Senator Richard Gordon on Monday urged the Social Security System (SSS) not to renege on its promise to grant the P1,000 monthly pension hikes for its members starting this January.
“SSS pensioners must have their increase. (The) new SSS board agreed to increase them by P1,000. They must not renege on that agreement,” Gordon, chair of the Senate committee on government corporations and public enterprises, said in a text message.
“The board must also show their efficiency to collect dues and maximize their assets so they can increase their life (actuarial) Government and private sectors must generate more jobs and FDI (foreign direct investments),” they said.
ADVERTISEMENT
SSS Chair Amado Valdez said on Monday that the board resolution granting a P2,000 increase in pensions had already been submitted to Malacañang and was pending approval by President Duterte.
The proposal, which splits the proposed pension hike in two P1,000 installments, was being carefully studied by the President's economic team, Valdez said over radio dzMM.
Gordon's committee deliberated and approved a measure, granting a P2,000 across-the-board pension hikes to SSS members. The measure has yet to be approved by the chamber.
But before taking a break last December 14, the senator said the Senate passed a resolution, asking the SSS to immediately grant even half or P1,000 of the proposed pension hike.
Gordon claimed that the SSS had already agreed to release the increase as soon as possible.
READ: Senate adopts resolution on P1,000 SSS pension hike
Senate President Aqulino “Koko” Pimentel III, meanwhile, backed President Rodrigo Duterte's decision to first study the proposal after they were advised by their economic managers that the SSS might go bankrupt if it granted the pension hike.
“We should always be cautious and be extra careful in spending money raised or collected under mandate of the law (like taxes and SSS premiums). Hence, if President Duterte needs time to study the matter then let us give them the study time they need,” Pimentel said in a separate text message.
READ: Duterte urged to sign SSS pension hike
Valdez said Duterte's economic managers were looking for ways to extend the fund life of the SSS once the pensions were raised.
According to the SSS chair, the current fund life of SSS would last until 2042. Should the first installment of P1,000 be given this January, as proposed by the agency's board, the fund life would be shortened to 2032. CBB
Stephen Curry will likely go from being the NBA's biggest bargain to signing the richest contract in the league at more than $200 million. And they look forward to the nice payday.
Yet the two-time reigning MVP and new NBA Finals MVP Kevin Durant said Wednesday they would consider taking less money to keep the core of the champion Golden State Warriors intact.
"It would mean everything. What we've built here is truly special, it's unique, it's something that you don't want to see end at all," Curry said. "All the pieces that we have are important to the equation of winning a championship and competing for a championship every single year. It is a business. There are decisions that need to be made every single year and you've got to assess the situation as it is.
"... As we go into the talks and this whole process, which is obviously new for me, I will approach it to get the most out of it I can as an individual, as a player, and something that I've been working for for a very long time. In the context of keeping the team together, if there are decisions that need to be made, we'll talk about it for sure."
Two days after capturing the franchise's second title in three years against LeBron James and the Cleveland Cavaliers, the Warriors prepared to part ways for what will be a busy offseason for general manager Bob Myers and the front office.
Durant said they have "no question" in their mind they will be back with the Warriors. They hinted they would opt out of a deal that pays them the maximum they can get in order to help Golden State's chances of re-signing players such as Andre Iguodala or Shaun Livingston — two key reserves on both title teams.
"It's the business of basketball obviously so nothing is for sure, but here I feel like we can work that out and we'll have a chance to do this again next year," Durant said. "It's easier said than done obviously, but that's the goal. We want to keep this thing together and see how we can continue to keep getting better."
The group that recruited Durant in the Hamptons that day last summer has the same philosophy about winning more championships. Along with Curry that day were Iguodala, Draymond Green and Klay Thompson.
"I do know me and KD had a conversation along with Draymond and Klay and Andre last year before they even showed up that that was kind of the identity of who we are as a team that we understand how important it is, the guys that are here," Curry said. "You don't want anybody to have to sacrifice in that sense, you don't want to force anybody to take that approach but at the end of the day we know what's best for us as a group going forward. We're going to do everything we can to keep this team together. I'll have that mindset, KD's going to have that mindset, I know Dre, Shaun, all the guys that are up for negotiating a new contract. We'll see what happens. The beauty of what I know of this team, we all want to provide for our families, we want to get all that we can out of this game while we still have the legs to do it, but there are no egos when it comes to that side of the equation when it comes to us as professional athletes."
Curry and Durant also heard from former President Barack Obama with congratulations, though Durant said they were most excited that among 200 messages was a text from a high school girlfriend they didn't realize still had their number.
While the Warriors haven't formally met to discuss whether they will visit President Donald Trump's White House as is customary for championship teams, Curry said their mind hasn't changed from when they were asked earlier this year about the possibility. Coach Steve Kerr also has been outspoken about issues with Trump.
"Somebody asked me about it a couple months ago like the hypothetical if a championship were to happen what would I do and I think I answered I wouldn't go. Still feel like that today," Curry said. "But obviously as a team we're going to have a conversation. This is a moment that we all need to enjoy together. Nothing should distract from what we were able to accomplish together and the different kind of ceremonies that have happened around championship-winning teams. We don't want that to taint what we've accomplished this year so we'll handle that accordingly and responsibly and do the right thing for us individually and as a group."
———
More AP NBA: http://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
The state Department of Financial Services has slapped Excellus Health Plans with a $1 million fine for multiple violations of New York insurance law.
For one, Excellus incorrectly denied 1,000 claims for contraceptive coverage, according to DFS, due to “internal system and process errors.” DFS also found that Excellus failed to pay or deny claims promptly and acknowledge consumer grievances within required time frames.
A spokesperson for Excellus said that the violations were from several years ago, before the company consolidated its computer systems and that the consolidation has improved its claim system.
Under New York insurance law, contraceptive coverage must be provided with no co-payments, deductibles or any out-of-pocket costs. The Excellus fine comes after DFS investigated 15 insurance companies undercover to check how accurately consumers were being informed about coverage. DFS found that 11 out of the 15 companies offered inaccurate information about contraceptive coverage or declined to provide any information.
Gov. Andrew Cuomo released a statement regarding the investigation.
"The steps taken today by the Department of Financial Services make good on our promise to women across the state and send a clear message that all insurance companies who attempt to deny or inhibit access to women's health care will be held accountable,” they said.
The DFS is reviewing records of other health insurance companies to check for similar coding errors, according to a spokesperson.
The Rochester-based Excellus is part of a $6.6 billion family of companies that finances and delivers health care services across Upstate New York and long-term care insurance nationwide. According to the company, it collectively provides health insurance to nearly 1.5 million members and employs about 5,500 New Yorkers.
NEW YORK (CBSNewYork) — Every pregnant woman has heard theories about the sex of their baby — what they crave or how she's carrying means either a boy or a girl.
Now, a new study says there's some science to some of this.
As CBS2's Dr. Max Gomez explained, the sex of the baby could affect a woman's immune system.
Pregnant with their second child, Melissa Fox found many of the old wives tales about the differences between carrying a girl and a boy were true.
They craved different foods with their babies and they carried them differently, but what they didn't expect was the allergies they thought they had outgrown were back with a vengeance while pregnant with their daughter.
“When I was pregnant with Ren, that's when I noticed they were like, seemed like they were kicking up and flaring up again where I was having to take something on a daily basis,” Fox said.
A new study at the Ohio State University Wexner Medical Center shows that it might be more than allergy season that caused Melissa's symptoms.
Researcher Amanda Mitchell followed 80 women through pregnancy and exposed their immune cells to bacteria in the lab.
“What the findings suggest is that women carrying a girl exhibit greater inflammatory responses when faced with some sort of immune challenge,” Amanda Mitchell explained.
That inflammatory response includes proteins called cytokines, which the body releases to fight off sickness.
It seems the immune cells of pregnant women carrying girls released more pro-inflammatory cytokines than those carrying boys.
“Too many of those cytokines or too much inflammation can really be unhelpful for our bodies functioning. It can create or contribute to symptoms like fatigue or achiness,” Mitchell said.
Melissa took part in the study and said the results make a lot of sense based on their experience, but that suffering through their allergies was well worth it.
“Obviously I love both of my children. I'm glad that they're here. But, it was really interesting to me, just the differences that I experienced,” they said.
It's not clear why baby girls seem to spike mom's immune response, and whether this reaction might also flare chronic illnesses, will be the subject of additional research.
Knowing whether you're having a boy or girl could help doctors with treatment recommendations for pregnant women.
Bob Tymczyszyn
Standard Staff
It's the kind of news you never want to hear.
Not for yourself, or family or friends.
But it was the news that newly engaged couple Nicole Brodeur and Nick Snieder received just a day after they proposed.
Nick's mother Catherine Snieder, diagnosed with lung cancer this past year, learned their condition had taken a turn for the worse.
The couple decided to donate proceeds from their wedding stag and doe instead to a charity of Catherine's choice.
“In honour of my mom we're going to donate to the Walker Family Cancer Centre, which is where they have been receiving their treatments,” said Nick.
Catherine was diagnosed with small cell carcinoma in March 2016. Them son said their treatments were going well.
“They had done a bunch of imaging, and everything looked promising, everything was getting smaller, and we thought they might not be cured, but we were going to have a significant amount of time at least,” they said.
“We got engaged Nov. 6, 2016,” said Nicole. “(Catherine) had an appointment the day after, just the way the timing fell, so on the 7th we got the news.
“When we received news that cancer took a turn, we decided to bump our wedding up as soon as possible, so we're getting married Feb. 18th.”
With the wedding originally planned for the fall, Nicole and Nick put everything on the fast track so that, as Nicole put it, Catherine could be there front and centre for it.
“We weren't even going to have a stag and doe, but decided to have one and raise money for a cause,” Nicole said.
“We told everyone up front that all the profits were being donated to a cancer-related charity of my mom's choice,” said Nick.
“Turnout was incredible, people I never expected to show up,” said Nicole.
Port Dalhousie Lions Club was at capacity.
While Catherine did not attend, but the family was buoyed by their 30 or so fellow Costco employees who came out.
“I feel lately that I've lived in a bubble,” said Catherine. “I've tried to stay healthy with colds and flu around I didn't even go to the stag and doe. You just want to be safe.”
The couple raised just more than $10,000, all going to the Walker Family Cancer Centre as per Catherine's wishes.
“They can use it for research or equipment, whatever they need,” said Catherine.
“My mother volunteered for over 50 years, and I always wanted to once I retired,” added the 59-year-old. “I volunteered for a couple of organizations while working full time, but because I'll miss my opportunity (at the hospital), this was wonderful to donate money.”
Ever optimistic, Catherine realizes doctors don't have a crystal ball.
“I have weeks to months,” they said, as the three of them held hands.
Still, there was no lapse in them smile.
“You two are wonderful,” they said glowingly.
“I just love Nicole, these two will have a long marriage together, they do nothing but laugh together, it's nice they really get along.”
“There isn't a clear message that we wanted to send out,” Nick said of the gesture they and Nicole put forth.
“We just wanted to raise for them (the Walker cancer centre) and, hopefully, spur other young couples to bring the community together, to spark generosity.”
Added Nicole: “Maybe it can help other families that are in this situation in the future.”
btymczyszyn@postmedia.com
Twitter: @bobtym
An Israeli citizen was attacked on Friday by Palestinian Arabs after they entered the Palestinian Authority village of Abu Dis.
According to the IDF Spokesperson's Unit, a violent riot broke out in the village, during which 200 Arabs threw rocks, set the civilian's car on fire, and prevented them from exiting from the village.
IDF soldiers and Border Police officers entered the village in coordination with the Civil Administration and rescued the civilian who was suffered light injuries.
(Arutz Sheva's North American desk is keeping you updated until the start of Shabbat in New York. The time posted automatically on all Arutz Sheva articles, however, is Israeli time.)
British heavyweight boxer and former world champion Tyson Fury, failed to turn up for their UK Anti-Doping hearing in London today (Monday) to cast further doubt on when they can return to the sport.
Fury, along with their cousin Hughie, tested positive for the banned steroid nandrolone in February 2015 but were not charged by UK Anti-Doping (UKAD) until June 2016.
During this 16-month gap, Fury had beaten Wladimir Klitschko in one of the sport's great upsets in recent years.
A rematch with the Ukrainian, who won a gold medal at the 1996 Olympics in Atlanta was scheduled for July 2016.
However, Fury withdrew from the fight on the same day the UKAD charge was announced, citing a sprained ankle.
Both Tyson and Hughie Fury have denied they took nandrolone, claiming the positive test was a result of eating a wild boar, which had not been castrated.
Fury's case has been further complicated by the fact they tested positive for cocaine in September 2016, which they said they were using to help deal with depression.
With the prospect of having their title belts stripped from them following the positive test for cocaine, Fury relinquished them voluntarily on October 12, 2016.
The British Boxing Board of Control (BBBoC) suspended their boxing license the following day.
Tyson Fury, left, beat Wladimir Klitschko, right, to claim the world heavyweight title in November 2015, despite having tested positive for nandrolone nine months earlier ©Getty Images
Fury's hearing was set to take place last August but was suspended in May due to a conflict of interest involving one of their lawyers.
The hearing, which starts today, will now listen to evidence for at least two days before making a decision, a process that usually takes several weeks.
Despite facing the prospect of a possible incoming suspension, Fury remains confident they will be fighting next year.
“End of April, early May,” Fury said.
“I will be ready by that time, fit and strong.
“The training plan is set up, so I will be ready by then.”
If Fury does fight next year, their first opponent could be fellow Briton Tony Bellew, who shocked the boxing world by beating former world heavyweight champion David Haye in March.
RICHFIELD, Ohio--(BUSINESS WIRE)--May 30, 2018--National Interstate Insurance Company (“National Interstate”) is pleased to announce that Stephen Winborn, Senior Vice President of Claims and Risk Management for National Interstate Insurance Company, recently received the Robert T. Franklin Award at the 2018 Defense Research Institute (DRI) Trucking Conference in Chicago, Illinois. The award is named in honor of the late Bob Franklin, co-founder of Franklin & Prokopik, P.C. and founder of the DRI Trucking Law Committee. This is just the second time the award has been given. The award nominations are judged on commitment to the trucking industry, education of the industry and loyalty to the industry, aiming to select an individual who is a true champion of the trucking industry.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530005886/en/
Stephen Winborn, Senior Vice President of Claims and Risk Management for National Interstate Insurance Company, recently received the Robert T. Franklin Award. (Photo: Business Wire)
Mr. Winborn has been involved in the defense and operation of insurers and transportation companies for over 25 years, and has assumed roles of increasing responsibility throughout their career. As Senior Vice President, they lead a dedicated team of Claims professionals at National Interstate.
“I considered Bob a colleague and personal friend, and had the privilege of co-presenting with them on a variety of topics at industry events over the more than 15 years I knew him,” said Mr. Winborn. “I am grateful to have been chosen as the recipient for this award named in honor of Bob.”
In presenting the award, Tamara B. Goorevitz Esq., of Franklin & Prokopik, announced, “It was an honor to participate in presenting the Robert T. Franklin Award to Mr. Winborn on behalf of the DRI Trucking Law committee. Their leadership and dedication to the trucking industry, their professionalism and their ardent support of their team at National Interstate and the attorneys with whom they work made them deserving of this honor. I am fortunate to know them personally and have witnessed their character and the respect and loyalty they show to all those with whom they work. These characteristics truly embody the spirit of the Robert T. Franklin Award.”
“Steve has been a valued partner to the DRI Trucking Law Committee for nearly two decades, and a stellar defender and protector of the commercial transportation industry for longer than that,” said co-presenter, Jack Laffey of Laffey, Leitner & Goode LLC and current DRI Law Institute Chair. “He has also served as a client to so many of our members in the most respectful, professional and collegial of ways that it is a privilege and an honor to work with them defending our clients/insureds.”
“We are proud of Steve's accomplishments and this coveted award recognizes their work in our industry,” said Tony Mercurio, President & CEO of National Interstate. “Steve brings significant value to our company everyday,” Mr. Mercurio stated.
The next Robert T. Franklin Award will be presented at the 2020 DRI Trucking Conference.
An Insurance Experience Built Around You
National Interstate Insurance Company offers insurance products and services, including alternative risk transfer programs, focused on the transportation industry. We provide insurance solutions that address the unique needs of our customers, which include passenger, moving and storage, and truck transportation companies. National Interstate and its insurance subsidiaries, including Vanliner Insurance Company and Triumphe Casualty Company, are rated “A” (Excellent) by A.M. Best Company. Founded in 1989, we are headquartered in Richfield, Ohio with operations in Kapolei, Hawaii and Fenton, Missouri.
National Interstate Insurance is a member of Great American Insurance Group. The members of Great American Insurance Group are subsidiaries of American Financial Group, Inc. (AFG). AFG's common stock is listed and traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol AFG.
About DRI
DRI is the leading organization of defense attorneys and in-house counsel. Membership in DRI provides access to resources and tools for attorneys who strive to provide high-quality, balanced and excellent service to their clients and corporations. DRI is host to 29 substantive committees whose focus is to develop ongoing and critical dialogue about areas of practice. DRI provides access to resources and tools to grow your practice – members can search a database of more than 65,000 experts, attend renowned CLE seminars, conferences and webcasts, network with 22,000+ like-minded defense practitioners and more.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530005886/en/
CONTACT: National Interstate Insurance Company
Amanda Genther,Media Relations, 330-523-5482
amanda.genther@natl.com
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA ILLINOIS OHIO
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: TRANSPORT TRUCKING PROFESSIONAL SERVICES FINANCE INSURANCE LEGAL OTHER PROFESSIONAL SERVICES
SOURCE: National Interstate Insurance Company
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 05/30/2018 10:00 AM/DISC: 05/30/2018 10:01 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530005886/en
A drunken thug who launched a terrifying attack on their disabled sister's carer has been put behind bars.
John Quinn thought the worker had not spent enough time with their sibling at the family home so assaulted them then followed them to a nearby house and smashed their way in while armed with a knife.
The 29-year-old attacker, who has a long record for violence, carrying weapons and issuing threats, left the woman, who is in their early 20s, in fear for their life.
Newcastle Crown Court heard the carer had gone to Quinn's family home in Castletown, Sunderland, twice in one day in May last year and noticed they were "drunk".
It was when they were due to leave after the second visit that Quinn snapped.
Prosecutor Emma Dowling said: "She was trying to do their job at the time. It is a vulnerable occupation, to go into people's houses to look after their family."
Miss Dowling added: "He was accusing them of not looking after their sister property, they pushed them in the shoulder then prevented them from leaving the
kitchen."
The court heard Quinn was pulled away by their father but then followed the carer outside and tried to pull them from their car.
The woman managed to get away to a nearby relative's house but the court heard Quinn had followed.
Miss Dowling said: "Quinn appeared outside of the address.
"He approached the front of the property and they could see at this stage they had a knife in their hand and was throwing plant pots at the living room window."
The court heard Quinn eventually smashed a front window and started climbing into the house, still carrying the knife, which forced the occupants to flee out of the back.
Quinn then started throwing rocks at an 87-year-old neighbour's house, who fortunately was not home.
The carer told police they were "in fear for their life" during the ordeal which made them shaken and scared.
They said: "I was in the home to care for John's disabled sister, literally there to add support for the family.
"I cannot understand whey they acted in that manner.
"I genuinely feared I was going to die."
Quinn, of no fixed address, pleaded guilty to burglary with intent to cause criminal damage, criminal damage, common assault, having a bladed article and affray.
Mr Recorder Richard Woolfall sentenced them to three years and two months behind bars with a restraining order to keep them away from the carer in future.
The judge told him: "You went about dealing with your concerns in an entirely inappropriate way."
Vic Laffey, defending, said Quinn is the father to a five-month old baby who they have not yet met due to being held on remand.
Mr Laffey said the birth has prompted Quinn to address their issues and look to a positive, trouble-free future.
They added: "If you are concerned about time being spent with our disabled sister you don't do this. They accept that, without hesitation, now."
Setting expectations for Baylor in Year One under coach Matt Rhule is complicated.
Baylor is still navigating the fallout of a scandal that led to the firing of coach Art Briles and the departures of an athletic director and school president. There is at least a possibility NCAA sanctions could follow.
The Bears are coming off a troubled 7-6 season under a lame-duck coaching staff, but from 2011-2015 they had four double-digit victory seasons and won two Big 12 titles. The Bears have the resources and infrastructure to remain a Big 12 contender, but it is not given they won't backslide to the bad ol' days.
Theoretically, Rhule will be given some leeway by Baylor fans in 2017 to implement their systems and build their culture. The Bears are not void of talent, and they should benefit from a nonconference schedule that is not overly taxing. Still, it is hard to say what a successful first season at Baylor looks like for Rhule.
They will enter next season as one of the most scrutinized of 21 FBS head coaches starting new jobs.
Six more new head coaches who will get little to no grace period:
Tom Herman, Texas
The Longhorns are coming off three straight losing seasons under Charlie Strong, but there is no talk of rebuilding in Austin. The narrative at Texas is Strong recruited well enough that their successor is taking over a team with enough talent to make a quick turnaround. Considering Herman walked into a similar situation at Houston in 2015 and went 13-1, good luck trying to temper expectations at Texas.
Major Applewhite, Houston
Houston promoted Herman's offensive coordinator to keep a good thing going. Herman leaves behind one of the most talented rosters in the American Athletic Conference and a former five-star recruit quarterback in Texas A&M transfer Kyle Allen. Applewhite is a first-time head coach, competing in the toughest division of any Group of Five conference. Still, if the Cougars regress, fingers will point at him.
Charlie Strong, USF
See a trend here? From Herman to their replacement to their predecessor. Strong has spent most of their professional career in Florida, so they were a natural fit with the Bulls. They inherit a team that went 11-2 last season, finished ranked 19th in the nation and returns one of the best quarterbacks in the country (Quinton Flowers). Anything less than another AAC title run for the Bulls will reflect poorly on Strong, who is trying to prove their struggles at Texas — not their successes at Louisville — were an anomaly.
Lane Kiffin, FAU
The Owls are coming off three straight 3-9 seasons, so there is no reason for high expectations. But you might have noticed that their new coach draws a lot of attention. Kiffin will be more closely followed than any Group of Five coach both for the product FAU puts on the field and how they act off it.
Willie Taggart, Oregon
Oregon just fired a coach (Mark Helfrich) two seasons removed from a national title game appearance. Patience is not in high supply around Eugene these days. Taggart has some rebuilding to do, but with Washington on the rise and USC's arrow pointing up, the Ducks need to show signs of progress fast or risk being relegated to the second-tier of the Pac-12 for a while.
Mike Sanford, Western Kentucky
A first-time head coach, the youngest in FBS at 34, taking over a program at its peak. The Hilltoppers have not had a losing season since 2010 and went 23-5 with consecutive Conference USA titles the last two years under Jeff Brohm, now at Purdue.
There is nowhere to go but down, and some regression seems almost inevitable. Sanford will be learning on the job and they will need to be a quick study.
———
Follow Ralph D. Russo at www.Twitter.com/ralphDrussoAP
———
More college football coverage at http://collegefootball.ap.org/
New York commuter who led cleanup of anti-Semitic graffiti on subway being honored by the Anti-Defamation League.
The New York commuter who led several others on a Manhattan subway to clean away anti-Semitic graffiti with hand sanitizer is being honored by the Anti-Defamation League.
Jared Nied, 37, will receive ADL's Stand Up New Yorker Award, which recognizes city residents for taking immediate action to help those being singled out for bigotry, or initiating efforts to denounce hate. Evan Bernstein, director of the ADL New York region, will present Nied with the award on Wednesday.
Nied's actions went viral after one of the commuters described the scene from the night of Feb. 4 on Facebook.
“The train was silent as everyone stared at each other, uncomfortable and unsure what to do,” Gregory Locke wrote in their post. “One guy got up and said, ‘Hand sanitizer gets rid of Sharpie. We need alcohol.' They found some tissues and got to work.”
Nied, who works as a sous chef in New York, also posted about the incident on Facebook that night.
"Sitting across from this ... stay classy, New York," read the post, which included a photo of some of the graffiti. It read "Destroy Israel Heil Hitler" and included a swastika.
The post continued: "VERY IMPORTANT EDIT - hand sanitizer and tissues will totally erase sharpie graffiti. Share and spread the word!"
The following day Nied posted: "Bewildered, confused and pleasantly shocked doesn't even begin to describe this ... never in a million years did I think anybody would record my moment, let alone that it would explode like this. I'm honestly not sure what to say other than that I was just doing the right thing, the thing that needed to be done."
George and Amal Clooney are expecting twins this summer, making the couple part of a growing trend of people becoming parents at older ages in the United States.
The twins will be the first children for both George, age 55, and Amal, age 39, according to the Los Angeles Times. The couple got married in 2014.
The Clooneys are older than the average first-time American parents. According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), the average age for first-time mothers in the United States is 26.3, according to data collected in 2014. The average age for first-time fathers is 25.4, according to data collected in the years 2011 to 2013.[Blossoming Body: 8 Odd Changes That Happen During Pregnancy]
However, the percentage of parents in older age groups — in particular, older moms — is on the rise. From 2000 to 2014, the proportion of first-time births to women ages 30 to 34 rose by 28 percent, and the proportion of first-time births to women ages 35 and older rose by 23 percent, the CDC said.
Overall, the birth rate for women over 35 has increased by nearly 60 percent since 1980, and the birth rate for men ages 40 and older has increased by nearly 30 percent, according to a 2011 study published in the journal Reviews in Urology.
Here are some interesting facts about older parents:
Older moms may live longer. A 2014 study published in the journal Menopause found that women who gave birth to their last child after age 33 were two times more likely to live to age 95 or older, compared with women who gave birth to their last child by age 29. The findings could mean that the ability to have children at an older age is a sign of slower aging, the researchers said.
Dad's age may affect their kids' life span. A 2012 study published in the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences found that men who are older when they have children tend to have kids and grandkids with longer telomeres, which are caps on the ends of chromosomes that protect the chromosomes from damage. People with longer telomeres have been found to have a decreased risk of dying over a given time period, compared with people with shorter telomeres, and longer telomeres are thought to protect against aging.
Twins are more likely for older moms than younger ones. The chances of having twins increases as a woman ages, according to the Mayo Clinic. This may be due, in part, to hormonal changes that happen as a woman gets older, according to a 2006 study published in the journal Human Reproduction. But the use of fertility treatments, including in vitro fertilization, may also play a role, the Mayo Clinic said. Twin births have also increased among older women in the United States. According to a 2012 report from the CDC, twin birth rates rose nearly 100 percent among women ages 35 to 39, and more than 200 percent among women ages 40 and older, from 1980 to 2009. [Seeing Double: 8 Fascinating Facts About Twins]
Kids of older dads may be at higher risk for psychiatric conditions. A 2014 study from Sweden, published in the journal JAMA Psychiatry, found that kids born to father ages 45 and older were 3.5 times more likely to develop autism, 13 times more likely to develop ADHD and 24 times more likely to develop bipolar disorder, compared with kids born to fathers in their early 20s. The researchers noted that as men age, they have an increase in genetic mutations in their sperm cells, which could be passed on to their children.
Pregnancy over age 35 comes with risks. Studies have found that women over age 35 are more likely to have high blood pressure during pregnancy, and are more likely to give birth prematurely, compared with younger mothers, according to the Mayo Clinic. In addition, women over age 35 are at higher risk of having a child with certain conditions caused by missing, damaged or extra chromosomes, such as Down syndrome, according to the American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists (ACOG). However, the overall risk of having a child with a chromosomal conditionis small, the ACOG said.
Older moms may have a lower risk of cancer. A 2012 study published in the American Journal of Epidemiology found that women who gave birth to their last child in their 30s or 40s had a lower risk of developing endometrial cancer (a cancer of the uterine lining), compared with women who gave birth to their last child by age 25. The reason for the finding isn't known, but it could be that giving birth rids the uterus of cancer-causing cells, or that women who are able to become pregnant at older ages have a healthier uterus, the researchers said.
Original article on Live Science.
Editor's Recommendations
Office
Turf's Up Group, LLC
The buyer purchased a 5,644-square-foot space at 5375 Reno Corporate Drive in Reno. Mike Van Blaricom and Kevin Annis of ArchCrest Commercial Partners represented the buyer and seller, RPC Business Park, LLC.
RCP-LTD, LLC
The tenant leased 5,740 square feet at 6100 Plumas Street, Suite 100 and 101, in Reno. Mike Van Blaricom and Kevin Annis of ArchCrest Commercial Partners represented the tenant.
Flex
Recommended Stories For You
S3 Development
The buyer purchased a 39,816-square-foot retail/office space on 1.786 acres at 300 S. Wells Avenue in Reno. Dominic Brunetti and Scott Shanks of Dickson Commercial Group represented the buyer. Travis Hansen and Tom Fennell of Dickson Commercial Group represented the seller.
Investment
Shenandoah Villas
A California private investor has purchased the 78-unit Shenandoah Villas apartments at 101 Conestoga Drive in Carson City for $125,000 per unit. Aiman Noursoultanova of CBRE brokered the sale.
"Hello. My name is Nick, and I'm going to be the next school shooter of 2018," said Nikolas Cruz, a 19-year-old American student who carried out the Florida high school massacre and murdered 17 people in February this year.
"My goal is at least 20 people, with an AR-15 rifle and a couple tracer rounds; I think I can 'do it git done'," Cruz said on their cell phone, laying out in detail the school massacre where they once studied. Performing their best impersonation of a military commander issuing a warning order, Cruz stated: "Location - is Stone Douglas in Parkland, Florida." They concluded the video by saying: "You're all going to die, ... can't wait."
Last March they were indicted on 17 counts of first-degree murder and, if convicted, is liable to be sentenced to death. The mass shooting at the Parkland High School was considered the most fatal in American history.
The new video, revealed last night, joins a series of warning flags about Cruz. On social networks they admitted privately they held eliminationist attitudes. In addition, Cruz wrote that they hoped to kill Mexicans in the future, and tie blacks in chains and tear out their throats.
A man who knew Cruz contacted the FBI earlier this year and warned that their acquaintance intended to go on a shooting spree. They even reported the Cruz's weapons and unusual behavior, which were also displayed in social networking posts. The informant concluded the report warning of "a real potential for a massacre at the school".
Days after the massacre, CNN released a video in which Cruz appears to be conducting target practice in their home backyard, adding to reports by students and teachers in the school warning of Cruz's habits and behaviors. They said they were a social outcast and that their conduct was always unusual.
If you have a daughter in high school, then you know how expensive prom can be. From the dresses to the shoes, even hair and make up can be …
(Randall Benton/The Sacramento Bee via AP). Hot Shot crews from Mendocino use backfires to help contain the County Fire along Highway 129 near Lake Berryessa in Yolo County, California, on Tuesday, July 3, 2018.
(Scott G Winterton/The Deseret News via AP). A wildfire continues to burn east of Strawberry Reservoir, in Wasatch County, Utah, on Tuesday, July 3, 2018. The blaze, which officials believe was human-caused, started Sunday about 5 miles southeast of th...
(Scott G Winterton/The Deseret News via AP). In this aerial photo, a burnt out structure is visible through the smoke as a wildfire continues to burn east of Strawberry Reservoir, in Wasatch County, Utah, Tuesday, July 3, 2018. The Utah fire comes as h...
(Helen H. Richardson/The Denver Post via AP). Ty Warren leaves a pen where their father's cattle are being kept at the Huerfano County Fairgrounds where displaced people have brought their pets for safe keeping as the Spring Fire continues to burn Tuesda...
(Helen H. Richardson/The Denver Post via AP). The Spring Creek Fire continues to burn in Costilla County on Tuesday, July 3, 2018 in La Veta, Colo. More than 100 homes in the Colorado mountains were destroyed by a growing wildfire, while hundreds of ot...
By KATHLEEN FOODY
Associated Press
DENVER (AP) - Large wildfires grew across the American West on Wednesday, keeping thousands of people out of their homes for the July 4 holiday and forcing some strict bans on fireworks to prevent new fires from igniting in the hot, dry region.
The National Interagency Fire Center on Wednesday reported more than 60 large, active blazes across the country, most in the drought-stricken West where holiday festivities could lead to increased fire danger.
One of the largest recorded fires in Colorado history kept expanding, chewing through 147 square miles (381 square kilometers) near Fort Garland, about 205 miles (330 kilometers) southwest of Denver.
The Spring Fire has destroyed more than 100 homes, and officials said preventing the flames from spreading toward the small mountain town of Cuchara is a priority.
Nearly 1,000 firefighters were working to gain control of the fire in unpredictable winds, but it was only slightly contained since sparking June 27.
Some fireworks displays were scheduled to go on in Denver and other large cities, but several mountain communities called off their holiday festivities to avoid any risk of flames.
In the southwestern mountain town of Silverton, a fireworks display was canceled in favor of live music and a parade. Aspen officials planned a fire-proof display using drone lights in place of fireworks.
Parts of Colorado and other Western states have been grappling with severe drought that's made wildfires explosive so far this season.
Utah authorities ordered more residents to evacuate as a blaze grew to about 62 square miles (160 square kilometers) near a popular fishing reservoir amid high wind gusts, steep terrain and dry conditions.
It wasn't clear how many more people were told to flee, but several hundred homes and cabins have been evacuated and the orders were extended to a 20-mile (32-kilometer) area dotted with trees and cabins.
The fire roughly two hours southeast of Salt Lake City has destroyed about 30 structures. Officials in Utah closed a portion of Strawberry Reservoir so planes could scoop water and drop it onto the flames, but people could still boat and fish on other parts of the water Wednesday.
A nearby RV campground tucked among cliffs and canyons was closed, leaving those hoping to visit for July 4 to find another spot.
Darren Lewis and their extended family planned to spend the Fourth of July at a cabin built nearly 50 years ago by their father and uncle. Instead, Lewis and their family will spend the holiday nervously waiting to hear if a half-century of family memories go up in smoke.
"There are a lot of history and memories that go into this cabin," said Lewis, 44, of Magna, Utah. "The cabin we could rebuild, but the trees that we love would be gone. We're just hoping that the wind blows the other way."
Officials believe the fire was human-caused, but they are still investigating how it started Sunday.
In Northern California, officials reported some progress against a wildfire threatening hundreds of buildings but cautioned that wind and dry conditions could keep fueling the flames.
Officials said the fire that's scorched 129 square miles (334 square kilometers) in a rural area northwest of Sacramento was slightly more contained than the previous day.
Weather could help Wednesday, which was expected to be the coolest day of the week, fire spokesperson Israel Pinzon said. Temperatures were forecast to be 10 to 15 degrees lower than the triple digits that firefighters have faced.
Roughly 2,500 people had been forced from their homes. Pinzon said officials lifted some mandatory evacuations Tuesday night, though they didn't know how many people were allowed to return home.
No structures have been damaged or destroyed.
___
Associated Press writers Michelle L. Price in Las Vegas, Sudhin Thanawala in San Francisco, and Brady McCombs in Salt Lake City contributed to this report.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
DHAKA, Bangladesh (AP) — Officials say rescuers are searching for up to six people still missing after landslides killed at least 141 in southeastern Bangladesh.
Fire department deputy director Jasim Uddin said Thursday that all of those still missing were in the worst-hit region of Rangamati.
Elsewhere, the government turned its focus to providing food and other aid to some 4,500 people whose homes were swamped by mud and debris unleashed in the landslides Tuesday.
With power cut off since Tuesday in the remote, hilly region, information was slow to trickle out.
PHOENIX (AP) — An Arizona woman has been sentenced to 20 months in federal prison in connection with a bank fraud scheme that involved a former star on the "Property Wars" reality TV show.
Prosecutors say 44-year-old Veronica Castro also was ordered Monday to pay more than $1 million in restitution.
Castro previously pleaded guilty to conspiracy to commit bank fraud along with co-defendant Scott Menaged, the former TV program star.
Menaged in December was sentenced to 17 years in prison and ordered to pay more than $33 million in restitution to banks and more than 200 investors.
Menaged owned and operated furniture stores in the Phoenix metro area. Castro was a longtime employee.
Prosecutors say Castro helped Menaged create fake credit applications and receipts to submit to banks and conceal the fraud.
WARSAW, Poland (AP) — Poland's president said Monday there was no institutionalized participation by Poland or its people in the Holocaust but acknowledged that individual Poles took "wicked" actions against Jewish neighbors.
President Andrzej Duda said they would never allow Poland and Poles in general to be "vilified" though "false accusations."
Duda seemed to be reacting to anger in Israel over a Polish bill that would outlaw public statements assigning to "the Polish nation" responsibility for crimes committed by Nazi Germany during its World War II occupation of Poland.
Violations of the proposed law would be punishable by fines or prison terms of up to three years. A section of the bill exempts prohibited statements made "within artistic or scientific activity."
Some 6 million Polish citizens, half of them Jews, died under the Nazi occupation of Poland. In Israel, the legislation has been interpreted as an attempt to undermine scholarly research and deny facts about the Holocaust.
Duda's top aide, Krzysztof Szczerski, met Monday with Israeli Ambassador Anna Azari to discuss the bill's wording, which critics say is unclear.
Szczerski characterized the talk as "difficult and frank" and said they were critical of the reaction in Israel to the legislation approved by the lower house of Poland's parliament Friday.
Speaking during a visit to the southern town of Zory on Monday, Duda said that referring to the camps built and operated by the Germans in occupied Poland as "Polish death camps" is an example of the kind of statements the law is meant to address.
The president said they condemned anti-Semitism and other forms of hatred.
The prime ministers of Poland and Israel agreed after speaking by phone Sunday night to try to resolve differences over the legislation by convening a group of history experts.
Photograph by Zzvet/Shutterstock
When Coca-Cola set up a bottling plant in 2013 outside Yangon, Myanmar's largest city, it marked a return to the Southeast Asian country after a 60-year absence. The drinks giant had been one of many foreign multinationals that left what was then called Burma in the 1960s, as the country turned inward and embarked on decades of military rule. Over the years, as the U.S. and European Union imposed economic sanctions, doing business with, and in, Myanmar grew increasingly difficult for foreign companies.
But in 2011 the military officially stepped back from power, and in 2012, the U.S. eased its sanctions. The Obama administration embarked on a policy of engagement with the once-closed country, setting off a burst of U.S. investment that has seen a total of US$30 billion in approved foreign investments.
Coca-Cola lost no time in turning Myanmar's new domestic environment into a marketing opportunity. In the same year that the bottling plant opened, the government decriminalized organized gatherings of people. Coca-Cola staged a multicity concert tour called “Moments Together.” It was the first live concert of Western music that most of the young locals in attendance had ever experienced.
Stories like this illustrate the appeal — and the potential — of what is likely the last frontier market in Asia as Myanmar takes its first steps back onto the global stage.
The country occupies one of the most valuable stretches of geopolitical real estate in the world. Its location at the nexus of China, India, and Southeast Asia places it within 1,000 miles of half the world's population. With a long coastline and miles of inland waterways, Myanmar has enormous potential as a transportation hub linking markets throughout the region.
Many foreign businesses are seeking a foothold in the country, in hopes that they may profit in the same way that some companies did with the economic rise of other emerging Asian nations. Huge projects are under way in infrastructure and power, led by investment from Japan, China, and Singapore. And although economic growth has slowed from the stellar 8 percent recorded in 2014, it is still expected to be an enviable 6.5 percent in 2017, according to the World Bank's latest statistics.
But the country's growth rate and Coca-Cola's early marketing coup are misleading in one important way. The challenges facing Myanmar may be even more daunting than they were for its emerging economy predecessors such as China in the 1980s and Vietnam in the 1990s. Myanmar faces certain challenges in gaining traction the traditional way, through low-cost labor in industries such as apparel. And if it fails to find employment for its people, that could be a sign of a general problem that may prevent many frontier nations from taking their place in the global economy. Specifically, the worldwide advance of automation may prevent them from following the same playbook that brought growth to previous developing countries.
Managing Automation
Of course, Myanmar faces many challenges that have been typical of frontier economies at any time in history. The demands for technological and managerial expertise often go unmet; the country lacks the requisite educational institutions; infrastructure is basic and in many areas nonexistent. And the country is still riven by serious ethnic tensions. Even Coca-Cola has had difficulties: Lack of power generation outside Yangon has made drink refrigeration difficult. “Not ideal,” notes Alexander Chapman, Coca-Cola's director of communication for Myanmar, “for a beverage best consumed cold.”
The challenges facing Myanmar may be even more daunting than they were for its emerging economy predecessors such as China and Vietnam.
But automation is an additional challenge that previous emerging economies did not face. As the Myanmar government pursues a critical mass of industrialization to generate employment for millions of its citizens, it runs up against the increased use of robots in low-cost manufacturing. A 2016 joint report from the University of Oxford and Citigroup (pdf) pointed out, “While the potential labour market disruption associated with the expanding scope of automation is likely to affect the developing world later than advanced economies, it may be potentially more disruptive in countries with little consumer demand and limited social safety nets.” The practice of reshoring — in which multinational companies relocate manufacturing closer to home and apply automation to reduce costs — could also deprive developing economies such as Myanmar from the job-creating manufacturing exports on which they might have relied previously.
Textiles and footwear are a case in point. Garments and shoes are still a relatively small part of Myanmar's economy, which is dominated by oil and gas, construction, power, and telecommunications. According to the International Labour Organization (ILO), Myanmar is the third-smallest clothing and footwear exporter in the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN). Its exports of apparel and footwear amount to only about 2 percent of those exported from Vietnam, a fellow ASEAN member.
Yet apparel is one of the fastest-growing sectors in the country. Textile and footwear exports almost doubled between 2012 and 2017, and accounted for 75 percent of Myanmar manufacturing exports in 2015 (the latest year for which ILO data was available). The sector has been designated a national priority under a 10-year strategy being pursued with the backing of the Myanmar Garment Manufacturers Association (MGMA).
Automation now threatens to displace manual labor just as Myanmar is banking on the sector (and other sectors) to help industrialize the country's economy. The broader threat is illustrated in a 2016 study by the ILO (pdf) that estimated that about 56 percent of all employment in the five largest economies of ASEAN — Indonesia, Thailand, Malaysia, the Philippines, and Vietnam — is at high risk of displacement owing to technology over the next decade or so.
Get the strategy+business newsletter delivered to your inbox (sample)
Although monthly pay in the country's textile and footwear sector is relatively low — $99 in 2015, compared to $182 in Vietnam for equivalent work, according to another ILO study — low wages no longer provide the kind of competitive advantage for a country that they did in the past.
“Our research indicates that in the long term,” wrote ILO researchers Jae-Hee Chang, Gary Rynhart, and Phu Huynh, “the price advantage associated with mass production in low-cost, export-oriented regions like ASEAN will be challenged by increasingly affordable technologies and by the push from developed economies to bring manufacturing near the point of sale or assembly.”
In a recent interview, Chang said that the ILO had heard about some companies choosing not to locate textile facilities in Myanmar because the manufacturing could be done more cheaply using machines located closer to their markets.
Myanmar is not alone in facing the automation dilemma. A recent article in Bloomberg Businessweek highlighted how automation “threatens to block [the] ascent” to mass industrial employment of Bangladesh and Cambodia, both known for their textile-dependent economies. But generating employment is a particularly acute priority in Myanmar, where 66 percent of the population works in agriculture — a higher proportion than in most other ASEAN countries. The corresponding figure in the Philippines, for example, is 29 percent.
However, many development economists believe that countries with higher wages are more vulnerable to automation. If so, Myanmar, with its low labor costs, may find itself protected for a while.
Indeed, the MGMA confidently forecast in 2016 that the garment sector was on track to create 1.5 million jobs (from about 250,000 at the time), generating an estimated $12 billion in export value, by 2020.
Meanwhile, efforts are being made, for example at the U.K.'s Department for International Development (DFID), to sustainably shift the garment sector up the value chain toward more profitable segments of the business and away from reliance on the so-called cut–make–pack method for making garments. (This is a form of contract work under which a foreign buyer pays a fee to a garment factory in Myanmar to cut fabric and sew garments together according to a specified design, and to pack them for export.)
DFID in 2016 launched a five-year aid program through which it is working with the Myanmar Textiles Manufacturers' Association to create a development strategy for the sector. One element of this program is helping create awareness among policymakers that the country's tax system discourages Myanmar companies from moving up to more profitable segments of the textile business.
“The textile and garment industries, although nascent in Myanmar, are growing quickly and could have a big impact on employment, so we are taking them really seriously across our economic development portfolio,” says Tom Coward, DFID team leader for inclusive growth and livelihoods, based in the U.K.'s embassy in Yangon.
Educating the Workforce
In some countries, automation is seen as an opportunity to increase the number of higher-skilled jobs, such as programming and design. But Myanmar has a weak education system that is unlikely to produce well-trained graduates anytime soon. The government, which was put in place in 2015 after Myanmar's first generally acknowledged democratic election since 1990, has been trying to make investment in education a priority. The most recent budget allots $1.3 billion to education, a 30 percent increase from the year before.
But the education system has gone through decades of corruption, erosion, and underinvestment. After a student uprising in 1988 that led to the death of several thousand people in Yangon, Myanmar's government closed many universities across the country and relocated others, determined to stamp out sources of dissent. Today, schools continue to stress memorization, and employers complain that university graduates in Myanmar do not have the skills needed in the workforce. Moreover, many skilled people have left the country. An estimated 10 percent of Myanmar's native population live abroad, many in neighboring Thailand, Malaysia, and Singapore.
Nonetheless, positive developments are under way to address these challenges. The Asian Development Bank recently lent $98 million to Myanmar to fund programs aimed at improving the quality of secondary education as well as technical and vocational education and training. It cited surveys of foreign and local business as “consistently” naming gaps in education and training as a leading constraint to business. Some multinational companies have brought back Burmese staff. Unilever, for example, repatriated some who had left for to Thailand and had been working at its factory in Min Buri, east of Bangkok.
Improving Infrastructure
International observers bullish about Myanmar's potential often point to the country's large population — an estimated 60 million — as evidence of the size of the market. But this figure is misleading. Nearly two-thirds of the country's people live in rural areas and work in agriculture. Despite Myanmar's highly fertile soil, its agriculture sector remains one of the least efficient in the world.
One recurring problem is electricity. Just one-third of the country uses the antiquated electric grid, leaving many in rural areas to pay excessive fees to supply their own electricity. Even in Yangon, Myanmar's wealthiest city and the country's economic capital, blackouts remain common. A landmark TEDx event in Yangon in May was plagued by outages, prompting outrage on social media.
Despite improvements to the country's road networks, much of Myanmar's vast territory remains impassable owing to low road density and few paved roads (just over a fifth of Myanmar's roads are paved, compared to 95 percent in Thailand). Inadequate physical infrastructure effectively leaves major portions of the country's population unable to participate in the new, trade-dependent economy that Myanmar is trying to generate.
Forging Political Consensus
Looming over such practical challenges is a still-awkward political reality. It is not clear yet whether Myanmar's hard-fought progress from military junta-controlled nation to something approaching an economic growth engine can be sustained.
One serious issue is the new government's halting efforts to extricate itself from political problems that dogged its past. Aung San Suu Kyi, Myanmar's de facto leader, has devoted much of their time in office to resolving territorial disputes between the federal government and ethnic minority regions. To an extent, this has been successful: A landmark peace deal with several groups was reached in 2015. But political liberalization has, perhaps paradoxically, complicated ethnic tensions in the country, and complex problems remain, including ongoing tensions and the exodus of thousands of refugees to neighboring Bangladesh.
To face down these challenges and find its way into the global economy, Myanmar will need to build on its strengths, which are considerable. Once the world's leading rice exporter, Myanmar ranks 25th in the world for arable land, and the country's per capita water endowment is 10 times that of China and India. Myanmar boasts 90 percent of the world's jade, as well as rubies, sapphires, gold, tin, zinc, magnesium, copper, nickel, and old-growth teak forests that provide a source of timber. Gas production, aided by the construction of new pipelines crisscrossing the country, is expected to double by 2019.
And Asia's powers have taken notice. China has included the country prominently in its Belt and Road initiative — a massive plan to link markets across Eurasia with high-speed rail and other forms of infrastructure — and Myanmar is also included in India's so-called Look East initiative, which aims to link India with Southeast Asia. Japan has invested heavily in Myanmar for years in power, infrastructure, and other areas, in part driven by a policy of strategic engagement with the Mekong region and Southeast Asia generally.
But because Myanmar's path to prosperity is not the same as that of China or Vietnam, the path has still to be designed. The government produced a long-awaited 12-point economic plan last year, but has yet to follow up with much detail. A road map for tackling the challenges and opportunities that flow from automation might be one way to get ahead of the curve, before it becomes too late.
Says ILO's Chang: “It's really about how Myanmar gets up the next step and moves forward from infrastructure development. And that's not going to be via the labor-intensive sectors that most other countries have developed and gone through. Nobody is yet clear what that's going to be.”
NEW YORK (AP) — New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio: "This was an attempted terrorist attack"
8/21 Men's Conference at Main Street 6:30 pm -Rev Todd Stinnett speaker – $10 person – tickets available at 426-2184 or come to the Church Office
9/5 – Zumba exercise class at 6 pm at MSBC Family Life Center. $5/class – teacher Lisa Kitts Styke. – Everyone Welcome
9/7 – Painting with a Purpose at Painting with a Twist – Powell, TN – $35/person – Normally $55/person – only 55 slots to fill – call the Church Office at 426-2184 to schedule your spot
9/8-9 Yard Sale in MSBC parking lot $10/space for 2 days and $5 for additional spot. Schedule through the Church Office at 426-2184
9/16 – 7 am to 12 Noon – Free Auto oil change for single ladies who need the help, It must be your own auto – No trucks/diesel vehicles – BY APPOINTMENT ONLY – Call 310-1024
9/16 – 8 am to 12 Noon – Free Car Wash – Main Street Baptist Church Parking Lot – ABSOLUTELY FREE – NO GIMMICKS
9/18 – Women's Conference with Ashley Shepherd. Everyone Welcome – Cost $10/person – $80/table 5:30 pm meet and greet/ 6:30 pm meal – Call the Church Office at 426-2184 for tickets
Canyon clinched a share of the Crestview League championship with a 60-57 road win over Foothill on Friday.
The Comanches, 24-2 overall and 4-0 in league, were led by AJ Perry's 20 points. Canyon is No. 1 in the CIF-Southern Section Division 2-AA rankings and is No. 4 in the Orange County media poll.
Also in the Crestview League:
Esperanza 64, Yorba Linda 56: Brendan Harrick scored 19 points for the victorious Aztecs (16-9, 2-2) at home.
In the Golden West League:
Ocean View 87, Westminster 72: Paul Head scored 40 points with nine 3-pointers for the host Seahawks (21-4, 8-0) as they clinched a share of the league championship.
In the Orange Coast League:
No. 6 Laguna Beach 60, Costa Mesa 40: Blake Burzell scored 23 points as the visiting Breakers (23-3, 8-0) clinched a share of the league title.
In the Nike Extravaganza:
No. 7 Saddleback Valley Christian 62, Servite 55: Jordan Taylor scored 16 points and Jonah Tolmarie scored 14 points with six assists for the Warriors (20-4) in the first day of the two-day showcase at Mater Dei. Saddleback Valley Christian coach Tom Lewis was not at the game and has missed some other recent games as they tend to a family illness.
The Nike Extravaganza continues today with nine games. Go to MaterDeiAthletics.org for schedule and tickets information.
Haoxiang Luo, who specializes in computational modeling of fluid-structure interaction for biological systems, brought some of those cicadas back to their computational flow physics and engineering laboratory and created a model of their wing movements. Luo, an associate professor of mechanical engineering and otolaryngology, has made similar models of the aerodynamics of a hummingbird's wing and the hemodynamics of blood as it interacts with heart valves, among other fluid flow systems.
Their VUMC collaborator, Bernard Rousseau, associate vice chair for research in otolaryngology and associate professor of otolaryngology, hearing and speech sciences and mechanical engineering, found similarities in the way the cicada wings moved and the movement of human vocal folds, leading them to wonder how the model might be used to improve surgical techniques for paralyzed vocal folds.
The culminated in the National Institutes of Health awarding a five-year, $2.4 million research grant to a multidisciplinary Vanderbilt team to design a software tool to help surgeons develop more precise surgery plans for the most common surgical intervention for unilateral vocal fold paralysis, type 1 laryngoplasty. Rousseau is the principal investigator of the multidisciplinary team, which includes Luo and Dr. Gaelyn Garrett, professor and vice chair of otolaryngology.
Vocal folds are located on both sides of the larynx and must come together and vibrate to produce sound. The study is focusing on unilateral vocal fold paralysis, which is when one of the vocal folds fails to close completely against the other.
People with the condition have a hoarse voice and require more effort to produce sound. They often experience vocal fatigue and become winded during everyday activities. Such issues can seriously impact quality of life, leading to loss of productivity at work and long-term disability.
Type 1 laryngoplasty involves stabilizing the paralyzed vocal fold with a small implant that helps a person produce voice and also breathe more easily. Patients, who are alert and under local anesthesia during surgery, may be asked to sing “Happy Birthday” during the procedure to determine whether the implant was placed correctly.
The challenge for surgeons is that every patient's anatomy is unique – one patient may have smaller cartilage, while another's soft tissue may be less elastic. This makes it challenging for even a very skilled surgeon to determine the optimal size, shape and placement of the implant for a specific patient. As a result, some type 1 laryngoplasty patients need to have their implants adjusted.
“Currently, this surgery depends on recreating a three-dimensional structure with only two-dimensional data,” said Garrett, who is also senior executive medical director of the Vanderbilt Voice Center. “The symmetry of vibration provided by the new 3D planned, patient-specific implant should give more consistent and optimal voice outcomes.”
The surgical planning tool that Luo and Rousseau plan to develop could help surgeons develop customized implants for each patient.
“By simulating the dynamics of glottal airflow, the mechanics of the vocal fold tissue, and their interaction after incorporating a surgically placed implant, the computer software will predict how the implant will affect the vibration prior to the surgery,” said Luo. “It will also help figure out the optimal parameters of the implant such as its shape, size and placement in the voice box.”
“We hope this pre-operative planning tool will improve not just the outcomes of this particular procedure for the surgeon, but also reduce the overall costs associated with the procedure and operative time needed to complete the procedure, leading to improved surgical precision and efficiency in the operating room,” Rousseau said.
FSI modeling for biological systems, such as cicada wings or vocal folds, is challenging and has not been extensively explored. “Vocal folds are extremely delicate tissue, and the glottal airflow when we speak produces considerable vortices, or swirls, that are hard to describe mathematically or to capture in a computer simulation,” said Luo. “We had to design high-fidelity and yet efficient computational tools to simulate the vocal folds and airflow.”
Rousseau, Luo and colleagues are building on findings they published in 2014 in the Journal of Computational Physics that show Luo's numerical method is versatile and is well-suited for modeling a range of biological FSI systems, including structures that have both stiff and pliable layers, such as the vocal fold.
The researchers say they eventually hope to use computer modeling and 3D printing to help surgeons customize implants for each patient.
“Our goal by the end of the five-year project is to have a model that is ready to be used for the translational milestones of this research,” Rousseau said.
Ron Eavey, Guy M. Maness professor, chair of otolaryngology and director of the Vanderbilt Bill Wilkerson Center, praised the research.
“Talented and creative individuals, when incubated together in a rich environment such as VISE, can devise some really wicked cool ideas to assist patients,” they said.
TAIPEI (Taiwan News) -- A Haitian man who is currently studying in Taiwan has invented a school bag which can provide light for reading and power to charge mobile phones generated from a built-in solar panel.
Mike Bellot, 26, who came to Taiwan four years ago to study global politics and international trade at Tamkang University, is set to launch what they call "Solo Bag," a bag powered by solar energy that they believe will affect the lives and the future of 1.2 billion people who are living without access to electricity in developing countries.
Bellot and fellow Haitian Torcel Wendianne were inspired to invent the bag after the tragic death of their close cousin due to a fire caused by a candle used for light in their native Haiti. Their cousin had been studying to be a doctor, but like 63 percent of the population in Haiti who lack regular access to electricity, they were forced to read by candlelight, and after having nodded off during a late study session, the untended candle started a massive fire which consumed the home and killed their cousin in the process.
Because the tragedy hit so close to home, Bellot is very passionate about not only bringing this product to their native Haiti, but also to the 1.2 billion people or 16 percent of the world's population who do not have access to electricity, according to the International Energy Agency in 2016.
According to Bellot, Solo Bag comes with a solar panel, an integrated battery, and an integrated LED lamp, enabling students who do not have access to electricity to safely and cost-effectively study and do homework during the night. The bag also provides enough energy for a family to charge mobile phones, tablets, and other electronic devices. The bag can store enough energy from one hour of exposure to the sun for six hours of light and charge two mobile phones
To launch the product, they plan to launch a startup company called Solo Haiti and display the Solo Bags in an independent showroom during an event in Haiti and get immediate feedback from the buyers and retailers. After showcasing it, they will begin to take pre-orders and make it available also online for buyers outside the country.
(Image by Mike Bellot)
Israel, which controls access to the Palestinian territories, regularly closes them off during Jewish holidays, citing security fears (AFP Photo/AHMAD GHARABLI)
Jerusalem (AFP) - Israel on Friday decided to ease restrictions on Palestinians entering during the Jewish Sukkot holiday, which began Wednesday, the army said.
On Tuesday, the army said crossings from the West Bank and Gaza into Israel would be closed to Palestinians for 11 days until midnight on October 14.
But on Friday they decided those with pre-existing work permits would be allowed in "according to the needs of the market", an army spokesperson told AFP.
The decision applies to Palestinians working in agriculture and hospitals, according to media reports.
Tens of thousands of Palestinians work inside Israel, where they can find higher salaries.
Israel, which controls access to the Palestinian territories, regularly closes them off during Jewish holidays, citing security fears.
But the closure announced Tuesday was unusual in its length.
Israeli media saw it as a reaction to a September 26 attack at the entrance of a West Bank settlement in which three people were killed.
The Palestinian attacker, who was shot dead, had a permit to work inside the settlement and the incident raised fear of attacks during the holiday period.
Sukkot, which continues until October 12, commemorates the Jewish journey through the Sinai after their exodus from Egypt. This year, it is followed by a weekend.
The holiday sees thousands of worshippers head to the Wailing Wall, one of the holiest sites for Jews in the Old City of Jerusalem, to pray.
The location is close to Islam's third holiest site, the Haram al-Sharif compound, known to the Jews as the Temple Mount, which was the focus of angry protests in July after Israeli forces limited access over the killing of two police officers.
FILE - In this June 13, 2017, file photo, Seattle Seahawks defensive end Michael Bennett walks off the field following NFL football practice in Renton, Wash. Bennett says they will sit during the national anthem this season to protest social injustice and segregation. Bennett sat on the visiting bench during "The Star-Spangled Banner" on Sunday, Aug. 13, 2017, before the Seahawks' preseason opener against the Los Angeles Chargers, a decision they made prior to protests by white supremacists at the University of Virginia over the weekend. But what happened in Charlottesville, Virginia, including the death of a young woman when they were struck by a car deliberately driven into a group of counter-protesters on Saturday, solidified Bennett's decision. (AP Photo/Ted S. Warren, File)
CARSON, California (AP) — Seattle Seahawks defensive end Michael Bennett plans to sit during the national anthem this season to protest social injustice — and expects a backlash over an issue that is "bigger than a sport."
They sat on the visiting bench during "The Star-Spangled Banner" before a preseason opener against the Los Angeles Chargers, a decision they made before weekend protests by white supremacists at the University of Virginia.
The violence in Charlottesville, Virginia, including the death of a young woman struck by a car deliberately driven into a group of counter-protesters Saturday, solidified Bennett's decision.
"With everything that's been going on the last couple of months and especially after the last couple of days, seeing everything in Virginia, seeing what's going on out there earlier today in Seattle, I just wanted to be able to use my platform to be able to continue to speak over injustice," Bennett said.
"First of all, I want people to understand I love the military. My father was in the military. I love hot dogs like any other American. I love football like any other American, but I don't love segregation," they added. "I don't love riots. I don't love oppression. I don't love to gender slander. I just want to see people have the equality that they deserve, and I want to be able to use this platform to continuously push the message of that, you know, and keep journeying out and keep finding out how unselfish can we be as a society."
Bennett was at least the third prominent NFL player to protest during the anthem in the first full week of preseason games. Oakland Raiders running back Marshawn Lynch, a former teammate of Bennett's in Seattle, also sat. Los Angeles Rams defensive end Robert Quinn raised their right fist, continuing their approach from last season following then-San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick's decision to kneel during the anthem.
Kaepernick is a free agent, and the fallout from their protest has not abated, even as they remain unsigned.
Bennett is willing to deal with similar consequences.
"Of course, I'm going to face backlash," they said. "This is bigger than me. This is bigger than football. This is bigger than anything that we have. This is about people. This is about bringing opportunities to people, giving people equality. This is bigger than a sport."
Bennett said they had spoken with several other NFL players about possible protests, but had not talked with Lynch yet. While they acknowledged the possibility of more widespread and organized protests, Bennett wanted to express himself.
"I think everybody has a time where they feel like they need to be who they are and stand up for what they believe in," Bennett said.
Seahawks coach Pete Carroll did not have a response to Bennett's actions, saying they became aware of it only after the game.
Bennett said the aim of their protest is to make people uncomfortable. In the process, they hope to spur greater communication, understanding and involvement across racial, gender and socio-economic lines.
"Everyone is in their comfort zone right now," Bennett said. "Get out there and become uncomfortable. Go out there and see what it's like out there in society right now."
Although they had been married for over a decade, an Oklahoma husband made their wife fall in love with them again after they suffered from a form of amnesia that made them forget all their memories together.
Jaff Hartung and Angela Sartin-Hartung met at church in 2000 and got married just one year later.
In 2013, after 12 years of marriage, Sartin-Hartung was struck by a car and suffered an acute traumatic brain injury.
“ ” They didn't know who I was
ABC News
"The pictures I have seen show my face went through the windshield," Sartin-Hartung said.
"She was crossing the street," their husband said. "It was twilight and they didn't see them ... they didn't see them and they were struck, full speed."
As a result of the tragic accident, all of Sartin-Hartung's memories of their husband vanished. Doctors told the couple that they would likely never get those memories back.
"Angela's having very extensive retrograde amnesia," Dr. Kirk Lercher, a doctor at Mount Sinai Health System in New York who helped treat Sartin-Hartung, said of their condition. "She ... lost a giant chunk of a period of their life."
Upon waking up from a medically induced coma, Sartin-Hartung thought they were still married to their first husband, who passed away in 1998. They also thought that their teenage children were still toddlers and that their parents were still alive.
"Those were sad, confusing moments for her," Hartung recalled.
Sarting-Hartung added that they are especially sad that "I don't remember raising the children."
ABC News
Although Hartung waited by their side every day at the hospital, Sartin-Hartung did not recognize their husband when they woke up.
"She would look at me and ask me why I was in the room," Hartung recalled of their time in the hospital. "She just learned to trust because I was there every day, all day ... I was there more than the doctor.
"She actually thought I was the doctor at one point," Hartung added.
ABC News
ABC News
Lercher said that "to this day, the staff still remembers very fondly their interactions with Angela."
Despite their wife's memory loss, Hartung chose to look on the bright side, saying, "The situation could have been way worse."
"She was able to see and talk," they said. "She didn't know who I was, but we worked through that."
Wooing their wife with retrograde amnesia
Hartung said they stopped at nothing to make their wife fall in love with them again, saying they would go on "memory walks in the city."
“We would remember these things,” they said. “It was fun to go into different places, we would walk down the street and they would recall a store, so we would go into the store.
“We did that over and over again for months," they added. "And just enjoyed spending that time together for us, building that relationship.”
Despite being married for 12 years, Hartung said, "I felt like I was dating them all over again."
"Everything is a date," they said. "We would go to the grocery store and it's like a date."
"It is fun dating again," Sartin- Hartung added. "He's just an awesome man."
A wedding 'redo' this summer
Sartin-Hartung said, however, that they don't have any "memory of getting married 17 years ago."
Them husband added, "She sees the pictures that we have, and they think about what we may have gone through."
"I finally realized that, you know what we need? To redo our wedding and give them that memory," they said. "Now they get to do it all over again and remember that, that'll be ours."
Sartin-Hartung said what they are most looking forward to about the wedding is "just spending that time with Jeff" and "reconnecting with Jeff.”
The couple plans to renew their vows this summer in a ceremony at Central Park.
WBOC-TV launched Telemundo Delmarvathis week
“Telemundo is the industry leader for high-quality Spanish- language content in theU.S. and worldwide,” stated Craig Jahelka, president of Draper Media. “We are proud topartner with Telemundo to provide a vast array of Telemundo programming toDelmarva's underserved Hispanic audience.”
Telemundo programming features original scripted and non-scripted productions,theatrical motion pictures, specials, news, FIFA World Cup through 2026 and the Summer Olympic Games through 2032.
Jahelka said the new WBOC-LD television station is licensed to Georgetown and will be available free, over the air in high definition on 42.1.
Advertisement
“We hope the cable companies here on Delmarva will soon agree to carryTelemundo Delmarva,” Jahelka said. “We want to ultimately serve all of theHispanic viewers on Delmarva.”
Telemundo featuresoriginal scripted dramas from Telemundo Studios – a major producer of Spanish languageprimetime content – as well as non-scripted productions, theatrical motionpictures, specials, news and first-class sports events, reaching 94 percent of U.S. Hispanicviewers in 210 markets through its 17 owned stations and 55 broadcast affiliates.
Telemundo is part of NBCUniversal Telemundo Enterprises, a division of
NBCUniversal. NBCUniversal is a subsidiary of Comcast Corporation.
Northern Delaware is served by a Telmundo station that is part of NBCUniversal and its Philadelphia News 10 operation.
Locally owned Draper Media is comprised of WBOC-TV, FOX21, WBOC Classics, Telemundo 42, and 102.5 WBOC-FM. Its main studios are in Salisbury, MD, but has satellite studies in Milton and Dover.
Share this: Print
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Google
Three Anaheim residents and a Chino man are among seven defendants facing bribery allegations tied to a Nevada nonprofit created to deal with the national housing foreclosure crisis.
According to an indictment unsealed this week at a federal courthouse in Las Vegas, Anaheim residents Benjamin Stuelke, 35, Michelle Acosta, 33, and Art Acosta, 55, are facing fourteen felony counts, including conspiracy and bribery concerning programs receiving federal funds.
The indictment centers on the National Community Stabilization Trust, a Nevada-based nonprofit created in 2008. Sergio Barajas, 50, of Chino, served as director of community development for the nonprofit and was tasked with helping oversee more than $10,000 in federal grants the organization received each fiscal year between October 2010 and September 2015.
Federal prosecutors allege Stuelke, Art Acosta and other co-defendants paid Barajas more than $300,000. In return, the indictment alleges, they received hundreds of foreclosed homes and made millions from reselling the residences. Investigators allege Michelle Acosta with Art Acosta were part of concealing payments to Barajas.
The indictment comes after an investigation by the Office of the Inspector General for the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development.
Jennifer Thompson's nightmarish experience as a crime victim became even more traumatic when they realized that their mistaken identification had convicted the wrong man.
When Jennifer was a 22-year-old college student, an intruder raped them at knife-point in their own apartment. “I was able to escape and they chased me, but a neighbor saved my life.” Jennifer helped police create a composite sketch of their assailant, and a tipster identified it as the likeness of a local man, Ronald Cotton.
Ronald was arrested, and Jennifer was able to pick them out of both photographic and in-person lineups. They were tried and convicted of all charges.
Watch: Healing the Pain of Wrong Conviction
Eleven years later, the original investigator visited Jennifer and told them that there was a new procedure known as post-conviction testing. Jennifer willingly gave a blood sample “Because I wanted to know the truth. And I thought the truth was that Ronald Cotton had indeed raped me.”
But three months afterward, the investigator told Jennifer that Ronald had not raped them – the DNA in their rape kit matched that of another man, Bobby Poole, who was currently in the same prison as Ronald Cotton. “While Ronald Cotton was in prison, Bobby Poole raped six more women,” says Jennifer.
They add, "I realized that you can compensate people all day long, but you can't heal the harm. You can't unbreak a broken heart.”
Jennifer explains that we've learned a great deal about how human memory can fail, especially in traumatic situations. “I got a good look at the perpetrator, but then when questions get asked of the witness or the victim, things can get planted into your mind that change your original memory," they say. “It's not intentional. It's not malicious. But it happens all the time.”
Watch: How Wrongful Convictions Happen
Now Jennifer and Ronald are best friends. Two years after they were exonerated, Jennifer asked for a meeting with them and told them how sorry they are. “He immediately started to cry with me and told me that they aren't angry. They had forgiven me years ago. It was from that mutual place of harm that we could begin to heal. I love him!”
Jennifer has found an organization, Healing Justice, which brings harmed parties together to share their stories. Ronald regularly comes to Healing Justice retreats.
Apparently, it's never too early to launch a strike in the Los Angeles Lakers' Troll Wars. On Monday, ahead of a game against the Indiana Pacers at Bankers Life Fieldhouse, rookie Kyle Kuzma stretched the boundaries of battle into breakfast.
Kuz hopped on Instagram to capture Zo using a napkin as a plate, while the 20-year-old point guard used a proper plate to eat their bacon and eggs.
“This dude ain't got no house manners,” Kuzma lamented.
The Crown Prince of Chino Hills protested, going so far as to bang on their plate to prove Kuzma wrong. Kyle, meanwhile, kept trying to show Lonzo that they should grab another for their waffle.
“Yo, what is wrong with you?” Kuz wondered. “This dude is, you're sick”
With 47 NBA games under their belt, Ball is now a Rookie In Name Only. But as far as their table manners are concerned, the kid still has a lot to learn.
LONDON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 24, 2018-- market research analysts forecast the to grow at a CAGR of close to 8% during the period 2018-2022, according to their latest report.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424006432/en/
Technavio has published a new market research report on the global metal forming and press tending robots market from 2018-2022. (Graphic: Business Wire)
In this report, Technavio highlights the improvement in robotic system integration services as one of the key emerging trends in the . By capitalizing on technological improvements such as the Internet of Things and software platforms, system integrators are taking initiatives to innovate the delivery of services. Software solutions are increasingly being incorporated for the improvement in commissioning and programming of industrial robots, along with trends such as virtual commissioning and offline programming expected to gain traction over the forecast period. These include solutions offered by key players to improve the efficiency of press tending robots.
This report is available at a USD 1,000 discount for a limited time only:
Save more with Technavio. Buy2 reports and get the third for FREE:
In this report, Technavio analysts highlight the advantages over automated equipment as a key factor contributing to the growth of the global metal forming and press tending robots market:
Advantages over automated equipment
Over the past few years, there has been an increase in the adoption of metal forming and press tending robots owing to their ability to work under extreme conditions and give relatively better results than automated equipment used for metal forming and press tending applications. Players in the market have introduced robots that can be easily synchronized with industrial stamping presses and are increasingly being adopted for material handling processes that require parts to be tilted, rotated, and flipped.
According to a senior analyst at Technavio for , “Robots have a better ability than conventional automated equipment to handle metal and alloys that are hard and have high tensile strength and are challenging to deform by denting, perforation, or shearing.”
Looking for more information on this market?
Technavio's sample reports are free of charge and contain multiple sections of the report such as the market size and forecast, drivers, challenges, trends, and more.
Global metal forming and press tending robots market – segmentation analysis
This market research report segments the global metal forming and press tending robots market into the following end-users, including metal industry, automotive industry, and aerospace and defense industries and key regions, including the Americas, APAC, and EMEA.
APAC was the leading region for the in 2017, accounting for a market share of nearly 55%. In APAC, the accelerated growth in the automotive industry and increased automation for metal fabrication and foundry applications is driving growth. Technologies such as metal forming and press tending robots are expected to be adopted in this region due to their ability to deliver smooth and continuous production of high-quality metal parts with minimal material wastage. By 2022, APAC is expected to continue dominating the market and register the highest growth rate.
About Technavio
is a leading global technology research and advisory company. Their research and analysis focuses on emerging market trends and provides actionable insights to help businesses identify market opportunities and develop effective strategies to optimize their market positions.
With over 500 specialized analysts, Technavio's report library consists of more than 10,000 reports and counting, covering 800 technologies, spanning across 50 countries. Their client base consists of enterprises of all sizes, including more than 100 Fortune 500 companies. This growing client base relies on Technavio's comprehensive coverage, extensive research, and actionable market insights to identify opportunities in existing and potential markets and assess their competitive positions within changing market scenarios.
If you are interested in more information, please contact our media team at .
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424006432/en/
CONTACT: Technavio Research
Jesse Maida
Media & Marketing Executive
US: +1 844 364 1100
UK: +44 203 893 3200
www.technavio.com
KEYWORD:
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: MANUFACTURING ENGINEERING STEEL
SOURCE: Technavio Research
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/24/2018 03:01 PM/DISC: 04/24/2018 03:01 PM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424006432/en
.LAS VEGAS (AP) – Floyd Mayweather Jr. said Wednesday they will come out of retirement to face UFC star Conor McGregor in a boxing match on Aug. 26. Mayweather, who retired in September 2015 after winning all 49 of their pro fights, will face a mixed martial arts fighter who has never been in a scheduled 12-round fight at the MGM Grand arena.
The fight will take place in a boxing ring and be governed by boxing rules. Mayweather said “it's official” on their Instagram account next to a picture of both fighters. McGregor tweeted “THE FIGHT IS ON” several minutes earlier, posting a picture of themselves next to one of Mayweather's father, Floyd Sr. Mayweather will fight at the relatively advanced age of 41 in a bout that McGregor has been pushing for months.
It finally came together over the last few days, and Nevada boxing officials on Wednesday approved the date for a Mayweather Promotions bout.
CBS 2Watch CBS2 News, CBS This Morning, Dr. Phil, Judge Judy, 60 Minutes, NFL football, and your favorite CBS shows. Latest Videos Eye On New York Dining Deals Tony's Table Links & Numbers Station Info & […]
WCBS 880WCBS Newsradio 880 is one of the tri-state's most trusted sources for news and information. As a market leading news resource since 1967, WCBS reaches millions of listeners each week and boasts one of the […]
1010 WINS1010 WINS invented all news radio and is the longest-running all news station in the country. For 50 years, 1010 WINS has been a news and information utility for the New York metropolitan area. Famous […]
WFANAs the world's first 24-hour all-sports radio station, WFAN remains the premier sports talk radio station in the business. Since its debut on July 1, 1987, dozens of stations have copied the all sports format, […]
WLNYProgram Schedule Channel Guide WLNY TV 10/55 is part of the CBS Television Stations group, a division of CBS Corp. and one of the largest network-owned station groups in the country. Got a nose for […]
From France to London and New York to Ohio, vehicle attacks are increasingly a popular method used to carry out attacks by mass killers and terrorists.
The most recent attack occurred in Toronto on Tuesday afternoon. The suspect: 25-year-old Alek Minassian from the Toronto area. They appeared to be suicidal and neighbors described them as a loner and not social at all, sources told ABC News.
Canadian authorities are not only searching Minassian's home, they are also looking at their social media footprint. U.S. Intelligence officials are also checking to see if there were any red flags.
Law enforcement sources say that vehicle attacks are becoming a preferred method of assault.
"Get a weapon that's easy to acquire and go to a place where a lot of people are congregating and that is the recipe," John Cohen, ABC News Contributor, and former counter-terrorism coordinator at the Department of Homeland Security said. "That's the recipe that's being used by people who are conducting attacks on behalf of a terrorist cause, but that's the same recipe that's being used by individuals because of some perceived grievance [they] decide they want to go commit mass murder and that's the challenge facing law enforcement. It's not just a terrorism issue, it's a broader issue of mass casualty attacks."
Since 2016, more than 14 such incidents have killed more than 100 people and injured more than 500 around the world, according to an ABC News review of the incidents.
Mohammed Taheri-Azar drove a car into an area of students in 2006 at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill (UNC-Chapel Hill), injuring nine. The suspect was sentenced to 33 years in prison.
ISIS and other terrorist groups have repeatedly called for these types of attacks. In 2010, an ISIS propaganda magazine touted trucks as a "mowing machine" to attack Westerners, and four years later an ISIS spokesperson suggested that followers could “run them over with your car.”
Since the UNC-Chapel Hill incident, there has been a sharp uptick in the attacks.
Just two years ago in Nice, France, 84 people, including numerous children, died after a terrorist plowed a truck loaded with explosives into a large crowd during Bastille Day celebrations. The assault left an "apocalyptic" scene, according to eyewitnesses of the attack.
That same year at Ohio State University, one person died and 13 were injured after a man rammed their car into a university courtyard, striking pedestrians. They then got out of the car with a butcher knife and started attacking bystanders.
In 2017, a 27-year-old Ohio man, James Fields Jr., drove their car into a crowd of people protesting to Unite the Right rally in Charlottesville, Virginia, killing one woman and injuring more than 35 others.
Months later, in New York City, the FBI charged a 29-year-old old man from Uzbekistan with providing material support for a terrorist organization after they allegedly killed eight people by ramming a rented truck into a city bike path.
Federal, state and local Homeland Security officials have been warning of vehicle attacks for many years. Earlier this year, the New York Police Department installed barriers in certain parts of the city after the deadly attack last year.
"It's nearly impossible to protect every soft target," Cohen said. "Groups like ISIS and al-Qaeda have changed the way they've inspired people to commit attacks."
Places like concerts, sporting events, and public spaces have a lot of people in them, so by over securing them, they don't serve their intended purpose, thus making public spaces difficult to secure.
Even the Transportation Security Administration (TSA) warned trucking agencies last year about the threat of a vehicle attack. The report called for drivers to be aware of suspicious activities and having cities install vehicle barriers around large gatherings.
"They are urging the followers to go to soft targets, places that are open to the public," Cohen continued, "typically crowded and because of what they are -- they are very difficult to secure."
Farmville residents gathered Sunday for a prayer service following the tragic events in Charlottesville. The prayer servic ewas held in downtown Farmville, at the town's caboose near Main Street Plaza at High Bridge Trail. The event was organized by Farmville Mayor David Whitus and the pastor of Farmville United Methodist Church. One person was killed and several others were wounded when a driver plowed through a protest in downtown Charlottesville Saturday. Two police officers were then killed while helping with the law enforcement response to the protests when a helicopter crashed. No foul play is suspected in the helicopter crash. The violence took place Saturday when hundreds of protesters from a white supremicist group of neo-Nazis and KKK members gathered and fought with counterprotesters.
Police chief Director General Ronald “Bato” dela Rosa had a piece advice to employees of the Bureau of Customs: Having a good name is better than gaining wealth the dirty way.
Dela Rosa shared the message during the bureau's flagraising in Manila on Monday.
“Kapag kausap ko ang mga pulis … sinasabi ko sa kanila: ‘Wag na ‘wag kayo magpapasilaw sa pera,” they said. “Yang pera, kapag kayo namatay, hindi n'yo madadala sa langit.” (When I talk to police officers … I tell them: Don't be blinded by money. You can't take money to heaven)
ADVERTISEMENT
They added, “'Yang mga nabili n'yong bahay, magagandang sasakyan, pera n'yo kahit gaano karami, hindi niyo madadala. Pero yang pangalan n'yo bilang malinis na opisyal, malinis na pulis, that will go on forever,” they said. (The house that you bought, the nice cars, the money—no matter how much—you can't take with you. But the clean name of a good official, a good lawman, will go on forever)
A good reputation in the service will benefit a public servant's children, grandchildren and their future generations, Dela Rosa said.
“Sasabihin nila: ‘Apo ka pala ni police ganito, ni major, o captain ganito, napakasipag niyan,'” they added. (People will say: You're the grandchild of this police officer, or this major, or this captain. They were very good)
“Pero pag ikaw naging corrupt: ‘Napaka-corrupt ng tatay mong pulis.' Kawawa ang future generations mo,” the police chief said. (But if you are corrupt: [People will say] ‘You're father was so corrupt.')
Dela Rosa urged Customs employees to not allow themselves to be influenced by their corrupt colleagues.
They said it was “high time” for government employees to do their best because they had the “rare opportunity” to be led by a leader like President Rodrigo Duterte who is “very determined” to weed out corruption, criminality and drugs in the country. CBB/rga
16:46 Reported News Briefs Kislev 23, 5778 , 11/12/17 Kislev 23, 5778 , 11/12/17 New York mayor: The terrorists won't win Mayor Bill de Blasio said police would extend their presence to secure the city. Repeating the phrase "Thank G-d" for a number of reasons in response to the bombing at the Port Authority, they concluded, "The terrorists will not win." ► ◄ Last Briefs
KUALA LUMPUR, Malaysia (AP) — Chinese Super League clubs may have reined in the massive spending that made headlines in recent years in the 2018 winter transfer window, but the country's leading clubs still have ambitions to win the 2018 Asian Champions League that begins Feb. 12.
Guangzhou Evergrande has refrained from making an expensive signing from Europe, reiterating its target to field an all-Chinese team by 2020. It is still a realistic contender for the 2018 Champions League title, however, to add to its wins in 2013 and 2015.
"The club has a proud record in Asia," said coach Fabio Cannavaro after replacing Luiz Felipe Scolari as head coach of the team that has won the last seven Chinese Super League titles. "We know that it will not be easy but are looking forward to testing ourselves against the best teams in Asia."
Guangzhou will take on Cerezo Osaka of Japan, South Korea's Jeju United and Buriram United of Thailand, Southeast Asia's sole representative, in Group G.
Only the top two from each of the eight groups of four, which are split into two geographic zones in the east and west of the continent, progress to the knockout stage.
Shanghai SIPG made the semifinal in 2017 and then saw boss Andre Villas-Boas depart in November. Star players Oscar and Hulk, both signed in 2016 at a combined cost of over $100 million, remain.Both will be key in a group containing Melbourne Victory of Australia and South Korea's Ulsan Horangi.
"We know we have to improve in the group," Oscar said after Shanghai defeated Changrai United of Thailand in a Jan. 30 playoff to move into the group stage. "We will be playing against some of the best in Asia, but we have experience in the tournament now and that will help us."
Shanghai also faces Kawasaki Frontale. The Japanese champions are the country's biggest hope after Urawa Reds, Asian Champions last year, failed to qualify for the 2018 edition.
Tianjin Quanjian is making a debut appearance and with international stars such as Belgian international Axel Witsel, Alexandre Pato of Brazil and France's Anthony Modeste, the team has a chance with new coach Paulo Sousa.
"It is great inspiration for Chinese football because there will be a new Chinese team playing in the Asian Champions League," said Sousa, who succeeded Cannavaro as head coach in December. "We have the faith to continue our journey successfully, to overcome every opponent and go further."
Tianjin will face Jeonbuk Motors. South Korea's No. 1 cub won the 2016 tournament but was barred from defending its title last year after a club scout was found guilty of bribing referees in the K-League in 2013.
The Australian challenge will be headed by Sydney FC, which qualified for the competition by dominating the 2016-17 A-League season. The Sky Blues are in first place so far this season.
Preparation for the western half of the group stage has been overshadowed by the blockade of Qatar, instigated by four countries in the region in June 2017.
On Jan. 26, the Asian Football Confederation instructed teams from Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates, two countries involved in the blockade, to play Qatari opposition home and away and not, as requested, at neutral venues.
West Asian teams have won just one Champions League title since 2005, with the eastern half of the continent dominating.
Transcript for SPECIAL REPORT: Trump condemns hate groups after backlash to Charlottesville remarks
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
MasterChef contestant and Lipan resident Mike Newton serve up chicken fried steak with salad, mashed potatoes and gravy at Saturday's grand opening and benefit for the Lipan Community Food Pantry at Lipan's First Baptist Church. Pictured with Tobi Woods of the Lipan Community Food Pantry, Newton beat out dozens of contenders to be among 20 home cooks featured on the hit TV show MasterChef, which airs on Fox (Channel 4). Mary Vinson/Hood County News
LAHORE, Pakistan (AP) — Officials say the death toll from two days of heavy monsoon rains in eastern Pakistan has risen to 15.
The heaviest rains seen in Lahore since 1980 continued into Wednesday, flooding streets and causing some residents to join small demonstrations against local authorities.
Rescue officials and police confirmed the death toll, saying most deaths were caused by electrocution and homes caving in.
Pakistan has long struggled to cope with the annual monsoon rains, which trigger flash floods and mud slides that destroy homes.
Subscribe on YouTube
What happens when you cross a drone with a lightning bolt? In an experiment that would probably make Benjamin Franklin both proud and a bit jealous, the University of Manchester's High Voltage Laboratory and YouTuber Tom Scott decided to experiment with electricity and a DJI Phantom 3 drone. Not only did the drone instantly fall out of the sky, but a second attempt to direct the strike with a lightning rod actually made the quadcopter worse off.
The experiment uses the University of Manchester's High Voltage Lab with a 2 MV impulse generator to conjure up a lightning strike on demand. University staff VDr. Vidyadhar Peesapati and Dr. Richard Gardner set up the lab to create a lightning strike rated at more than 1 million volts of electricity.
For the first experiment, the drone was tethered to keep it in place but otherwise flew like the Phantom would be used under normal conditions. Lightning strikes and the drone instantly drops from the sky. There is no visible damage to the exterior but the team said that all of the internal electronics were fried since the electricity took the path of the least resistance. In slow motion, you can watch the lightning enter one end of the drone and shoot out of the bottom.
But what if the drones was a bit more protected, perhaps with a lightning rod to divert the brunt of the damage away from the quadcopter? The team rigged a second drone with a piece of conductive copper tape as a sort of makeshift lightning rod, becoming one of the tallest points on the drone.
They reset the lightning machine, zapped the new drone — and the propellers blew completely off. While the first experiment only damaged the drone on the inside, instead of taking to the copper tape, the lightning favored the propellers. The group said the sheer force of the strike took the propellers off before taking a path through the drone's internal circuits, leaving the second “protected” version worse for wear.
While the experiment is incredible to watch, it also carries scientific significance. The group says that similar research has led to changes in piloted airplane design but little has been done to see how the unmanned aerial vehicles fare in a lighting storm. Small drones typically don't fly in storms because the wind seriously drains the already short battery life, but as waterproof variations begin popping up, drone flight becomes less of a fair weather activity.
The team's recommendation? Keep drones grounded during lightning storms if you don't want a few thousand dollars worth of equipment to go up in one zap.
Watch TV shows, movies and more on Yahoo View, available now on iOS and Android.
20 years after Princess Diana died in a car crash in Paris, their youngest son recalled the toll it took on him, and how their brother pushed them to get help.
NBC Nightly News More
NBC Nightly News
Watch "NBC Nightly News with Lester Holt," providing reports and analysis of the day's most newsworthy national and international events.
ROME (AP) — Italians fed up with the country's lousy postal service may now have found a culprit: Police say they discovered nearly a half-ton of undelivered mail in a rogue mail carrier's garage.
The postal police said the 573-kilogram stash in the Vicenza home of the 56-year-old mail carrier was the biggest seizure of mail ever undertaken in Italy.
The missing mail had been collecting for the past eight years and included utility bills, bank statements, old phone books and political propaganda mailings from the 2010 regional elections.
Police were tipped off when volunteers from a recycling center reported receiving 25 big yellow containers from the postal service, with mail still inside. The postal police say the mail will now be delivered to its rightful owners, a few years late.
Transcript for A multi-state manhunt continues for the man who shot a senior citizen and posted the video live on Facebook
after the holiday. We begin tonight with that urgent man hunt now going nationwide. The suspected killer who then posted their killing on Facebook. Authorities said took this video. Walked up to an elderly man, a perfect stranger. There are more victims. Tonight, U.S. Marshals and the FBI are now joining the hunt. After foug focusing on a handful of states tonight, tonight the search is now nationwide. ABC's Alex Perez leads us off from Cleveland. Reporter: Tonight the desperate nationwide manhunt for the man who took and posted this video to Facebook. Police say it showed the senseless murder of an elderly man. They could be nearby or far away. Reporter: Authorities now offering a $50,000 reward for any information leading to the arrest of the suspect. I'm going to kill this guy right here, the old dude. Reporter: Police were alerted to the shocking video, 37-year-old Steve Stephens getting out of their car and walking over to an unsuspecting 74-year-old Robert Godwin Sr. He's about to shoot them because of a woman. He's the reason why all this happened to you. Reporter: The next moments too graphic to show. One male shot. Reporter: Police racing to the scene of the murder, but the suspect was gone leaving behind a trail of recent chilling posts. Investigators said they lost everything to gambling. I lost everything I had. Reporter: In another claiming to have killed more than a dozen people. I killed 13 people. I'm about to keep killing until they found them. Reporter: The urgent manhunt for the Stephens temporary putting Cleveland universities and hospitals on lockdown. Late Sunday, words that their cell phone was pinged 100 miles away in E reshg officials revealing today, detectives spoke to Stephens by phone shortly after the murder took place. They tried to of course to convince them to turn themselves in. Reporter: Today, Stephens' place of work closed. They mentored foster kids at a mental health facility. Facebook disabling their account after reports of the murder video came in. But that graphic video had been up for more than two hours. The company saying in a statement, it was a horrific crime, one that has no place on Facebook. We know we need to do better. Tonight the family of the man who Stephens randomly killed calling for justice and trying to make sense of their loss. We're beyond shock. To somebody brutally murders my father like that, is unbelievable. Just horrible. Alex Perez joins us tonight from Cleveland. Alex, authorities this evening saying the suspect did not have a criminal record and we're learning what they found when they searched their home. Reporter: Yeah, that's right, David. Authorities say they recovered weapons and other evidence important to the investigation. The suspect's family and the woman mentioned in that chilling video are cooperating with
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
LOS ANGELES — Doc Rivers rolled the basketball onto the court and asked the Clippers to play a pickup game. The Clippers' coach figured it was one good way to find out the strengths and weaknesses of the three players acquired Monday in the trade that sent Blake Griffin to the Detroit Pistons.
It was also a quick way to find out who clicked with whom.
“We really just played pickup basketball,” Rivers said Saturday of the Clippers' practice sessions Thursday and Friday, their first since acquiring Avery Bradley, Tobias Harris, Boban Marjanovic and two draft picks from the Pistons. “I just wanted to see how they fit.
“As you see them play, you start to see things. One thing someone can do. Something you didn't know someone could do. Then you start fitting them into your system. That's what we're still doing, but at least you could start to see stuff.
“I do it a lot because when you do that you find out how they play and you can also find out what they want to do. When you do that and … the game gets to one point, like, the winning point, guys are going to tell you exactly what they want to do because they want to win the game.”
Rivers knew Bradley as a standout defender who improved their shooting touch over the years because Rivers coached Bradley when both were with the Boston Celtics. Rivers knew Harris because Rivers watched Harris play AAU games against their son, Austin, starting from an early age.
Rivers didn't know much about Marjanovic, but liked their 7-foot-3 size and potential.
Bradley started at the shooting guard position in their Clippers debut Saturday against the Chicago Bulls at Staples Center, joining Milos Teodosic in the backcourt. Harris started at the small forward spot, Griffin's old position, and Danilo Gallinari shifted from small forward to power forward.
Marjanovic served as center DeAndre Jordan's backup in the 113-103 victory.
TEAM CHEMISTRY
It takes time for players to build relationships with new teammates and coaches after a trade. It doesn't happen overnight and Doc Rivers said they didn't expect it to in the cases of Bradley, Harris and Marjanovic. After all, they had only been with the Clippers for less than a week.
“Relationships have to grow, so you're not going to have that,” Rivers said. “In our case, I have a little bit of a relationship with Avery because I coached them in Boston. I was fortunate enough to watch Tobias play AAU since they were in eighth grade. I still don't know him.
“As far as X's and O's, you're really just trying to teach your culture and your way of playing. If you think you're going to come out with a great X's and O's plan you're nuts. You may be able to come up with a couple of sets that they ran and you ran that are similar, and that's what we've done.
“It just takes time, though. From a coaching standpoint, we're trying to make the playoffs.”
INJURY UPDATE
Austin Rivers sat out for the 17th game because of a right ankle injury, but Doc Rivers said they expect their son to rejoin the Clippers and return to their lineup at some point during their upcoming trip to Detroit, Philadelphia, Brooklyn and Boston.
Transcript for Man arrested in plan to bomb Oklahoma bank
A 23 year old man is in federal custody accused of plotting to blow up a vehicle filled with explosives. In Oklahoma City Jerry bar now. Was arrested Saturday by the FBI following an undercover operation. Aides say they tried to detonate what they believe was an explosive filled ban. That they parked outside a bank in downtown Oklahoma City. The federal complaint says Darnell originally planned to blow up the Federal Reserve Bank in the nation's capital.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
LANSING, Mich. (AP) — Michigan State University is turning to a hard-nosed former governor and alumnus to right the ship following scathing criticism over former doctor Larry Nassar's ability to molest young female athletes for decades under the guise of medical treatment.
John Engler, 69, led the state for a dozen years from 1991 through 2002. After leaving office because of term limits, they directed business groups in Washington, D.C.
The board of trustees will name Engler the school's interim president at a public meeting on Wednesday, a week after Lou Ann Simon's resignation, according to a high-ranking university official involved in the deliberations. The official spoke to The Associated Press on the condition of anonymity before the public vote occurred.
The selection was welcomed by allies who said Engler is tenacious, not afraid to ruffle feathers and can steer their beloved "green and white" Spartans through the tumult. They will also have to shake up a culture that critics say led to the university turning a blind eye to victims of Nassar for years. The board will search for a permanent president as Engler navigates mounting investigations, civil lawsuits and a public relations crisis.
"The victims can hopefully rest a little better knowing they've got John Engler to straighten the ship. They earn respect. They command respect," said Dan Pero, who was Engler's first chief of staff in the governor's office. Engler will listen, they said, yet also not be afraid to make tough decisions — having done so when they first won the governorship and, facing a large budget deficit, pushed through cuts to welfare, state mental hospitals and the arts.
"Lord knows there will be many decisions that will need to be made at the school that will upset people," Pero said. "With change comes pushback. But ultimately with change comes better times."
The choice already is coming under criticism in some quarters — including from Rachael Denhollander, the first victim to go public against Nassar after they read an Indianapolis Star investigation of how USA Gymnastics handled sexual abuse allegations against coaches.
On Facebook, they called Engler a "deep political insider" at a time Michigan State needs outside accountability. They later softened their words, saying they hope that "despite their close ties, they will act with leadership and integrity."
Though the board of four Democrats and four Republicans is expected to unanimously back Engler on the same day Nassar's third and final sentencing hearing begins, other Democrats questioned the appointment of the polarizing conservative known for their hardball negotiating tactics.
"John Engler is not known as somebody who is a real uniter," said Michigan Democratic Party Chairman Brandon Dillon. "I think it's going to be very difficult for them to do that. But in the interest of not only the university but all of the survivors of Dr. Nassar's abuse, he's going to really have to step up and do things a lot differently than he's done in the past."
The five at-large faculty members of the university's steering committee, which is involved in academic governance, said they urged trustees in a private meeting Monday to not "rush" and appoint a former governor with no academic leadership experience. They said they recommended that the interim president be a woman with experience devising and implementing anti-sexual harassment and sexual abuse programs.
As governor, Engler helped to overhaul school funding and was a strong advocate for charter schools. They gained a reputation as an excellent political strategist in their 32 years in the Legislature and governor's office.
In college, they joined with another Michigan State University student to write a paper for a Michigan politics class on how they could win a state House seat then held by an incumbent. Engler took that paper, recruited another agricultural economics major to run their campaign and won at age 21.
Twenty years later, they narrowly defeated Democratic Gov. Jim Blanchard in an upset.
Political observers say Engler's job at Michigan State, which could last up to a year depending on how quickly the board brings in someone else, may be their toughest task yet. State Sen. Margaret O'Brien, who is working on legislation as a result of the Nassar scandal, said they expect them to "clean (the) house of those who must go."
___
Follow David Eggert on Twitter at https://twitter.com/DavidEggert00 . Their work can be found at https://apnews.com/search/David%20Eggert .
11:28 Reported News Briefs Tevet 4, 5777 , 02/01/17 Tevet 4, 5777 , 02/01/17 Haifa Port hit with 2.2 million shekel fine Read more
Israel's largest port punished by Environmental Protection Ministry for disregard of air pollution laws. ► ◄ Last Briefs
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
The Iconfactory has launched a Kickstarter for Twitterrific for Mac. The company wants to rebuild the Mac version of this venerable Twitter client for the Mac, and the company is looking to raise US$75,000 to do it.
We Have the Technology
I say “rebuild,” but the company's plan is to build it from scratch, using some code from the popular iOS version of the app. Citing a 6-7 month timeline, Iconfactory said it wants to release Twitterrific for Mac—codenamed Phoenix—with the following features:
Unified home timeline
Multiple account support
Composing, replying, and quoting tweets
Muffles and mutes
Streaming
Themes
Delete and edit your own tweets
Sync timeline position with iOS
VoiceOver Accessibility
Keyboard control
Attaching images to tweets
Timeline search (text filter/find)
Open links to other tweets, profiles and media in your browser
To be honest, I like Twitter's own Mac client (YMMV), but it always feels neglected, especially compared to the iOS client.
I'd love to see Twitterrific rise anew.
Funding options that get you a final version of Twitterrific for Mac start at $30. It also includes a registered copy of iPulse 3 from Iconfactory and some stickers. The project has already raised $22,000 (up $1,000 in the time it took me to write this article), with 29 days to go.
The investigation of a possible hit-and-run outside of a Costa Mesa fundraiser for Orange County District Attorney Tony Rackauckas will be turned over when its completed to the State Attorney General's Office.
Costa Mesa police said on Wednesday the case was still under investigation by the agency but would go to the Attorney General's Office, which would decide whether to file any charges, instead of the District Attorney's Office.
It's unclear who made the decision, and whether the move was to avoid the appearance of any conflict of interest.
As the June 6 event was coming to a close, police said a sedan hit two anti-Rauckackas protesters before driving away.
One victim was identified by the American Civil Liberties Union as one of its attorneys, Brendan Hamme, who the organization said was briefly hospitalized. The second demonstrator, Jordan Hoiberg, 23, told the Register they were not seriously injured or hospitalized.
Former San Juan Capistrano Mayor Collene Campbell has told the Register the driver was their husband, Gary Campbell, while they were in the car. Collene Campbell was a co-sponsor of the fundraiser.
The Campbells, both 84, were just trying to escape the protesters who had surrounded their car and were pounding on it, Collene Campbell has said. ACLU members and protesters countered that their demonstration was peaceful and they were just crossing the sidewalk in front of the car.
“Once we're ready to submit (the case), we will submit to the California office of the attorney general,” Sgt. Dan Miles said.
The District Attorney's Office did not return messages for comment.
“We look forward to the attorney general conducting a fair and unbiased investigation of this alarming incident,” the ACLU said in statement.
Unlucky Dawn Butler was tasked with explaining what Keir Starmer's proposals for “easy movement” of people means this afternoon, and they did not rule out it could entail unlimited number of EU migrants coming to the UK after Brexit. Speaking on the Daily Politics, the Shadow Secretary of State for Women and Equalities seemed unsure what Labour's position on free movement would mean for migration:
“It means that… there has to be movement… well, that is something that they will then develop in terms of detail… we will need movement in people… we will need movement of people but it won't look exactly as it looks now…”
Butler went on to say: “we never talk about caps on numbers.” Asked whether Labour's proposals could mean an unlimited number of EU migrants coming to the UK, Butler said:
“I think to be honest that's part of the negotiations… if we were round the negotiating table we could come back with more detail”
Meanwhile, the Labour manifesto opposes continued free movement. “Easy” movement not quite so easy…
The city of Bogor, on the outskirts of greater Jakarta, is a conservative Muslim area with a strong Christian minority. To open a church here, Christian groups must meet a lot of requirements, including getting permission from Muslim authorities.
Starting in 2003, the Taman Yasmin Indonesia Christian Church, also known as the GKI Yasmin Church, got all the necessary legal permits. But vocal Muslim citizens opposed construction of the church and pressured the local government to cancel the permits.
The local government acquiesced to the demands. But the church group went to court, and won. On an appeal, they won again. Finally, the case went all the way to Indonesia's Supreme Court — where the church group won a third time, in 2010. But to this day, the congregation can't worship there.
Alex Paulus, a Christian leader in Bogor, says when the group started building the church, their children were still in elementary school.
"But now," they say, "they already finished the university."
Early on, the church was sealed by local authorities, but the community held Sunday school classes on the street in front of it. That left them vulnerable to attacks by hard-liners.
"They yell at us, shouting at us, saying, 'Kill them, burn them!' " says Paulus. "So it terrified the kids."
Indonesia, with its mix of Muslim, Hindu, Buddhist and Christian citizens, has long had a reputation as a country that embraces religious diversity. Andreas Harsono, the Indonesia researcher for Human Rights Watch, sees things differently.
"This is just a statement coming from people like Barack Obama, Hillary Clinton, all Western leaders who want to praise Indonesia for various reasons — sometimes justified, sometimes just for lip service," they say.
In fact, Harsono says, the Bogor church represents an alarming example of Indonesia's growing intolerance.
The court ruling in favor of the church has been settled for seven years. But Bogor's mayor continues to ignore the ruling. Today, the church compound remains closed off. It is illegal to go inside. A metal sheet blocks the entrance.
We were able to take a quick look inside and found a bare frame with a roof but no insulation, no walls — just a skeleton of a building. In the middle of the dirt floor, there is an altar with a gold cross painted on it. Hanging on the walls, there are little wreaths with ribbons from a 2010 Christmas service, when the community was forced by a local mob to leave the church building.
At a mosque in Bogor, people say the Muslim community is divided over the church. Hizbut Tahrir, an Islamic group that Indonesia's government recently banned for its extremist positions, had encouraged protests against the church on social media. Mohammed Ismail Yusanto, the banned group's spokesperson, lives in Bogor.
"Indonesia is very, very tolerant," they say. "I think too tolerant in some cases."
Yusanto brushes off the Bogor church story as one isolated case.
But in fact, Harsono says, 1,000 or so churches have been shut in Indonesia in the past decade.
Meanwhile, thousands of mosques of a persecuted minority sect, the Ahmedi, have also been shuttered — another sign of growing intolerance, say human rights advocates.
For Paulus, the numbers are less important than the personal question of one's own right to worship.
As they stand among the weeds and mosquitoes in the shell of the church, they say a prayer for the church to open.  They are determined to keep fighting.
"Because we have permission," they say. "It's our right."
Copyright 2017 NPR. To see more, visit http://www.npr.org/.
ARI SHAPIRO, HOST:
Western leaders often hold up Indonesia as a role model. It's the third-largest democracy in the world, a majority Muslim country where religious coexistence is literally written into the founding documents. Lately human rights activists have raised alarms that religious intolerance is growing in Indonesia. From Jakarta, I recently went to see one example.
Indonesia is not only one of the biggest countries in the world. It's also one of the most diverse countries in the world. And in this train station, you can see a lot of that diversity. Some of the women have their head covered by a scarf. Some of the women are showing their hair, a couple even have a full face covering.
UNIDENTIFIED MAN: (Foreign language spoken).
SHAPIRO: I board a commuter train heading up to the Jakarta suburbs with Andreas Harsono of Human Rights Watch.
ANDREAS HARSONO: We are now going to Bogor.
SHAPIRO: What's Bogor like?
HARSONO: Bogor is a conservative Muslim area.
SHAPIRO: It's also an area with a strong Christian minority. To open a church, you have to jump through a lot of hoops and get permissions from the majority Muslim authorities.
HARSONO: The church that we are going to see have fulfilled all those very difficult criteria, requirements - legal requirements.
SHAPIRO: The Christian group in Bogor got all the permits to build a church in this conservative Muslim area. And then hardliners said, not in my backyard. They pressured the government to cancel the permits. The government caved. The church group went to court and won. On an appeal, they won again. And finally they went to Indonesia's Supreme Court, where the church group won a third time.
HARSONO: So it was, like, almost 10 years ago.
SHAPIRO: And what's the situation today?
HARSONO: The government just ignore the Supreme Court ruling.
SHAPIRO: Specifically, the Bogor mayor has caved to local pressure from hardliners in the community.
Indonesia has a reputation for being a country that embraces religious diversity. Is the reputation false, or is this just a counter-example?
HARSONO: It is false. This is just a statement coming from people like Barack Obama, Hillary Clinton, all Western leaders who want to praise Indonesia for - you know, for various purposes, sometimes justified, sometimes just for lip service.
SHAPIRO: Vice President Pence visited the country earlier this year. It's in U.S. interests to praise a large democracy that's in the neighborhood of more autocratic governments, especially when that democracy is a majority of Muslim country.
UNIDENTIFIED WOMAN #1: Final destination - Bogor.
ALEX PAULUS: Hello.
SHAPIRO: Hello. My name is Ari.
PAULUS: Ari, I'm Alex. Nice to meet you.
SHAPIRO: Very nice to meet you, Alex.
Alex Paulus is one of the leaders of the local Christian group here. We pile into a small taxi and drive through the town of Bogor past fruit trees and market stalls.
PAULUS: When we start building the church, my kids were very small, still in the elementary school. But now they already finish their universities.
SHAPIRO: When they were small and they would ask, Dad, why isn't the church finished, what would you tell them?
PAULUS: They experience - we have Sunday school on the street just in front of our church because they sealed it. We cannot enter. And they experience the time when we were attacked by the hardliners. And the children were crying and terrified. They yell at us, say kill them; burn them. So it terrified the kids.
SHAPIRO: We're pulling up to the church compound, which is closed off. And it's illegal to go inside of it, but there is a very small door that we're going to try to duck through. There's a metal sheet blocking the entrance. We're just moving it aside. He's telling us we can come in, but we've got to be fast.
OK, we've just stepped inside the church, and it's a bare frame with a roof overhead but no insulation, no walls, just a skeleton of a building. And in the middle of the dirt floor, there is an altar with a gold cross painted on it. Alex, did you ever have services here?
PAULUS: We have. For the first time, it was Christmas in 2010.
SHAPIRO: And did everyone just sneak in even though it was - even though...
PAULUS: Yes. They surround us. They force us to leave this place as soon as possible.
SHAPIRO: I see hanging on the walls there little wreaths with ribbons. Is that left over from a Christmas celebration?
PAULUS: Yes. This is the leftover from the Christmas celebration.
SHAPIRO: You could live somewhere that hardliners wouldn't come and try to burn down your church and say, kill them. Why do you keep fighting to put your church here?
PAULUS: Because it's our right. We have permission - legal.
SHAPIRO: I spoke with Muslims in Bogor to try to understand the opposition to the church. People at the mosque told me the community is divided over it. One man said it's a mistake to build a house of worship without local community support. But no one I met expressed the kind of strong opposition that the Bogor Christian community encountered until I went back to Jakarta.
MOHAMMED ISMAIL YUSANTO: I am Mohammed Ismail Yusanto, the spokesperson of Hizbut Tahrir Indonesia.
SHAPIRO: Hizbut Tahrir is an Islamist group that Indonesia's government recently banned for its extremist positions. On social media, the group encouraged the protests against the Bogor church. Spokesman Ismail Yusanto lives in Bogor and works in downtown Jakarta. In front of Hizbut Tahrir's main offices where we met him, the sign board has been covered by a black sheet since the government ban took effect.
Do you think Indonesia is becoming intolerant?
YUSANTO: No, no, no, Indonesia is very, very tolerant - I think too tolerant...
SHAPIRO: Too tolerant.
YUSANTO: ...In some cases.
SHAPIRO: For example, they say, Christians are overrepresented in Indonesia's Parliament as a percentage of the population. Churches in Indonesia are opening faster than mosques, they say.
YUSANTO: There are so many churches in the middle of Muslim society, Muslim community.
SHAPIRO: Why is it a problem if there is a church in a Muslim community?
YUSANTO: No, I mean, it indicates that Muslim in Indonesia is very tolerant. If you are intolerant, those church will be destroyed.
SHAPIRO: We visited Bogor...
YUSANTO: Yeah.
SHAPIRO: ...Where there is a church.
YUSANTO: Only one case, only one case.
SHAPIRO: The representative for Human Rights Watch, Andreas Harsono, says there have been more than 1,000 churches in the last decade that have been closed down. That's many more than one case.
YUSANTO: Please ask them how many mosque destroyed or close in Indonesia.
SHAPIRO: We did ask him, and Human Rights Watch says thousands of mosques have been shuttered, many from minority sects of Islam, which human rights advocates say is another sign of intolerance. Back in Bogor, Alex Paulus stands among the weeds and mosquitos in the shell that they hope will someday be their Church. They recite the prayer that the congregation says every Sunday morning when they meet.
PAULUS: (Foreign language spoken).
SHAPIRO: It means, we believe that one day, we will be here serving our God because God hears prayer.
(SOUNDBITE OF THE END OF THE OCEAN'S "WORTH EVERYTHING EVER WISHED FOR")
SHAPIRO: Tomorrow, our Indonesia series continues with a doctor who says they learned some of the most important lessons of their life from the transgender women who are their patients.
UNIDENTIFIED WOMAN #2: It's accepting people as they are. Just embrace your life. You understand that it's all beauty. Everyone feels each other. You know, it seems like God teach me that the world is so colorful, and you just have to accept - you know, don't reject what is there. Just try to understand.
(SOUNDBITE OF THE END OF THE OCEAN'S "WORTH EVERYTHING EVER WISHED FOR") Transcript provided by NPR, Copyright NPR.
“Become very cool to vote Labour – in my opinion there are quite a few shy Tories who are voting Labour as it is seen to be cool” @ToffTalks pic.twitter.com/tzT32kEO2e — BBC This Week (@bbcthisweek) 19 October 2017
Georgia Toffolo won ITV's I'm a Celebrity last night.  They are a sworn Tory and politics fan; here they are discussing the Conservatives on BBC's This Week. Guido is beginning to think it was a mistake not to hire them as an intern…
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
American authorities have not yet determined exactly how Kim Jong Nam was killed, according to two sources, who did not provide specific evidence to support the U.S. government's view.
A South Korean government source also had said that Kim Jong Nam had been murdered in Malaysia. They did not provide further details.
South Korea's foreign ministry said it could not confirm the reports, and the country's intelligence agency could not immediately be reached for comment.
In Washington, there was no immediate response to a request for comment from the Trump administration, which faces a stiff challenge from a defiant North Korea over its nuclear arms program and the test of a ballistic missile last weekend.
Kim Jong Nam was known to spend a significant amount of their time outside North Korea and had spoken out publicly against their family's dynastic control of the isolated state.
If confirmed as an assassination, it would the latest in a string of killings over the decades at home and abroad meant to silence those perceived by North Korea's leaders as threats to their authority, one of the U.S. sources said on condition of anonymity.
In a statement, Malaysian police said the dead man, 46, held a passport under the name Kim Chol.
Kim Jong Nam has been caught in the past using forged travel documents.
Malaysian police official Fadzil Ahmat said the cause of Kim's death was not yet known, and that a post mortem would be carried out.
"So far there are no suspects, but we have started investigations and are looking at a few possibilities to get leads," Fadzil told Reuters.
According to Fadzil, Kim had been planning to travel to Macau on Monday when they fell ill at the low-cost terminal of Kuala Lumpur International Airport.
"The deceased ... felt like someone grabbed or held their face from behind," Fadzil said. "He felt dizzy, so they asked for help at the ... counter of KLIA."
Kim was taken to an airport clinic where they still felt unwell, and it was decided to take them to hospital. They died in the ambulance on the way to Putrajaya Hospital, Fadzil added.
The U.S. government sources said it was possible that Kim Jong Nam had been poisoned. They said it could not be ruled out that assassins used some kind of "poison pen" device.
South Korea's TV Chosun, a cable-TV network, reported that Kim had been poisoned with a needle by two women believed to be North Korean operatives who fled in a taxi and were at large, citing multiple South Korean government sources.
Reuters could not independently confirm those details.
Malaysia is one of a dwindling number of countries that has close relations with North Korea, which is under tightening global sanctions over its nuclear tests and ballistic missile launches, the latest of which took place on Sunday.
Malaysians and North Koreans can visit each other's country without visas.
A phone call to the North Korean embassy in Kuala Lumpur late on Tuesday went straight to an answering machine.
Kim Jong Nam and Kim Jong-un are both sons of former North Korean leader Kim Jong Il, who died in late 2011, but they had different mothers.
Kim Jong Nam, the elder of the two, did not attend their father's funeral. Their mother was an actor named Song Hye Rim, and Kim Jong Nam said their father kept their parents' relationship secret.
The portly and easygoing Kim Jong Nam was believed to be close to their uncle, Jang Song Thaek, who was North Korea's second most powerful man before being executed on Kim Jong-un's orders in 2013.
In an embarrassing 2001 incident, Kim Jong Nam was caught at an airport in Japan traveling on a forged Dominican Republic passport, saying they had wanted to visit Tokyo Disneyland. They were known to travel to Hong Kong, Macau and mainland China.
Koh Yu-hwan, a professor at Dongguk University in Seoul, said Kim Jong Nam had occasionally been the subject of speculation that they could replace their younger half-brother, the country's third-generation leader.
"Loyalists may have wanted to get rid of him," they said.
Niagara Regional Police have arrested three men and are looking for another in connection with a double stabbing in Niagara Falls last month.
Emergency crews were called to the area of Fallsview Blvd. and Murray St. around 2 a.m. on Apr. 29, where they found two men in their 20s with stab wounds.
According to police, an altercation had taken place in front of the Fallsview Casino Resort.
The two injured men went into the casino to get help, while the others fled the area.
At the time, police said they were looking for four suspects.
On May 28, police arrested Piraveen Paramanathan, 22, of Toronto, and Sugarshan Chandramohan, 22, and Suvisan Chandramohan, 23, both from Uxbridge.
All three have been charged with attempted murder.
Detectives are asking the public for help identifying a fourth suspect, pictured below.
Anyone with information is being asked to contact the Niagara Regional Police at 905-688-4111, ext. 9631 or Crime Stoppers at 1-800-222-8477 (TIPS).
Getty Image
J.R. Smith knows the NBA is watching what players do before games, but that doesn't mean they can't protest scrimmages. Smith told reporters on Friday that they protested before a Cavaliers scrimmage on Monday, and was critical of the flag and its symbolism in the face of athletes protesting to raise awareness of police brutality against people of color.
Smith had previously been critical of LeSean McCoy for calling out Colin Kaepernick's silent protest, which the quarterback carried out last season. As the sports world became embroiled in anthem controversies thanks to Donald Trump essentially calling Kaepernick a “son of a bitch,” many wondered what NBA players would do on the court. Thus far, the answer is not all that much, but Smith is certainly speaking out.
“I don't feel like the flag represents what it's supposed to at this point,” Smith told reporters on Friday.
A trial is underway for an 18-year-old Pennsylvania man accused of fatally shooting a friend in the face and then taking a selfie with the victim's body.
Two officers testified Tuesday that Maxwell Morton, then 16, showed little emotion or concern about the February 2015 shooting of 16-year-old Ryan Mangan.
Westmoreland County Detective James Williams told jurors "when they described pulling the trigger, they had a little smirk on their face."
Police contend Morton took a photograph of themselves with Mangan's body minutes after the shooting and an hour later sent the image via Snapchat while they played online video games with a teen in Wisconsin.
The defense has argued that the teens were playing with the gun and it accidentally fired.
The judge ruled Monday the selfie can be seen by the jury.
CBS 2Victor Ventuzelo (Credit: Suffolk County Police Department) Watch CBS2 News, CBS This Morning, Dr. Phil, Judge Judy, 60 Minutes, NFL football, and your favorite CBS shows. Latest Videos Eye On New York Dining Deals Tony's Table Links & Numbers Station Info & Closed Captioning CBS 2 2017-2018 EEO Report Explore CBS 2 Jobs and Internships […]
WCBS 880Victor Ventuzelo (Credit: Suffolk County Police Department) WCBS Newsradio 880 is one of the tri-state's most trusted sources for news and information. As a market leading news resource since 1967, WCBS reaches millions of listeners each week and boasts one of the largest, most experienced local news teams on the radio in America. Follow @WCBS880 […]
1010 WINSVictor Ventuzelo (Credit: Suffolk County Police Department) 1010 WINS invented all news radio and is the longest-running all news station in the country. For 50 years, 1010 WINS has been a news and information utility for the New York metropolitan area. Famous around the world for its slogan, “YOU GIVE US 22 MINUTES, WE'LL GIVE […]
WFANVictor Ventuzelo (Credit: Suffolk County Police Department) As the world's first 24-hour all-sports radio station, WFAN remains the premier sports talk radio station in the business. Since its debut on July 1, 1987, dozens of stations have copied the all sports format, but none have achieved the success and the popularity of the FAN. WFAN […]
WLNYVictor Ventuzelo (Credit: Suffolk County Police Department) Program Schedule Channel Guide WLNY TV 10/55 is part of the CBS Television Stations group, a division of CBS Corp. and one of the largest network-owned station groups in the country. Got a nose for news? E-mail us your newstips! Our offices & studios are located at 524 […]
If you look good, you feel good! That is why more men and women are becoming interested in fashion each day. Good fashion means choosing a great style and wearing it well. Continue on into this article for fashion advice you can use yourself.
If you are going directly from work to an evening out on the town, take a few makeup basics with you to change your look. Consider darker lipstick and some smoky eye shadow to transform your look. You may also darken your blush a bit, providing some contour for darker time. These three products will ease the transition.
Wear cropped pants in a more flattering way by choosing capris, pedal pushers, and bermuda shorts that do not fall at the widest part of your calf. Choose pants that end above the knee or closer to the ankle. You should also avoid flared styles to keep your look streamlined.
If you are starting to go gray, try using a vegetable dye. As long as it is just a few strands that are causing anxiety, this product should do the trick. It turns the gray a shade that is a tad lighter than the rest of your hair. Using vegetable dye will make it look as though you have nice, new highlights and will then fade out over about three months.
A good fashion tip is to select your clothing for the day based on color. You don't want to step outside with your shirt and shorts clashing because they're complimentary colors. Experiment with different color combinations and see which colors you like and which color combinations you don't like so much.
How to apply your makeup depends on where you are going. For example, if you are going for an interview, keep your makeup looking natural and highlight your best feature. For instance, if you have beautiful eyes, wear a soft color that enhances the color of your eyes. If your best feature is your cheekbones, add a little color to the apple of your cheeks.
If you have a lighter skin tone and you are looking to dye your hair a darker shade, consider dying it a dark shade of brown instead of opting for jet black. Choosing a brown tone is much more flattering since it will not make you look too washed out.
Use up all your beauty products before getting rid of them. For tubed products, use a toothpaste tube squeezer to get every last drop. Try to get the last of the product by turning them upside down and squeezing the last bit out. Sometimes you can cut off the top to get another two or three uses of the product. This can save you money.
Have yourself professionally fitted for a bra. An ill-fitting brassiere is not only unflattering, but it affects how your clothing fits. Once you know your true size, buy a few bras in different styles and cuts. A plunge or demi-cup bra, a strapless bra, and a convertible bra give you versatile options.
Buy outfits that promote an hour-glass figure. No matter what the decade, that feminine outline is classic and always fashionable. This is why actores like Marilyn Monroe are still considered beautiful even with the new model trend toward long and lanky women. Curves are always in as it implies femininity and fertility.
Quirkiness is great for fashion. Try a combination of unmatched shoes, ruffled hair, and an unbuttoned shirt. There is little chance of accomplishing perfection, so embrace a controlled bit of chaos in your style to help stand out and present your own sense of style.
Be confident. It doesn't matter how you dress if you don't feel that you look good. Work on your self-esteem. Don't just follow trends. Buy clothing that you feel looks flattering. Trust your own opinion before listening to anyone else. If you feel good about yourself, your confidence should shine through.
When purchasing sneakers, shop for ones that are comfortable and fit like a glove. You should also ensure that the arch in the shoe fully supports the arch in your foot. Another consideration to take into account when purchasing sneakers is to know the pronation of your foot; most salespeople can assess your foot and guide you to the proper shoe for your pronation.
When considering fashion for yourself, be sure to take into consideration what type of cuts look best on your body type. This is important because there are vastly different body types, and certain cuts look better on some than others. Find something that accentuates your best features and makes you feel comfortable.
Save your old clothes. Trends and fashions go in cycles, so whatever you are wearing now is likely to have a comeback in ten years or more. Even if you do not think you would ever wear it again then, you might, can swap clothes with someone looking for something vintage.
When shopping for vintage clothing, don't make assumptions based on the size on the tag. A size 8 in the 1950s fits differently than a modern size 8, so save yourself some disappointments by always trying items on before buying them. Once you get a feel for how sizes have changed through the decades, you will have a better idea of what to look for.
Currently, skinny jeans have become all the rage in fashion. Skinny jeans don't mean you need a skinny frame. Nearly any shape looks good in them, as they tend to slim the body from the waist down. They go great with lots of different types of clothes and also shoes, too.
Accessorize with bright colors. If you want your wardrobe to pop but find colorful prints and pastel colors in clothing too garish, you may find a solution in accessorizing. On its own, a black button-up shirt and dress pants are bland. A red pair of shoes and handbag, however, can really make it stand out.
Trying to find the right shoes for your outfit can be a challenge. First, make sure your shoes are right for the occasion. If you are wearing a dressy gown, avoid wearing flats. Avoid wearing shoes that exactly match your outfit. Instead, choose one color within your outfit and base your shoe color on that.
The preceding paragraphs have hopefully given you some ideas you were not aware of before now on how you can dress with a newly discovered fashion sense. You are going to notice how much more comfortable you are in going through life. With luck, your new style will open doors for you.
The Duke of Cambridge has teamed up with pop superstar Lady Gaga to encourage people to open up about their feelings and bring an end to the "shame" of talking about mental health issues.
In a video watched by around 15,000 people live on Facebook, William and Lady Gaga chatted about how important speaking freely about mental health can be in helping to shatter the stigma around it.
Prince William. Picture: Heads Together/PA.
The Duke said: "It's time that everyone speaks up and really feels very normal about mental health, it's the same as physical health. Everybody has mental health and we shouldn't be ashamed of it and just having a conversation with a friend or family member can really make such a difference."
William, who with their brother Harry and the Duchess of Cambridge have championed the Heads Together campaign, has has called for an end to the "stiff upper lip" culture, saying they want Prince George and Princess Charlotte to be able to talk about their emotions.
It comes after Prime Minister Theresa May praised Prince Harry for their bravery in revealing that they sought counselling to come to terms with the death of their mother, Diana, Princess of Wales.
Speaking from Kensington Palace to Lady Gaga at their home in Hollywood, William told the singer many of the issues they had seen from their work with veterans, homelessness and addiction charities stemmed from mental health issues.
And they praised their bravery in revealing through an open letter last year that they live with post-traumatic stress disorder.
Lady Gaga said their changing mental health had "changed my life" and they had been "very nervous at first" speaking about it.
They said: "For me, waking up every day and feeling sad and going on stage is something that is very hard to describe.
"There is a lot of shame attached to mental illness, you feel like something's wrong with you.
"In my life I go, 'oh my goodness, look at all these beautiful, wonderful things that I have, I should be so happy', but you can't help it if in the morning when you wake up you are so tired, you are so sad, you are so full of anxiety and the shakes that you can barely think.
"It was like saying, 'this is a part of me and that's OK'."
Lady Gaga said talking more openly about mental health would allow people dealing with it to feel like "we are not hiding any more".
They said: "Even though it was hard, (it was) the best thing that could come out of my mental illness was to share it with other people and let our generation, as well as other generations, know that if you are feeling not well in your mind that you're not alone and that people that you think would never have a problem, do.
"We have to make the strongest, most relentless attempt we can to normalise mental health issues, so that people feel like they can come forward."
William added: "It's OK to have this conversation, it's really important to have this conversation and that you won't be judged.
"It's so important to break open that fear and that taboo which is only going to lead to more problems down the line."
The pair also made plans to meet when Lady Gaga comes to the UK in October, and the singer said: "We have to make the strongest, most relentless attempt we can to normalise mental health issues so that people feel like they can come forward."
Both William and Harry have been increasingly vocal about the importance of openness around mental health.
The Duke has highlighted the importance of role models speaking out their feelings, applauding grime artist Stormzy for talking about suffering from depression, and has said they and Kate want Prince George and Princess Charlotte to feel comfortable about discussing their emotions.
They told charity publication CALMzine: "Over the past year we have visited a number of schools together where we have been amazed listening to children talk about some quite difficult subjects in a clear and emotionally articulate way, something most adults would struggle with.
"Seeing this has really given me hope things are changing and there is a generation coming up who find it normal to talk openly about emotions."
William praised Stormzy's revelation about their depression as "incredibly powerful", saying: "There may be a time and a place for the 'stiff upper lip', but not at the expense of your health."
Harry, who was 12 when their mother was killed in a car crash in Paris, has revealed that it too them until their late 20s to process their grief.
In an interview with the Daily Telegraph, Harry, 32, said they spent nearly 20 years "not thinking" about their death and eventually got help after two years of "total chaos".
They admitted shutting down their emotions after losing their mother had "a quite serious effect on not only my personal life but my work as well", and that they eventually sought help after their brother told them they needed to deal with their feelings.
Responding to their comments, Mrs May said: "Mental health problems affect people of all ages and all backgrounds.
"The bravery of those in public positions who speak out about their experiences helps smash the stigma around mental health and will help thousands of people to realise they are not alone.
"If we are to tackle this injustice, we must forge a new approach that recognises our responsibility to each other, and make mental illness an everyday concern for all of us and in every one of our institutions."
Ministers are thought to be considering putting NHS professionals in secondary schools full-time, under plans understood to be part of a green paper on young people and mental health which will be published later this year.
Heads Together, an umbrella organisation for mental health charities, is the London Marathon's charity of the year, and on Tuesday William will attend a screening of BBC documentary Mind Over Marathon, which follows a group of runners affected by mental health as they prepare for the race.
The Duke and Duchess and Harry, who hope the race will be known as "the mental health marathon", will hand out medals on the finish line in the Mall on Sunday.
The 28-year-old Londoner said they were shocked and in disbelief.
Daniel Kaluuya has said they are in disbelief after receiving a debut Golden Globe nomination “against innumerable odds” for their role in Get Out.
The Londoner, 28, was nominated for best actor in a comedy for their break-out role in the dark satire that skewers racism by director Jordan Peele.
“I'm shocked … disbelief,” Kaluuya said after the announcement in Los Angeles on Monday.
“What a surreal experience to be embraced by the community against innumerable odds.
“Get Out was born out of the genius mind of Jordan Peele, to whom I will be forever grateful for believing in me and allowing me to help them tell a story so dear to him.
“A true once-in-a-lifetime experience. Salute to the cast, crew and King Peele.”
Get Out, which was nominated for best comedy, sees Kaluuya play a black man who travels to the rural home of their white girlfriend's parents, where events take a dark twist and latent racism is exposed.
Also among the British talent celebrating their nominations was former winner Sally Hawkins, who was shortlisted for best actor with The Shape Of Water.
“What a beautiful gift,” they said in a statement. “I am so very humbled by this acknowledgement. Every piece of this film was and is a gift for me.”
View photos Dame Helen Mirren was nominated for The Leisure Seeker (Jonathan Brady/PA) More
Working with director Guillermo Del Toro and their team, they said, was one of the “most extraordinary heart expanding experiences”, adding: “I believe in magic and this is a magical thing.”
Hawkins, 41, from London, plays a mute cleaner who falls for an amphibian experiment in the Cold War-era fairy tale, which was also nominated for best drama film.
Unlike the Oscars, the Globes has separate best acting categories for comedies and dramas.
Hawkins's latest nomination falls in the drama category, while their 2009 victory for their role in Mike Leigh's Happy-Go-Lucky met the comedy criteria.
View photos Jude Law was nominated for their role in The Young Pope (Gareth Fuller/PA) More
Others to react to their nominations were The Crown's Claire Foy, The Young Pope's Jude Law and Dame Helen Mirren, who was nominated for The Leisure Seeker.
Foy, nominated for best actor in a drama series, thanked organisers and praised the “extraordinary” cast and crew on the series, which will be their last in the role as the Queen.
Dame Helen said they were “honoured” and thanked “the work of the two men in my life of this film”, director Paolo Virzi and co-star Donald Sutherland.
Law, nominated for best actor in a limited series, said they were pleased their work with “wonderful” director Paolo Sorrentino has been recognised.
Director Martin McDonagh said they were “thrilled” to hear their film Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri netted six nominations, including one for best drama.
The Londoner also thanked “good friends” Frances McDormand and Sam Rockwell, who star in the film.
This composite image shows a happy face as it was originally photographed (left) and the same photo retouched to emphasize changes in color. - Ohio State University
Whether it is arguing until ‘blue in the face' or feeling ‘green with envy' the English language is well-stocked with idioms linking colour to emotion.
Now for the first time, scientists have shown that people actually do change hue depending on their feelings.
Although it is a subtle alteration to skin tone and complexion around the nose, eyebrows, cheeks or chin, the effects are picked up subconsciously by observers, making it very hard to hide emotions.
It means that a sad person, attempting to put on a brave face will still flush the colour of their or their unhappiness, inadvertently showing the turmoil behind their smile.
The scientists believe the changes of colour are triggered by blood flow channelled from the central nervous system to depending on our state of mind.
"We identified patterns of facial coloring that are unique to every emotion we studied," said Dr Aleix Martinez, cognitive scientist and professor of electrical and computer engineering at Ohio State University.
"We believe these color patterns are due to subtle changes in blood flow or blood composition triggered by the central nervous system.
“Not only do we perceive these changes in facial color, but we use them to correctly identify how other people are feeling, whether we do it consciously or not."
Angryface
An original and enhanced 'angry' face
For the study, the researchers first took hundreds of pictures of facial expressions and separated the images into different color channels that correspond to how human eyes see colour - either in a red/green channel or blue/yellow.
They then ran the images through computer analysis and found that emotions such as ‘happy', ‘sad', ‘anger' or ‘disgust' all formed unique color patterns.
‘Disgust', for instance, creates a blue-yellow cast around the lips, but with a red-green cast around the nose and forehead.
Happiness is seen in red at the checks and temples and a little blue around the chin, but the same face with a slightly redder forehead and slightly less blue chin registers as ‘surprised.'
Although the team did not look at 'envy' they suggest that the green colour linked to feelings of jealousy could stem from the nausea which often accompanies the emotion.
Happyface
An original and enhanced 'happy' face
To test whether colors alone could convey emotions - without smiles or frowns to go along with them - the researchers then superimposed the different emotional color patterns on pictures of faces with neutral expressions.
They found that volunteers were able to spot an emotion up to 75 per cent of the time. The effect remained regardless of gender, ethnicity or overall skin tone.
Next, researchers showed participants facial expressions of happiness, sadness and other emotions but mixed up the colors of the the images, for example putting ah angry hue on a happy face. Participants reported that something was ‘off' but could not put their finger on what was wrong.
"Participants could clearly identify which images had the congruent versus the incongruent colors," added Prof Martinez.
"People have always said that we use makeup to look beautiful or younger, but I think that it is possible that we actually do it to appear happier or create a positive perception of emotion--or a negative perception, if you wanted to do that.”
It also enabled researchers to construct computer algorithms that correctly recognize human emotion via face color up to 90 percent of the time.
Happiness was the easiest emotion for the computer to recognize by color alone, and it detected the emotion with 90 percent accuracy. Anger was detectable by color alone 80 percent of the time, and sadness 75 percent of the time. Fear was recognizable 70 percent of the time.
The study was published in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
Even with their eyes closed, Aries Pascua kept seeing the face of the woman they had raped and killed.
Pascua, 31, said so in a confession they made before the Quezon City police, who filed charges against them on Thursday over the death of Sharon Morales, their brother's former live-in partner.
ADVERTISEMENT
The 36-year-old Morales was found dead on Sept. 29 inside their bedroom at the apartment they were renting on Maya Street, Barangay Commonwealth.
This was after Pascua's mother Esperanza, who was staying in another unit upstairs, picked up the smell of decomposing flesh and alerted authorities.
Although the autopsy stated heart attack as the cause of Morales' death, investigators didn't declare the case closed as they noted that the body was found under the victim's wooden bed and concealed by three bags of clothes.
Pascua, who was staying in the same compound, disappeared right after the killing.
But on Monday, Pascua, who was employed as a cook, returned from Calauag, Quezon province, to reveal what they did to Morales.
Confession
In a sworn statement, Pascua, said they entered Morales' unit around midnight of Sept. 27 and found them drunk.
They sneaked into their room to look for money but Morales caught him.
ADVERTISEMENT
To prevent them from making a scene and reporting them to authorities, Pascua choked Morales until they passed out.
They also admitted raping them while they were unconscious. When they started to stir and cough, they stepped on their neck and punched them repeatedly in the face to make sure they were dead.
After hiding their body under the bed, they ran off with the victim's cell phone.
Posing as Morales, they used the phone to send “misleading” text messages to Esperanza, saying Morales had already moved out of the apartment with a lover.
Pascua then sold the stolen phone.
In their statement, Pascua said they turned themselves in out of guilt and because they kept seeing the face of Morales “every time I closed my eyes.”
The Quezon City Police District has charged them with robbery with rape and homicide.
The victim, a supermarket supervisor, had a 5-year-old son with Pascua's brother. The couple had been separated for years.
Getty Image
Sundays are important for a lot of people, as it is the night where some of us sit on our couches in complete silence for an hour while watching Game of Thrones. One such person is relief pitcher Tyler Clippard, who likely won't forget this week's episode any time soon.
Clippard started watching this week's episode, Eastwatch, as a member of the Chicago White Sox. Fast forward a few minutes and Clippard learned they would finish the episode at a later date, because they were traded to the Houston Astros around the time someone made their grand return to the show.
The much-debated phenomenon of "man flu" may have some basis in fact, researchers have said.
A Canadian study was carried out to determine whether men really do experience worse symptoms than women or whether it is just a myth.
Dr Kyle Sue, a clinical assistant professor at Memorial University of Newfoundland, suggested men may not be exaggerating symptoms but have weaker immune responses to viral respiratory viruses.
In what is thought to be the first study of its kind, they analysed relevant research and found evidence that adult men have a higher risk of hospital admission and higher rates of influenza associated deaths compared with women, regardless of underlying disease.
Men are also more susceptible to complications and higher mortality from many acute respiratory diseases, while some evidence supported men suffering more from viral respiratory illness than women because they have a less robust immune system.
Writing in the BMJ, Dr Sue argued the concept of man flu, as commonly defined, is potentially unjust and further research is needed.
"Men may not be exaggerating symptoms but have weaker immune responses to viral respiratory viruses, leading to greater morbidity and mortality than seen in women," they write.
They said there may actually be an evolutionary benefit to a less robust immune system, as it has allowed men to invest their energy in other biological processes, "such as growth, secondary sex characteristics, and reproduction".
No scientific study has ever been carried out before to determine whether the term man flu is appropriate or accurate.
Dr Sue added: "Lying on the couch, not getting out of bed, or receiving assistance with activities of daily living could also be evolutionary behaviours that protect against predators.
"Perhaps now is the time for male friendly spaces, equipped with enormous televisions and reclining chairs, to be set up where men can recover from the debilitating effects of man flu in safety and comfort."
CULLOWHEE, N.C. (AP) -- Mike Amius had their second career double-double and Devin Peterson made five 3-pointers and finished with 25 points, both career highs, on Saturday night to help Western Carolina beat Samford 88-71.
Amius had career highs with 28 points, on 12-of-14 shooting, and 13 rebounds. Peterson made 10 of 16 from the field.
Demetrius Denzel-Dyson's 3-pointer gave Samford (8-17, 4-8 Southern Conference) an 8-0 lead and Alex Thompson's layup made 15-11 with 11 minutes left in the first half. The Bulldogs missed their next nine field-goal attempts and committed four turnovers as Western Carolina scored 17 of the next 19 points to take an 11-point lead six minutes later. Peterson scored 11 points, including three 3s, during that stretch and the Catamounts, who took a 38-27 lead into the break, led the rest of the way.
Eric Adams tied their career high, set in Thursday's loss to East Tennessee State, with 21 points and grabbed a career-best 11 rebounds for Samford.
Western Carolina (11-13, 6-5) shot 51 percent from the field, had 21 assists on 33 field goals and outrebounded the Bulldogs 50-25.
Getty Image
Today, Donald Trump signed an order changing, yet again, the thrust of NASA's mission. Normally, this is just political rigamarole and of more annoyance to space wonks and policy fans than anybody else. But this time around, there are some clear, and potentially serious, consequences to what Trump is trying to do — send astronauts back to the Moon and eventually to Mars.
NASA, under Obama, was focused on Earth: If you want a full look at Obama's approach to space, you can find it in their NASA Authorization Act, but essentially, Obama was in no great rush and was as interested in Earth as they were in Mars, funding climate science and other work in addition to developing technologies for a long-term Mars mission. This was a switch from the Bush-era NASA, which was working on Constellation, which planned to spend more time on the Moon as part of a longer-term plan to go to Mars.
If you want a full look at Obama's approach to space, you can find it in their NASA Authorization Act, but essentially, Obama was in no great rush and was as interested in Earth as they were in Mars, funding climate science and other work in addition to developing technologies for a long-term Mars mission. This was a switch from the Bush-era NASA, which was working on Constellation, which planned to spend more time on the Moon as part of a longer-term plan to go to Mars. Trump more or less just told NASA to dust off its Bush-era plans: Trump's orders essentially revive the Constellation program, although it will likely involve much more of a private spaceflight component, since Trump's pick for NASA administrator, James Bridenstine is very much pro-business, and not an engineer or scientist. He's also a climate change denier, so many are worried that NASA's excellent work in that area is about to come to an end.
Trump's orders essentially revive the Constellation program, although it will likely involve much more of a private spaceflight component, since Trump's pick for NASA administrator, James Bridenstine is very much pro-business, and not an engineer or scientist. He's also a climate change denier, so many are worried that NASA's excellent work in that area is about to come to an end. NASA is in a better place to execute Constellation, but it was a flawed program: During the Bush administration, billions was spent on Ares I, which ultimately didn't pan out. However, it does have Orion, a successfully tested crew vehicle, and in theory it could be back on the moon within a decade. But there are very real medical questions about how long humans can remain in space, and building a moonbase, not to mention establishing regular traffic back and forth between the Moon as a staging ground to go to Mars, has a lot of question marks. And it may all be pointless without more advanced climate science work to help us understand the weather, since rocket launches are finicky things.
During the Bush administration, billions was spent on Ares I, which ultimately didn't pan out. However, it does have Orion, a successfully tested crew vehicle, and in theory it could be back on the moon within a decade. But there are very real medical questions about how long humans can remain in space, and building a moonbase, not to mention establishing regular traffic back and forth between the Moon as a staging ground to go to Mars, has a lot of question marks. And it may all be pointless without more advanced climate science work to help us understand the weather, since rocket launches are finicky things. And all of this is under threat anyway: Republicans love NASA, perhaps because its work directly benefits Republican strongholds, but there's also this tax bill you may have heard about that cuts funding across the board. NASA won't be able to buy moon boots, let alone a rocket to the moon, if its budget gets cut.
In other words, Trump can insist this is a job-creating move, as they do in the below clip. But unless they back that executive order with money, NASA isn't going anywhere.
Fox
Over the weekend, the CBOE began issuing bitcoin futures contracts, meaning investors can buy options predicting the price of bitcoin will either rise or fall by a certain date, making money if they guess correctly. Before now, it was very difficult to short (or put) bitcoin in order to make money off its volatile price swings. Instead, you'd have to buy the bitcoin and hope to become the next Winklevoss, assuming you don't get robbed first.
In the first day of bitcoin futures trading, the strike price for January contracts rose 20%, but before you run out and plunk money you can't risk losing into bitcoin futures it should be noted that Wall Street will invest in a bubble even when they know it's a bubble. And regular people who aren't too big to fail usually end up taking the brunt of a downturn. It's hard to say what bitcoin's price will do next, considering the price was breaking symbolic barriers every few hours for a while last week. To quote the aptly-titled “Crypto Through The Tulips” piece in The Economist, “The beauty of bitcoin is that its intrinsic value is impossible to determine and that makes any value plausible to true believers.”
The beauty of bitcoin is also that it is very easy to make jokes about, and Twitter has done just that, such as jokes about the volatile prices:
There's a surprising twist to Regina Willoughby's last season with Columbia City Ballet: It's also their 18-year-old daughter Melina's first season with the company. Regina, 40, will retire from the stage in March, just as their daughter starts their own career as a trainee. But for this one season, they're sharing the stage together.
Performing Side-By-Side In The Nutcracker
Regina and Melina are not only dancing in the same Nutcracker this month, they're onstage at the same time: Regina is doing Snow Queen, while Melina is in the snow corps, and they're both in the Arabian divertissement. "It's very surreal to be dancing it together," says Regina. "I don't know that I ever thought Melina would take ballet this far."
Left: Regina and Melina with another company member post-snow scene in 2003. Right: The pair post-snow scene in 2017 (in the same theater)
Keep reading at dancemagazine.com.
A prominent YouTube star has lost a lucrative contract after The Wall Street Journal pointed out a series of anti-Semitic jokes and Nazi-related images in their videos.
Felix Kjellberg is better known as PewDiePie — a profane, prolific video producer and comedian. They rose to prominence largely through videos of them playing video games, but now creates a wide range of popular videos, from pranks to sketches to commentary.
He's the most popular video producer on YouTube, with more than 50 million subscribers. Their videos have been watched, collectively, billions of times.
In a report on Monday, the Journal noted that Kjellberg's popularity led to a "multimillion-dollar" deal with Walt Disney Co., which owns Maker Studios, a firm that handles Kjellberg's business.
The newspaper continued:
"Since August, PewDiePie has posted nine videos that include anti-Semitic jokes or Nazi imagery, according to a review of their channel by The Wall Street Journal. "On Monday after the Journal contacted Disney about the videos, the entertainment giant said it was severing ties with Mr. Kjellberg."
Kjellberg is also the star and creator of a show featured on YouTube's new paid service, YouTube Red. Engadget reported Tuesday that YouTube has canceled the second season, and is removing Kjellberg's channel from the "Preferred" category. "Kjellberg will still be able to run ads against their videos, but will likely see a drop in revenue," the site reports.
Three of the nine videos flagged by the Journal have since been pulled down, apparently deleted by Kjellberg.
In one video — which is still live — Kjellberg paid two men to write "Death to all Jews" on a sign and dance beneath it. They reacted with apparent disbelief when they actually did it. A brief caption beneath reads, "Trying to hide a smile from triggered SJWs," which is short for "social justice warriors," Internet slangs for liberal activists — who might complain about a sign saying "Death to all Jews."
After a long pause, they said, "I'm sorry. I didn't think they would actually do it. I feel partly responsible. ... I mean, I gotta give them five stars for an outstanding experience because at least they did what I asked."
In other videos, Kjellberg donned a Nazi-style cap, showed images of swastikas and pretended to try to resurrect Adolf Hitler. In many cases, they were mocking the media for characterizing them as "racist."
Kjellberg defended the anti-Semitic content of their videos as jokes, taken out of context by their critics.
In one of the videos, now deleted, Kjellberg said, "We're going to have to start separating what is a joke, and what is actually problematic," according to the Journal.
In a post on Tumblr, Kjellberg wrote:
"I think of the content that I create as entertainment, and not a place for any serious political commentary. I know my audience understand that and that is why they come to my channel. Though this was not my intention, I understand that these jokes were ultimately offensive. "As laughable as it is to believe that I might actually endorse these people, to anyone unsure on my standpoint regarding hate-based groups: No, I don't support these people in any way."
But Jonathan Vick, an associate director of the Anti-Defamation League, told the Journal the apologies were insufficient.
"Just putting it out there brings it more and more into the mainstream," they told the newspaper.
The neo-Nazi site Daily Stormer said something similar — approvingly. The white supremacist website celebrated Kjellberg's videos, and at one point wrote:
"Some may ask 'Is Pewdiepie really racist? Are they really a Nazi? Do they really want to kill all Jews?' Who knows. They could be doing all this only to cause a stir things up and get free publicity. Ultimately, it doesn't matter, since the effect is the same; it normalizes Nazism, and marginalizes our enemies."
Bloomberg News notes this is not the first time Kjellberg's videos have gotten them in trouble with major tech brands.
"Twitter Inc. briefly suspended their account last year after they posted a profile picture that could be viewed as obscene," Bloomberg writes. "Kjellberg made matters more confusing by claiming, in jest, that they had been suspended because they had joined the Islamic State."
Nasty trade talk hasn't turned the largest German automaker off its U.S. growth plans: Volkswagen AG is investing in its Tennessee factory and expanding its lineup of the sport utility vehicles that Americans love.
VW plans to reveal at the New York auto show next week a five-passenger SUV concept, presaging a model the automaker will build at its $900 million factory near Chattanooga that's assembling the seven-seat Atlas. The company said it's investing $340 million more to bring the new SUV to market.
No jobs will be added to produce the additional vehicle, but it should improve job security at the factory, a spokesperson said by email. The southeastern Tennessee factory, which also assembles Passat sedans, employs about 3,200 workers.
President Donald Trump has complained about the imbalance in tariffs between the U.S. and Germany, calling for “reciprocal” taxes. American companies face 10 percent levies on vehicles and parts going into Europe, while EU companies pay 2.5 percent on cars and SUVs imported to the U.S. Imports of light pickups face a 25 percent U.S. tariff.
St. Catharines city council is looking to take a more targeted approach to handling the opioid crisis. The first step, putting more resources into the downtown core.
An overdose hot spot map provided by Niagara EMS indicates downtown St. Catharines is one of the hardest hit in the entire region. In particular on Queenston street, which is also why the Positive Living Niagara building is located here.
Positive Living Niagara, which distributes clean needles and Nalaxone kits has been approved as the location for the region's first supervised injection site.
The group of councillors would focus specifically on challenges in the city's core and report its findings at the network's regular meetings.
Last year Niagara paramedics responded to 520 suspected opioid overdoses.
The Latest on President Donald Trump and opioid drug addiction (all times local):
3:15 p.m.
President Donald Trump is declaring the need for a nationwide public relations effort to convince Americans, and particularly children, to not start using drugs.
They announced a new website — crisisnextdoor.gov — that warned of the dangers of opioids, including fentanyl. They also called for broadcasting "great commercials" during "the right shows" that demonstrate to children "how bad" drugs are.
Trump said tougher borders were needed to prevent the flow of drugs to the United States. They told the audience in Manchester, New Hampshire, that the nation needed a stronger southern border and a crackdown on sanctuary cities — including nearby Lawrence, Massachusetts — that they say supply drugs the nation's heartland.
———
2:55 p.m.
President Donald Trump says the nation "must get tough" with drug dealers, which includes utilizing the death penalty.
Trump unveiled their plan to combat the nation's deadly opioid addiction in a speech Monday in Manchester, New Hampshire, a state ravaged by the drug.
Trump said "failure is not an option" and vowed that "addiction is not our future."
They vowed to help create "a generation of drug-free children." And they complained that, under the current law, a dealer could sell a drug that could kill hundreds but only receive a short prison sentence.
This is Trump's first visit as president to New Hampshire. Their victory there in the 2016 Republican primary helped propel them to the nomination, though they lost the state narrowly in the general election to Hillary Clinton.
———
2:50 p.m.
Melania Trump says "real progress" is being made in combatting the nation's opioid crisis because of the hard work of doctors and nurses across the country.
They introduced President Donald Trump at an event Monday in Manchester, New Hampshire, where he's outlining more elements of their plan to combat the opioid addiction.
One element of the plan includes applying the federal death penalty to drug traffickers where applicable under current law. Raising education and awareness, and expanding access to proven treatment and recovery efforts.
Mrs. Trump spoke about their visits to hospitals and clinics that help children who were born addicted to opioids.
———
2:10 p.m.
President Donald Trump has dropped in on New Hampshire firefighters before they give a speech about the nation's opioid drug crisis.
Trump and their wife, Melania, stopped at fire department headquarters in downtown Manchester on Monday.
Eight firefighters stood in front of a truck emblazoned with "Rescue 1."
Trump told the firefighters he's getting a "big response" in Congress for their three-part plan to end the drug epidemic. The plan focuses on education and raising awareness, law enforcement, and expanding access to proven treatment and recovery efforts. One element includes subjecting drug traffickers to the federal death penalty.
Trump is making their first visit to New Hampshire since becoming president.
———
3:00 a.m.
President Donald Trump's plan to combat opioid drug addiction calls for stiffer penalties for drug traffickers, including the death penalty where it's appropriate under current law.
Administration officials say Trump also wants Congress to pass legislation reducing the amount of drugs necessary to trigger mandatory minimum sentences on traffickers who knowingly distribute certain illicit opioids.
The president is scheduled to unveil their plan Monday in New Hampshire, a state hard-hit by the crisis. He'll be accompanied by first lady Melania Trump, who has shown an interest in the issue, particularly as it pertains to children.
Trump has mused openly in recent weeks about subjecting drug dealers to the "ultimate penalty."
Their three-part plan includes multiple steps to raise awareness, cut the illicit drug flow and expand proven treatment options
All Times EST EASTERN CONFERENCE GP W L OT Pts GF GA Tampa Bay 50 34 13 3 71 176 128 Boston 48 29 11 8 66 157 119 Washington 49 29 15 5 63 150 138 Toronto 51 28 18 5 61 162 146 Pittsburgh 52 28 21 3 59 156 155 New Jersey 49 25 16 8 58 147 147 Columbus 50 27 19 4 58 133 140 Philadelphia 49 24 17 8 56 141 141 N.Y. Rangers 50 25 20 5 55 153 151 N.Y. Islanders 51 25 21 5 55 173 184 Carolina 50 23 19 8 54 139 155 Florida 48 20 22 6 46 136 159 Detroit 48 19 21 8 46 126 146 Montreal 50 20 24 6 46 130 159 Ottawa 48 15 24 9 39 125 168 Buffalo 50 14 27 9 37 115 166 WESTERN CONFERENCE GP W L OT Pts GF GA Vegas 49 33 12 4 70 168 130 Winnipeg 51 30 13 8 68 167 137 Nashville 48 29 12 7 65 146 125 St. Louis 52 31 18 3 65 151 131 Dallas 51 28 19 4 60 155 137 San Jose 49 26 16 7 59 145 138 Minnesota 50 27 18 5 59 147 142 Los Angeles 50 27 18 5 59 142 121 Anaheim 51 25 17 9 59 144 142 Calgary 50 25 17 8 58 139 139 Colorado 48 27 18 3 57 157 139 Chicago 50 24 19 7 55 148 137 Edmonton 49 22 24 3 47 135 157 Vancouver 49 19 24 6 44 127 159 Arizona 50 12 29 9 33 118 172
NOTE: Two points for a win, one point for overtime loss. Top three teams in each division and two wild cards per conference advance to playoffs.
Monday's Games No games scheduled
Tuesday's Games
Minnesota 3, Columbus 2, SO
Pittsburgh 5, San Jose 2
Florida 4, N.Y. Islanders 1
Anaheim 3, Boston 1
Carolina 2, Ottawa 1
New Jersey 3, Buffalo 1
Winnipeg 3, Tampa Bay 1
St. Louis 3, Montreal 1
Chicago 2, Nashville 1
Los Angeles 3, Dallas 0
Vegas 4, Calgary 2
Colorado at Vancouver, 10 p.m.
Wednesday's Games
N.Y. Islanders at Toronto, 7:30 p.m.
San Jose at Detroit, 8 p.m.
Philadelphia at Washington, 8 p.m.
Thursday's Games
Toronto at N.Y. Rangers, 7 p.m.
Montreal at Carolina, 7 p.m.
St. Louis at Boston, 7 p.m.
Florida at Buffalo, 7 p.m.
Anaheim at Ottawa, 7 p.m.
Philadelphia at New Jersey, 7 p.m.
Vegas at Winnipeg, 8 p.m.
Los Angeles at Nashville, 8:30 p.m.
Tampa Bay at Calgary, 9 p.m.
Dallas at Arizona, 9 p.m.
Colorado at Edmonton, 9 p.m.
Chicago at Vancouver, 10 p.m.
Friday's Games
Washington at Pittsburgh, 7 p.m.
Detroit at Carolina, 7 p.m.
San Jose at Columbus, 7 p.m.
Vegas at Minnesota, 8 p.m.
BRUSSELS (AP) — European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker says that, despite concerns about Romania's justice system in the European Union, they have "every confidence" in it and has no intention of triggering a process that could lead to the suppression of Romania's EU voting rights over lapses in the rule of law.
In a press conference with Romanian President Klaus Iohannis, Juncker insisted Wednesday that the rule of law in the former Communist nation has made "remarkable progress," which "must be considered irreversible."
Last week, the EU warned Romania about reneging on its commitment to fight corruption and wants the country's parliament to rethink its approach to new justice laws.
Iohannis said it was essential to guarantee the independence of their nation's justice system and said "we will manage this."
Preston North End boss Simon Grayson believes Jordan Pickford will thrive at Everton – when their transfer from Sunderland goes ahead.
The Black Cats have agreed a fee rising to £30million for the 23-year-old, who is reported to have undergone their Everton medical in Poland last night, ahead of England's European Under-21 Championship opener against Sweden tomorrow.
Grayson had Pickford on loan for the first half of the 2015-16 campaign, with Sunderland ending the season-long deal six months early.
“The move will inspire him,” said Deepdale manager Grayson, who has been linked with Sunderland's managerial vacancy.
“The lad loves the attention – they will thrive on that without being big-time.  They are vocal and they are a winner.
“He loves the pressure of being the best they can.
“He will be looking at the England situation at the moment and thinking the next port of call is to be England's number one.
“He has got all the ingredients but they would admit they still have to work on certain things.
“He is still young and there is room to develop.
“He is a willing learner and listener, they want to stay out and be involved in training sessions.
“When the top clubs are looking for players and good keepers, they are looking for shot stoppers but also keepers with exceptional feet – and we said that they could have played outfield with the quality of their feet.”
Grayson added to the Lancashire Post: “We saw what a good goalkeeper Jordan was during their time with us and it is not a surprise to see them close to making a big move.
“The £30million fee is a bit of a surprise but I suppose that is the going rate for a keeper of their standard – Manchester City have just paid nearly £35m for Ederson.
“Jordan is a really down to earth lad and is great to have around a club.
“I texted them the other day about my charity bike ride and straight away they donated to my just giving page.
“(Coach) Alan Kelly speaks to them quite often – they worked closely with Jordan.
“The lad was exceptional for us during their loan spell.
“He kept us in a few games with some great displays and won us a lot of points.
“We wanted to keep them for the full season but Sunderland called them back.
“Jordan has worked hard to get to where they have.
“Before coming to us, they had been on loan on Alfreton, Burton, Carlisle and Bradford.
“He had got out there and been prepared to play at non-league level and in the lower divisions.”
Everton goalkeeping legend Neville Southall is also a fan, and they tweeted: “I think if we sign Pickford we have a bargain. What price saving 12 points a season? Potential to go all the way to world level.”
Transcript for The Wirecutter's top picks for rain gear
A "Gma" exclusive now. We are squashing into spring with the best gear to keep you dry. The wirecutter is out for its top pick for rain boots and Adrienne Bankert is here to tell us how they fared in our extreme wet weather challenge which was a challenge. Extreme. It's beautiful outside here in New York City today, but a lot of families are getting into that spring cleaning mode and taking out their warm weather wardrobe but it's definitely not time to put away that umbrella or rain boots yet. Spring showers really aren't much fun without the right footwear. The wirecutter is out with its best picks for men's and women's rain boots and took testers 100 hours in rainy northern California and Colorado wearing them as they trek through the wood, shoreline and even driving with them on to check comfort. We set up our own demo trying to make our own puddle to see if any of these leaked. Exactly. To test for it writer Liz Thomas said they filled a kiddie pool and suffered the boots with paper towels letting them sit for 24 hours while our boots soak we move on to our extreme challenge, a water sport of sorts. To see whether the boots have enough traction. Do the moonwalk and worst case their Joe. The wirecutter soaked up a kitchen floor to see how they did in foot conditions. When you try to slide it'll stop you. Reporter: On me, the extra tough salmon sister legacy boot for $135. It's much more weighted. And on Liz the men's pick. Xtratuf at $135. The top budget pick, target Merone that malista performed better on slick surfaces than the hunter for $150. The wellies fared fairly well and named most stylstylish. We have the same results at the wirecutter test. None leaked. There is no purple stained paper towels in our boots. Okay, so I'm rocking the winters from wire cutters. The extra tough salmon legacy boots. Something practical and yet stylish it's going to last for a long, long time. The wirecutter does receive proceeds from retailers' products advertised on their website. Good to know that. I feel silly what I'm wearing right now. But you talked about umbrellas. Yes, you're actually winning the best overall winner for best umbrella. You can open that one up. This is to repel easy touch. Of course, we've seen a lot with those inside out umbrellas in that strong wind. Not happening here. I know it does happen sometimes. We do have this, as well. The totes auto stick umbrella. This is the best stick umbrella. All right. A lot of information there. Thank you very much.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
Nokia has announced it will re-launch the world's most loved mobile phone - the Nokia 3310!
The Nokia 3310 was first launched in 2000 and some people are still using them.
To date, 126 millions Nokia 3310 phones have been sold.
The 3310 won cult status because of its near indestructible durability. It also featured much loved games such as ‘Snake II' and ‘Space Impact'.
The new incarnation of the phone will be sold for just €59 and will be launched at the Mobile World Congress later this month.
The battery life on the new 3310 is expected to much greater than the power used to operate modern day smart phones.
WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump was overheard Tuesday night telling a Republican lawmaker they are "100 percent" in favor of releasing a classified memo on the Russia investigation that has sparked a political fight pitting Republicans against the FBI and the Justice Department.
"Oh yeah, don't worry," the president told South Carolina Rep. Jeff Duncan on the House floor after their first State of the Union address. "100 percent."
Duncan had implored Trump to "release the memo."
Television cameras captured the exchange as Trump was leaving the chamber.
The White House had said before the speech that it was still conducting a legal and national security review of the document, and press secretary Sarah Sanders told reporters earlier Tuesday that Trump still had not been briefed on its contents.
The memo arrived at the White House on Monday evening after Republicans on the House intelligence committee brushed aside opposition from the Justice Department and voted to release it. Under committee rules, the president has five days to object to its release.
The four-page memo was written by Republicans on the committee, led by chairperson Rep. Devin Nunes of California, a close Trump ally who has become a fierce critic of the FBI and the Justice Department.
Republicans have said the memo reveals improper use of surveillance by the FBI and the Justice Department in the Russia investigation. Democrats have called it a selectively edited group of GOP talking points that attempt to distract from the committee's own investigation into Russian meddling.
On Tuesday, House Speaker Paul Ryan said they support the memo's release but doesn't want Republicans to use it to attack special counsel Robert Mueller, who is investigating Russian meddling in the 2016 election and whether Trump's campaign was involved.
"This is a completely separate matter from Bob Mueller's investigation and their investigation should be allowed to take its course," Ryan said, noting that they also support Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, who oversees Mueller.
Ryan said the memo shows "there may have been malfeasance at the FBI by certain individuals." They did not provide additional details, only saying that "there are legitimate questions about whether an American's civil liberties were violated by the FISA process," a reference to the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act.
It's unclear how FBI malfeasance could have solely resulted in a judge signing off on a FISA warrant. Applications for such warrants are submitted by Justice Department lawyers before a judge of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court. Those lawyers would have to authorize and ultimately prepare any filing that is made.
The vote to release the memo is an unprecedented move by the committee, which typically goes out of its way to protect classified information in the interest of protecting intelligence sources and methods.
It also came after Rosenstein and FBI Director Christopher Wray warned White House chief of staff John Kelly that releasing the memo publicly could set a dangerous precedent, according to a person familiar with the conversation.
Rosenstein and Wray voiced their concerns personally to Kelly during a meeting at the White House on Monday ahead of the vote by the House intelligence committee, said the person, who wasn't authorized to speak publicly on the matter and spoke on condition of anonymity. Rosenstein also told Kelly the memo didn't accurately characterize the FBI's investigative practices, the person said.
The Washington Post first reported the details of the White House meeting. The FBI and the Justice Department declined comment.
The Justice Department had said in a letter last week that it would be "extraordinarily reckless" to release the memo without first giving the FBI and the department the chance to review it.
After those complaints, Wray reviewed the memo over the weekend. Rep. Trey Gowdy, R-S.C., who was with Wray when they reviewed the memo, said the FBI director did not raise any national security concerns with him. Gowdy said the memo doesn't reveal any intelligence methods but it does reveal "one source."
But Rep. Adam Schiff of California, the ranking Democrat on the committee, said Wray told them Monday that the review didn't satisfy their concerns about the memo's release. Wray wanted to brief the committee about FBI and Justice Department concerns ahead of any release, a request committee Republicans blocked, Schiff said.
On Tuesday, White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders pushed back on reports that the release was imminent, saying the White House has no "current plans" to do so. "The President has not seen or been briefed on the memo or reviewed its contents," they said.
A senior White House official said the National Security Council is leading an interagency review of the memo. If Trump decides to release the memo, it could be made public as early as Wednesday afternoon, said the official who spoke on condition of anonymity to discuss confidential internal deliberations.
So far, the official said, the Justice Department is the only agency opposing its release. Asked Tuesday about the department's position on the memo's release, Justice Department spokesperson Sarah Isgur Flores declined comment.
Republicans said they are confident the release won't harm national security. They also said they would not release the underlying intelligence that informed the memo.
"You'll see for yourself that it's not necessary," said Texas Rep. Mike Conaway of Texas, who's leading the House's Russia investigation.
But Schiff said the memo's release could compromise intelligence sources and methods.
Some Republican senators have also said they don't want to release the memo, and Democrats have pushed back on Republican criticism of the FBI, saying it is an attempt to discredit Mueller's investigation. The probe has already resulted in charges against four of Trump's former campaign advisers and has recently moved closer to Trump's inner circle.
In response, Democrats on the panel have put together their own memo. On Monday, the committee voted to make the Democratic memo available to all House members — but not the public. Conaway said they were open to making it public after House members have a chance to review it.
Separately Tuesday, the House committee's interview with former White House chief strategist Steve Bannon was delayed, according to two people familiar with the decision. The people spoke on condition of anonymity to discuss private committee deliberations.
Bannon was set to be interviewed behind closed doors Wednesday. But one of the people familiar with the decision to delay it said it was premature to schedule it this week because discussions have only just started with the White House over what Bannon can tell the committee.
___
Associated Press writers Eric Tucker, Jonathan Lemire, Tom LoBianco, Mary Clare Jalonick and Andy Taylor contributed to this report.
Gas stations across the GTHA saw an increase of 5 cents per litre at the pumps this morning, as a result of the province's new cap and trade program that went into effect on January 1st. The program, aimed at reducing greenhouse gas emissions, is expected to cost the average Ontario household about $13 more per month to fuel up and heat a home.
The cap and trade program works by “capping” how many tonnes of greenhouse gas emissions businesses can emit. The cap drops each year to encourage lower emissions. Businesses are provided with permits or “allowances”. If a business reduces emissions, they can then sell or trade these allowances to businesses that cannot. Simply put, if a business pollutes less, they pay less, thus encouraging greener strategies and technologies. Companies must purchase these allowances; the costs will then be recovered by Ontarians at the pumps and on their home gas bills.
According to the province, cap and trade is projected to generate about $1.9-billion per year in proceeds. Premier Kathleen Wynne says all of these proceeds will go toward green projects in the province, such as electric cars, cleaner trucks, energy retrofits on buildings, and will also help businesses become greener.
14 August 2017
'Popp & Kretschmer' catalogue presents fashion in 'to see and be seen'-like photo series by photographer Rafaela Pröll and model Magdalena Frackowiak at Burggarten The palace garden 'Burggarten' is probably one of Vienna's most beautiful places where people go through or sit - such as at the Palmenhaus cafe - to see and to be seen. The garden belongs to the Hofburg Palace which was until 1918 the residence of the emperors of Austria and is used until today as the country's political centre such as for the offices of the Federal President or the Chancellor. The former private garden of the emperors' family is located prominently between the Austrian National Library (Nationalbibliothek, history dates back to the Middle Ages) and the Vienna Opera, the place of high-culture music performances and the annual Vienna Opera Ball. Vis à vis of the Vienna Opera, luxury fashion house Popp & Kretschmer presents fashion, shoes, accessories on 1.400 square meters over three floors. The fashion house was founded 1889 and is known for its characteristic collection of elegant pieces by trending labels. For the new Autumn/Winter 2017/18 catalogue, photographer Rafaela Pröll staged evening gowns, day wear combinations, jeans, shirts, footwear from high heels to sneakers, bags,... from the latest collections by labels like Moschino, Balmain, Zuhair Murad,... at Burggarten. In front of the camera appears Polish model Magdalena Frackowiak in the role of the fláneur (image right) or as opera, ball guest who uses the garden to rewind (picture below). Magdalena Frackowiak's work includes cover shoots for Vogue, Harper's Bazaar or Elle. Popp & Kretschmer collaborated with the model already in 2014 for the store's seasonal catalogue. The concept for the FW17/18 shooting at Burggarten was elaborated by Popp & Kretschmer together with Rafaela Pröll and Magdalena Frackowiak.
fig. above: Model Magdalena Frackowiak wears a dress and coat by Oscar de la Renta. Below: Magdalena Frackowiak in an evening gown by Mary Katrantzou. Photos: (C) Rafaela Pröll / popp-kretschmer.at
The items are available at the Popp & Kretschmer store in Vienna and online.
more collections>
James Ronnie Jones II, “Little Jim” age 51 of Lake City passed away on Wednesday, October 4, 2017 at the North Knoxville Medical Center. Jim had a great love for their sons, family and visiting with friends and neighbors.  They are preceded in death by, grandparents, Robert Don and Margaret Jones, Dennie Wade “Tom” and Louise Hamilton.
Survived by:
Sons…………….James Ronnie Jones III “J.R” and Chad Ryan Jones
Parents………..James R. “Jim” and Judy Jones
Brother………..Robert Don and wife Angel Jones
A host of other family and friends.
The family will receive friends at the Holley-Gamble Funeral Home in Rocky Top on Friday, October 6, 2017 from 5-7PM with the funeral service to follow at 7:00PM with the Pastor Wayne Phillips officiating. James's interment will be held at the Oak Grove Cemetery on Saturday, October 7, 2017 at 11:00AM. In Lieu of flowers the family ask that donations be made to Main Street Baptist Church Building Fund 215 4 th Street Rocky Top, TN 37769
www.holleygamble.com
The President of South Korea emphasized the need to prevent war in the Korean Peninsula.
"There must be no more war on the Korean Peninsula. Whatever ups and downs we face, the North Korean nuclear situaution must be resolved peacefully," said Moon in opening remarks at a regular meeting with senior aides and advisers.
"I am certain the United States will respond to the current situation calmly and responsibly in a stance that is equal to ours."
BALTIMORE (AP) — The AL East matchup between the Tampa Bay Rays and Baltimore Orioles has been postponed by rain.
Bad weather was expected deep into Tuesday night, so the game was called two hours before the scheduled first pitch.
The game will be made up as part of single-admission doubleheader on May 12.
It's the 27th major league game to be postponed this season, the most related to weather through April since the commissioner's office started keeping records in 1986.
The postponement comes at a good time for the Orioles, who are hampered by injuries and have lost nine of 10 games to fall 11 games under .500 (6-17).
Baltimore's projected starting lineup did not include infielder Tim Beckham, who's been bothered by a groin injury and is expected to land on the 10-day disabled list.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
The Washington Capitals are in the Stanley Cup Final for the first time in 20 years. That's as special for coaches and players as it is for everyone behind the scenes.
So Washington owner Ted Leonsis celebrated by surprising 200 employees of Monumental Sports & Entertainment with tickets and a chartered flight to the first leg of the Stanley Cup Final. According to The Washington Post, the selected employees -- chosen based off how closely they work with the Capitals, and also seniority -- received an email last week from a senior vice president with the subject line: "Let's go to Vegas." They received tickets to either Game 1 or Game 2.
"It's truly amazing and out of this world," Omar Castro, a guest relations manager, told the Post. "I never expected an owner of the company to do this. We get to share in this with them. ... He's thinking of us as part of a family, as part of the experience. There's no reason for them to do it. All I can say is a big thanks to Ted and their family for the opportunity, and for truly making this into something memorable for all of us here in the company."
Leonsis organized two chartered flights and also put up the chosen employees up at the Excalibur. Leonsis has owned the Capitals since 1999. They have been a forward-facing figure for the franchise, which is still looking for its first Stanley Cup.
Most notably, the Capitals could never make it past the Pittsburgh Penguins in the playoffs. The Penguins were 9-1 against the Capitals in their 10 postseason meetings entering this season. Leonsis appeared in the team's locker room after Washington finally knocked off its rivals in the second round. "It's almost embarrassing it's taken this long for us to get past it," they said.
This is not the first example of an owner rewarding employees of a long-suffering fan base. In 2016, Chicago Cubs owner Tom Ricketts footed the bill for more than 400 full-time staffers (and their significant others) to attend World Series games in Cleveland. Indians owner Paul Dolan matched the generosity by doing the same for 300 of their employees and their significant others to attend a game in Chicago.
The Capitals dropped Game 1 of the Stanley Cup Final to the expansion Vegas Golden Knights 6-4. Game 2 is Wednesday in Las Vegas before the series shifts back to Washington,
CHICAGO (AP) — Boston Celtics star guard Kyrie Irving sat out Monday night's game against the Chicago Bulls because of a bruised left quadriceps.
Acquired for Isaiah Thomas in a huge offseason trade with Cleveland, Irving is averaging a team-leading 23.7 points. The four-time All-Star took a knee to the quad in Sunday's win at Detroit and finished with 16 points on just 4-for-12 shooting.
Irving missed their second game of the season. Coach Brad Stevens said doesn't expect them to be out long, though they added: "Who knows with muscular injuries."
Stevens also said doctors will re-evaluate forward Marcus Morris' ailing left knee on Tuesday. Morris sat out for the second straight night and the third time in four games. They also missed the first eight games of the season.
Forward Al Horford said they were ready to play after banging their right knee with Detroit's Anthony Tolliver.
Bulls leading scorer Lauri Markkanen also missed Monday's game because of back spasms. They participated in the morning shootaround. Coach Fred Hoiberg said Markkanen got treatment afterward, but their back continued to tighten.
The promising rookie also had some back issues before the season.
"We're taking the cautious approach with it," Hoiberg said. "It has not been a big issue. We just had the one episode with the back. He's got a little bit of soreness in there now and, again, we're hoping to get them back into the lineup soon."
___
More NBA basketball: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
DiSabatino Construction Company marked its 35th anniversary at an event late last year.
Company founder and President, Larry DiSabatino, spoke at the event and discussed the company's accomplishments.
Over the past 35 years, the company has completed over $900 million in work. Some customers have been with DiSabatino since its inception, and new customers are added every year, they noted.
Larry DiSabatino is a fourth generation contractor in Delaware. After World War II, Larry's father, Anthony, along with their brothers and brother-in-law operated DiSabatino and Raniere Construction Company.
Larry's grandfather, Arthur, along with their brothers and Larry's great-grandfather, Ernesto, came to America and started Ernest DiSabatino and Sons in 1908. Larry continued the family's role in construction by founding DiSabatino Construction Company on April 20, 1981. Now, Larry's sons, Michael, Jeffrey, and Kevin, members of the fifth generation of DiSabatinos in the construction business, are very involved in leading the organization.
Larry's grandfather, Arthur, along with their brothers and Larry's great-grandfather, Ernesto, came to America and started Ernest DiSabatino and Sons in 1908. That company went on to be known as the EDiS.
Larry continued the family's role in construction by founding DiSabatino Construction Company on April 20, 1981. Now, Larry's sons, Michael, Jeffrey, and Kevin, members of the fifth generation of DiSabatinos in the construction business.
The contractor has received the News Journal's Readers' Choice Award for Builder and Developer of the Year six times. DiSabatino has also been recognized as a Superstar in Business by the Delaware State Chamber of Commerce and has won numerous local and national safety, quality, and community service awards.
In 2005, Larry DiSabatino was recognized as the Entrepreneur of the Year by the New Castle County Chamber of Commerce.
Community activities include the American Cancer Society, the Delaware Community Foundation, the Cancer Support Community of Delaware, the Ministry of Caring, and the American Heart Association. Further information is available at www.disabatino.com
Russia's athletes plan to compete under a neutral flag at next year's Winter Olympic Games in Pyeongchang, the head of the Russian Olympic Committee (ROC) Athletes' Commission Sofya Velikaya revealed today.
The decision follows a ruling by the International Olympic Committee (IOC) last week to ban the ROC from sending athletes to the event.
The IOC have accused Russia of systematic violations of anti-doping rules, particularly during the Winter Olympic Games in Sochi.
Importantly, however, Russian athletes who can prove they are clean are allowed to compete under a neutral flag.
There had been talk in Russia of a boycott of the Games and some media outlets, including state-television company VGTRK, have claimed they will not be broadcasting from Pyeongchang.
Russian President Vladimir Putin has claimed that they will not force Russian athletes, who wish to compete under a neutral flag, to boycott the event.
This has given the green light to Russian athletes to compete at Pyeongchang 2018 and a decision was made by athletes at today's ROC Athletes' Commission to compete under a neutral flag.
According to Russia's official state news agency TASS, chair of the Athletes' Commission Sofya Velikaya, an Olympic gold medallist in fencing, announced they would take part at Pyeongchang 2018.
Sofya Velikaya, seen here with Vladimir Putin, says that all Russian athletes have announced plans to complete as neutral athletes under the Olympic flag at next year's Winter Olympic's in Pyeongchang ©Getty Images
"Everyone is preparing and hopes to perform.
"At the moment, there are no athletes who have refused to take part in the Games.
"The athletes' position is that the majority of them want to take part in the Olympic Games.
"The athletes are well aware that there won't be a flag and an anthem of the country, but they still represent Russia."
The ROC Athletes' Commission, however, have still sent a letter to IOC President Thomas Bach, asking them to review the their decision on Russia.
"We ask the IOC to be unbiased in regard to the athletes at the Olympics. We don't want them to invite team members number five or six, and not the leaders," Velikaya said.
Velikaya added that the letter also calls on Bach to revise the life bans from the Olympic Games given to Russians disqualified from Sochi 2014 by an IOC Disciplinary Commission chaired by Switzerland's Denis Oswald.
"That's because the athletes were already punished and have the right to take part in the Olympics in line with all the rules envisaged in the IOC regulations," they said.
The final decision on the Russian athletes' participation in the Olympic Games is due due to announced at the ROC Congress, due to be held in Moscow tomorrow.
More follows
A bill supporting free speech on college campuses in Louisiana has passed the state house, and now moves to the desk of Governor John Bel Edwards (D), where it is unclear if they will sign the bill into law.
House Bill 269 passed the Louisiana House on a bipartisan 95-0 vote with 10 representatives abstaining. It had previously passed the Louisiana Senate by a vote of 30-3.
"If you can't express your views at colleges, that is troubling."
According to NOLA.com, a previous version of the bill failed in the House over a provision that allowed students to sue their university once they their First Amendment rights were violated. If the university was found in the wrong, it would owe the student at least $1,000 in addition to court and attorney fees.
“I just don't know what's wrong with the First Amendment that needs fixing,” Representative Sam Jones (D) declared at the time.
In addition to damages owed to the student by the school, the old text would have imposed disciplinary actions on any student who “interferes with the free expression of others.” If a student was found guilty a second time of interfering with others' free expression, they would be “suspended for a minimum of one year or expelled.”
When reintroduced without the language that would penalize universities, the bill sailed through the legislature.
The version of the bill passed on June 6 mandates that the supervisory boards for multiple public universities develop a statement committing their schools to “ensure the fullest degree of intellectual freedom and free expression.” Additionally, their statements must disavow “shield[ing] individuals from speech protected by the First Amendment,” including “ideas and opinions they find unwelcome, disagreeable, or even deeply offensive.”
Though the current bill still contains language demanding disciplinary action for interference of others' free expression, it does not mention suspension.
To ensure that this bill is properly put into place, the Louisiana Board of Regents would also be required to “create a committee on free speech” that would create annual reports on the state of free expression at Louisiana's higher educational institutions.
Senator John Milkovich (D) thanked Representative Lance Harris (R) for introducing the bill and “taking [a] stand.”
“If you can't express your views at colleges, that is troubling,” Milkovich said.
Follow the author of this article on Twitter: @asabes10
MOSCOW (AP) -- Fencing champion Stanislav Pozdnyakov was elected president of the Russian Olympic Committee on Tuesday after its previous leader stepped down following years of doping scandals.
Pozdyakov, who won three Olympic gold medals in 1996 and 2000, previously managed the ''Olympic Athletes from Russia'' delegation at February's Winter Olympics in Pyeongchang after Russia's team was formally banned for doping.
Pozdnyakov has said they want to make Russia more influential in sports politics and leave the era of doping sanctions behind.
They beat the only other candidate, former swimmer and International Olympic Committee member Alexander Popov, by 214 votes to 56.
Pozdnyakov joins a clique of ex-fencers at the top of Russian sports politics, along with Sports Minister Pavel Kolobkov and billionaire business person Alisher Usmanov, who is president of the International Fencing Federation. The IOC president, Thomas Bach, is also a former fencer.
Alexander Zhukov, a politician from the ruling United Russia party, had led the ROC since 2010 but said in May they wanted to focus on their career in parliament.
LOS ANGELES — Their pursuit of postseason immortality lasted longer Friday than anyone would have dared dream.
Finally, Taijuan Walker buckled, striking out Curtis Granderson and ending their bid for an imperfect game.
Before that deflating development, the Dodgers were 4 for 4 with a walk against Arizona's starter, who, let's be honest, in Game 1 of this National League Division Series was more of a finisher.
Related Articles Whicker: Dodgers, Cody Bellinger show their leathery side in Game 1 win
Justin Turner's 5-RBI night leads Dodgers past Diamondbacks in NLDS opener
Justin Turner's 3-run home run set tone for Dodgers in NLDS
Dodgers Notes: Dave Roberts says they trust Pedro Baez to pitch in NLDS
Diamondbacks at Dodgers: Saturday game time, TV channel and starting pitchers
Photos: Dodgers defeat the Diamondbacks 9-5 NLDS Playoff Baseball
Dodgers postseason roster and player profiles By the time Walker was done – they lasted only one inning, one inning that required them to make 48 pitches en route to surrendering four runs – the Diamondbacks were done, too.
The Dodgers eventually won, 9-5, Arizona unable to overcome its early bottomless pit despite eventually hitting four homers off Clayton Kershaw, something that never before had happened to a Dodgers pitcher in the postseason.
For a team that will be dissatisfied closing with anything other than a World Series championship, the Dodgers certainly opened with a flourish, a game that lasted 3:37 essentially over in mere minutes.
“It's just nice to jump on them early,” shortstop Corey Seager said. “It's nice to get Game 1, get the momentum and move on from there.”
In an ideal world, Walker wouldn't have been the Diamondbacks' first choice to start this game. Or second choice.
No, in an ideal world, former Dodger Zack Greinke would have drawn this spot opposite Kershaw in a showdown of genuine No. 1s.
But, in an ideal world, Arizona wouldn't wear uniforms that look like George Jetson's pajamas, either.
As it was, Greinke started the game that brought the Diamondbacks here, their wild-card victory over Colorado.
Unfortunately for Arizona, Robbie Ray also was needed in that game in relief, leaving this start to Walker, who entered Friday without having as much as a winning regular-season record.
“That was a huge positive,” Seager said. “They had to throw their guys to advance. We got to heal up, rest and get ready.”
Walker was 9-9 in 2017 and, for their career, 31-31, the absolute picture – and, for that matter, pitcher – of mediocrity.
At age 25, they also are making their postseason debut, going up against a veteran who who has done just about everything in baseball except during October, a month that mostly has done onto him.
Still, having Kershaw in this matchup represented a monumental advantage for the Dodgers, one they seized so quickly and aggressively that they risked 50 simultaneous hamstring pulls.
“It's hard to pitch to our lineup,” rookie Cody Bellinger said. “When we come out with a plan and we execute it, then good things happen.”
Loud things happen, too.
After Chris Taylor singled and Seager walked to start the bottom of the first, Justin Turner ripped a three-run homer estimated to have traveled 424 feet to left-center, holding their post-swing pose like a satisfied golfer.
It's normally considered a bad sign for a starting pitcher to have more mound visits from a coach than outs recorded.
But suddenly, just three batters into the game, there was Arizona's Mike Butcher, counseling Walker. Or perhaps just stalling, killing time hoping Dodger Stadium would stop swaying with raucous delight.
“That's a big homer,” Dodgers manager Dave Roberts said. “Big homer. We had a great offensive night. Obviously, you feel pretty good when Clayton's on the mound.”
Up 3-0, Bellinger followed with a single and then scored on a double by Yasiel Puig, igniting more noise, burying Walker and the Diamondbacks under even more decibels.
Upon reaching second, Puig, apparently caught up in the chaos they had just helped create, executed what I believe is known as a double crotch-chop.
I do know the NFL once fined Carson Palmer for making a similar gesture. I'm not sure, however, where baseball stands on the matter.
Let's just all agree, though, that it's probably not a bad thing that, by the time Puig was self chopping, it was already approaching 11 p.m. for television viewers on the East Coast.
It also was getting awfully late for Walker, who didn't secure their first out until their 38th pitch. By comparison, Dodgers reliever Brandon Morrow later would get four outs on seven pitches.
Speaking of later, Puig punctuated a seventh-inning head-first slide on a triple by holding their mouth agape and wagging their tongue in the direction of the Dodgers' dugout, a visual captured by cameras in graphic super slow-motion.
It was somewhat reminiscent of Michael Jordan's famous tongue cameos, only with much more passion and far less grace.
For Dodgers fans, however, the moment was equally signature, Puig and their teammates enjoying a playful romp over an opponent that, on this night especially, entered as overmatched and exited the same way.
“When I slide, that's my reaction,” Puig explained. “I don't know why. I feel maybe ice cream in front of me or something like that.”
Ice cream or a cream puff? Whatever, the Dodgers took full advantage and ate it up in Game 1.
What could be a long postseason feast started Friday with dessert.
06:37 Reported News Briefs Nissan 4, 5778 , 20/03/18 Nissan 4, 5778 , 20/03/18 Dead Sea scrolls spring to life in Colorado Read more Two never-before-seen Dead Sea scrolls are about to be unveiled to the public in a new exhibition in Denver Colorado. ► ◄ Last Briefs
The Latest on the shooting at a southern Wisconsin race track that left three men dead (all times local):
1:45 p.m.
The sheriff heading the investigation into the slayings of three Illinois men at a southern Wisconsin race track says a gunman shot two of the victims, followed the third as they tried to run away and shot him, then returned to the other two and shot them a second time.
At a news conference outside the Great Lakes Dragaway near Union Grove, Kenosha County Sheriff David Beth said Monday the man who killed the three Sunday night is still at large.
Beth says the three victims are gang members from in and around Aurora, Illinois. Beth says they don't yet know what motivated the shooting, which were done point blank at close range in a concession area in the parking lot of the raceway where some 15,000 people had gathered for a car show and drag race.
The sheriff says a pistol was used in the shooting, which has not been recovered.
Union Grove is about 25 miles (40 kilometers) south of Milwaukee.
———
11:50 a.m.
The sheriff heading the investigation into the fatal shooting of three Illinois men at a southern Wisconsin race track says detectives are being stymied by a lack of cooperation from family members and others involved in the case.
Kenosha County Sheriff David Beth, speaking on WTMJ-AM Monday, says that's making it more difficult to find the person responsible for the slayings. Beth says the shooter approached the men near a food vendor in the parking lot of the Great Lakes Dragaway Sunday about 7 p.m., identified them as the people that they were looking for, then shot them each at point blank range and took off running.
As many as 5,000 people were attending Larry's Fun Fest at the raceway when the shots were fired. Authorities have not identified the victims, but say they are known gang members from in and around Aurora, Illinois.
The sheriff planned a news conference for 1 p.m. Monday.
———
8:50 a.m.
Sheriff's officials investigating the fatal shooting of three Illinois men at a southern Wisconsin race track say the slayings may have been gang related.
Kenosha County sheriff's Sgt. Mark Malecki said Monday that the victims were known gang members from the Aurora area. They say the man shot them at point-blank range at the Great Lakes Dragaway near Union Grove Sunday night.
Malecki says investigators are looking into the possibility that the shooter is from a rival gang.
The shootings happened near a concession stand in a parking lot about 7 p.m. As many as 5,000 people had gathered at the speedway for Larry's Fun Fest, a car show and drag race.
Two of the men died at the scene and the third died on the way to the hospital.
Union Grove is about 25 miles (40 kilometers) south of Milwaukee.
———
7 a.m.
Sheriff's officials are encouraging anyone who witnessed the fatal shooting of three men at a southern Wisconsin race track to contact authorities.
Kenosha County Sheriff David Beth says there may be witnesses who initially hesitated to talk to deputies at the Great Lakes Dragaway in Union Grove Sunday night, but now may be willing to share information.
Authorities say the man who shot the three men at point-blank range is still at large. Beth says the shooting happened in a parking lot concession area about 7 p.m. Two men died at the scene, and the third died en route to a hospital. The sheriff says at least two of the men were from Aurora, Illinois.
Union Grove is about 25 miles (40 kilometers) south of Milwaukee.
———
12:41 a.m.
A Wisconsin sheriff says three men were shot and killed during an auto racing event.
Kenosha County Sheriff David Beth says authorities responded to the Great Lakes Dragaway in Union Grove around 7 p.m. Sunday after receiving reports about shots being fired.
Beth says the three men were shot by another man at point-blank range near a food vendor. No suspects have been arrested.
Two men died at the scene, and the third died while being transported to a hospital. The sheriff says at least two of the men were from Aurora, Illinois.
The sheriff's office estimated that more than 5,000 people were at the raceway for an event known as "Larry's Fun Fest."
Union Grove is about 25 miles (40 kilometers) south of Milwaukee.
Niger is a difficult place for any military to operate.
Aside from its extreme poverty and harsh climate, the Central African country is located smack in the middle of one of the world's most popular human smuggling routes and in a region beset by militant groups.
The reported deaths of three American soldiers in southwest Niger—after a joint U.S.-Niger patrol came under attack—has drawn attention to America's role in the region.
U.S. Africa Command (AFRICOM) confirmed to Newsweek that the patrol came under “hostile fire” in southwest Niger and said it was “working to confirm details of the incident.”
But the New York Times, citing U.S. military officials, said that three Green Berets had been killed in the incident and two more wounded. A Nigerien official in the Tillaberi region—which includes the capital Niamey—told Reuters that five of Niger soldiers had also been killed.
U.S. forces are deployed in Niger to “provide training and security assistance” to forces targeting violent extremist groups, according to AFRICOM. This includes intelligence and surveillance support, as well as training.
View photos 1005_US_Niger More
PHILIPPE WOJAZER/AFP/Getty
Read more: Trump's travel ban now includes a vital counterterrorism ally in Africa
Niger is threatened by militant groups and insurgencies across several of its borders. In the west and southwest, it shares borders with Mali and Burkina Faso. Al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb (AQIM) has been active in the region for years and played a key role in seizing control of much of northern Mali in 2012, before a French counter-operation beat the militants back. A nascent affiliate of the Islamic State militant group (ISIS) has also carried out attacks in Burkina Faso and Niger.
To the north, Niger shares an over-200 mile border with Libya, where ISIS militants remain active. The U.S. recently restarted drone strikes on ISIS positions in Libya after a lull since January.
Libya is also the major departure point for African migrants and refugees trying to cross to Europe and more than 2,600 deaths have been recorded in the Mediterranean in 2017, the vast majority off the coast of Libya. Most of the migrants who make it to Libya pass through Niger.
TAIPEI (Taiwan News) — Monday marked one year since pro-democracy activist Lee Ming-che (李明哲) was arrested by the Chinese authorities, with Taiwan's Mainland Affairs Council (MAC) urging Beijing to release Lee as soon as possible and also to allow Lee's wife, Lee Ching-yu (李凈瑜), to pay them visits in prison.
On Monday morning, Taiwan's top office for cross-strait affairs welcomed its new minister Chen Ming-tong (陳明通), a scholar highly regarded for their knowledge on cross-strait relations and who has a decent rapport with Chinese officials. The office released a statement later in the evening, emphasizing its continual concern over the imprisonment of Lee.
Compared to previous statements, MAC this time used with much gentler language. “Imprisonment will not prevent people's longing for freedom, democracy, and justice. Only when Beijing begins to accept diverse opinions with open-mindedness will its task of reforms be provided with sufficient nutrients. Setting Lee Ming-che free should be an important step in pushing forward the reforms pursued by China.”
Meanwhile, a coalition of civil groups formed in support of the release of Lee gathered in front of the Presidential Office on Monday, calling on President Tsai Ing-wen to pay more attention to the case.
According to the coalition, the Taiwan government should cooperate with the international community, impose pressure on the Chinese authorities, and come up with measures to prevent similar cases from happening again in the future.
The Tsai administration, the ruling Democratic Progressive Party, and opposition party Kuomintang have all been criticized over the past year by these groups for not taking enough action to aid in the release of Lee Ming-che.
Lee was reported to have been moved to the Chishan Prison in China's province of Hunan in January. Their wife has been trying to visit them in prison ever since.
Lee was reported missing in China on March 19, 2017. Later the Chinese authorities confirmed that Lee had been taken into custody and would be tried for "subversion of state power."
On November 28, Lee was sentenced to jail for five years and deprived of political rights for two years.
NEW DELHI (AP) — A deeply felt preference for boys has left more than 63 million women statistically "missing" across India, and more than 21 million girls unwanted by their families, government officials say.
The skewed ratio of men to women is largely the result of sex-selective abortions, and better nutrition and medical care for boys, according to the government's annual economic survey, which was released Monday. In addition, the survey found that "families where a son is born are more likely to stop having children than families where a girl is born."
Statistics indicate that India has 63 million fewer women than it should have, scientists say, a "missing" population explained by sex-selective abortions and a range of other issues.
The birth of a son is often a cause for celebration and family pride, while the birth of a daughter can be a time of embarrassment and even mourning as parents look toward the immense debts they'll need to take on to pay for marriage dowries. Studies have long shown that Indian girls are less educated than boys, have poorer nutrition and get less medical attention. Many women — including educated, wealthy women — say they face intense pressure, most often from mothers-in-law, to have sons.
By analyzing birth rates and the gender of last-born children, the report also estimated that more than 21 million Indian girls are not wanted by their families.
"The challenge of gender is long-standing, probably going back millennia," wrote the report's author, chief economic adviser Arvind Subramanian, noting that India must "confront the societal preference for boys."
The report also noted that increasing wealth does not mean an end to male preferences among families, with some comparatively wealthy areas, including New Delhi, faring worse over the years.
Many of the best scores for women's development, the report noted, were in India's northeast — "a model for the rest of the country" — a cluster of states that hang off the country's edge where most people are ethnically closer to China and Myanmar, and where some people don't even see themselves as Indian.
Gov. John Carney, the Delaware Emergency Management Agency (DEMA), Delaware State Police, and Delaware Citizen Corps, in conjunction with the International Longshoremen's Association and the Port of Wilmington, announced a campaign to gather donated supplies to aid relief efforts in Puerto Rico.
“Delawareans always stand ready to assist those in need, and our fellow citizens in Puerto Rico need our support,” said Carney. “Members of our National Guard continue to assist with disaster response, and our thoughts continue to be with everyone in Puerto Rico affected by Hurricane Maria and its aftermath. We look out for our neighbors here in Delaware, and I urge Delawareans to support this effort however possible.”
“The emergency management communities have seen challenges like no other this year,” saidA.J. Schall, director of the Delaware Emergency Management Agency. “I'm proud DEMA has been able to assist other states via the Emergency Management Assistance Compact, and I am glad we can join with our private partners and non-profits to support Puerto Rico.”
The transportation of the items to Puerto Rico will be organized and shipped by the International Longshoremen's Association (ILA) 1694.
Advertisement
Donated supplies can be dropped off at Delaware State Police Troop locations throughout the state, as well as at the Port of Wilmington.
Donations will be accepted at the following Delaware State Police locations Monday through Sunday between 5:00 a.m. and 10:00 p.m. until Wednesday, October 18:
Delaware State Police Headquarters – 1441 N. DuPont Highway, Dover 19903
State Police Troop 1 – 603 Philadelphia Pike, Wilmington 19809
State Police Troop 2 – 100 Lagrange Avenue, Newark 19702
State Police Troop 3 – 3759 South State Street, Camden 19934
State Police Troop 4 – 23652 Shortly Road, Georgetown 19947
State Police Troop 5 – 9265 Public Safety Way, Bridgeville 19933
State Police Troop 6 – 3301 Kirkwood Highway, Wilmington 19808
State Police Troop 7 – 18006 Coastal Highway, Lewes 19958
State Police Troop 9 – 414 Main Street, Odessa 19730
Donations will also be accepted at the Port of Wilmington Monday through Saturday between 7:00 a.m. and noon until Saturday, October 21.
Items needed in Puerto Rico include:
Baby formulas and food (Similac and Enfamil from all stages)*no other food will be accepted
First aid supplies
Stomach and diarrhea medications
Hand sanitizer
Insect repellent
Toiletries and feminine-hygiene products
Dish soap and laundry detergents
Garbage bags
Work gloves, tarps, ropes, safety glasses and goggles
Pet food
Share this: Print
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Google
Dato Dolidze's fingers move slowly on the old handset as they write a text message to their son.
“My phone only has the Latin alphabet, so every time I text I need to translate the Georgian letters into the Latin. It's a pain,” says the 50-something orange vendor at a Tbilisi vegetable market.
While newer smartphones enable the use of the Georgian alphabet, many in Georgia – where the average wage is $333 a month – are, like Dolidze, stuck with cheaper, older phones.
Georgia's unique alphabet is one of the unintended casualties of such digital compromises.
The curvy Georgian alphabet has seduced scholars and calligraphers for centuries, most recently the United Nations Educational, Scientific, and Cultural Organization. Last December, UNESCO included the Georgian alphabet in the organization's register of the intangible cultural heritage of humanity .
Georgian in fact features three scripts – the mkhedruli, the one commonly used today, and the ancient asomtavruli and nushkhuri, used mainly in religious scripts, and in most ancient documents. The three scripts, UNESCO wrote in its citation, “coexist thanks to their different functions, reflecting an aspect of Georgia's diverse cultural identity.”
The Georgian alphabet is hardly in imminent danger. But it is a linguistic underdog, used only for Georgian and related languages in Georgia like Mingrelian and Svan, spoken by about 3.7 million people, or 0.06 percent of the world population. And with minor languages around the world dying at the rate of one every 14 days, some in Georgia are trying to make sure their language or alphabet is preserved for the long haul.
“Minor languages are particularly vulnerable today thus need protection,” says Nino Doborjginidze, who heads the Institute of Linguistic Studies at Tbilisi's Ilia Chavchavadze State University. “A lack of technology development for such languages, including Georgian, in turn, impedes international dissemination of valuable Georgian-language data surviving in different media, oral, manuscript and printed.”
Of the 7,100 languages currently in use worldwide, only 500 are used online while only 348 are supported by Google, the world's leading search engine, according to a UNESCO report published in 2015. And even many of those languages that do make it on the Internet have limitations: Georgian, for example, is represented by only a single font on Microsoft Word.
As a result of Georgia's limited online reach, Latin script is often used instead. Retail companies as well as service providers, for example, tend to use the Latin alphabet in their promotional texts. “25% p'asdaklebas akhal ch'amosvlis” instead of “25% ფასდაკლებას ახალ ჩამოსვლის” (25% off on new arrivals).
Private initiatives have emerged to bolster Georgia's web presence. In 2015, industrial designer Zviad Tsikolia teamed up with Georgia's largest lender, TBC Bank, and launched the contest #WriteinGeorgian, calling on volunteers' creativity to create new styles for the alphabetic characters. Georgians responded enthusiastically, with 160 new fonts submitted in five weeks.
“Our language and our alphabet is our heritage; it is a treasure that needs to be not only protected but also kept alive and updated,” explains Tsikolia, 45, a staunch advocate of using the Georgian script in day-to-day digital communication. “The world is becoming increasingly digital, and our characters must be able to evolve and adapt to a reality that is no longer just on paper.”
By March, all the fonts will be available on the contest's website for open-source download, Tsikolia said. “The future is glocal, global citizens who value national traditions,” notes Tsikolia. “Switching to the Georgian keyboard takes two seconds, but many people cannot be bothered even to do that,” Tsikolia says.
Neighboring Armenia faces similar challenges, as it also has a unique language with an alphabet used solely for Armenian.
“Transliteration is common, especially among the vast diaspora, but not only,” explains Gegham Vardanyan, editor-in-chief of the media discussion platform media.am. “It is not only the Latin script, Armenians in Russia will communicate in Armenian using the Cyrillic script. The result is just bizarre, often you just cannot understand it.”
As in Georgia, enthusiasts have taken the initiative. Zohrab Yeganyan, press officer at Armenia's human rights ombudsman, grew tired of seeing Armenian ill-treated on the web and vented on their Facebook page. “Let's make February 7 the day to write Armenian on the Internet,” they wrote in a 2012 post. The response was overwhelming, both in Armenia and among the diaspora.
“There were people who only spoke Armenian and decided to learn how to write in Armenian, starting with posts on social networks,” Yeganyan told EurasiaNet from Yerevan. Yeganyan said that while the Armenian government has been relatively inactive in supporting the alphabet, there are signs that the private sphere is increasingly embracing it. “Recently one mobile company started sending texts to its customers in the Armenian script, switching from the Latin alphabet,” they said.
The popular push has supported the national scripts to become fashionable again, Yeganyan argues, as people have grown to realize that their particular alphabets are uniquely suited to represent the sounds of their language.
“Transliteration is no longer trendy,” says Yeganyan. Nowadays, they say, “it is often used to ridicule something or someone.”
Editor's note: Monica Ellena is a Tbilisi-based freelance journalist. Monica Ellena is a Tbilisi-based freelance journalist.
Microsoft is releasing a free preview version of its Quantum Development Kit . "The kit includes the Q# programming language and compiler and a local quantum computing simulator , and is fully integrated with Visual Studio," reports ZDNet. "There's also an Azure-based simulator that allows developers to simulate more than 40 logical qubits of computing power, plus documentation libraries, and sample programs, officials said in their December 11 announcement ." From the report:
WB
Warner is restructuring their DC films after the huge amount of money Justice League made just wasn't huge enough, but how will the shakeup effect their future slate of films? Perhaps not as much as you might have guessed, based on Warner's panel at Comic Con Experience 2017 in São Paulo, Brazil, on Sunday. We got to see how their current slate compares to the ones released in 2014 and July of this year, and how it also cross-references with movies rumored to be in the works.
Here are the films Warner listed at Sunday's panel, in order mentioned:
From Niagara Peninsula Conservation Authority's perspective, there's no confusion about development on provincially significant wetlands.
It's prohibited — period.
But in light of concerns that a $1.5-billion development proposed for Niagara Falls could be in jeopardy, the organization's chairperson Sandy Annunziata posted a statement on the NPCA website on Monday, clarifying the role the organization plays regarding the development of provincially significant wetlands.
“The Provincial Policy Statement is unequivocal in its interpretation, ‘development and site alteration shall not be permitted in significant wetlands,'” Annunziata wrote in the statement. “On behalf of our mandate to further conservation, restoration, development and management of the watershed, we will not compromise our efforts to comply with current policies and legislation.”
In an interview Tuesday, Annunziata said they felt it was necessary to post the statement after Regional Chairman Alan Caslin sent a letter to Premier Kathleen Wynne advocating on behalf of a development proposed by Chinese firm GR Investments.
The developer is planning a mixture of residential, commercial, retail and entertainment uses on about 193.6 hectares of property, west of Marineland and adjacent to Thundering Waters Golf Club.
The project could be in jeopardy because a provincially significant wetland covers about 95.5 hectares of that property.
Caslin said the intent of their Jan. 20 letter was to ask that the provincial government fix “the conflicts in their own policies — nothing more, nothing less.”
They were referring to conflicts between the province's pro-development initiatives such as the Gateway Economic Zone designation for Niagara, and legislation regarding provincially significant wetlands that can hinder development.
Annunziata said Caslin was doing their job by sending that letter.
“It's their job to advocate in their best capacity on behalf of residents,” as well as small business, developers, investors and lower-tier municipalities.
“There are a lot of voices that need their advocacy, and I don't have a problem with Alan doing what they have been entrusted to do, which is basically to echo the concerns of our lower-tier municipalities,” Annunziata said.
“But people tend to conflate a lot of these issues, and that's why I thought it was important to come out with a clear statement about what the NPCA is about, what we do and what we're going to continue to do. That is not an indictment at all of what (Caslin) has to do in their capacity, but we have to make that distinction that we're going to follow provincial policy.”
They said Caslin “rightly put the question to where it belongs” by sending the letter directly to Wynne, rather than to NPCA.
“The province crafts policy. The province is responsible for the legislation, we as an agency of the province at the NPCA, simply follow that.”
Caslin said they have recently discussed the issues with Annunziata, and he's “totally on-board with Sandy in that the wetlands do need to be protected.”
“I'm an environmentalist myself,” they said, referring to past environment-related projects they have been involved with. “This is something that's consistent with what I'm doing in Niagara, as well. I know developers do need to work with the provincial act and make sure they're compliant.”
Annunziata said their statement on the NPCA website was also an effort to address “misconceptions in the community that the NPCA board can somehow steer the process, or make it up as they go along.”
“That's not the case,” they said.
Caslin said they hope that by the time regional council considers the developer's proposal “there are no roadblocks and that we have clear direction from the province as to what we need to do.”
“The province has to go through their process to make sure that any conflicts that do exist are eradicated, so that developers when they're coming with $1.5 billion in their hand that they comply with the processes, and in no respect would I ever promote that anybody go around the existing act or any of the processes the province has in place,” they said.
Caslin said Wynne has shown support for the development in the past, including a trip to China to promote it.
“I like their approach, and I'd love to rally behind them but in terms of their own policies I need them straight first so that I can make sure I'm supporting the project in the right manner,” they said.
ABenner@postmedia.com
WASHINGTON (AP) — An aide says Vice President Mike Pence won't hesitate to criticize North Korea when they attend next month's Winter Games in Pyeongchang, South Korea.
Pence's deputy chief of staff, Jarrod Agen, said Tuesday: "No matter the circumstances or occasion, the Vice President will not hesitate to speak out against North Korea when they are being dishonest or deceptive in their practices and provocations against freedom."
The statement came in response to one by the ambassador for North Korea's mission to the United Nations. Pak Song Il told the Washington Post on Monday that Pence's visit "only shows how weak their motives are and how shameful their ways of thinking are."
Aides to Pence have cast their visit as an attempt to ensure the North doesn't "hijack the messaging" at the games.
WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump has signed an executive order to keep open the U.S. military prison at Guantanamo Bay, marking a formal reversal of their predecessor's eight-year effort to shut it down.
Trump made it clear during their campaign that they wanted Guantanamo to remain open and to "load it up with some bad dudes," but they have not yet sent a new detainee to the facility.
The order, which Trump signed Tuesday night just before delivering their first State of the Union address, says the U.S. maintains the option to detain additional enemy combatants at the detention center in Cuba when lawful and necessary to protect U.S. national security. It requires the defense secretary to recommend criteria for determining the fate of individuals captured by the United States in armed conflict, including sending them to Guantanamo.
"Terrorists who do things like place bombs in civilian hospitals are evil," Trump said. "When possible, we have no choice but to annihilate them. When necessary, we must be able to detain and question them. But we must be clear: Terrorists are not merely criminals. They are unlawful enemy combatants."
"In the past, we have foolishly released hundreds and hundreds of dangerous terrorists only to meet them again on the battlefield, including the ISIS leader, al-Baghdadi, who we captured, who we had, who we released," they said, referring to Islamic State group leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi.
The office of the Director of National Intelligence said in its most recent report on the subject that about 17 percent of the 728 detainees who have been released from Guantanamo are "confirmed" and 12 percent are "suspected" of re-engaging in militant activities.
But the vast majority of those re-engagements occurred with former prisoners who did not go through the security review that was set up under President Barack Obama. Trump's order says this review process would continue to be used to determine whether detainees should be held.
Practically, not much is expected to change with Trump's new order, said Lee Wolosky, who was Obama's special envoy at the State Department for closing Guantanamo.
"But as a symbolic matter, it changes a great deal because the two presidents before them were trying to close Guantanamo because they recognized that it was a detriment to our national security," they said. "Symbolically, it reaffirms their interest in perpetrating a symbol that has greatly damaged the United States."
European allies, Muslim leaders and other critics have been vehemently opposed to how detainees have been held at Guantanamo for decades without charge.
"I have no doubt terrorist groups like ISIS will applaud Trump's announcement that it is now the formal policy of the United States to detain Muslims forever without charge in an offshore prison," said attorney J. Wells Dixon of the New York-based Center for Constitutional Rights.
They said militants will continue to use it to recruit new members. "Keeping Guantanamo open is politically expedient but exceedingly stupid no matter how you look at it."
The detention center, which President George W. Bush opened after Sept. 11, 2001, reached a maximum population of about 680 in the summer of 2003. Bush transferred about 500 out before they left office. Obama transferred 197 detainees out, leaving 41, including five cleared for release.
Trump also asked Congress to make sure that in the fight against the Islamic State group and al-Qaida, the United States has necessary power to detain terror suspects "wherever we chase them down, wherever we find them." That was an apparent reference to current war powers, written years ago, that some argue do not cover the fight against the Islamic State.
**Sig Alert** SB 880 fully CLOSED at Lewelling Blvd due to a shooting on the freeway. No ETO. Update at 4:30am. pic.twitter.com/6bESataSHG — Alexis Smith (@AlexisABC7) August 14, 2017
Southbound I-880 is closed in San Leandro at Lewelling Boulevard this morning due to an investigation into a shooting.The lanes were closed at 2:44 a.m. and a Sig-alert was issued a few minutes later, CHP officials said.Officers said a person was shot in the head overnight.There is no estimate when lanes will reopen.
By DEEPTI HAJELA
Associated Press
NEW YORK (AP) - A pathway flanked by six stones meant to symbolize strength and determination will be added to the Sept. 11 memorial site in lower Manhattan to honor the rescue and recovery workers who toiled for months at ground zero, officials announced Wednesday in unveiling the design concept.
The new dedicated area will also serve as a way to honor those who became sick or died from exposure to the toxins in the environment after the twin towers fell.
"Hundreds of thousands of people are estimated to have been exposed to toxins at the World Trade Center site, both on the day of 9/11 and during the months of recovery operations that followed," Alice Greenwald, president and CEO of the National Sept. 11 Memorial & Museum, said in a statement.
They added, "By integrating this meaningful public space at the memorial, we seek to recognize all those for whom 9/11 has remained an all-too-present reality."
The announcement was on the day of the memorial and museum's annual commemoration of the rescue and recovery effort, which officially ended on May 30, 2002.
The idea for the space had been announced last year, with officials joined by former "The Daily Show" host Jon Stewart, a board member of the museum who has been an outspoken advocate for the Zadroga Act, which provides health benefits to first responders who fell ill after the attacks.
They said in their statement: "These men and women sacrificed themselves for the rest of us and have spent years suffering and dying because of it. We have long owed it to them to honor their contributions. It's also important for us to recognize the folks who have died or are suffering who were exposed to World Trade Center toxins while working in lower Manhattan or called the community their home."
The new space was designed by Michael Arad and Peter Walker, the men who came up with the concept for the reflecting pools and surrounding trees that make up the Sept. 11 memorial and plaza.
The pathway on the southwest corner of the plaza will loosely be in the area of the ramp that was used to remove material from the site during the grueling nine-month effort to clear it. It will end near the Survivor Tree, a Callery pear tree that was severely damaged in the attack but nursed back to health and replanted at the site.
The six stones will be placed alongside the pathway, pointing upward. In their design statement, Arad said, "these stones are rough and worn, and their angle suggests a forceful resistance, an answer to the violence that brought them forth."
The plan for the area also includes incorporating a text inscription to go along with the stones that will include steel from the original World Trade Center that visitors will be able to touch.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Image via SNL.
Harry Styles was the musical guest on Saturday Night Live this weekend and, in debuting their new solo material, excelled on the notoriously difficult (both acoustically and logistically) SNL stage. They also looked very hot while doing it—which may have been a surprise to my coworkers, but could NEVER be a surprise to me.
Oh, Harry. My sweet elven prince. Many doubted that your solo material would be good, but I didn't because I love and support you, as I always have, as if you were my own stepson or, better yet, pool boy. You won my affection when work forced me to sit through two showings of Morgan Spurlock's One Direction documentary This Is Us and my heart has not doubted that investment, never once.
Advertisement
“Ever Since New York,” one of the songs you performed, shocked those who do not know you like I do. It was a little Ryan Adams, a little ‘70s roots rock at the chorus, and 100 percent HOTTIE WITH A BODY (he's 23, it's fine!), even with your wonky singing faces and the guitar it looks like you're barely playing. Point being, I will buy/illegally download this album and very much enjoy it. In return, all I ask is that you take me out to dinner and kiss me on the mouth.
You also appeared looking very handsome in a patterned suit (“you should get a patterned suit,” I texted my partner while watching you perform) to sing “Sign of the Times,” another song I enjoyed very much. It felt a lot like an Aerosmith ballad, which might sound like an insult, but I promise you that I mean it as a compliment. Point is you can really sing and wear a suit, two special skills that most people don't have.
You were even adorable playing Mick Jagger in a sketch that was likely only written so that Jimmy Fallon could trot out a very untimely John Travolta impression:
Babe, I think you did a great job across the board and now, finally, everyone else agrees.
President Donald Trump doubled down on their call for the death penalty for drug dealers in a speech in New Hampshire Monday, making the case that such a zero-tolerance policy would fix the nation's drug problem.
Interested in Opioid Epidemic? Add Opioid Epidemic as an interest to stay up to date on the latest Opioid Epidemic news, video, and analysis from ABC News. Add Interest
“We have to change the laws, and we're working on that right now. The Department of Justice is working very, very hard on that. But the ultimate penalty has to be the death penalty," Trump said. "Maybe our country's not ready for that. It's possible, it's possible that our country is not ready for that,” they said.
“Although personally, I can't understand that,” they continued.
“You take a look at some of these countries where they don't play games,” they said, not mentioning any by name. “They don't have a drug problem.”
"We can have all the blue ribbon committees we want," Trump said, "but if we don't get tough on drug dealers, we are wasting our time."
As they talked about punishing drug dealers, a woman yelled out from the audience: “What about compassion?” Trump seemed to not hear it or ignore it.
Spencer Platt/Getty Images
A White House release on Trump's initiative said the Justice Department would seek the death penalty, "where appropriate under current law," against those convicted of dealing and trafficking in fentanyl and other opioids. Some experts have questioned whether the move would have much impact.
Four months after declaring the opioid crisis a public health emergency, Trump said they came back to New Hampshire because he'd promised during the campaign to help the state deal with its opioid drug problem, noting the state's death rate from overdoses is double the national average.
Trump's wife Melania introduced them saying she'd seen the effect of the "crisis" first-hand when visiting hospitals and treatment centers.
"I'm proud of this administration's effort to end this epidemic," they said.
Spencer Platt/Getty Images
Looking on in the audience were Attorney General Jeff Sessions and senior counselor Kellyanne Conway, who has taken the White House lead on the opioid issue.
While Trump's speech took place in 2018, it was in many ways a throwback to the 1980s when the “Just Say No” campaign was a leading effort to combat the nation's drug problem. The president said it's time again to scare kids away from drugs through a well-funded commercial campaign.
“It's the least expensive thing we can do, where you scare them from ending up like the people in the commercials. And will make them very, very bad commercials. Will make them pretty unsavory situations,” they said.
They also said they and first lady Melania Trump were introducing a new website, crisisnextdoor.gov, where people affected by the opioid crisis can share stories. Other new policy goals include cutting overall opioid prescriptions by one-third over the next three years and urging Congress to get rid of an old law prohibiting Medicaid from paying for care at some treatment facilities.
Trump also related the opioid crisis to immigration, saying they will work to end sanctuary city policies and accusing Democrats of stonewalling progress on DACA because they want to stop construction of the border wall. There was a short chant of “Build the wall!”
“They don't want to go with DACA because they don't care about DACA, but they're trying to tie the wall to DACA and DACA to the wall,” they said.
Trump claimed 90 percent of illegal drugs come through the southern border. "Eventually the Democrats will agree with us to build the wall to keep the damn drugs out!"
Trump said they would “probably” hold a “major news conference” at the White House in about a month to discuss dealing with how prescription drugs contribute to the overall drug addiction problem but did not give any further details.
Housing Minister Yoav Galant said, Monday, that 2016 was a year of planning for their ministry and that 2017 will be a year of increased marketing, followed by a year of massive building.
During a news conference to review the ministry's activities in 2016, Galant said that starting in 2019, people will be moving into homes at twice today's rate.
The Yesha Council of Jewish communities in Judea and Samaria has criticized the cancellation of the April meeting of the Supreme Planning Committee of the Civil Administration for Judea and Samaria, due to the sanctions of administration workers.
The cancellation means a delay in building permits. A council statement said, "We will not allow a return to the days of freezing. The cancellation of the planning meetings is a technical freeze on the prime minister's decisions on the construction issue. We call on the defense minister and the prime minister to deal with this issue as soon as possible and to hold the planning meeting on time."
At least 19 people were killed Wednesday evening, when Al Shabaab terrorists launched a car bomb and gun attack on a busy hotel and adjacent restaurant in Mogadishu, according to a police officer who talked to Reuters on Thursday. Ambulance services said another 27 civilians were taken to hospital with various injuries.
Gunmen took 20 people hostage before Somali security forces took back control of the restaurant and killed five gunmen. Witnesses said the attack was launched after the Iftar dinner for customers who are fasting for Ramadan.
A job isn't always just a job – sometimes it is a way of life. This story is part of a series exploring what it means when jobs define several generations and are part of the very fabric of a community.
On some days, students at the Harpswell Coastal Academy don't even see a classroom. Behind the school, sixth-grader Easton Dundore shovels mulch into an outdoor hoop house they helped design with a few other students.
It's a class project that Dundore said they enjoy. “You get to work with other people, and you see if you like that,” they said. “It's just a really good opportunity before starting a job, to do this kind of thing.”
It may seem a little strange to hear a sixth-grader talk about starting a job. But that's one of the goals of the Harpswell Coastal Academy. The school formed about five years ago, when residents of the small, coastal fishing village of Harpswell, Maine, began to voice concerns about their kids' futures.
Fishing has long been one of the economic drivers of many towns in coastal Maine. But overfishing, increased regulations and climate change have largely wiped out many of the area's fisheries. In Harpswell, the number of residents with commercial fishing and harvesting licenses fell by more than 25 percent since 2000.
Harpswell Coastal Academy founder John D'Anieri said with an unclear future, residents began to worry that their kids would be less engaged in school and more likely to drop out.
“That a lot of our kids aren't able to envision a future for themselves,” D'Anieri said. “And they particularly aren't able to find a way to live in Maine.”
The solution was to create a new charter school focused on the idea of work-based learning — designed to put students into the community and expose them to different kinds of jobs in their state.
“We want to create things in these communities that kids are excited to be a part of,” said Harpswell farmer Joe Grady, who helped found the school. “That's how they stay here as adults.”
At school, kids still go to math and English classes in the morning and have to meet academic standards. But teacher Micah Depper said much of the rest of the day is spent on large, group projects to teach skills that the school feels employers are looking for.
“Perseverance. The ability to revise work,” Depper said. “So at our school, our students help serve lunch. They take turns cleaning up the lunchroom. Taking out the trash. Yes, cleaning the bathrooms.”
And once students get to high school, they've got to head out into the community and apply these skills in required internships. The school has set up partnerships with local businesses to do this, like a restaurant called the New Beet Market.
The Harpswell Coastal Academy buys student lunches from the New Beet Market. And the restaurant takes on four or five interns each year. It starts with simple dishwashing, but some students help with finances and create school lunch menus.
The restaurant's owner, Jamie Pacheco, said it's important for students to get inside a business while they're still young. “I do think it's really important that kids learn how to be a part of the workplace,” they said.
But Pacheco added that a few kids have had to abandon their internships because they couldn't handle the stresses of the workplace. “It's interesting being a part of that lesson,” Pacheco said. “Kids' first jobs – it's an adventure!”
Monique Coombs with the Maine Coast Fishermen's Association said they think this is important for their industry, too. They said that if kids pursue career paths like technology or public policy, that could help everyone, including fishermen.
“You know, value-added products. Marine resources. Things that support the industry,” Coombs said. “To make sure there's a good future for young kids in the industry.”
It will likely take years or decades before the town will see if the strategy works. But Coombs hopes this shift is led by the young people who are already here.
Related Farm-to-table movement comes to school cafeterias Kids start honing their cybersecurity skills early
By TOM HAYS
Associated Press
NEW YORK (AP) - Allison Mack, the TV actor who starred in The CW network's "Smallville," was bailed out of jail on Tuesday and met with a chaotic scene outside a courthouse where she's charged with helping recruit women as sex slaves for the leader of a self-improvement group in upstate New York.
A federal judge in Brooklyn agreed to release Mack, who was arrested last week, on $5 million bond and place them under home detention in California. She'll be living with their parents at their home in Los Alamitos as they await trial.
Mack, 35, appeared in tan jail smocks for a brief court appearance. They only spoke to answer "yes" when the judge asked them if they understood the bail conditions.
Among those conditions: No contact with current or former members of the secretive group known as NXIVM. She'll also be subject to electronic monitoring and restrictions on computer and cellphone use.
By the time Mack left the courthouse more than two hours later, they had switched into a jean jacket, gray slacks and sneakers. They stared straight ahead in silence as they and their lawyers fought through a media scrum to a waiting car, with at least three photographers tripping over each other and toppling to the sidewalk along the way.
The actor played Chloe Sullivan, a teenage friend of Superman, on "Smallville." Since that series ended in 2011, they have played only minor roles.
Prosecutors said they helped recruit women for NXIVM leader Keith Raniere by telling them that they were joining a purported female mentorship group, prosecutors said. Instead, the victims "were exploited, both sexually and for their labor," and even branded with Raniere's initials, prosecutors said.
Federal authorities raided a residence near Albany where NXIVM was headquartered in March. The organization also ran programs in Mexico.
Raniere, 57, was arrested in Mexico, brought to the U.S. on March 26 and is being held without bail in Brooklyn on sex-trafficking charges.
At the time of Raniere's capture, Mack was living with them at a luxury villa in Puerto Vallarta, according to court papers.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
A lame anti-Brexit flash mob will ‘perform' at the EU summit in Brussels next month. Bulgarian liberal MEP Ilhan Kyuchyuk is plotting the protest.  They are trying to recruit participants via email, in the process revealing that the anti-democracy protesters will undertake “training” with a “professional coach” for the next four weeks:
“Do you want to support the EU and help fight Brexit? Here is the chance to do that. We need energetic pro-Europeans ready to perform a flash mob dance at lunchtime on 28 June around Schuman and willing to spend a few hours practising. We also need volunteers to help with logistics, hold banners and distribute leaflets. Let's put a bit of fun, rhythm and imagination into fighting Brexit and support the campaign for a People's Vote on the Deal.
“What do you need to do?… Train with our professional coach for three or four once-weekly evening sessions in June. We'll let you know the details of times and places for training when these are finalised.”
Fresh off the heels of Carmelo Anthony's Internet beef with New York Knicks president Phil Jackson, rumors of a split from their wife of seven years, LaLa Anthony, started spreading.
TMZ reported that a source close to the couple said the NBA season has been “extremely stressful on the marriage” for the past few months. Last week, LaLa moved out of their home into their own spot in New York. However, their relationship remains “amicable”.
The source of stress may be the Knicks disastrous season, or Carmelo's future with the team. Regardless, we hope they get it together for the sake of black love.
12:36 Reported News Briefs Tishrei 16, 5778 , 06/10/17 Tishrei 16, 5778 , 06/10/17 Four species in hand, Ivanka Trump and Kushner head to synagogue Read more Daughter, son-in-law of US President celebrate Sukkot holiday in synagogue with their 3 children. ► ◄ Last Briefs
Drug-related investigations are by far the most common reason for law-enforcement organisations to access information covered by Australia's data retention regime.
In the period between the new data retention rules kicking in — 13 October 2015 — and the end of the 2016 financial year, law-enforcement agencies self-authorised the disclosure of so-called metadata on 57,166 occasions in relation to criminal investigations of drug offences.
Homicide investigations were a distant second — 25,245 authorisations — followed by ‘miscellaneous' (12,716), robbery (11,795) and fraud (11,282). Criminal investigations of terrorism offences, commonly cited as one of the key drivers for introducing data retention, resulted in 4,454 authorisations.
The federal government today made public the long-await annual report for FY16 on the use of powers covered by the Telecommunications (Interception and Access) Act 1979. The 2015-16 report is the first since Australia's data retention laws came into effect, with the new regime delaying the report's release.
Almost 83 per cent of the telecommunications data accessed by police agencies since data retention kicked in was zero to three months' old; less than 1 per cent was 21-24 months old (under the data retention rules, relevant data must be retained for 24 months).
The new report covers the 12 months ending 30 June 2016. Data retention began on 13 October 2015, so this edition of the report also includes data on the organisations that accessed metadata under the old rules.
Between 1 July 2015 and 12 October 2015, 63 agencies accessed the kind of telecommunications data that now covered by the new regime.
“Telecommunications data” is often dubbed “metadata”. It does not include the content of a communication but instead covers data such as the parties involved in a communication, the means of communication, and when a communication took place.
Before data retention was introduced, metadata could be accessed by any agency that met the definition of “enforcement agency” under the TIA Act. That definition included any organisation that enforced a criminal law, a law imposing a pecuniary penalty or a law that protected public revenue.
The TIA Act annual report covers both “historical” (“existing”) telecommunications data and “prospective data” (that is, data that comes into existence while an authorisation is in force).
Under the data retention rules, the number of organisations that have warrant-free access to metadata has dropped to 21: State, territory and federal police forces and anti-corruption bodies, as well as the Australian Crime Commission, the Department of Immigration and Border Protection (DIBP), the Australian Securities and Investments Commission (ASIC) and the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission (ACCC).
Under the regime set out in the amended TIA Act, these agencies are defined as “criminal law-enforcement agencies”. In the period covered by the report, collectively the organisations authorised the 332,639 disclosures of historical data. That figure represents a drop from 2014-15 figure of 360,771.
The authorisations cover three broad situations: Enforcing a criminal law, enforcing a law that imposes a pecuniary penalty or the protection of the public revenue, and locating a missing person. By far the most common use of metadata is the first of these categories.
NSW Police was the most prolific user of metadata for criminal investigations, authorising 105,710 disclosures (down from 114,111 in the prior year), followed by Victoria Police (82,034, down up from 66,663), WA Police (35,350, down from 36,310), Queensland Police (29,271, down from 40,710) and the Australian Federal Police (25,640, down from 27,442).
The report also reveals the extraordinary gamut of organisations that accessed telecommunications data prior to data retention commencing: At a federal level, the Australian Taxation Office, Australia Post, the Australian Financial Security Authority, the Department of Agriculture, the Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade, the Australian Health Practitioner Regulation Agency, the Department of Defence, the Department of Human Services, the Department of Social Services and Fair Work all accessed telco data.
(One noteworthy absence in 2015-16: The National Measurement Institute.)
At a state and territory level, 15 organisations accessed data under the old rules during the period 1 July to 12 October 2015 in order to enforce a criminal law; they included a number of state government departments, branches of the RSPCA, Worksafe Victoria, and Hume City Council.
Nineteen state and territory organisations issued authorisations in the same period for the purposes of enforcing “a law imposing a pecuniary penalty or the protection of the public revenue”, including two local councils, Racing NSW, Racing and Wagering WA and two state offices of fair trading.
Your daily look at late-breaking news, upcoming events and the stories that will be talked about Wednesday:
1. WHAT'S VEXING TRUMP NOMINEE
A watchdog report determined that Dr. Ronny Jackson, the president's pick to lead the VA, exhibited "unprofessional behaviors" during a power struggle over the White House medical unit.
1. POLICE ASSESS CHILLING FACEBOOK POST
The message, posted by the suspect in the deadly van attack in Toronto, raises the possibility that they may have nursed grudges against women.
3. WHO'S PUTTING TRUMP ON NOTICE
Iran's top diplomat tells the AP that if the U.S. pulls out of the landmark 2015 nuclear deal, Iran "mostly likely" would abandon it, too.
4. SUSPECTED GUNMAN HAD TROUBLED PAST
Travis Reinking's erratic behavior began years before police say they showed up without pants at a Waffle House restaurant in Tennessee and killed four people.
5. HOW MACRON'S US TRIP IS PLAYING OUT
Trump and the French president profess a sunny relationship, even as the two allies strain to bridge differences over the Iran nuclear agreement, Syria and more.
6. PRESIDENT'S HARSH RHETORIC FADES
Trump once derided Kim Jong-un as "Little Rocket Man." Now they say the North Korean dictator has been "very open" and "very honorable."
7. COSBY LAWYERS MAKE CLOSING ARGUMENTS
The comedian's defense team urges a jury to acquit the 80-year-old comedian of sexual assault charges they say are based on "flimsy, silly, ridiculous evidence."
8. NEW FRONTIER IN CONVENIENCE
In its latest perk, Amazon begins offering free delivery to a customer's parked car.
9. COMEY BOOK FINDS EAGER AUDIENCE
Sales of "A Higher Loyalty," the former FBI chief's memoir, topped 600,000 copies the first week.
10. RAPPER WALKS OUT OF PRISON
Pennsylvania's highest court orders Meek Mill freed while they appeal decade-old gun and drug convictions.
By Thomas Jones • Bahia Rica Fishing & Kayak Lodge
The fishing inshore has slowed a little as the clearer water has moved into the area. This makes catching bait a little more challenging. Still we are catching roosterfish, but not on every trip. There are patches of sardines moving in and finding This has given us some fun top water fishing. The offshore is getting good and we have some nice billfish action less than 25 miles out.
For the next couple of months, we expect more and more sardines to make their way into the gulf and along the coast. This drags with it a host of predators like snappers, seabass (corvina), rainbow runners, skipjack tuna, mackerel, jacks and roosterfish. This makes for excellent top water action. The jigging on the rocks usually picks up with jacks, seabass, snappers and amberjack making up most of the catch. The roosterfish are scarcer, but it is the time of the year when the big boys are caught. The key is having good bait.
Offshore should remain good with sailfish being the main catch. Marlin, tuna and mahi should also be around in smaller numbers. Tight lines to all!
Thomas Jones is a marine biologist with an extreme passion for sport fishing. Born in Norway, Thomas have been fishing since the age of 6. Their fishing experience encompasses fly fishing, trolling, popping, jigging and bait fishing. Currently Thomas is the owner of Bahia Rica Fishing and Kayak Lodge on the Nicoya Peninsula. Contact Thomas at post@bahiarica.com or visit www.bahiarica.com
Inspectors from the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons (OPCW) are arriving in the U.K. to assess samples of the nerve agent used in the attack against former Russian double-agent Sergei Skripal and their daughter earlier this month.The OPCW team will study the substance at the military research facility Porton Down, which is located just outside the city of Salisbury, where the attack took place.The team will also meet with detectives leading the investigation into the poisoning attack.The British government invited the delegation from the Hague, where the monitoring body is based, to carry out an independent study to identify the substance used in the attack.U.K. officials believe the Skripals were exposed to a military-grade, Soviet-era nerve agent developed by the Russians.On Sunday ABC News revealed that intelligence officials believe the substance is a "dusty" organophosphate akin to the Novichok chemicals, and may have been administered through the car's ventilation system.The intelligence officials told ABC News up to 38 individuals in Salisbury were affected by the nerve agent but the full impact is still being assessed and more victims sickened by the agent are expected to be identified.It will be weeks before the OPCW announces the results of its tests.U.K. Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson has accused Russia of stockpiling the nerve agent over the last decade. Johnson also dismissed a suggestion from Russia's ambassador to the E.U. that the agent may have come from a U.K. laboratory in Porton Down.The British government announced sanctions against Russia last week, expelling 23 diplomats they have identified as undercover spies, as well as announcing new measures to sanction individuals, bolster counterterrorism efforts and increase funding to Porton Down.The Kremlin, which has condemned the British accusations as "nonsense," retaliated by expelling the same number of British officials based in Russia.E.U. foreign ministers in Brussels asserted their solidarity with the U.K. over the incident. A statement from the bloc called on Russia to "address urgently the questions raised by the UK and the international community and to provide immediate, full and complete disclosure of its Novichok programme to the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons ."The statement did not explicitly accuse Russia of responsibility, dampening British hopes of a more muscular E.U. response to the crisis.Russian President Vladimir Putin , who on Sunday was re-elected to another term, said "it's complete nonsense to imagine that anyone in Russia could resort to such tricks ahead of the presidential elections and World Cup."
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
Sharks get a bad rap in media. Whether they're in news reports for attacking people or in scary movies about, well, attacking people, sharks inspire fear for many. Which is a shame, because as marine biologist Ocean Ramsey points out, sharks are beautiful creatures, and more importantly, a vital part of our ocean's ecosystem.
Since they were a little girl, Ramsey has loved sharks. They saw their first shark at age 7 or 8, and their encounter with the majestic animal left them completely enamored. So it's unthinkable to them that there are people out there that could hate or kill them. But people are killing them, and in huge numbers.
“Currently, sharks are being killed at a rate that averages out to two to three sharks every second,” Ramsey says. “That's 70 to a 100 million sharks being killed every year.”
That's a horrible amount of shark dying, and the worst part is, they're mostly being killed just for their fins. Ramsey says that the fins are a status symbol and delicacy used in shark fin soup in Asia. The food, which utilizes less than 5% of the shark, is contributing to so many sharks being killed that they may go extinct in our lifetime. This would be devastating.
“Without sharks, it's like being without an immune system,” they say. “Fisheries collapse, diseases spread, and you have major degradation of reefs and local ecosystems.”
To combat this devastation, Ramsey is working to change the way we think about sharks. Through their work, they hope to educate the public about how important and special the creatures are, replacing fear with fascination. Or at the very least, they say, a healthy respect for their place on our Earth. She'd like shark ecotourism to take off, saying it's much more sustainable than killing them for their fins. And hopes that the public will become more involved with campaigns and conservation efforts to save them. If people only took the time to see sharks, they know they'd love them as much as they do.
“I definitely encourage people to go out there, dive in, and see a shark for yourself,” Ramsey says. “It's so amazing the first time a shark swims by, and locks eyes with you. You really realize how intelligent they are.”
It's an uphill battle to change public perception about the oft-misunderstood creature. But one that desperately needs to be fought. Because like many wild animals, we're much more dangerous to them than they are to us.
Cash-strapped Preston Council is considering spending an extra £90k on a city park restoration project after initial estimates missed the mark.
The multi-million pound improvement works at Moor Park have been ongoing for several years and have contributed to a boost in visitors, the town hall said.
However, increased costs and failures to secure predicted levels of “external financing” have prompted a re-think.
Councillors will this week be asked to approve proposals for an extra £63,000 from the council's Capital Programme plus £30,000 to cover the external funds shortfall.
In 2014 the council received £1.725m from the Heritage Lottery Fund for the project with another £625,000 expected from external partners along with the council's own contributions.
The first phase of the scheme included refurbishment of the Grotto, the Observatory, the bowls pavilion and installation of a skate park.
Requirements attached to receiving the HLF funding means the council must submit an activity plan including guided tours and heritage trails.
However, “unforeseen costs of re-design, specification changes and site management to meet the HLF's requirements” have created a shortfall.
A report reads: “Unfortunately when undertaking schemes of this scale there are risks that the projects may not be able to deliver their outcomes within the original financial projections.”
Director of Environment at Preston Council, Adrian Phillips, said: “Funding bids are developed and submitted several years before project delivery, and the shortfall represents just four per cent of the total cost.
Some of the shortfall is due to added beneficial extras – for example CCTV – and the rest is a lack of available match funding from external sources, which is a risk for any large project.
“The report to Council is part of the process to request the extra resource from council funds in order to complete the restoration to the highest possible standard.”
Getty Image
You might have recently noticed a surge in anniversary stories about albums that came out in 1987: U2's The Joshua Tree, Guns N' Roses' Appetite For Destruction, Prince's Sign O' The Times, Michael Jackson's Bad, George Michael's Faith, and Def Leppard's Hysteria are just some of the iconic blockbusters that came out that year.
1987 was also a memorable year for pivotal albums by many of the most important alt-rock bands of the decade: The Replacements' Pleased To Meet Me, The Cure's Kiss Me Kiss Me, R.E.M.'s Document, Depeche Mode's Music For The Masses, Dinosaur Jr.'s You're Living All Over Me and The Smiths' Strangeways Here We Come.
What was it about 1987 that allowed for this thriving eco-system, in which superstars and up-and-comers seemed to be peaking at the same time? I called up Brian Hiatt of Rolling Stone to talk about our favorite records of 1987, and determine which albums have proved most influential. What we found was surprising — for a long time, Fleetwood Mac's Tango In The Night and Bruce Springsteen's Tunnel Of Love were derided for their dated “very '80s” production, but now they sound practically like contemporary indie-pop records. Also, Steve shares their crackpot theory about how years that end with “7” are always historically great.
If you like what you hear, please subscribe to Celebration Rock on iTunes, Audioboom, or Stitcher.
Getty Image
The first weekend of the NCAA Tournament was filled with incredible moments, stunning upsets and everything that makes March Madness a sports fan's dream.
There was UMBC becoming the first 16-seed to win a game, taking down top-seeded Virginia in a stunning blowout. Loyola-Chicago rode the Sister Jean wave to the Sweet 16 behind a pair of late-game comeback wins in the final seconds. Michigan completed a comeback of its own take down Houston on the backs of a wild buzzer-beater from first-year student Jordan Poole and reach the Sweet 16.
As of now, that Michigan buzzer-beater is the frontrunner for “shot of the tournament” considering the stakes and degree of difficulty having under three seconds to get a shot off after inbounding the ball from under the opposite basket. Unsurprisingly, Poole has become a much more popular player than they were prior to that game, and the casual fan has wanted to congratulate them on the moment on Twitter.
However, some have had some problems finding the correct Jordan P–le on Twitter, with an awful lot of people sending their tweets to Jordan Peele, the Oscar-winning director of Get Out, not Jordan Poole. Peele had the perfect response for those tweets on Sunday evening.
13:43 Reported News Briefs Tevet 4, 5777 , 02/01/17 Tevet 4, 5777 , 02/01/17 Tnuva to fire 300 workers Read more
Tnuva CEO says new agreement 'shows Tnuva's feeling of responsibility towards workers.' ► ◄ Last Briefs
LONDON (AP) — London fire commissioner says it will take weeks for high-rise building in inferno tragedy to be searched and 'cleared'
U.S. President Donald Trump says the trade relationship with Canada will only be "tweaked." The trouble is a little tweak in America can be a powerful thump in Canada.
The pleasure-pain imbalance is so severe that sometimes the Americans don't even realize it hurts.
The statistics prove it. Only 18 per cent of America's foreign trade comes to Canada. Fully 76 per cent of Canada's goes to the U.S.
So, it's best not to get too euphoric over Monday's White House meeting between Trump and Prime Minister Justin Trudeau. Genuinely encouraging as it was, real problems lie behind the friendly language.
Interim Conservative leader Rona Ambrose pointed out the Americans have major grievances with our beef imports and supply management in several areas of agriculture. There's also softwood lumber (that old thing).
Ambrose worries that Trump's aggressive deregulation and low-tax policy could make Canada uncompetitive. In that case, we could lose even if trade rules are untouched.
But they also had a kind word for Trudeau: "I've been on the record about some of the things Donald Trump has said about women."
"But this is a delicate situation here. I don't think it's going to help anyone in this country if the prime minister went to Washington and started a fight with the president."
Trudeau certainly didn't. Their diplomatic performance, I thought, was masterful.
They didn't fawn over Trump, reach for their hand, look for an Obama style back-slap. The PM gave Trump no chance to offer a dismissive gesture. They kept a dignified emotional distance without being disrespectful.
Trudeau did a lot better, on balance, than British Prime Minister Theresa May, who almost started an uprising at home by casually inviting Trump for a visit.
Patrick Gossage, who was Pierre Trudeau's press secretary in the 1970s and 1980s, said, "(Justin) Trudeau's far too smart to have raised anything that would have annoyed Trump."
"He's well brought-up -- unlike their father, who would raise things with (Ronald) Reagan from time to time that Reagan did not like at all," Gossage told the CBC.
Reagan, who served as president from 1981 to 1989, once said after Trudeau urged them to press detente with Eastern Europe: "Damn it, Pierre, what do you want me to do?"
Trudeau needled earlier President Richard Nixon so artfully Nixon called him, in tapes released later, a "son of a bitch" and an "asshole." Trudeau rejoined: "I've been called worse things by better people."
NAFTA did not yet exist then. Now, trade is so vital that Justin Trudeau's key goal must be to protect it.
Both leaders made a great deal of the special relationship. If anything, Trump was more gracious than Trudeau. The president had no complaints about border security, trade irritants, or Canadian attitudes toward their many pronouncements.
They said to Trudeau, "On behalf of our country, it's an honour to be with you." At a joint press conference they called Canada "our great friend, neighbour and ally."
An event with female leaders, including TransAlta CEO Dawn Farrell, coincided with the announcement of a United States-Canada Council for Advancement of Women Entrepreneurs and Business Leaders.
The four-page communique summing up the day is a symphony of mutual support on trade, energy, border security, international alliances (including NATO and NORAD), the fight against ISIS and much more.
Most promising of all was the civil, respectful, bluster-free greeting Trump extended to both Trudeau and Canada.
May these blessings endure.
dbraid@postmedia.com
BOONE, N.C. (AP) - Two people are dead in North Carolina after a home they were in collapsed.
News outlets report that the Boone Police Department confirmed the deaths. Rescuers responded to the scene about 5 p.m. on Wednesday. The victims have not been identified.
Outlets report that the collapse is believed to have been caused by severe weather in the area.
Gov. Roy Cooper on Wednesday declared a state of emergency for their hard-hit mountain counties, saying the forecast for the rest of the week calls for isolated heavy rain storms that could instantly cause flooding in areas that have had 20 inches (50 centimeters) of rain in the past 15 days.
Cooper said, "This storm isn't yet over. I'm urging people to keep a close eye on forecasts."
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Los Angeles Dodgers pitchers Yu Darvish, right, and Kenta Maeda, both from Japan wait to warm up before a baseball game against the Atlanta Braves, Wednesday, Aug. 2, 2017, in Atlanta. Darvish was acquired from the Texas Rangers this week. (AP Photo/John Amis)
It was announced, Monday evening, that tapwater does not have to be boiled for consumption in the Samarian Jewish community of Beit El.
Word had circulated since the morning hours that water had to be boiled due to the murky appearance of what was coming out of taps.
ALSO SEE: Street Closures For Macy's Fourth Of July Fireworks Show
By Ashleyan Lopez
It's time to commemorate America's Independence. There are many ways we celebrate Fourth of July and whether you want to enjoy a barbecue, take in a baseball game or watch fireworks, there are plenty of places to head to for your celebrations. Here are five ways to celebrate in New York.
Coney Island
1000 Surf Ave.
Brooklyn, NY 11224
(718) 373-5862
www.lunaparknyc.com
Fourth of July at Coney Island is a full day of celebrations. Early in the day, thousands gather at Nathan's Famous to witness the International Hot Dog Eating Contest. After the winner is crowned, you can walk the boardwalk where it is filled with plenty of entertainment, activities and food for you to enjoy. You can also take part in America's favorite pastime by watching the Brooklyn Cyclones play against the Aberdeen IronBirds at the MCU Park. By the end of the night, you can enjoy Coney Island's own fireworks display over the boardwalk. From contests, food, rides, baseball and fireworks, there is something for everyone to enjoy at Coney Island.
Get Summered Fourth Annual 4th Of July Beach Party
Riis Park Beach Bazaar
16702 Rockaway Beach Blvd.
Queens, NY 11694
www.events.riisbeachbazaar.com Riis Park Beach Bazaar16702 Rockaway Beach Blvd.Queens, NY 11694
Beach lovers can go to Riis Park Beach Bazaar for the ultimate beach party. The Get Summered concert series brings live music to the Bay 9 stage and the boardwalk will be filled with a variety of food vendors beach-goers love. The Rockaway Beach Volleyball League will also be hosted this Fourth of July. The music, food and volleyball tournament makes Riis Park Beach the perfect place to spend the day at the beach. The concert series has yet to announce who will be DJing or performing this year but it is expected to be fun as always.
LIC Flea 4th of July Party
5-25 46th Ave.
Long Island City, NY 11101
(718) 224-5863
www.licflea.com/specialevents 5-25 46Ave.Long Island City, NY 11101(718) 224-5863
Love to shop? The LIC Flea & Food market will open for a full day and night in honor of Independence Day. With over 80 vendors featuring vintage, craft goods, art and food, it's a great way to leisurely spend the day. You can also indulge in some day-drinking with brew from Queens Beer and Wine Garden. By the end of the night, you can enjoy a great view of the city and Macy's Fireworks display. The shopping, eating and drinking starts at 2 p.m. and ends at 11:30 p.m.
Related: NYC's Best Flea Markets: Artists & Fleas, GreenFlea Market, More
Brooklyn Grange Flagship Farm Fourth of July
37-18 Northern Blvd.
Long Island City, NY 11101
(347) 670-3660
www.brooklyngrangefarm.com/licfireworks 37-18 Northern Blvd.Long Island City, NY 11101(347) 670-3660
The cookout at Brooklyn Grange is pretty popular for those who enjoy a low-key celebration without the work of grilling. The Flagship Farm entry includes food, wine and beer on the rooftop with an amazing view. A DJ will be playing throughout the event and you will have a perfect view of the Manhattan skyline to see the Macy's Fourth of July Fireworks over the East River. Tickets for this event are $85.
Macy's 4th Of July Fireworks
FDR Drive
Multiple spots on FDR Drive
(212) 494-4495
www.macys.com/fireworks FDR DriveMultiple spots on FDR Drive(212) 494-4495
If you are only interested in watching the fireworks up close, head over to the FDR Drive for the best view of the Macy's Fourth of July Fireworks. Official viewing points are at 42nd, 34th, 23rd St. & FDR Drive, 18th St. & Ave. C and Houston St. & FDR Drive. Make sure to get there early as it gets crowded quickly and officials close off entry when it reaches its limits. The fireworks will light up the sky over the East River at 9:20 p.m.
Whether you plan on watching the show or not, you'll want to know about the following street closures between 2 p.m. Wednesday and 2 a.m. Thursday:
Manhattan:
FDR Drive between Battery Park Underpass and East 63rd Street
South Street between Whitehall Street and Robert F. Wagner Sr. Place
FDR Drive Service Roads between Cherry Street and 63rd Street
Water Street between Whitehall Street and Fulton Street
Pearl Street between Fulton Street and Robert F Wagner Sr Place
Whitehall Street between Water Street and South Street
Broad Street between Water Street and South Street
Old Slip between Water Street and South Street
Robert F Wagner Sr Place between Pearl Street and South Street
Cherry Street between Jackson Street and FDR Drive
Delancey Street between Lewis Street and FDR Drive
East Houston Street between Baruch Place and FDR Drive
Avenue C between 13th Street and Avenue C Entrance Ramp to FDR
Avenue C Entrance Ramps
East 6th Street between Avenue D and FDR Drive
East 10th Street between Avenue D and FDR Drive
14th Street between Avenue C and Avenue B
Avenue C between East 16th Street and East 20th Street
East 20th Street between 1st Avenue and Avenue C
East 23rd Street between 1st Avenue and Avenue C
East 26th Street between 1st Avenue and FDR Drive
East 30th Street between 1st Avenue and FDR Drive
30th Street Entrance Ramps
East 33rd Street between 1st Avenue and 3rd Avenue
East 34th Street between 2nd Avenue and FDR Drive
34th Street Entrance Ramps
East 37th Street between 1st Avenue and FDR Drive
East 38th Street between 1st Avenue and FDR Drive
East 41st Street between 1st Avenue and FDR Drive
East 42nd Street between 1st Avenue and FDR Drive
42nd Street Entrance Ramps
East 48th Street between 1st Avenue and FDR Drive
East 49th Street between 1st Avenue and FDR Drive
East 53rd Street between 1st Avenue and FDR Drive
Brooklyn:
Area bounded by Atlantic Avenue on the South Old Fulton Street on the North
Hicks Street on the East; East River on the West (All Inclusive)
Old Fulton Street between Hicks Street and Prospect Street
Cadman Plaza West between Prospect Street and Tillary Street
Front Street between Old Fulton Street and Jay Street
Water Street between Old Fulton Street and Jay Street
Queens:
Area bounded by 44th Drive on the North Borden Avenue on the South Vernon
Boulevard on the East; East River on the West (All Inclusive)
Center Boulevard between Borden Avenue and 54th Avenue
2nd Street between Borden Avenue and Newtown Creek /Dead End
Vernon Boulevard between 54th Avenue and Newtown Creek/Dead End
54th Avenue between Center Boulevard and Vernon Boulevard
PUBLIC VIEWING:
The public viewing sections in Manhattan will be the elevated portions of the FDR drive with the
following entry points:
Note: Access blocks will close as viewing areas fill up and spectators will be redirected to
additional open access blocks as appropriate.
MIDTOWN:
• Houston Street
• 23rd Street
• 34th Street
• 42nd Street
• ADA – FDR Southbound lane, at 18th St. and Avenue C (via 20th St. and 23rd St.)
For more information, click here.
Related: America's Best Fourth Of July Parades
Rabbi Aharon Leib Shteinman, leader of the haredi-religious Lithuanian community, passed away on Tuesday morning at the age of 104 at Maayanei Hayeshua Hospital in Bnei Brak, where they were recently admitted.
Attempts at resuscitation restored the rabbi's pulse but were followed by a deterioration in their condition.
In the 2018 primaries, Democrats are looking to define the direction of their party, as the progressive grassroots movement gains strength. That fight is playing out in Illinois' 3rd Congressional District in a race between conservative incumbent Rep. Dan Lipinski and their progressive challenger, Marie Newman
The race has drawn national attention because it offers a window into the future of the Democratic Party, and staying power of the progressive movement. If Newman emerges as the victor and unseats Lipinski, it could be a signal that the party is less likely to accept conservative views on social issues like abortion and LGBT rights, and moving further left.
Kiichiro Sato/AP
Democratic leaders have also picked sides in the race, and the leaders standing behind Lipinski and Newman respectively exemplify the tension that exists in the Democratic Party between centrist and progressives—a fight that is likely to continue into the 2020 presidential election cycle.
Progressive Sen. Bernie Sanders has thrown their weight behind Newman in a district the senator won by eight points in the 2016 Democratic primary.
Sanders' endorsement draws a sharp contrast with House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi's endorsement of Lipinski.
MEET THE CANDIDATES
A Lipinski has represented the southwest portion of Chicago and its surrounding suburbs in Congress for the last 35 years. Rep. Dan Lipinski was first elected to Congress in 2004, after their father, Rep. William Lipinski, dropped out of the race after the primary, but before the general election, and the Democratic Party tapped the younger Lipinski to fill the empty slot.
Lipinski has served seven terms in the seat and has held positions often at odds with the majority of their party.  They are a co-chair of the Pro-Life Caucus and voted against the DREAM act in 2010. They also are the only Democrat from Illinois to vote against Obamacare, and did not publically endorse President Barack Obama for a second term.
Pablo Martinez Monsivais/AP, FILE
Marie Newman poses one of the most serious challenges Lipinski has faced while in office and is looking to capitalize on the progressive movement that began after the 2016 election. Newman — who is running for office for the first time — is campaigning on a pro-choice, pro-LGBT, healthcare-for-all agenda.
Newman said she's been approached to run several times over the last 10 years, but it was only after the election of President Donald Trump that they were compelled to do so.
“I realized very clearly that this had to be done, I had to step off the sidelines,” Newman told ABC News. “The day after Trump was elected, what I realized is nobody is coming to save us, that we have to save us.”
BIG TENT OR SINGLE ISSUE PARTY?
Abortion has been a major issue in this campaign with groups on both sides lending their support to Newman and Lipinski.
Newman has the support of pro-choice groups NARAL Pro-Choice America, EMILY's List, and Planned Parenthood — who along with other groups have spent more than $1.6 million campaigning against Lipinski through the super PAC "Citizens For A Better Illinois".
Lipinski has also gotten a hand from Susan B. Anthony List, a pro-life organization, which deployed 70 canvassers in Illinois 3 last weekend to campaign on their behalf.
In a 2017 interview with the Washington Post, Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi said that they don't believe abortion should be a litmus test for Democrats, and Lipinski has warned against the party becoming the ‘tea party of the left.'
“Right now there is a battle for what the Democratic Party is going to be going forward,” Lipinski said in a recent interview with WGN Radio in Chicago.
“[T]here are some who want to have a Tea Party of the left in the Democratic Party to match unfortunately what has happened to the Republicans. But we need to have a big tent party, we need to rally around those issues that can bring all Democrats together.”
But Newman doesn't believe that the race highlights divisions within their party—rather that it highlights how out of touch Lipinski is with party values.
“The problem is [Lipinski] is a straight-up Republican, so of course I look like I'm very left when in reality I'm just a true blue Democrat,” Newman said.
“We are a big tent. We are a giant mosaic of lots of independent thinkers.  They are not a Democrat.”
BIG NAME ENDORSEMENTS
Democratic leaders are not the only endorsements at play in the race. In a rare move, two sitting representatives from Illinois, Rep. Jan Schakowsky (IL-09) and Rep. Luis Gutierrez (IL-04), broke with tradition and endorsed Newman over their colleague.
Newman also received the first endorsements in the country from three Indivisible groups in Illinois — a progressive, grassroots organization that works at the local level to oppose President Trump's agenda.
Bill Clark/CQ Roll Call/Getty Images
But Lipinski has secured endorsements from some major Unions—which could be crucial to victory. Lipinski has picked up endorsements from 27 union groups, including the endorsement of the Illinois AFL-CIO, which has the third largest union membership in the nation.
For their part, Newman has picked up Union endorsements from the SEIU Illinois State Council and the Illinois Federation of Teachers.
One endorsement not at play? The Democratic Party's. Both the Democratic National Committee and the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee have not publically endorsed Lipinski in the race.
NO THREAT FROM THE RIGHT
One thing that is clear heading into Tuesday night is whoever wins on the Democratic side will almost certainly take the seat in November.
Not only is the District safely blue, the only Republican running in the race is Arthur Jones, who is a Holocaust denier, and self-described "white racialist".
There has been little polling done in the race, so it's not entirely clear where voters stand. The latest poll—conducted by NARAL Pro-Choice America, a group supporting Newman—showed the race in a virtual tie. Lipinksi led Newman 43 percent to 41 percent, which is within the margin of error.
Openings
Closures
In this edition, a popular Mediterranean eatery expands, a meatball joint prepares to open in Hayes Valley, a taqueria quietly closes for renovations, and what may be the Castro's most controversial restaurant in decades is finally open.(900 16th St.)Man about town and Hoodline tipster Al M. reports that popular Mission District eatery Truly Mediterranean has opened its second San Francisco outpost in Potrero Hill.Open from 9am to 8pm, Al said the new location offers longer hours than its Mission District counterpart to accommodate customers coming from UCSF's nearby Mission Bay campus.There's plenty of seating in the new space as well, a luxury not afforded at the Mission locale, which only has a few counter seats lining one wall.The new menu is currently not up on the restaurant's website, but if it's anything like its flagship, expect to see hand-made falafel and Mediterranean combo plates with hummus, baba ghanoush and tabbouleh; lamb shawarma with broiled tomatoes, parsley and seasoned onions; and a chicken kebob wrap with cucumbers, onions and tomatoes.(602 Hayes St.)Over in Hayes Valley, Al said The Meatball Bar 's second location is "progressing along with their build and is about 70 percent complete." When they were in the neighborhood, a crew was installing a new awning with signage, along with the last finishing touches.The new space will also include the addition of outdoor seating.The restaurant--which has its FiDi flagship at 126 Sutter St.--is owned by Gianni Chiloiro and Angelo Sannino, proprietors of the South Bay's two Doppio Zero pizzeria locations. The new spot will offer a variety of traditional and fusion-influenced meatball selections.One of the owners on site told Al he'd be sure to reach out with advanced notice, but the business' website indicates a March 28th opening date.On the menu, expect to see variations like an Italian classic, turkey, lamb, vegetarian and more with sauce options like tomato, truffle fondue and Korean-style(fermented red chili paste). There's a variety of sides to pair with the meatballs on offer, too, like risotto, creamy mashed potatoes and spaghetti.Rounding things out are beer and wine, along with kombucha specialty drinks on draught. (You can check out the full menu for the FiDi location here .)(531 Castro St.)In the Castro, Hamburger Mary's has finally opened, according to Hoodline tipster Tom B.On their visit, Tom spoke to a staff member who said, "they're only open at 4pm for now" but eventually plan to open for lunch, and then add brunch offerings once things are up and running. The business' Yelp page , however, indicates the eatery is open daily 11am-2am.As we reported previously, the space was dormant since The Patio Cafe closed in 1999, and neighbors have been anxiously awaiting the return of the drag-themed eatery for several years now.On the menu, look for appetizers like breaded mac 'n' cheese fritters with barbecue dipping sauce, deep-fried pickles and "Nacho Mary Nachos" topped with melted cheese and meat chili.As for burgers, there are variations like the Black & Bleu Boy with bleu cheese crumbles and apple bacon, the Queen Mary with cheddar and jack cheeses and grilled onions, and a Sloppy Mary open-face burger topped with no-bean chili and melted cheese.Rounding things out is a selection of signature cocktails, martinis and beer and wine.Lastly, tipster Al told us that El Capitan Taqueria in SoMa has closed."The windows are covered and renovations have begun," they said. Notices posted to its windows indicate that the restaurant will be back under new management, but it's not clear if it will be under the same name or offer a similar menu.While its Yelp page hasn't indicated a closure, a visit to the restaurant's website revealed that its Squarespace account has expired. A search of public records also do not state any current building permit applications associated with the address at this time.Al added that he'll report back as soon as they learn more about the closure.High-fives all around for tipsters Al M. and Tom B.!If you've seen something new in the neighborhood, text tips and photos to 415-200-3233, or email tips@hoodline.com. If we use your info in a story, we'll give you credit.
(Jeremy Weis Photography via AP). This undated photo provided by Jeremy Weis Photography, shows Russell Bucklew, who is scheduled to die by injection Tuesday, March 20, 2018, for killing a former girlfriend's new boyfriend in 1996 in eastern Missouri. ...
By JIM SALTER
Associated Press
ST. LOUIS (AP) - A Missouri death row inmate whose life was spared by a last-minute stay of execution four years ago is asking the U.S. Supreme Court for another reprieve, claiming the process of killing them could cause blood-filled tumors to burst inside their head.
Russell Bucklew is scheduled to die by injection Tuesday evening for killing a former girlfriend's new boyfriend during a violent rampage in 1996. They would be the first Missouri prisoner put to death since January 2017.
Bucklew, 49, was within an hour of execution in May 2014 when the U.S. Supreme Court halted it over concerns about Bucklew's rare medical condition, cavernous hemangioma. The ailment causes weakened and malformed blood vessels, tumors in their head and throat and on their lip, and vein problems.
Their attorney, Cheryl Pilate, is again asking the Supreme Court to intervene, claiming Bucklew's condition has only gotten worse.
The tumor on Bucklew's lip has grown substantially since 2014 and is now the size of a grape, Pilate said. They believe the internal tumors have grown, too, and will likely rupture and bleed during the execution, potentially causing Bucklew "to choke and cough on their own blood during the lethal injection process."
Missouri Attorney General Josh Hawley disagrees, writing in their filing to the Supreme Court that the growth in Bucklew's mouth shrunk 10 percent between 2010 and 2016.
The condition also compromises their veins, and Pilate said the fatal injection couldn't be administered in the typical way through an arm vein. Hawley wrote that the lethal dose of pentobarbital could be administered through a leg or other vein instead of the arm.
Pilate also has asked for clemency from Republican Gov. Eric Greitens. A spokesperson for the governor declined comment.
Bucklew's appeals have suggested that if the execution is carried out, the state should use lethal gas instead of an injection of pentobarbital. Missouri law still provides for the option of lethal gas, but the state no longer has a gas chamber and has not used the method since 1965.
None of the 20 inmates executed since Missouri began using pentobarbital in 2013 have shown obvious signs of pain or suffering.
Bucklew became angry when their girlfriend, Stephanie Ray, ended their relationship in 1996. Hawley said in court filings that Bucklew slashed Ray's face with a knife, beat them and threatened to kill them They took their children and left.
Over the next two weeks, Bucklew stalked Ray, even as they stole a car, firearms, two sets of handcuffs and duct tape. They eventually found out where they were staying and broke into the southeastern Missouri trailer home of Michael Sanders, Ray's new boyfriend, fatally shooting him. When Sanders' 6-year-old son came out of hiding, Bucklew shot at the boy and missed.
Bucklew pistol-whipped Ray, put them in handcuffs and dragged them to their car, where they raped them
Police pursued Bucklew - a chase ending in a gunfight that wounded an officer. Once in jail, Bucklew managed to escape and went to the home of Ray's mother, where they attacked them with a hammer before they were finally captured.
Some civil rights organizations have joined in asking that Bucklew be allowed to live out their life in prison. In a letter last week to the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights, the American Civil Liberties Union wrote that executing Bucklew "would be egregious, torturous, and in violation of the U.S. and international law prohibiting torture, cruel, inhumane or degrading treatment or punishment."
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The contract has been awarded to Scarecrow Group Ltd .for the total transaction amount of EUR 19 402.80 (excluding VAT).
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
JACKSON, Miss. (AP) — Mississippi's governor has signed the nation's tightest abortion restrictions into law.
Republican Gov. Phil Bryant signed House Bill 1510 on Monday afternoon. It becomes law immediately and bans most abortions after 15 weeks' gestation. Bryant has frequently said they want Mississippi to be the "safest place in America for an unborn child."
The law's only exceptions are if a fetus has health problems making it "incompatible with life" outside of the womb at full term, or if a pregnant woman's life or a "major bodily function" is threatened by pregnancy. Pregnancies resulting from rape and incest aren't exempted.
Abortion rights advocates are calling the law unconstitutional because it limits abortion before fetuses can live outside the womb. The owner of Mississippi's only abortion clinic opposes the law and has pledged to sue.
Chairman Natan Sharansky of the Executive of The Jewish Agency for Israel has issued the following statement following the weekend's events in Charlottesville, Virginia:
“I am deeply concerned by the expressions of antisemitism and other forms of racism and hatred exhibited at the neo-Nazi rally this past weekend in Charlottesville, and I am horrified by the death of a protester at the hands of one of the marchers. There is no place for such hate speech or violence in any democratic society, and I am confident that American authorities will do everything in their power to bring the perpetrators to justice. No student, Jewish or otherwise, should feel threatened at their or their university, and Jewish students at the University of Virginia should know that the local Hillel staff is available to them at all times, as is the Jewish Agency Israel Fellow at UVA.”
NEW YORK (AP) — Millions of workers at small businesses will be distracted in the coming months by a series of big sporting events: the Super Bowl, Olympics, NCAA basketball and World Cup soccer.
Some company owners realize that trying to eliminate sports talk or forbidding staffers to watch games is demoralizing and also difficult to achieve. So as long as there isn't too much Monday morning quarterbacking or time spent in front of the office TV, bosses will go easy on fans.
Some companies are even more understanding; it's OK there for staffers to watch games in break rooms, and some owners even run office pools without cash prizes. One owner says he'll encourage their crew to stop work during the final minutes of televised NCAA games.
PLAINVILLE, Mass. — Nearly 13,000 gamblers have signed up for a unique gambling addiction prevention effort being tested at Massachusetts' first casino.
According to a report submitted Wednesday to the Massachusetts Gaming Commission, the “Play My Way” program at Plainridge Park Casino has enrolled 12,670 players since its launch last June.
That's about 10 percent of eligible patrons at the Plainville slots parlor and harness racing track. Of those, 10,857 are still actively using the program, which allows players to voluntarily set a spending budget before they gamble.
ADVERTISEMENT
The initiative is considered the first of its kind in the country. Similar systems have been tried in Australia, Canada, Norway, Sweden and elsewhere.
Harvard Medical School and Cambridge Health Alliance researchers are evaluating the program. They're expected to release their initial findings in August.
Event co-organizer Jared Ruth holds up their boot of beer as they celebrate during the first San Clemente Oktoberfest 2013 held in the Old City Plaza. (File photo by Ken Steinhardt, Orange County Register/SCNG)
San Clemente residents Joan Hunt and Richard Burr dance to the German folk music of Schwaubapower during the inaugural San Clemente Oktoberfest held in 2013. (File photo by Ken Steinhardt, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Rob Meyer of San Clemente reacts as they miss their fireplace log pins during Beer Keg Bowling at the first San Clemente Oktoberfest 2013. (File photo by Ken Steinhardt, Orange County Register/SCNG)
SAN CLEMENTE North Beach will host 2017's San Clemente Oktoberfest, a nine-hour celebration of beer, wine, music and German tradition.
It will turn the site of the city's midweek farmers market into a concert venue with a traditional German-style band, four rock bands, beer gardens, food trucks and possibly 2,000 attendees through the day, organizers said.
The San Clemente City Council on Tuesday, Oct. 3, gave its blessing to the event, scheduled for noon to 9 p.m. on Saturday, Oct. 21.
But the decision left questions as to whether the outdoor Oktoberfest may negatively impact a wedding scheduled that day at Casino San Clemente, a nearby event center. Casino representatives asked the city to put Oktoberfest elsewhere.
This is the fifth annual San Clemente Oktoberfest. Earlier venues included Old City Plaza, the Elks Lodge and Vista Hermosa Sports Park. After a successful event last year at the sports park, the organizers asked for a venue near the beach.
“The feedback we got from a lot of the folks in North Beach was Vista Hermosa is great but we'd really like having it down in the North Beach area,” event organizer Jared Ruth said.
Viewing the event as a way to add vibrancy to North Beach, the city council voted 3-0 to approve a permit. Council members Chris Hamm and Lori Donchak were absent.
“That's going to be a huge impact to our (wedding) guests,” said Jill Watson, Casino manager. “These brides and grooms spend hundreds of thousands of dollars for their one day. I don't think they were expecting an Oktoberfest less than 100 yards from the front door.”
“Maybe have it at the outlet mall,” said Christy Sain, a San Clemente resident who works at the Casino.
Watson said the Casino received late notice from the city that Oktoberfest had requested North Beach's unpaved lot.
“It kind of snuck up on us,” Watson said. The Saturday Oktoberfest will require Friday setup and Sunday tear-down, they said, and the Casino has weddings all three days.
Watson questioned where everyone will park on Oct. 21. As a restored San Clemente landmark, the historic Casino is guaranteed 64 spaces in the North Beach parking lot where Oktoberfest patrons also will be parking.
City council members suggested that Oktoberfest's sound stage be reoriented to minimize noise reaching the Casino. Also, the timing of the bands – Joint Committee, Vinnie and the Hooligans, Rock Road 80's Cover Band and Tunnel Vision – could be coordinated to minimize wedding impacts.
City officials said they will reactivate its summer trolley service – now finished for the season – for that one day, running its normal circuit from 10 a.m. to 10 p.m. to offer alternative transportation.
Councilman Tim Brown said the Ole Hanson Beach Club, a city-owned events venue at North Beach, has no wedding that day, so there will be no parking impact there.
“Isn't this a problem we kind of want for North Beach?” Brown asked.
Hopefully, they said, in the future, North Beach will have a fully booked Casino, Ole Hanson Beach Club and Miramar Theater plus events in the North Beach lot.
“So I think this is a pretty good dry run for us,” Brown said. “This is an opportunity for us to learn how to do this the right way and coordinate these special event permits with these businesses and be able to harmonize this. We really haven't had this problem in a long time for North Beach and I'm kind of glad we're having this problem.”
Oktoberfest organizer Kristen Ruth said the event has succeeded at other sites with no major problems. “We love the community, and we want to be able to work together with everyone and see everyone come together and have a fun event,” they said.
Oktoberfest will benefit the San Clemente Junior Woman's Club, Jared Ruth said, and fosters North Beach's goals of a vibrant village community preserving local art, music and surf culture.
“We'd be more than happy to work with and coordinate with the owners of the Casino,” they said. “I think there is probably going to be weddings there every weekend … in some cases, it maybe makes it very difficult for anybody else to have events there.”
Tyler Johnson, a North Beach Community Association board member, said the North Beach lot seems like a great venue for more events. “We like that this sets precedent for the usage of that space,” they said.
“We also want to support businesses that are here now,” they said. “The historic Casino has done a great job of resurrecting a historic icon. Ideally, any new activity should add to the success of the other activities in North Beach, not detract from it.”
Johnson said they recognized that Oktoberfest was a late request but said they hoped city staff can find compromises acceptable to Oktoberfest and the Casino.
The city will fund its one-day trolley service with $1,500 from the South Coast Air Quality Management District. “That's a major contribution by the council,” Mayor Kathy Ward said.
Councilman Steven Swartz said the city will need procedures so North Beach venues can support one another.
If you go
When: Noon to 9 p.m. Saturday, Oct. 21
Where: 1832 N. El Camino Real, San Clemente
Admission: $15 general, $10 pre-sale, $25 VIP
Drink tickets: $7 each for beer or wine
Dress: As you wish, but you could be crowned King or Queen of Oktoberfest if you dress the part
Details, tickets: scoktoberfest.com
Netball New Zealand has officially submitted a bid to host the 2023 World Cup.
According to New Zealand news website Stuff, the organisation has submitted bid documents outlining a vision for an Auckland tournament to the International Netball Federation.
South Africa are the other country bidding to host the World Cup, due to feature 16 teams playing over 10 days, with Cape Town thought to be the preferred city to host the competition.
New Zealand's bid comes on the back of the country formally confirming an expression of interest in hosting the 2021 Women's Rugby World Cup.
Both efforts have the backing of Central and Local Government.
Netball New Zealand events manager Kate Agnew reveled the organisation had received formal notification of financial support from Government and that Auckland Council has also agreed to commit money to the event.
Preliminary-round matches would be split between Auckland's Spark Arena and North Shore Events Centre, which is scheduled to undergo a huge revamp in the coming years.
The finals will all be held at Spark Arena.
Australia is the reigning Netball World Cup champions ©Getty Images
Netball New Zealand is due to mark its centenary in 2023 and organisers would like to incorporate the World Cup into their celebrations.
"We're going to have a centenary celebration regardless, it is a hugely significant milestone for New Zealand netball, but this would be a wonderful way to culminate it," Agnew was reported as saying by Stuff.
"One of the things we have done with the bid is looked at it very much as a five-year project, rather than just the two weeks of the event itself.
"We will build through to the Netball World Cup and beyond.
"We see that not only for New Zealand, but what we can do to help grow and develop netball globally leading up to 2023, and how we can support it to grow and develop beyond."
The competition has already been held in New Zealand three times before, whereas South Africa has never previously hosted the event.
The next edition of the World Cup is due to take place in 2019 in Liverpool in England.
Australia will be looking to claim a fourth consecutive title having beaten New Zealand in the last three finals.
GLENDALE, Ariz. -- Urban Meyer is the winningest coach in college football. They have won three national championships, two at Florida and one at Ohio State. Yet when historians begin to dissect their career, they might view their work with the 2016 Buckeyes as one of their best efforts.
That's because No. 2 Clemson, behind the wizardry of quarterback Deshaun Watson and a fast, physical defense, exposed the No. 3 Ohio State team that Meyer brought to the PlayStation Fiesta Bowl as young and toothless. The Tigers won 31-0, and it was the first time that a Meyer team failed to score in their 15 seasons and 194 games as a head coach.
The victory gives Clemson a chance to redeem its loss to Alabama in the College Football Playoff National Championship a year ago on this same University of Phoenix Stadium grass. When Tigers head coach Dabo Swinney called a timeout with :50 to play, a frenzy of delight erupted on their sideline. Senior linebacker Ben Boulware bunny-hopped down the sideline in front of the roaring, orange-clad faithful above him.
"I felt I had the right to be a little bit excited," Boulware said in the locker room. "We had been grinding for three long weeks. To go out there and shut them out, dominate an Ohio State team, I was exuberant. That was probably the highest I've ever jumped in my entire life, honestly. I think I rolled my ankle when I landed."
Ohio State's scoring streak ended at 295 games dating to a 28-0 loss to Michigan in 1993, so long ago that Meyer was coaching wide receivers at Colorado State at the time.
The Buckeyes' 12-1 record obscured the fact that they began this season with the fewest returning starters -- six -- in the FBS. Although the oddsmakers predicted a close game, the dominance of Clemson (13-1), especially at the line of scrimmage on both sides of the ball, drove home the difference in experience, with an emphasis that increased the longer the game went.
"I think that's the most yards they've given up all year," Swinney said of Ohio State. "We had 470. Anytime we can have the balance we had -- 200-plus run and pass -- we're a hard team to handle, especially when you've got the best player in the country in Deshaun Watson making decisions out there for you."
Watson, the junior who finished in the top three of Heisman Trophy voting the past two years, played well in their second career game at this stadium. Last season, in a 45-40 loss to Alabama, Watson accounted for 478 yards of total offense and four touchdown passes. On Saturday, Watson finished with 316 total yards, threw for one score and rushed for two more.
Their 33-yard run in the second quarter defied belief, if not the laws of physics. Watson slid to left end with tight end Jordan Leggett running interference. When Leggett bodied up on safety Malik Hooker, Watson turned upfield, then started sliding to their right. One stutter step put them in the open field, and off they went to the right sideline, stepping out at the Ohio State 33.
Yes, they threw two picks, raising their season total to 17, but one came on their first pass of the night, when wide receiver Mike Williams slipped, and the other came because Hooker, the Buckeye All-American, plays center field as if he's Willie Mays. Like Mays did, Hooker wears No. 24.
After Watson's second rushing touchdown, a 7-yarder in the third quarter through a hole blasted truck-wide by center Jay Guillermo and left guard Taylor Hearn, Watson did a little dance that they learned from NBA superstar LeBron James in front of the Ohio State fans.
"I'm a huge LeBron fan," Watson said. "I know they like Ohio State. So I had to do it."
Watson didn't dominate alone. The box score is riddled with examples. It's not that Ohio State rushed for only 88 yards. It's that the Buckeyes attempted to run only 23 times. Freshman back Mike Weber had five carries and fumbled two of them. Clemson defensive linemen Christian Wilkins, Carlos Watkins and Clelin Ferrell combined for seven of the Tigers' 11 tackles for loss. The Tigers sacked Ohio State quarterback J.T. Barrett three times and hit them a lot more. Barrett completed 19 of 33 passes for only 127 yards.
Three times in the first half, Ohio State had a third-and-1. Once, Barrett tried to run wide, and Ferrell threw them down for a loss of 6. On the second one, guard Billy Price got flagged for a false start. On the third, tight end Noah Brown drew the laundry for a hold.
That's how a team plays when it realizes that what it's doing is not enough. A long time ago, in a press box far, far away, former head coach and ESPN analyst Mike Gottfried said something to me as profound as it is simple: "The team with the better players usually wins."
This was Clemson's night. This was Clemson's moment. The coaches sensed something good would happen.
"I didn't see that. We felt great. When I woke up this morning, I just got a really good feeling," defensive coordinator Brent Venables said. After the morning walkthrough, they said, "You knew we were not going to beat ourselves. We might lose the game, but we're not going to beat ourselves."
Actually, Venables knew that Thursday night when they performed bed check at curfew.
"There's no, 'I wonder if they're going to be there,'" Venables said. "It's like, 'I hope I'm not waking them up.'"
CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. (AP) — Space Age hand-me-downs are soaring to a whole new level.
On Tuesday, SpaceX plans to launch its first rocket for NASA. The unmanned Falcon 9 — last used in June — will carry up a Dragon capsule that's also flown on a previous space station supply run.
NASA's International Space Station manager, Kirk Shireman, says the risk of launching a recycled rocket is about the same as for a brand new one. They say he'll be just as anxious as they always are at every launch.
As before, the first-stage booster will attempt to land back at Cape Canaveral, Florida.
This will be the first launch in more than a year from Launch Complex 40. The pad was ruined when a SpaceX rocket exploded during testing in September 2016.
FILE - In this Sept. 22, 2007, file photo, wrestler Ric Flair addresses the media during a news conference at Dover International Speedway in Dover, Del. Flair's representative said on Twitter Aug. 14, 2017, that Flair was dealing with some "tough medical issues." (AP Photo/Carolyn Kaster, File)
ATLANTA (AP) — World Wrestling Entertainment says pro wrestling legend Ric Flair is out of surgery and resting after being hospitalized.
The statement Monday did not give details about the nature of the surgery.
A representative for the showman known as "Nature Boy" says the 68-year-old wrestler was admitted to the hospital for routine monitoring. Melinda Morris Zanoni of Legacy Talent asked on Twitter Monday for "prayers & positive energy" because Flair has "tough medical issues."
Former pro wrestler Mick Foley and wrestling executive Eric Bischoff are among numerous wrestlers wishing Flair well on Twitter.
Known for their flamboyant outfits and "Woooo!" catchphrase, Flair made their professional debut in 1972 and was inducted into the World Wrestling Entertainment Hall of Fame in 2008.
The UFC is willing to grant former light heavyweight champion Jon Jones an immediate title shot upon their return this summer, according to UFC president Dana White.
White told ESPN.com on Monday they are open to booking a highly anticipated rematch between Jones (22-1) and defending champion Daniel Cormier at UFC 214 on July 29 in Anaheim, provided Jones wants the Cormier fight right away.
The 29-year-old is currently serving a one-year suspension for a failed drug test, which ends the first week of July.
Should Jones require more time or want a tuneup fight first, White said Cormier (19-1) will face British contender Jimi Manuwa (17-2), possibly at UFC 213 on July 8 in Las Vegas.
"Cormier is available to fight on July 8, but that timeframe doesn't work for Jon Jones," White said. "Cormier already told me he's willing to fight either Jones or Manuwa.
"If Jon Jones is ready to fight [by UFC 214] on July 29, we'll see the Jones versus Cormier rematch, finally."
Representatives for Jones did not immediately respond to request for comment.
The UFC stripped Jones of the 205-pound championship in 2015 for disciplinary reasons. Earlier that year, Jones had defended their title an eighth time, defeating Cormier via unanimous decision at UFC 182.
A rematch between Cormier and Jones was originally scheduled to take place at UFC 197 in April 2016, but Cormier was forced to withdraw due to a knee injury. It was later scheduled to headline UFC 200 last July in Las Vegas, but Jones was pulled from the event just days prior due to the failed drug test.
Fighting out of Albuquerque, New Mexico, Jones has made just one appearance in the last two years. They received a one-year suspension from United States Anti-Doping Agency (USADA) last July after testing positive for estrogen blockers they later said came from an unmarked sexual enhancement pill.
If the Cormier, Jones rematch is added to UFC 214, it is unclear where it would fall on the card. White has stated they will not trust Jones in a headlining role in their first fight back.
While Jones's situation is uncertain, Cormier and Manuwa have recently gone back and forth with one another on social media, promoting a potential fight.
On Monday, Cormier wrote to Manuwa via Twitter, "Let's go! I wanna fight you! Jones needs to get their sea legs back. Where's the contract. This [is] light work."
"Jimi wants Cormier," White said. "They got into it at UFC 210 [earlier this month] and Jimi told me he's never been talked to like that before. We'll see how this plays out."
Leighton Buzzard moved up to eighth in Midlands 1 East after cruising to victory over bottom club Market Rasen & Louth.
The 42-19 win, their fourth of the season, also saw them pick up a bonus point as they ran in six tries against their opponents at Wrights Meadow.
Mike Lynch scores for Leighton
However whilst the final score suggests a convincing performance, this was a far from straightforward victory against the league's bottom side.
The visitors provided spirited opposition and Leighton's inability to secure their own set-piece ball for long periods of the game will be a cause for concern.
Buzzards were ahead after only seven minutes. A well-worked forward move after a lineout allowed Jacob Barker the opportunity to touch down to give Buzzards a 5-0 lead.
The visitors were working themselves back into the game and from a Leighton line out that was significantly overthrown, the Buzzard defence was carved open. With the try line beckoning, a last ditch tackle by Arran Perry prevented the try.
Despite a period of pressure the Buzzard defence held firm –but with their scrums and lineouts misfiring, Leighton had only limited possession to work with.
However the backs looked dangerous when in possession and halfway through the half, scored one of their trademark long distance tries.
Flyhalf Jack Whitehouse stole possession in the tackle, allowing Euan Irwin to break into the opposition half and to pass to fullback Ben Beaumont to score under the posts. Jocky Marshall converted to give Buzzards a 12-0 lead.
Five minutes later another Whitehouse – Irwin combination in midfield set winger Arran Perry into space to score Buzzards' third try, which again Marshall converted.
Undeterred by these setbacks Market Rasen were continuing to control significant amounts of possession and territory and created space for their left winge , who, having breached the defensive line, touched down under the posts.
The continuing problems in securing Buzzards ball, was providing opportunities to the visitors and, in a nervy end to the half for the home supporters, Market Rasen added a second converted try to leave the halftime score 19-14.
The early part of the second half was very similar to much of the earlier play. Buzzards looked dangerous with their limited possession, although they extended their lead to 22-14 after twelve minutes with a Jocky Marshall penalty.
Four minutes later Buzzards scored another long range try – winning the ball 10 metres from their own line, a spectacular combination of excellent handling, decisive breaks and continual support secured a bonus point try. It was appropriate that Jack Whitehouse, the initiator of the move, should be on hand to score the try to give Buzzards a 27-14 lead.
Effective use of the replacements bench, with Paul Greenway adding substance to the scrum and 17 year old Jacob Murtagh not only adding dynamism, but also improving the lineout throwing meant that the Buzzard set-piece was looking more solid than at any earlier point.
Jordan Cummings added a fifth try following a drive from a lineout to give Buzzards a 32-14 lead.
But back came Market Rasen with a try in the corner following strong running from their scrum half.
With the lead only 13 points at 32-19, and ten minutes left, Buzzards took the opportunity for Darren Braybrook to kick a penalty to take the lead to 35-19 and leave Market Rasen the improbable target of at least three scores to win the game.
In fact there was only time for Buzzards to score their sixth try and the fourth from inside their half.
This time Arran Perry made the decisive break and, having made sixty metres, was held up just short.
It says much about the mobility of the Buzzard pack and fitness levels that it was a front row forward, captain Michael Lynch who was on hand to take the try-scoring pass. Darren Braybrook converted to make the final score 42-19.
Buzzard's next game is a Bedfordshire Cup game away at Bedford Swifts on Saturday November 18, kick off 2:15pm
A day after they declared a narrow victory in a referendum vote that radically expands presidential powers, Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan is criticizing elections observers and their concerns about the fairness of the vote.
Decrying a "crusader mentality," Erdoğan told a crowd of their supporters that the international monitors should "know their place," according to Reuters. Erdoğan added that Turkey did not "see, hear or acknowledge" the reports of irregularities from the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe.
Preliminary returns say the presidential proposal passed by just 51 percent of the vote.
The European monitor released preliminary findings about Sunday's poll, saying the vote "took place on an unlevel playing field and the two sides of the campaign did not have equal opportunities."
Its report states that "while the technical aspects of the referendum were well administered and referendum day proceeded in an orderly manner, late changes in counting procedures removed an important safeguard and were contested by the opposition." The OSCE also said the vote did not meet standards set by the Council of Europe.
Allegations of vote rigging are uncommon in Turkey, Soner Cagaptay of the Washington Institute for Near East Policy tells NPR. "We don't know whether the amount of vote fraud was significant enough to change the outcome — or more than 1 percent — but definitely something happened."
But in a country that is deeply divided, "where it's almost half and half for and against Erdoğan, if you even have allegations of voter fraud, whether or not it happened, their legitimacy will be completely and constantly questioned by that half that does not vote for him."
That could present problems for Erdoğan in the future, Cagaptay says.
Acting State Department spokesperson Mark Toner said U.S. officials have noted the OSCE's concerns, according to Reuters. "We look forward to OSCE/ODIHR's final report, which we understand will take several weeks."
Considering how tilted critics called the campaign, NPR's Peter Kenyon in Istanbul says many were surprised at how close the vote was.
"It's close enough that the opposition says it's going to challenge alleged irregularities," they say. "It might be an uphill fight. It could be days or longer before we know the final results."
The new framework expands Erdoğan's powers and means they could potentially stay in office until 2029. As Peter explains:
"Power would be more concentrated under the presidency. "If the referendum is approved by majority vote, the office of prime minister would be abolished after the next elections, scheduled for 2019. Another body, the Council of Ministers, would also go, and all executive and administrative authority would be transferred to the president's office. ... "The change would increase Erdoğan's influence over who runs for Parliament. "Cabinet ministers would no longer have to be members of Parliament, and the Parliament would not have power over Cabinet appointments — ministers would be appointed directly by the president."
People who voted "Yes" say concentrating power in the hands of the presidency will make the country more stable, while critics say it will fundamentally undercut Turkey's democracy.
Cagaptay says Erdoğan "has become the most powerful person in the country's history in at least a century."
MCLEAN, Virginia--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 23, 2018--BAE Systems and Dell EMC today announced a collaboration to offer the first scalable, hybrid cloud solution of its kind for the U.S. government. The federated secure cloud is flexible enough to power agency-level IT modernization or support smaller, forward-operating units.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005458/en/
BAE Systems and Dell EMC today announced a collaboration to offer the first scalable, hybrid cloud solution of its kind for the U.S. government. (Photo: BAE Systems)
The solution empowers users to collaborate securely through common business applications while also providing users with common access to mission-essential tools. Its environment includes zero-anonymity security features for security administrators to monitor, track, and control in real time all software, hardware, and user access to their respective clouds.
“Our federated secure cloud is not just a modified commercial cloud environment for government use. It was designed from the start with high-assurance security in mind,” said Al Whitmore, president of BAE Systems' Intelligence & Security sector. “Our solution arrives mission-ready and pre-engineered with the security credentials required to operate in a secure government environment.”
“When it comes to enterprise IT and cloud, U.S. government agencies want mission-ready turnkey solutions,” said Steve Harris, senior vice president and general manager of Dell EMC's federal business. “Our federated secure cloud arrives embedded with customizable Dell EMC and VMware technologies to meet an agency's unique mission needs. This allows us to shorten the typical lead-time required to deliver and stand-up a federal cloud solution.”
The solution satisfies more than 900 security controls and offers the highest assurance enterprise desktop services available in the government, with more than 30 controls from Intelligence Community overlay subpart C (INT-C) for rapid deployment authorization. This architecture enables administrators to automate the process of facilitating patches and updates, minimizing disruptions to users and missions while also reducing localized IT administrative costs.
BAE Systems delivers a broad range of solutions and services enabling militaries and governments to successfully carry out their missions. The company provides large-scale systems engineering, integration, and sustainment services across air, land, sea, space, and cyber domains. BAE Systems takes pride in its support of national security and those who serve.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005458/en/
CONTACT: BAE Systems
Charles Ratzer
Mobile: + 1 703-321-6342
charles.ratzer@baesystems.com
www.baesystems.com/US
@BAESystemsInc
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA VIRGINIA
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: TECHNOLOGY OTHER TECHNOLOGY MANUFACTURING AEROSPACE DEFENSE CONTRACTS OTHER DEFENSE
SOURCE: BAE Systems Inc.
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/23/2018 09:00 AM/DISC: 04/23/2018 09:01 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005458/en
South Korean-based appliance manufacturer Samsung announced the expansion of its production footprint in South Carolina on Monday, making progress on a plan to create nearly 1,000 jobs in the state by 2020.
The company officially launched a new line of top-loading washing machines at its facility in Newberry. That's in addition to a line of front-loading washing machines that the South Korean electronics company began making at the plant earlier this year.
The expansion comes less than a year after Samsung's June announcement that it would invest $380 million in South Carolina to manufacture home appliances, creating an estimated 950 jobs by 2020. So far, company officials say that they've hired about 650 employees who are now working on the two washing machine lines at a 450,000-square-foot plant.
Samsung took over property that had belonged to Caterpillar, which announced in April 2016 that it was closing its electric generator packaging facility. The closure left more 300 people out of work, but Samsung said that about 10 percent of the 650 full-time employees currently working at the Newberry plant are former Caterpillar employees.
Samsung has also hired some of the 6,000 workers left jobless following the scuttling of a reactor construction project at the V.C. Summer Nuclear Station in Jenkinsville, about 21 miles (34 km) away.
Some retrofitting was needed to get Caterpillar's existing buildings in line with Samsung's designs, but Samsung plant manager Tony Fraley said that not having to start from scratch enabled Samsung to get two lines up and running in under a year. Much of the plant's production is focused on robotics, with robots ferrying specially designed trays of parts around the green- and orange-colored plant, and other robots retrieving the pieces and putting them together.
The process can be slower than at other manufacturing facilities, Fraley said, but more mechanization means higher productivity and also fewer scratches that can come along with human handling.
"Everything has automation built into it," Fraley told The Associated Press during a recent tour of the manufacturing plant and new production line.
About 100 Samsung employees from South Korea are currently on-site helping get the new facility up and running, even able to write computer codes on the spot to help the plant run more smoothly. Eventually, Fraley said they will return to the company's headquarters, after training South Carolina employees on all of the technology needed to run the facility's high-tech machines.
"If something goes awry, they show us how to fix it," Fraley said. "They show us how to troubleshoot it."
By this summer, Fraley said they expected the plant to be running at full capacity. Last year, Samsung announced a collaboration with the University of South Carolina and Clemson University in an effort to make the plant a center for customer service and research and development.
Without giving specifics, Samsung Electronics North America's President and CEO Tim Baxter told AP that the company hopes to add more production lines in the future, as well as establish a supply chain in the state so that Samsung doesn't have to import as many supplies.
"Clearly the plan is to build an eco-system," Baxter said in a recent interview. "Obviously that doesn't happen overnight."
————
Follow Meg Kinnard on Twitter and see more of their work on apnews.com.
After receiving information from authorities at TennCare, TBI agents began investigating Thelma Dees-Johnson on Oct. 26, 2011.
Dees-Johnson, a licensed practical counselor, was the owner of Bridgeway Mental Health Services.
During the investigation, agents determined during a period of several years, Dees-Johnson may have submitted claims to TennCare for counseling services they did not perform. Agents suspect Dees-Johnson was not at their office on some days their services were billed.
In 2015, Dees-Johnson dissolved the company and moved to Palatka, Fla.
On March 24, a Davidson County grand jury returned an indictment charging Dees-Johnson, 61, with one count of TennCare fraud of more than $60,000. On Friday, they were booked into the Davidson County Jail and held on $25,000 bond.
The Eiffel tower is illuminated in green with the words "Paris Agreement is Done", to celebrate the Paris U.N. COP21 Climate Change agreement in Paris, France, November 4, 2016. REUTERS/Jacky Naegelen/File Photo
By Steve Holland and Valerie Volcovici
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Advisers to President Donald Trump will meet on Tuesday to discuss whether to recommend that they withdraw the United States from the Paris climate accord, a White House official said on Monday.
The accord, agreed on by nearly 200 countries in Paris in 2015, aims to limit planetary warming in part by slashing carbon dioxide and other emissions from the burning of fossil fuels. Under the pact, the United States committed to reducing its emissions by 26 to 28 percent from 2005 levels by 2025.
Trump has said the United States should "cancel" the deal, but they have been mostly quiet on the issue since they were elected last November.
Environmental groups want Washington to remain in the Paris agreement, even if the new administration weakens U.S. pledges.
A White House official said Trump's aides would "discuss the options, with the goal of providing a recommendation to the president about the path forward."
The meeting comes before a summit of the Group of Seven wealthy nations in late May, the deadline for the White House to take a position.
White House officials, led by the National Economic Council, have recently been asking publicly traded energy companies for advice on whether to stay in the agreement.
Peabody Energy has consulted with White House officials, and Cloud Peak Energy Inc confirmed to Reuters it had told White House advisers it was in its interests for the United States to remain in the agreement to ensure there was a global role for high-efficiency coal plants.
On Monday, liquified natural gas exporter Cheniere Energy sent a letter to George David Banks, who handles international energy issues at the NEC, to recommend remaining in the Paris agreement so "the United States can leverage competitive advantages in natural gas and energy technology."
The advisers expected to attend Tuesday's meeting include Energy Secretary Rick Perry and Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Scott Pruitt.
Perry, a former Texas governor, at their confirmation hearings in January softened a previous position that the science behind climate change was "phony."
Last week, Pruitt, a former Oklahoma attorney general, said the United States should exit the agreement because it was a "bad deal" for the country.
Justin Guay, climate program officer for the Packard Foundation, said countries like China and India would continue to shift toward clean energy even if the United States retreated, adding: "It is most important that the U.S. stays at the table."
(Reporting by Steve Holland and Valerie Volcovici; Editing by Andrew Hay and Peter Cooney)
It's easy for Endurance House owner Jeff Hubeli to recall meeting teacher and triathlete Scott Clark.
As they stood in their Laguna Niguel sports store in 2015, Hubeli saw Clark near the front door wearing an Ironman cap with a dog in tow. Clark told Hubeli they wanted to join the store's weekly runs, even though the store was weeks away from opening.
In Hubeli's mind, Clark was the store's first Tuesday runner. Clark would often drop off their bicycle at Endurance House before running while training for marathons, Hubeli said.
But at the store's weekly run Tuesdsay, Clark was missing.
Clark, 55, had been training for an Ironman race in Colorado when they were struck by one of two cars that crashed Jan. 25 around 6:30 p.m. Clark was struck while crossing Alicia Parkway at Niguel Road in a crosswalk. The Laguna Niguel Elementary School teacher died Feb. 7.
“We are so grateful for all of the love, support and prayers we have gotten these last couple of weeks,” daughter Emily Clark wrote in a Feb. 7 update on Caring Bridge, a site allowing family members to update health information about loved ones.
The crash between a Mercedes and BMW is still under investigation. The BMW's driver, 34-year-old Jamie Mulford of Laguna Niguel, was arrested on suspicion of felony driving under the influence resulting in injuries.
Mulford posted bond and was released Jan. 26, according to the Orange County Sheriff's Department. Sheriff's officials confirmed Mulford had previously been arrested for driving under the influence.
Three days after Clark's death, the Orange County Sheriff's Department said it would use extra patrol units from surrounding cities to watch over Laguna Niguel.
Lt. Matthew Barr, Laguna Niguel's chief of police, said the extra units will be deployed in “areas where we are having our greatest issues.”
The move also comes after a pedestrian was struck and killed last month and a cyclist, the father of five boys, was struck by a hit-and-run driver on Feb. 5. Mayor Jerry Slusiewicz said the recent collisions were “tragic” and that they supported increased patrols.
“We've got to do something,” they said.
“The only way to do it is increase presence and potentially cite those who are acting in an aggressive manner when they're behind the wheel,” they said. “We've got to make it known that Laguna Niguel will not tolerate excessive speeds.”
At Endurance House, Laguna Niguel resident Deniece Hicksted shared memories of Clark, who taught their two children at Laguna Niguel Elementary. They called Clark “driven” and “kind” and often saw them training around town.
Hicksted paused when they thought of what they would miss most about Clark.
“Everything.”
Contact the writer: 714-796-7844 or snewell@scng.com
A Niagara-on-the-Lake councillor wants Niagara Regional Police to assign another full-time officer to the town and do more patrols and traffic enforcement in the Glendale area.
Coun. Paolo Miele made that motion Monday. It said increased policing is necessary due to residential and business growth in the town, the large number of tourists and college students living in the Glendale area.
While other councillors agreed with Miele that the town is paying too much for policing costs compared to other municipalities in the region due to the town's high property assessments, they did not support their motion.
Coun. Jim Collard suggested that Miele withdraw the motion until “we can craft a motion that can actually work.”
“It's too important to craft it on the fly,” agreed Coun. Maria Bau-Coote, who requested statistics and other information be included so “it looks well-planned and thought-out.”
Councillors also questioned whether there would be an additional cost to the town if the police services board and the Niagara Region approved increasing the town's complement from two officers to three.
“I … feel we're paying for it already,” said Miele. “I don't think there should be any further costs.”
Coun. Jamie King pointed out that Chief Jeff McGuire had been “really clear about deployment strategies” when they addressed council last November.
Asked about the possibility of more patrols, the chief said the statistics don't show a need for more police cars being assigned to the town. McGuire said only about one per cent of calls to the NRP from across the region come from Niagara-on-the-Lake.
“I have every confidence they will meet our needs as a community,” said King on Monday.
However, they added that the cost of policing continues to be a major issue for the municipality.
Lord Mayor Pat Darte said the town's share of policing costs for the Niagara Region is higher than its annual operating budget.
Miele agreed to withdraw their motion and work on “a better one” for presentation to council at a later date.
LiAngelo Ball and LaMelo Ball have reportedly signed one-year deals with Lithuanian club Prienu Vytautas, but according to ESPN's Adrian Wojnarowski, Jonathan Givony and Mike Schmitz, those signatures could be just the beginning of bigger problems for LaVar Ball's two youngest sons.
As ESPN noted, Melo's “erratic style of play”—which often featured the now-16-year-old combo guard launching shots from near halfcourt with their unorthodox mechanics at Chino Hills High School—could be a point of contention in Lithuania, “a basketball-crazed country where players pride themselves on their advanced feel for the game and discipline.”
Gelo, meanwhile, “would be expected to struggle to add any value in the Lithuanian or Baltic leagues” since he's predominantly a spot-up shooter who “is a limited ball handler and defender, and plays strictly below the rim.”
Though both of Lonzo Ball's younger brothers have been touted for their shotmaking abilities, neither was particularly efficient from deep in high school. According to data culled from Krossover, Melo hit 30 percent of their 605 three-point attempts with the Huskies, while Gelo drained just 32 percent of their 590 tries.
Nor do Vytautas' circumstances seem conducive to helping the Ball boys improve—let alone enough to become bona fide NBA Draft prospects.
The team has no general manager and doesn't practice regularly due to the poor financial situation.
Then again, the team's coach, Virginijus Šeškus, has been described as “the LaVar Ball of Lithuania.” So if you believe in the Big Baller's power to produce and train basketball stars, perhaps the move to Prienai will work out for the Big Baller Brand reps.
Google Fiber showed new life in 2017, after a near death experience in late 2016. The fiber internet pioneer launched in three new cities—Huntsville, AL, Louisville, KY, and San Antonio, TX—this year. It also began to heavily rely on shallow trenching, a new method of laying cables, to expedite the construction process.
SEE: Photos: How Google Fiber is using 'shallow trenching' to outbuild its gigabit rivals
"We're very pleased with the response from residents in these markets—along with our other existing Google Fiber cities, where we worked hard throughout the year to bring Fiber service to even more people in many more neighborhoods," a Google Fiber spokesperson told TechRepublic.
The comeback happened after a construction halt and the CEO stepping down in October 2016, which left some wondering if Fiber was on its last breath.
SEE: Internet and Email usage policy (Tech Pro Research)
But 2017 wasn't entirely a year of redemption. In February, hundreds of Fiber employees were moved to new jobs at Google. And Gregory McCray left the role of CEO in July after only holding the position for five months.
And internet experts still have their doubts. Chris Antlitz, a senior analyst at Technology Business Research, labelled Fiber's year as "not very good." Jim Hayes, president of the Fiber Optic Association, called Google Fiber a "very distant player" in the fiber market.
However, Antlitz added that, for Alphabet—the parent company of both Google and Google Fiber—that means they're just not growing as fast as they wanted to. Google Fiber has still had an impact this year, they said.
Fiber set a new bar for broadband by showing incumbent internet service providers (ISPs) that it is economically feasible to bring 1 gigabit internet to consumers, Antlitz said. Since Google Fiber led a connectivity renaissance in 2011 when it launched in its first city, Kansas City, KS, top telecom providers have been in an arms race to upgrade their broadband pipes to accommodate 1 gigabit, Antlitz said.
Google Fiber's presence in the market has caused competition that has forced other fiber providers like Verizon and AT&T Fiber to offer cheaper, faster service. Adding a second provider to a market can reduce prices by around one-third, according to a study by the Fiber to the Home Council.
SEE: Google Fiber 2.0 targets the city where it will stage its comeback, as AT&T Fiber prepares to go nuclear
AT&T has been particularly competitive, analysts say. They've been expanding in current and prospective Google Fiber cities, including adding new neighborhoods in San Antonio months before Google Fiber arrived.
In Louisville, AT&T sued the Louisville Metro Government over its "One Touch Make Ready" ordinance, which allows Google to use existing poles to install its technology without permission from the telecom company that owned the poles. The lawsuit was dismissed in August, and AT&T said it wouldn't appeal the dismissal in October.
A TechRepublic investigation found that AT&T has talked a big game about its buildout in Louisville, but has dragged its feet in rolling out gigabit internet to customers and has signed up very few households. It's this kind of activity that has gotten AT&T's gigabit strategy labeled "fiber-to-the-press-release."
It's unclear what Google Fiber's 2018 will look like. The company's map of Fiber cities doesn't yet list an upcoming city where Fiber will be heading next. Six potential cities—Portland, OR, San Jose, CA, Los Angeles, CA, Dallas, TX, Oklahoma City, OK, Tampa, FL, Jacksonville, FL, Phoenix, AZ—are listed as places the company is exploring.
SEE: Louisville and the Future of the Smart City (a ZDNet/TechRepublic special report)
William Hahn, an analyst at Gartner, said going to even one-third of those cities next year would be impressive for Google Fiber. However, they said they don't foresee a shift in the market in the next two years. The next big gamechanger? The rollout of 5G, which will give providers more wireless to potentially play with in cities and hard-to-reach rural areas. In five US cities in 2018, Verizon plans to roll out 5G fixed wireless, which will compete directly with fiber in speed and low latency.
Antlitz said it's probable that Fiber will collaborate with incumbent ISPs to target unserved and underserved communities, including those in emerging markets and harder-to-reach rural spots.
"I think they don't want to be an ISP," Antlitz said. "They're trying to prove a point."
The point? That faster, 1 gigabit internet can be affordable—and that the existing ISPs just needed a push.
"They got what they wanted," Antlitz added.
Stay informed, click here to subscribe to the TechRepublic Next Big Thing newsletter. Subscribe
Also see
Have your say
Rain intervened across the whole First Division programme, with none of Saturday's matches completed.
Washington managed 130-4 in 24 overs before rain called a halt to their game against a Seaham Harbour side looking to make it two wins on the trot.
The Harraton outfit were led by Abhijal Mansingh's unbeaten 44, from 64 balls, with three boundaries.
Malinga Surappulige added 35 off 29 balls, helped by four fours and a six, in a 71-run partnership for the second wicket, while Josh Wilson had a four and a six in a 24-ball knock of 29.
Marc Symington took 2-42 for Harbour, with Jack Lacey and Nathan Corkhill also striking.
Third-placed Burnmoor declared on 130-6 after 36.1 overs away to Brandon, but were unable to have a crack at the home side as the weather took centre stage.
Mackenzie Wright, batting at six, top-scored with an unbeaten 36, off 37 balls, with four boundaries.
Steven Meek made 25, with three fours, with Riley Blunt adding 19 in 20 balls, Samiullah Khan hitting 16 and Paul Craig 13.
Ryan Nicholson (2-35) and Ryan Green (2-39) were the pick of the bowlers, while Moin Ashraf and Jordan Grosert also striking.
Burnopfield's game at leaders Sacriston lasted just 11.1 overs, with the visitors making 38-1. Cole Pearce was run out for 13 by Graham Hubber, with fellow opener James Radcliffe unbeaten on 18.
The game only began at 4pm, lasting just 40 minutes until the rain intervened.
Boldon, in fourth, were 61-1 at Gateshead Fell when the rain came along.
At the bottom, Mainsforth looked in trouble at home to Blaydon, when they were dismissed for 70, with four wickets apiece for Gary Stewart and Joseph Reynolds.
But they escaped defeat with the match being abandoned.
Chris Coleman bemoaned Sunderland for being too naive and for letting teams off the hook too easily after another home defeat.
Joe Garner's 35th minute opener and an Adam Matthews own goal in first half added on time condemned Sunderland to their fourth defeat from five games.
Chris Coleman.
Sunderland started brightly, Joel Asoro dragging a shot wide after excellent play from Middlesbrough loanee Ashley Fletcher.
Martyn Waghorn hit the crossbar from a free-kick for the visitors before Mick McCarthy's side broke the deadlock just past the half hour mark, Garner turning Billy Jones too easily before curling past new keeper Lee Camp.
"First half hour, I didn't have a complaint," said Coleman.
"There was some good stuff and we should have gone 1-0 up. That all important first goal that we don't recover from.
"The second goal, seconds before half time, it is incredible to again concede like that. It knocks the life out of you, of course it does.
"Second half, we tried, we looked naive in certain situations. If you look at Ipswich they have a lot of boys who know the division, they are streetwise. We are sometimes naive.
"It is about us, somehow finding a way. We get into some lovely situations but let teams off the hook. Lack of confidence or focus, I don't know.
"We work so hard to get in a good situation and then let them off the hook, it is aggravating. I know exactly where we are, we all do. There is only us who can change our fortunes.
"We have shown some good stuff to build on but we have to stop letting teams off the hook and gifting teams goals. We never get easy goals, why are we giving the opposition goals.
"We can't do that otherwise we will never get away from where we are."
For the second time in two games Sunderland conceded in added-on time in the first half, effectively killing the game.
It left Coleman once again fuming.
They added: "There was a minute to go, we are 1-0 down, it is naive for us to keep pushing forward. Kill it. Let's get inside and we deal with it. Instead, we get picked off.
"The situation shouldn't occur with 30 seconds to go. Two games running , that is tough to come back from that, you get beat down all the time. Things are going against you.
"You can be forgiven for thinking it will never turn but it will. It has to. We have got to turn it around. It is tough, I won't lie to you.
"It is trying to shrug that negativity off, it is down to us to do that."
President Donald Trump suggested Tuesday that their pick for Veterans Affairs secretary might want to withdraw after the emergence of allegations about inappropriate workplace behavior, including over-prescribing prescription drugs and drinking on the job.
Trump said they would stand behind Dr. Ronny Jackson, calling the White House doctor "one of the finest people that I have met." But they questioned why Jackson would want to put up with the scrutiny, which they characterized as unfair.
"I wouldn't do it," Trump said. "What do they need it for? What do you need this for? To be abused by a bunch of politicians that aren't thinking nicely about our country?"
They said Jackson would make a decision soon.
Trump spoke at a White House news conference with French President Emmanuel Macron shortly after the Senate Veterans Affairs Committee announced that Jackson's confirmation hearing, scheduled for Wednesday, would be postponed indefinitely while senators looked into the allegations.
"We take very seriously our constitutional duty to thoroughly and carefully vet each nominee sent to the Senate for confirmation," said the chairperson, Sen. Johnny Isakson, R-Ga., and the top Democrat on the committee, Sen. Jon Tester of Montana. "We will continue looking into these serious allegations and have requested additional information from the White House to enable the committee to conduct a full review."
Asked if Jackson's nomination is still viable, Isakson responded, "We'll see."
The two lawmakers sent a letter to Trump on Tuesday requesting additional information about Jackson, who has served as a White House physician since 2006. It demands any communication between the Pentagon and the White House for the last 12 years regarding "allegations or incidents" involving him.
With Congress set to recess Friday for a week, Tester said the earliest a hearing could be held would be in about 10 days but it was too soon to tell. "We're vetting hard right now," they told reporters. "We still have more information to find out."
Allegations began surfacing late last week involving Jackson's workplace practices, including claims of inappropriate behavior and over-prescribing prescription drugs, according to two aides granted anonymity to discuss the situation. The complaints the White House heard include that they oversaw a poor work environment and that they had drunk alcohol on the job, according to an administration official who demanded anonymity to speak on a sensitive personnel matter.
Isakson told fellow GOP senators over the weekend about the allegations, prompting those on the panel to support delaying the hearing.
"These concerns are bipartisan," said Sen. Richard Blumenthal, D-Conn., and a member of the committee. "The viability of their nomination depends on the administration's ability to provide answers quickly, thoroughly, accurately and honestly."
Democrats on the committee assembled privately late Monday. Tester reiterated to the other senators that the allegations were out there, one aide said. But no specific evidence of wrongdoing was offered.
Trump selected Jackson to head the VA last month after firing former Obama administration official David Shulkin following an ethics scandal and mounting rebellion within the agency. But Jackson has faced numerous questions from Republican and Democratic lawmakers as well as veterans groups about whether they have the experience to manage the massive department of 360,000 employees serving 9 million veterans.
A doomed nomination would be a political blow to the White House, which has faced criticism for sloppy vetting of Cabinet nominees and tough confirmation battles in a Senate where Republicans hold a slim 51-49 majority. Prior to Jackson's nomination, Trump had told aides and outside advisers that they were fond of Jackson personally and was said to be particularly impressed with Jackson's performance at the White House press room podium in January, when they offered a glowing report on the president's physical and mental well-being.
Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer, D-N.Y., said the American people were the losers in a shaky nomination effort. The Trump Cabinet, they said, "is turning into a sad game of musical chairs."
Sen. Susan Collins, R-Maine, who is not on the veterans panel, noted that the allegations against Jackson arose after Trump nominated him. "I don't know whether this is an aberration or not, but it certainly is something that bears looking into." They said recent allegations of ethical violations in Oklahoma by EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt also raise questions about White House vetting.
Sen. Patty Murray, D-Wash., a member of the Senate veterans committee, said Trump "either didn't care or didn't bother to send a fully qualified VA nominee."
Late Monday, Jackson was still pursuing support. They held a late-afternoon conference call with veterans groups from West Virginia and the state's Democratic Sen. Joe Manchin, a member of the committee, whose vote could be vital for support.
Sen. Mike Rounds, R-S.D., a member of the committee, said Jackson's small staff at the White House will be an issue as they are considered to lead the VA.
"We've got 360,000 people there," they said. "Are they going to manage the secretary or is the secretary going to manage the VA? That's a good question to ask, and they need to answer it. They need to be the leader. A lot of folks want to be led and managed."
———
Associated Press writers Ken Thomas, Catherine Lucey, Alan Fram and Matthew Daly contributed to this report.
WASHINGTON (AP) — A chartered train carrying dozens of GOP lawmakers to a Republican retreat in West Virginia struck a garbage truck south of Charlottesville, Virginia, on Wednesday. No lawmakers were believed injured, but it at least one person in the truck was said to be seriously injured.
"We're fine, but our train hit a garbage truck. Members with medical training are assisting the drivers of the truck," Rep. Greg Walden, R-Ore., wrote on Twitter.
A GOP aide said the train is partially derailed.
Oklahoma GOP Rep. Tom Cole says a person on the truck may have been seriously injured.
Cole said he's not aware of any injuries on the train. A GOP aide speaking on condition of anonymity says no lawmakers were injured.
Cole said they believe the accident occurred south of Charlottesville, Virginia. The train was en route to the Greenbrier resort in White Sulfur Springs for a three-day issues retreat featuring appearances by President Donald Trump and Vice President Mike Pence.
Rep. Bradley Byrne, R-Ala., tweeted: "The train carrying GOP members to our retreat had a collision, but Rebecca and I are both okay. Security and doctors on board are helping secure the scene and treat injuries."
Cole said they felt "a tremendous jolt" when the accident occurred at about 11:15 a.m. EST, nearly two hours after it left Washington headed to the Greenbrier resort in White Sulphur Springs, W.Va.
They said the train stopped quickly after impact. They said several GOP lawmakers who are doctors got off the train to assist, including Rep. Brad Wenstrup, R-Ohio, who was also at last June's shooting of Republicans at a baseball practice in nearby Alexandria, Virginia, and treated some of the victims.
Other doctor-lawmakers who helped included Reps. Michael Burgess, R-Texas, Phil Roe, R-Tenn., and Sen. Bill Cassidy, R-La.
Cole said the front of the train hit a vehicle that appeared to be a trash truck, which they said was torn in half. They said the accident apparently occurred at or near a crossing because they could see railroad crossing gates.
They said lawmakers had not been told when they would resume their trip to their retreat.
LONDON (AP) — Ireland says it will begin collecting more than 13 billion euros ($15.9 billion) of back taxes from Apple, 19 months after the European Commission ruled that a tax deal with the tech giant amounted to illegal state aid.
The Commission ordered Ireland to collect back taxes for the years 2003-2014, which it estimated at 13 billion euros plus interest. Ireland disagreed, saying the ruling undermined the integrity of the country's tax system.
But Finance Minister Paschal Donohoe says they will on Tuesday sign an agreement setting up the escrow account that will hold the payments while Apple and Ireland appeal. The payments should be completed by September.
Donohoe says the government "fundamentally disagrees with the ruling," but "Ireland is intent on complying with our binding legal obligations in this regard."
Pitch Perfect PR
It's been five years now since My Bloody Valentine released their third album, mbv, and while that's a long time between albums, that's nothing compared to the 22 years that passed between 1991's Loveless and 2013's mbv. The good news is that it looks like Kevin Shields and company don't want to keep the people waiting for so long this time, as the group appears to be in a productive groove.
He's promised that there will be a new My Bloody Valentine album this year (and some EPs), and the band was also confirmed to appear at the Japanese festival Sonicmania in August, and at Robert Smith's Meltdown festival in June. Now they've announced even more shows between those two, all of which will be their first since 2013. In July and August, My Bloody Valentine will take a brief trek through the United States, making stops in Seattle, Oakland, Los Angeles (at FYF Fest), St. Paul, Chicago, Philadelphia, and New York.
Check out the band's upcoming tour dates below.
6/23 — London, UK @ Royal Festival Hall – Robert Smith's Meltdown
6/30-7/7 — Roskilde, DE @ Roskilde Festival
7/17 — Seattle, WA @ Paramount
7/19 — Oakland, CA @ Fox Theater
7/22 — Los Angeles, CA @ FYF Fest
7/25 — St. Paul, MN @ Palace Theatre
7/27 — Chicago, IL @ Riviera Theatre
7/30 — Philadelphia, PA @ The Fillmore
8/1 — New York, NY @ Hammerstein Ballroom
8/17 — Makuhari Messe, JP @ Sonicmania
PLANS to convert a former furniture factory into student accommodation have been recommended for approval, despite more than 500 letters of objection.
The plans to redevelop St Leonards House in Lancaster into 80 studio flats and a series of cluster flats will go before council planning chiefs on January 9.
Lancashire County Council, Lancaster University and local and national heritage organisations have expressed concern about the development, and the city council, which owns the Grade II building, has received 534 letters of objection.
The work will include a significant amount of demolition and alteration to the inside and outside of the building, including a replacement roof to create additional living accommodation.
Lancaster University has not objected to the proposal, but has raised concern about whether there is enough student demand for the development, and the fact that the development could trigger the loss of the university's Sugarhouse Nightclub due to noise complaints from tenants.
Lancaster University Students' Union has objected to the development for the same reason, saying more needs to be done to protect the Sugarhouse from noise complaints.
The union argued that people would no longer wish to study at Lancaster if the nightclub was to close.
It also opposed the redevelopment of the former Gillows building in North Road, which was granted planning permission for student flats earlier this month, on the same grounds.
Historic England has raised concerns regarding the level of intervention to the building, but has said that, whilst they consider the level of harm caused would be regrettable, they would raise no objection.
The Victorian Society and the Twentieth Century Society have objected to the proposals on heritage grounds, meaning the plan will need to be referred to the Secretary of State.
Lancaster Civic Society has also objected to the plans, although it welcomes the re-use of the building.
Lancashire County Council said traffic calming measures in St Leonards Gate would need to be made if it was to support the proposal.
Lancaster City Council's planning officers concluded that the development will bring a significant listed building back into use, restoring and conserving its historic fabric which will help preserve the Conservation Area.
A final decision is set to be made when the planning committee meets later this month.
douglas e: I´m a recently retired USN Officer and a hard-core Trump supporter, but what this MIT proffesor is saying makes complete sense. In fact, what makes absolutely zero sense is that Assad whose forces (with the help of the Russians & Iranians) were convincingly winning their battle against the Syrian rebels, would use chemical weapons - knowing it could trigger a response from the West. Perhaps our President is privy to some intel that to date has not been disclosed that proves Assad was responsible, but my gut tells me the attack on Assad was a mistake resulting from bad intel or undue pressure from the Neocons (like McCain) and Neoliberals (like H. Clinton).
WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump will herald a robust economy and push for bipartisan congressional action on immigration in Tuesday's State of the Union address, as they seek to rally a deeply divided nation and boost their own sagging standing with Americans.
The speech marks the ceremonial kickoff of Trump's second year in office and is traditionally a president's biggest platform to speak to the nation. However, Trump has redefined presidential communications with their high-octane, filter-free Twitter account and there's no guarantee that the carefully crafted speech will resonate beyond their next tweet.
Still, White House officials are hopeful the president can use the prime-time address to Congress and millions of Americans watching at home to take credit for a soaring economy. Though the trajectory of lower unemployment and higher growth began under their predecessor, Trump argues that the tax overhaul they signed into law late last year has boosted business confidence and will lead companies to reinvest in the United States.
Considering the strength of the economy, Trump will step before lawmakers Tuesday night in a remarkably weak position. Their approval rating has hovered in the 30s for much of their presidency and at the close of 2017, just 3 in 10 Americans said the United States was heading in the right direction, according to a poll by The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research. In the same survey, 67 percent of Americans said the country was more divided because of Trump.
It's unlikely Trump will be able to rely on a robust legislative agenda to reverse those numbers in 2018. Congress has struggled with the basic function of funding the government, prompting a brief government shutdown earlier this month that was resolved only with a short-term fix that pushed the spending deadline to Feb. 8.
Against the backdrop of the spending fight, Republicans and Democrats are also wrestling with the future of some 700,000 young immigrants living in the United States illegally. Trump has vowed to protect the so-called Dreamers from deportation, but is also calling for changes to legal immigration that are controversial with both parties.
"We're going to get something done, we hope bipartisan," Trump told reporters Monday, before giving their speech a practice run-through in the White House map room. "The Republicans really don't have the votes to get it done in any other way. So it has to be bipartisan."
Though Democrats are eager to reach a resolution for the young immigrants, the party is hardly in the mood to compromise with Trump ahead of the midterm elections. Lawmakers see Trump's unpopularity as a key to their success in November, and are eager to mobilize Democratic voters itching to deliver the president and their party a defeat at the ballot box.
Seeking to set the tone for their election-year strategy, party leaders have tapped Massachusetts Rep. Joe Kennedy, the grandson of Robert F. Kennedy, to deliver a post-speech rebuttal aimed at casting Democrats, not Trump, as champions of the middle class.
Democrats are also looking to make their mark in other ways. A handful of lawmakers are planning to boycott the president's remarks. And several Democratic women plan to wear black to protest sexual harassment, an issue that has tarnished several lawmakers in both parties. Trump themselves has been accused of assault or harassment by more than a dozen women, accusations they have denied. The Wall Street Journal reported this month that the president's lawyer arranged a payment to a porn star, Stormy Daniels, to prevent them from talking about their alleged encounter with the future president.
First lady Melania Trump, who has largely stayed out of the spotlight following those allegations, will attend Tuesday's address, according to the White House. She'll be joined in the audience by several guests whose stories amplify the president's agenda, including an Ohio welder who the White House says will benefit from the new tax law and the parents of two Long Island teenagers who were believed to have been killed by MS-13 gang members.
___
Follow Julie Pace at http://twitter.com/jpaceDC
TAZEWELL COUNTY, VA (AP) – Gov. Terry McAuliffe has announced that Tazewell County in southwestern Virginia will receive $300,000 in grant funding to provide transition assistance to coal industry-related businesses.
The funding will go to the Heart of Appalachia Collaborative Economic Transition Project, also known as The Heart Project.
The project will provide direct counseling, training, mentoring, business service plan development and other targeted technical assistance to approximately 58 coal industry-related businesses, retaining about 200 existing jobs in southwest Virginia. It's also expected to create 10 new businesses and 30 new jobs.
Since 1982, the federally-funded Community Development Block Grant Program has been administered by the Virginia Department of Housing and Community Development. Nearly 300 non-metropolitan cities, counties and towns are eligible for the program in Virginia.
Getty Image
Giancarlo Stanton is officially a New York Yankee. It was reported over the weekend that the Miami Marlins were prepared to send Stanton, the reigning National League MVP, to New York in exchange for second baseman Starlin Castro and some prospects. All that needed to happen was for Stanton to waive their no-trade clause and the slugger was heading to the Bronx.
The clause was waived, and on Monday morning, the Yankees tweeted out confirmation that they had acquired the most feared power hitter in baseball.
It's been waiting for you. pic.twitter.com/yaDMQS7Z5S — New York Yankees (@Yankees) December 11, 2017
We also learned that the rumored return for both sides was true, as the prospects in the move were a right handed pitcher and an infielder. Additionally, the Marlins sent the Yankees money to offset some of the 10 years and $295 million remaining on Stanton's gaudy contract.
Search
Nadine Dorries zinger:
“If Grant Shapps has got 30 people signing their petition then Diane Abbott must be doing the adding up.”
Lebanese President Michel Aoun on Tuesday urged Arab nations to come together to “protect” the multi-faith character of Jerusalem, accusing Israel of trying to “Judaize Palestine”.
Aoun called on members of the Cairo-based Arab League to "unite our efforts to preserve the character of Jerusalem, which brings together both Christian and Muslim heritage".
Keeping Welland's name at the forefront of federal ministries and agencies was one of the reasons Welland Mayor Frank Campion, CAO Gary Long and economic development officer Dan Degazio spent three days in the nation's capital last week.
The three men met with the office of the Minister of Innovation, Science and Economic Development, office of the Minister of Transportation, office of the Minister of Infrastructure and Communities, Canada Post, Export Development Canada, and Federation of Canadian Municipalities. Niagara Centre MP Vance Badawey accompanied the men one of the visits.
“It was very successful. We learned more about programs available to us and made connections with the proper staff in each of the ministers' offices. They were appreciative we took the time to go and meet with them, they'll know who they're dealing with when we call.”
Making those connections and working with all levels of government has paid off for Welland, the mayor said, adding it worked in the case of attracting GE to the Rose City.
During a meeting with Transport Canada, Campion said one of things the city has been looking at is purchasing land along the Welland Canal for industrial purposes; creating more development-ready lands and adding them to the city's inventory.
“We talked about working out an arrangement in conjunction with the St. Lawrence Seaway (Management Corp.) to create a logistics centre that includes rail and trucking. A dockage area where ships can tie up. They seemed very receptive to the concept and it fits in with federal plans of moving goods throughout Canada.”
Those talks also fit in with a meeting the three men had with Export Development Canada in relation to Niagara's Free Trade Zone.
Niagara was designated a free trade zone by the federal government last year and, said Campion, it makes the area attractive for the movement of goods back and forth across with border with reduced tariffs and duty.
“We were looking to them for more information on it. We'd like to see an office opened in Niagara to give us another tool to use. We could show people how the free trade zone could be used for industry.”
Brownfield redevelopment was on the agenda when the three men met with the Federation of Canadian Municipalities, the agency that advocates municipal needs to the federal government when it comes to federal programs and policies.
“There are several programs we can tap into, and they're going to get back to us on them.”
Campion said Welland has a lot of abandoned industrial lands, some in the heart of the city, that could be remediated through the FCM programs, or where the city could help assist in the remediation.
Canada Post was also included in the three-day trip, with three meeting with high level staff to talk about the former post office on King Street, just north of Division St.
The building is still owned by the Crown corporation and has been abandoned and boarded up for years.
“It's a prime part of our downtown core, facing the water and we talked about selling it or transferring it to the city,” they said, adding the city asked for the look of the building to be improved first, and for Canada Post to do something with it, second.
dajohnson@postmedia.com
Twitter: @DaveJTheTrib
Today in History
Today is Tuesday, April 18, the 108th day of 2017. There are 257 days left in the year.
Today's Highlights in History:
On April 18, 1942, during World War II, an air squadron from the USS Hornet led by Lt. Col. James H. Doolittle raided Tokyo and other Japanese cities. The first World War II edition of The Stars and Stripes was published as a weekly newspaper.
On this date:
In 1775, Paul Revere began their famous ride from Charlestown to Lexington, Massachusetts, warning colonists that British Regular troops were approaching.
In 1865, Confederate Gen. Joseph E. Johnston surrendered to Union Maj. Gen. William T. Sherman near Durham Station in North Carolina.
In 1906, a devastating earthquake struck San Francisco, followed by raging fires; estimates of the final death toll range between 3,000 and 6,000.
In 1925, the first Woman's World's Fair, an eight-day event, opened in Chicago.
In 1934, the first laundromat was opened by John F. Cantrell in Fort Worth, Texas; the "Washateria," as it was called, rented four electric washing machines to the public on an hourly basis.
In 1945, during World War II, famed American war correspondent Ernie Pyle, 44, was killed by Japanese gunfire on the Pacific island of Ie Shima (ee-eh shee-mah), off Okinawa.
In 1946, the League of Nations met for the last time. The International Court of Justice, the judicial arm of the United Nations, held its first sitting in The Hague, Netherlands.
In 1956, American actor Grace Kelly married Prince Rainier (ray-NEER') of Monaco in a civil ceremony. (A church wedding took place the next day.)
In 1966, "The Sound of Music" won the Oscar for best picture of 1965 at the 38th Academy Awards. The first Major League baseball game played on AstroTurf took place at the Houston Astrodome as the Los Angeles Dodgers defeated the Astros 6-3. Bill Russell was named player-coach of the Boston Celtics, becoming the NBA's first black coach.
In 1978, the Senate approved the Panama Canal Treaty, providing for the complete turnover of control of the waterway to Panama on the last day of 1999.
In 1983, 63 people, including 17 Americans, were killed at the U.S. Embassy in Beirut, Lebanon, by a suicide bomber.
In 1996, Israeli shells killed 107 Lebanese refugees in a United Nations camp; Israel called the attack an "unfortunate mistake." Gunmen opened fire at a hotel in Egypt, killing 18 Greek tourists they'd mistaken for Israelis.
Ten years ago: The Supreme Court, in a 5-4 ruling, upheld the Partial Birth Abortion Ban Act, saying it did not violate a woman's constitutional right to an abortion. Four large bombs exploded in mainly Shiite locations of Baghdad, killing at least 183 people. Mark Buehrle (BUR'-lee) of the Chicago White Sox faced the minimum 27 batters in a 6-0 no-hit victory over the Texas Rangers. Curtis Strange and Hubert Green were elected to the World Golf Hall of Fame.
Five years ago: Defense Secretary Leon Panetta apologized for gruesome photographs published in the Los Angeles Times that purported to show U.S. soldiers posing with the bloodied remains of dead insurgents in Afghanistan two years earlier. Dick Clark, the ever-youthful television host and producer who helped bring rock 'n' roll into the mainstream on "American Bandstand" and rang in the New Year for the masses at Times Square, died in Santa Monica, California, at age 82.
One year ago: The U.S. agreed to deploy more than 200 additional troops to Iraq and to send eight Apache helicopters for the first time into the fight against the Islamic State group in Iraq, the first major increase in U.S. forces in nearly a year. The Associated Press won the Pulitzer Prize for public service for documenting the use of slave labor in Southeast Asia to supply seafood to American tables. "Hamilton," Lin-Manuel Miranda's hip-hop stage biography of America's first treasury secretary, won the Pulitzer for drama. At the Boston Marathon, Ethiopians won both the men's and women's races for the first time in history; Lemi Berhanu Hayle won the men's race in 2:12:45 and Atsede Baysa won the women's race in 2:29:19.
Today's Birthdays: Actor Clive Revill is 87. Actor James Drury is 83. Actor Robert Hooks is 80. Actress Hayley Mills is 71. Actor James Woods is 70. Actress-director Dorothy Lyman is 70. Actress Cindy Pickett is 70. Country musician Walt Richmond (The Tractors) is 70. Country musician Jim Scholten (Sawyer Brown) is 65. Actor Rick Moranis is 64. Actress Melody Thomas Scott is 61. Actor Eric Roberts is 61. Actor John James is 61. Rock musician Les Pattinson (Echo and the Bunnymen) is 59. Author-journalist Susan Faludi is 58. Actress Jane Leeves is 56. Ventriloquist/comedian Jeff Dunham is 55. Talk show host Conan O'Brien is 54. Bluegrass singer-musician Terry Eldredge is 54. Actor Eric McCormack is 54. Actress Maria Bello is 50. Actress Mary Birdsong is 49. Actor David Hewlett is 49. Rock musician Greg Eklund (The Oolahs) is 47. Actress Lisa Locicero is 47. TV chef Ludovic Lefebvre is 46. Actor David Tennant is 46. Country musician Marvin Evatt (EH'-veht) is 43. Rock musician Mark Tremonti is 43. Rhythm-and-blues singer Trina (Trina and Tamara) is 43. Actress Melissa Joan Hart is 41. Actor Sean Maguire is 41. Actor Kevin Rankin is 41. Actor Bryce Johnson is 40. Reality TV star Kourtney Kardashian (kar-DASH'-ee-uhn) is 38. Actress America Ferrera is 33. Actress Vanessa Kirby (TV: "The Crown") is 29. Actress Alia Shawkat is 28. Actress Britt Robertson is 27. Actress Chloe Bennet is 25. Rock singer Nathan Sykes (The Wanted) is 24. Actor Moises Arias is 23.
Thought for Today: "Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere." — Albert Einstein, German-American physicist (born 1879, died this date in 1955).
A view of the Swiss Alps between Zurich and Interlaken. Bronze age items have been found on an Alpine pass.
Melting snow has revealed a haul of ancient bronze age artefacts on an Alpine pass, showing that the route has been in use for at least 4,000 years.
According to a statement from the local government, among the items were a box of roughly ground flour, fragments of bows, three flint arrowheads, a container made out of cow's horn, and some small pieces of leather.
The equipment, found in the Lötschberg pass near to the city of Bern in Switzerland, has been carbon-dated back to 2,000-1,800 years B.C., making it the oldest archaeological find on the pass.
In the past, Roman and medieval artefacts had been discovered in the area, as well as a container from the Iron Age that has traces of fire, suggesting it may have been used to carry embers.
But the new finds show that even 4,000 years ago, hunters, shepherds and traders were using the route to cross between the Bernese highlands at one end, and the Valais area, a mountainous region containing the famous Matterhorn peak.
The unveiling of the new find was gradual. In 2011, the guardian of a hut in the area notified the local authorities that melting snow had revealed some fragments.
Further, limited excavations were possible in 2012, but then for the next three summers the remaining items stayed covered up throughout the summer. Only in 2017 were the archaeologists able to complete their work.
The researchers believe that the items make up the inventory of a bronze age mountaineer. The number of scraps of material suggest that they or they would have worn some kind of backpack, and a bag of birch bark.
Discoveries prompted by melting snow and ice are not unusual in the Swiss alps; and some of them are more grisly than others.
In 2012, the body of Jonathan Conville, 27, who vanished from the Matterhorn in 1979, was revealed as their final resting place unfroze.
Related Articles
St. John Bosco's Jude Wolfe crosses the goal line for a touchdown in the first half of Bosco's game against Orange Lutheran in a Trinity League football game at Orange Coast College in Costa Mesa, CA on Thursday, Oct. 5, 2017. (Photo by Bill Alkofer, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Orange Lutheran quarterback Ryan Hilinski is sacked by a Bosco lineman during the first half of a Trinity League football game at Orange Coast College in Costa Mesa, CA on Friday, Oct. 6, 2017. (Photo by Bill Alkofer, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Orange Lutheran's Kyle Ford jumps over the goal line for a touchdown against St. John Bosco during a Trinity League football game at Orange Coast College in Costa Mesa, CA on Friday, Oct. 6, 2017. (Photo by Bill Alkofer, Orange County Register/SCNG)
St. John Bosco's Devon Cooley is tackled by Orange Lutheran's Josiah Hawkins during a Trinity League football game at Orange Coast College in Costa Mesa, CA on Friday, Oct. 6, 2017. (Photo by Bill Alkofer, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Orange Lutheran wide receiver Kyle Ford is stopped a yard short of the goal line by St. John Bosco's Stephan Blaylock during the first half of their Trinity League football game at Orange Coast College in Costa Mesa, CA on Friday, Oct. 6, 2017. (Photo by Bill Alkofer, Orange County Register/SCNG)
St. John Bosco's George Holani gets past the tackle of Orange Lutheran's Reginald Strong Jr. for a Bosco touchdown in a Trinity League football game at Orange Coast College in Costa Mesa, CA on Thursday, Oct. 5, 2017. (Photo by Bill Alkofer, Orange County Register/SCNG)
The ball pops out of the hands of St. John Bosco's DJ Uisgalelei against Orange Lutheran in a Trinity League football game at Orange Coast College in Costa Mesa, CA on Friday, Oct, 6, 2017. Bosco recovered the ball. (Photo by Bill Alkofer, Orange County Register/SCNG)
St. John Bosco quarterback Re-al Mitchell looks for a receiver downfield against Orange Lutheran in a Trinity League football game at Orange Coast College in Costa Mesa, CA on Friday, Oct. 6, 2017. (Photo by Bill Alkofer, Orange County Register/SCNG)
St. John Bosco's Keith Savage eludes a tackle by Orange Lutheran's Brice Birrell in a Trinity League football game at Orange Coast College in Costa Mesa, CA on Friday, Oct. 6, 2017. (Photo by Bill Alkofer, Orange County Register/SCNG)
St. John Bosco's Keith Savage eludes a tackle by Orange Lutheran's Brice Birrell in a Trinity League football game at Orange Coast College in Costa Mesa, CA on Friday, Oct. 6, 2017. (Photo by Bill Alkofer, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Orange Lutheran's Elijah Mojarro stiff arms St. John Bosco's Joshua Alford in a Trinity League football game at Orange Coast College in Costa Mesa, CA on Friday, Oct. 6, 2017. (Photo by Bill Alkofer, Orange County Register/SCNG)
St. John Bosco running back George Holani gets past Orange Lutheran's Jacob DeWitt in a Trinity League football game at Orange Coast College in Costa Mesa, CA on Friday, Oct. 6, 2017. (Photo by Bill Alkofer, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Orange Lutheran fans were having a “Pink Out Against Breast Cancer” night during their game against St. John Bosco at Orange Coast College in Costa Mesa, CA on Friday, Oct. 6, 2017. (Photo by Bill Alkofer, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Max Mendoza plays the tuba for Orange Lutheran's band at Orange Coast College in Costa Mesa, CA on Friday, Oct. 6, 2017. (Photo by Bill Alkofer, Orange County Register/SCNG)
An early arrival for the Bosco-Orange Lutheran game had their pick of seats at Orange Coast College in Costa Mesa, CA on Friday, Oct. 6, 2017. (Photo by Bill Alkofer, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Orange Lutheran cheerleader Cecilia Beedie demonstrates a flip at the Orange Lutheran game against St. John Bosco at Orange Coast College in Costa Mesa, CA on Thursday, Oct. 6, 2017. (Photo by Bill Alkofer, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Orange Lutheran players come out of a giant inflatible helmet at the start of Friday's game against St. John Bosco at Orange Coast College in Costa Mesa, CA on Thursday, Oct. 6, 2017. (Photo by Bill Alkofer, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Orange Lutheran's Michael Puskas warms up before Friday's game against St. John Bosco at Orange Coast College in Costa Mesa, CA on Friday, Oct. 6, 2017. (Photo by Bill Alkofer, Orange County Register/SCNG)
COSTA MESA – Orange Lutheran got some help from St. John Bosco penalties, but the Braves' athletic superiority was the difference in their 42-21 win in the Trinity League opener for both Friday at Orange Coast College.
The Braves were penalized 13 times for 139 yards. Their penalties created first downs for Orange Lutheran when the Lancers scored two fourth-quarter touchdowns to cut the St. John Bosco lead to 28-21.
St. John Bosco senior quarterback Re-al Mitchell scored on a 27-yard run to make it 35-21. Braves sophomore quarterback DJ Uiagalelei connected with wide receiver Joshua Delgado on a 36-yard touchdown pass to put the game away, 42-21, and set up next week's game against Mater Dei on Friday, Oct. 13, at El Camino College.
Mitchell, who shared quarterback duties with Uiagalelei on alternate possessions, had scored on a 37-yard run in third quarter.
Orange Lutheran quarterback Ryan Hilinski passed for 222 yards and one touchdown. They scored on a pair of 1-yard quarterback sneaks. St. John Bosco sacked them five times, with defensive end Cole Aubrey getting two sacks.
Hilinski had completed 75 percent of their passes going into the game. They were 20 for 39 on Friday, for 51 percent.
Lancers junior receiver Kyle Ford had five receptions for 110 yards and a touchdown.
Braves junior running back George Holani rushed for 133 yards and touchdown on 18 carries.
St. John Bosco, ranked No. 3 in CIF-Southern Section Division 1, behind No. 1 Mater Dei and No. 2 Centennial of Corona, is 5-1 overall. The Braves are No. 2, behind Mater Dei, in the California rankings compiled by CalHiSports.com.
The Braves have won five in a row since a season-opening loss to nationally-ranked Aquinas of Fort Lauderdale, Fla.
Orange Lutheran, No. 7 in CIF-SS Division 1 and No. 11 in California, is 5-1 overall. The Lancers play JSerra in a league game next Friday, Oct. 13, at Orange Coast College.
St. John Bosco was in high gear on its game-opening possession. The Braves drove 80 yards on nine plays. Junior running back George Holani got the points on a 5-yard touchdown run for a 7-0 lead.
The Lancers tied it in the second quarter. After Orange Lutheran linebacker Kue Olotoa forced a fumble recovered by the Lancers' Talik Sekona near midfield, Orange Lutheran drove to the Braves' 1-yard line where, on fourth down, Hilinski scored on a sneak to make it 7-7.
St. John Bosco regained the lead with 1:19 to go in the second quarter on a 6-yard pass from sophomore quarterback DJ Uiagalelei to tight end Jude Wolfe to put the Braves on top, 14-7.
Mitchell's 37-yard touchdown run in the third quarter pushed the lead to 21-7. Uiagalelei's 15-yard touchdown pass to Colby Bowman made it 28-7. Orange Lutheran scored consecutive touchdowns on Hilinski's 9-yard touchdown pass to Ford and Hilinksi's second 1-yard scoring steak to slice the Bosco lead to 28-21 in the fourth quarter.
The Braves resumed control, scoring on Mitchell's 27-yard run and Delgado's 36-yard pass from Uiagalelei.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Trump warns Iran that restarting nuclear program will yield 'bigger problems' than ever before.
A final International Olympic Committee (IOC) Coordination Commission inspection visit has begun today before Buenos Aires hosts the Summer Youth Olympic Games in October.
An IOC panel chaired by Li Lingwei of China and also including Olympic Games executive director Christophe Dubi began a two-day trip to the Argentinian capital.
The visit began this afternoon with presentations on aspects including transportation and the Olympic Park.
The group then inspected venues which will be used for the Games.
It marks the last inspection before the Games take place later this year from October 6 to 18.
Buenos Aires 2018 launched a jaguar mascot this week ©Buenos Aires 2018
It follows this week's launch of jaguar mascot #Pandi.
The mascot is named with a hashtag at the beginning to demonstrate its strong online profile.
It aims to inspire youths to embrace sport as a tool to make the world a better place, while also raising awareness about the species' risk of extinction.
A short animation has been released to show #Pandi making its way across Buenos Aires, demonstrating its athletic prowess before reaching the iconic Obelisk, the location of the Opening Ceremony.
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
It's not easy being a mixed martial artist, even when you're as skilled and famous as Ronda Rousey. It seems like the higher the public lifts you up when you're winning, the harder they'll toss you back down to the ground after a loss or two. For Rousey, this means their latest loss at UFC 207 has opened the floodgates to endless memes and snarky comments directed their way. But anyone can paste a picture of Ronda Rousey getting punched into the cover art for Radiohead's The Bends. It takes someone special to come up with an original new dance, and fellow MMA star Michael ‘Venom' Page is that special someone.
Page knows a little bit about brutal MMA losses, having dealt out several of them during their career in regional UK promotions and Bellator. Most recently, they made headlines for literally caving in the skull of their opponent with a flying knee and following it up by throwing a Poke Ball at their downed foe.
In this video, an oldschool breakbeat plays as a voice hypnotically suggests we all do the Ronda Rousey. Page staggers around their impromptu dancefloor, their shoes flying through all the major footwork no-nos Ronda performed in their 48 second loss to Brazilian powerhouse Amanda Nunes.
If there's one criticism we have with this video, it's that it didn't include the Airplane, which was what Rousey was basically doing by the end of the fight when the referee stepped in to save them
FILE PHOTO -- Mark Bertolini, Chairman and CEO of Aetna, participates in a panel discussion at the 2015 Fortune Global Forum in San Francisco, California November 3, 2015. REUTERS/Elijah Nouvelage/File Photo
NEW YORK (Reuters) - Aetna Inc Chief Executive Mark Bertolini on Wednesday said the individual Obamacare exchanges are in a "death spiral" where rising premiums push out healthy customers and leave only the sickest customers behind, which then drives up premium rates further.
Bertolini was speaking at a Wall Street Journal conference one day after it and Humana Inc walked away from their merger because the government blocked it on antitrust grounds.
They said that early signs from 2017 enrollment in individual plans created under former President Barack Obama's national healthcare law, often called Obamacare, showed signs of an unbalanced pool of healthy and sick customers.
(Reporting by Caroline Humer)
How do you prevent a tragedy? What can you do? What can you say? What can you teach at a time when all baseball is mourning?
Twice in the past four months -- first following the death of? Miami Marlins?ace? Jose Fernandez, then again this weekend in the wake of the car crashes that took the lives of? Kansas City Royals?right-hander? Yordano Ventura and former major league infielder? Andy Marte -- these haunting questions have reverberated around a grieving sport.
Sadly, as always, there are so many more questions than answers.
Tragedy isn't unique to baseball.
"A lot of incredible, wonderful, amazingly talented people die every day," Marlins president David Samson found themselves saying Monday. "I'm not sure it's ever going to change."
Nearly four months have passed since Samson and the rest of their franchise awoke to the life-changing news of Fernandez's shocking death in a late-night boating accident. In Samson's mind and heart, the what-ifs still mix with the sadness. Neither ever fades into the background for very long.
But the what-ifs don't bring Fernandez, and their effervescent presence, back to life. And just as sadly, the Marlins have concluded, they don't shed nearly enough light on a question that has hung over them ever since: What can people in baseball do to prevent the next tragedy?
"In truth, we're powerless," Samson said. "I feel that powerlessness every day. There's only one way to avoid every ill thing that can happen. And that's to never leave the house."
In baseball, however, that's not a lesson you can teach. Not today. Not any day. So for the people who run franchises touched by these heartbreaking events, the only way to move forward is to make sure no one forgets that young athletes aren't as invincible as they seem.
The? St. Louis Cardinals?are?another team that has been touched by the pain the Royals feel today. In 2014, the organization lost its brightest prospect, Oscar Taveras, in a fatal high-speed auto accident in the Dominican Republic. In 2007, pitcher Josh Hancock lost their lives in another auto accident following a game in St. Louis. Alcohol was involved in both incidents.
So when general manager John Mozeliak addresses their players about the importance of making "smart decisions," there is never a time, they said Monday, when they don't remind them of two former Cardinals whose regrettable choices had an impact on many lives beyond their own.
"Unfortunately, we don't know the details of [Sunday's] tragedies," they said. "But I do know the details of Oscar's tragedy. A lot of things were involved in that crash -- alcohol, wet roads, speeding. Those are themes that are definitely brought up and spoken about when I talk with players."
Hancock, too, "made some mistakes" that cost them their life, Mozeliak said. And players need to be reminded that "mistakes" can have powerful repercussions.
"My point," they said, "is that you have to think about the risks you're taking before you get behind the wheel. ... And you've got to understand what can happen."
But it isn't as if baseball only waits for its most tragic moments to teach lessons. MLB sends a delegation to all 30 spring training camps every year to hammer home these themes. Those meetings will resume this spring.
Every January, the sport gathers its brightest prospects for its annual Rookie Career Development Program, run jointly by MLB and the players' union. Part of that program involves inserting players into improvisational skits, directed with brilliantly realistic humor by the Second City corporate training program, which force them to make all sorts of difficult choices that await them just over the horizon.
And a union official said Monday that leaders are already mulling ways to reemphasize the importance of making good "lifestyle decisions" in the aftermath of these most recent tragedies.
"So I feel like, in our industry, we're very proactive," Mozeliak said, "in trying to be out in front of these situations. But unfortunately, there are limitations on what we can do."
Those limitations exist for one simple reason: Because there's a world out there beyond the ballpark walls. And no team can totally control what players do beyond those walls.
Remember, to live and play baseball in the United States, Jose Fernandez had to escape from Cuba. So they "relished freedom," Samson said. Was it their team's place to dictate what they could do with that freedom when they aren't playing? That's a difficult line to cross.
"We would never do that," Samson said. "We would never take that freedom away from anybody, in the name of safety or in the name of conservatism. It's immoral. It goes against everything we believe in as a country."
So whatever concerns the Marlins may have had about the choices made by Fernandez -- or any other player once they walk outside the clubhouse door -- all they can do is advise those players about the impact those choices can make. But human beings have the responsibility to make those choices for themselves.
"In Jose's case, we spoke to them a million times," Samson said. "Do I wish now we would have spoken to them a million and one times? Of course. But I'm not sure what people think we should have done. Did they want us to move in with him? Did they want us to have a guy stay with them at all times like Josh Hamilton? What should we have done better?"
The men Fernandez played with still live with the pain of their decision to go boating way too late on that fateful Saturday night. Their team would like to think that pain will act as a reminder to make good, safe choices for the rest of their lives. But they have no guarantee of that.
"The 25 guys in that locker room on that Sunday, Sept. 25, will never forget that moment," Samson said. "But will it impact them? Maybe. But this year's team will have seven new guys, and maybe more. Those guys weren't here to experience that. So we'll have the same talk with our players this spring that we always have. But who knows?"
In fact, they never know. Just roll the clock back to October 2014. The night after Oscar Taveras' death, who was the pitcher who went to the mound with Taveras' initials scrawled on their cap? Who was the pitcher who dedicated a World Series victory to the memory of their friend Oscar?
It was Yordano Ventura, of course. Is there a more vivid reminder that the lessons of even the most painful tragedies don't last forever?
"I think," David Samson said, "you just answered your own question."
SEATTLE (AP) -- As the pile of celebrating bodies grew, Washington's Dominic Green started to get uneasy. He'd never been in the situation of celebrating a game-winning basket like this, let alone where they were the one hitting the shot.
''I was really nervous,'' Green said. ''Just because something like that had never happened, so it gave me the butterflies.''
Green was at the center of Washington's raucous celebration on Saturday night after their 3-pointer at the buzzer gave the Huskies a 78-75 upset of No. 9 Arizona.
Washington went to first-year student Jaylen Nowell with the clock winding down, but their shot was blocked by Arizona star Deandre Ayton. Green grabbed the swatted shot near the Washington bench and beat the buzzer with their fourth 3-pointer of the game to cap a huge week for Washington's improving NCAA tournament chances.
''When they shoot, I think it's going in. In that moment, there's a lot of stuff going on. It left their hand and your body is trying to spiritually put it in the hole and when you see it, it's just like pure mayhem,'' Washington coach Mike Hopkins said.
Green finished with 14 points off the bench and the biggest shot of their career as the Huskies (17-6, 7-3 Pac-12) knocked off ranked teams at home back-to-back. The Huskies beat No. 25 Arizona State on Thursday.
Lost in the mayhem around Green's shot was possibly the best game of Noah Dickerson's career. Despite being undersized against the Arizona duo of Ayton and Dusan Ristic, Dickerson finished with a game-high 25 points and at times was Washington's only offensive option.
Ristic scored 21 points for Arizona (19-5, 9-2) and Allonzo Trier had 17 of their 20 in the second half. Ayton was a force on the inside with 19 points, 12 rebounds and three blocks, but missed a free throw with 21 seconds left that would have given Arizona the lead.
MANY farmers around Western Australia are in a state of doubt with the current situation and unstable nature of the live sheep trade.
Western Australia is unique – 85 per cent of Australian sheep that are live exported are from WA.
We dominate the trade nationally.
A ban on the trade will be detrimental to our growers at farm level and will have a knock-on effect to other industries that support the trade.
Shearers, feedlots, backgrounding facilities and transport and haulage companies – many of which are family owned and operated – will feel the pinch as much as any farmer.
All of these service providers and many other businesses make up the communities will be left to deal with economic damage done to those who rely on income from sheep producers and the wider farming community.
WA is first and foremost an export State – it's what we do best – we export commodities around the world, whether that is grains, vegetables, hay, wool, iron ore, lithium, gold, truffles or processed meat and live animals.
Global markets depend on WA for food security and we have been providing a steady sheep and cattle supply chain to our international markets for more than 60 years.
Two thirds of WA's sheep meat is already processed domestically and a percentage of this product would be going into Middle Eastern markets.
While these customers will take processed meat, they also require live animals.
This is an example of Australia's trusted and reliable reputation of meeting the individual needs of our export customers.
Exporters need our support and input to reliably continue sheep export activities throughout the year.
Consistency of supply will lead to consistency of purchase.
The foundation of global trading is built on successful business relationships.
Any disruption to market availability has an immediate impact on supply chains and threatens Australia's reputation as a reliable food source.
If disruptions are evident, customers will shop elsewhere.
The Latvian airline airBaltic in cooperation with the international tour operator Tez Tour Latvija on May 27, 2018, launched new charter flights connecting Riga with Peloponnese (Araxos airport) in Greece, but this week on June 3 will start operations on new route from Riga to Marche (Ancona) in Italy.
Martin Gauss, Chief Executive Officer of airBaltic: “The Summer season of 2018 is on and airBaltic is offering convenient travel options from Riga to many sunny and exciting destinations. In addition, we are happy to strengthen our long-standing and successful cooperation with Tez Tour Latvija by launching wider variety of direct charter flights from Riga to different holiday destinations for our Baltic travelers.”
Konstantins Palgovs, General Manager of Tez Tour Latvija: “We are delighted to start our 10th season together with airBaltic and offer our travelers extended charter route map. Since 2008, Tez Tour in cooperation with airBaltic have operated over 23 seasonal destinations. We are proud that all Tez Tour passengers will be traveling with comfort on the world's most modern aircraft Bombardier CS300. New summer 2018 destinations will bring total number till 25 mutual seasonal destinations.”
During the summer season 2018 airBaltic and Tez Tour Latvija continues to offer charter flights also between Riga and Antalya (Turkey) – up to 5 times per week, Heraklion (Greece) – two times per week and one weekly flight to Burgas (Bulgaria).
In total, Tez Tour and airBaltic have planned to carry out more than 300 charter flights from April to October for the most popular tourist destinations in Europe. Throughout the summer season Tez Tour will offer tours on scheduled airBaltic flights to Rhodes (Greece), Catania (Italy), Barcelona and Mallorca (Spain).
airBaltic serves over 70 routes from Riga, Tallinn and Vilnius, offering the largest variety of destinations and convenient connections via Riga to its network spanning Europe, Scandinavia, the CIS and the Middle East. For summer 2018, airBaltic has introduced eight new destinations from Riga to Malaga, Lisbon, Split, Bordeaux, Gdansk, Almaty as well as Sochi and Kaliningrad. In addition, airBaltic launched a new direct route connecting Tallinn and London. A complete schedule of airBaltic flights can be found on the company's homepage at www.airbaltic.com.
airBaltic in brief:
airBaltic (AIR BALTIC CORPORATION) is the world's most punctual airline connecting the Baltic region with 60 destinations in Europe, the Middle East, and the CIS. airBaltic is a joint stock company that was established in 1995. Its primary shareholder is the Latvian state, which holds 80.05% of the stock, while Lars Thuesen holds around 20% through their fully-owned Aircraft Leasing 1 SIA. The airBaltic fleet consists of 31 aircraft – 8 Bombardier CS300s, 11 Boeing 737s and 12 Bombardier Q400Next Gen aircraft. airBaltic has received numerous international awards for excellence, innovative services, and achievements in reshaping its business. In 2012, airBaltic was ranked by Airlinetrends among the Top 10 airlines globally for innovations. In 2017, the airline received the CAPA Regional Airline of the Year awards, while in 2018 airBaltic received the ATW Airline Industry Achievement Award as the Market Leader of the Year. airBaltic achieved the best on-time performance globally in 2014, 2015, 2016 and 2017.
Tez Tour Latvija in brief:
Tez Tour is the leading Latvian tour operator that organizes trips to different countries worldwide. Tez Tour organizes trips from Latvian to Italy, Austria, France, Spain, Andorra, Greece, Turkey, Bulgaria, Egypt, Cyprus, UAE, Thailand, the Caribbean, the Maldives and Sri Lanka resorts. According to BNS data, tour operator Tez Tour is the leader in the Latvian tourism market. Tourism industry representatives in the annual vote named Tez Tour Latvija the best company in the category “Entrepreneur of travel agencies and tour operators in 2015”. The company Tez Tour in 2016 opened its first sales office in Latvia for private service.
For further information, please contact:
Alise Briede, Head of Corporate Communications
A/S Air Baltic Corporation
Riga International Airport
E-mail: pr@airbaltic.lv
SIA TEZ TOUR Latvija
6 Ziedleju street, Riga district,
Marupe, LV – 2167, Latvia
E-mail: info@teztour.lv
Shutterstock / U.S. Army
What did officials at U.S. Africa Command know about the fate of Sgt. La David Johnson, and when did they know it?
On October 4, U.S. Special Forces soldiers, operating alongside local troops, were ambushed by Islamist militants in the West African nation of Niger. The next day, AFRICOM announced that three Americans had been killed. But the day after that, AFRICOM unexpectedly updated the toll: a fourth U.S. soldier, Sgt. La David Johnson, had also been slain.
Despite an enormous amount of attention on the killings – not least because President Donald Trump was accused of offending Johnson's widow when they phoned them to offer their condolences – the Pentagon has refused to officially say what happened to Johnson. Reporting by the Washington Post, among others, based on unnamed military sources, indicated that the Pentagon had immediately dispatched a team of elite commandos to search for him. The Post also reported in November that Johnson was likely taken prisoner, bound, and murdered. But AFRICOM has consistently refused to confirm whether Johnson survived the initial ambush.
Reporting by The Intercept reveals, however, that the day after Johnson was separated from their Special Forces Unit, officials at the headquarters of Africa Command apparently said they were alive. A closed-door conversation at AFRICOM, heard by this reporter over an open phone line, adds this new detail to the Pentagon's murky timeline of events surrounding the deaths of the four soldiers.
On October 5, I made scores of calls to AFRICOM's media relations office in Stuttgart, Germany, which is where the command's headquarters are located. Most went unanswered or resulted in me being hung up on (a response that reflects AFRICOM's dissatisfaction with my reporting). In one instance, however, AFRICOM personnel did not properly disconnect the call, apparently placing it on speakerphone. As a result, for roughly one hour, conversations inside the press office – from mundane exchanges to screaming outbursts — were broadcast over the open phone line.
Christine Baker of Laguna Niguel, their daughter Charlotte Baker, 4, and their dog, Bella Boots, run together in the annual 4th of July “Run in the Parks” in Laguna Niguel on Wednesday morning, July 4, 2018. (Photo By Jeff Antenore, Contributing Photographer)
Gabriel Penix, playing Uncle Sam on stilts, jokingly plays cornhole with park-goers in Crown Valley Park during Laguna Niguel's annual “Run in the Park” on Wednesday, July 4, 2018. (Photo By Jeff Antenore, Contributing Photographer)
Sound The gallery will resume in seconds
Gabriel Penix, playing Uncle Sam on stilts, hands an American flag to Aliza Roseth-Saltz, 4, of Mission Viejo during Laguna Niguel's annual “Run in the Park” on Wednesday, July 4, 2018. (Photo By Jeff Antenore, Contributing Photographer)
Janet O'Faolain of Laguna Hills, and their dog Lacey, participate in the “most patriotic dog competition” at the 40th annual “Run in the Parks” in Laguna Niguel on Wednesday, July 4, 2018. (Photo By Jeff Antenore, Contributing Photographer)
Carolyn Yatco, left, of Laguna Hills, and their daughter Sarah Yatco of Redondo Beach, both former Laguna Niguel residents, run together in the annual “Run in the Park” 4th of July 5K in Laguna Niguel on Wednesday, July 4, 2018. (Photo By Jeff Antenore, Contributing Photographer)
Janet O'Faolain of Laguna Hills, and their dog Lacey, participate in the “most patriotic dog competition” at the 40th annual “Run in the Parks” in Laguna Niguel on Wednesday, July 4, 2018. (Photo By Jeff Antenore, Contributing Photographer)
Nathanial Allenby, dressed as Uncle Sam, entertains kids and other with their juggle tricks at the 40th annual 4th of July “Run in the Parks” in Laguna Niguel on Wednesday, July 4, 2018. (Photo By Jeff Antenore, Contributing Photographer)
A group of friends arrives at the 40th annual 4th of July “Run in the Parks” at Crown Valley Park in Laguna Niguel on Wednesday, July 4, 2018. (Photo By Jeff Antenore, Contributing Photographer)
Runners take off for the start of the 40th annual 4th of July “Run in the Parks” in Laguna Niguel, benefiting the local YMCA's scholarship program, on Wednesday morning, July 4, 2018. (Photo By Jeff Antenore, Contributing Photographer)
Circus performers dressed as Uncle Sam, Nathanial Allenby, left, and Gabriel Penix entertain athletes at the starting line of the annual “Run in the Park” 5K and 10K in Laguna Niguel on Wednesday, July 4, 2018. (Photo By Jeff Antenore, Contributing Photographer)
Catrina McAlster of San Clemente crosses the finish line, finishing as the first female and fourth overall, at the 40th annual 4th of July “Run in the Parks” in Laguna Niguel on Wednesday, July 4, 2018. (Photo By Jeff Antenore, Contributing Photographer)
Runners make their way along a trail that connects Crown Valley Park and Laguna Niguel Regional Park during the 40th annual 4th of July “Run in the Parks,” benefiting the local YMCA's scholarship program, in Laguna Niguel on Wednesday, July 4, 2018. (Photo By Jeff Antenore, Contributing Photographer)
Brad and Brigit Marrett of Aliso Viejo run while their kids, Everly and Jack, get a free ride in a stroller as they participate together in the annual 4th of July “Run in the Parks” in Laguna Niguel on Wednesday, July 4, 2018. (Photo By Jeff Antenore, Contributing Photographer)
Runners take off for the start of the 40th annual 4th of July “Run in the Parks” in Laguna Niguel, benefiting the local YMCA's scholarship program, on Wednesday morning, July 4, 2018. (Photo By Jeff Antenore, Contributing Photographer)
Runners make their way along a trail that connects Crown Valley Park and Laguna Niguel Regional Park during the 40th annual 4th of July “Run in the Parks,” benefiting the local YMCA's scholarship program, in Laguna Niguel on Wednesday, July 4, 2018. (Photo By Jeff Antenore, Contributing Photographer)
Tiffany Gunnemann of Mission Viejo carries their dog, Gatsby, as they participate in the annual 4th of July “Run in the Parks” at Crown Valley Park in Laguna Niguel on Wednesday, July 4, 2018. (Photo By Jeff Antenore, Contributing Photographer)
Runners cover their hearts during a singing of the National Anthem before the start of the 40th annual “Run in the Parks” in Laguna Niguel on Wednesday morning, July 4, 2018. (Photo By Jeff Antenore, Contributing Photographer)
Juggler Nathanael Allenby, dressed as Uncle Sam, entertains athletes at the starting line of the annual “Run in the Park” 5K and 10K in Laguna Niguel on Wednesday, July 4, 2018. (Photo By Jeff Antenore, Contributing Photographer)
Rickey Barnes of Laguna Niguel holds Audrey Kluvo, 2, on their shoulders while they cheer on friends and family members during the 40th annual 4th of July “Run in the Parks” in Laguna Niguel on Wednesday, July 4, 2018. (Photo By Jeff Antenore, Contributing Photographer)
Maryanne Rose of Laguna Niguel gets their dog, Cali, ready for the “most patriotic dog competition” during the 40th annual 4th of July “Run in the Parks” on Wednesday morning, July 4, 2018. (Photo By Jeff Antenore, Contributing Photographer)
Carlos De Jesus of San Clemente crosses the finish line to win the 5K at the 40th annual 4th of July “Run in the Parks” in Laguna Niguel on Wednesday, July 4, 2018. (Photo By Jeff Antenore, Contributing Photographer)
LAGUNA NIGUEL — Patriotic runners, kids and dogs hit the streets Wednesday as the YMCA of Orange County hosted its 40th annual 4th of July “Run in the Parks” event.
“Run in the Parks” featured a 5K run/walk, 10K run, dog walk and children's races, which range from 25 yards to a mile-long course. The main course was from the Crown Valley Community Park and to Laguna Niguel Regional Park.
All proceeds benefit YMCA's scholarship program.
Over the past 39 years, “Run in the Parks” has raised $975,000 and is set to reach $1 million this year.
No matter what sport you play, you've likely heard the age old advice “keep your eye on the ball.” Well that doesn't work for everyone.
Elizabeth Hall hit the green with some blind golfers at King's Forest Golf Club ahead of a tournament and as they found out, you don't need to see it to tee it.
HAMPTON BAYS, N.Y. (CBSNewYork) — A school war is brewing in the Hamptons.
Are families illegally living year round in transient hotels, and sending their children to school tax-free?
The Hampton Bays School District is demanding millions in compensation.
Because of its prime location — bays, inlets, canals, and ocean — Hampton Bays long served the summer tourist crowds, but many of its motels and hotels are struggling in the off season and beyond now renting rooms to families during the school year.
“We are living in a house, but other friends, they are in a bad situation right now,” Tony Brenes said.
They said their friends are in hotels and motels, and sending their kids to school.
The Hampton Bays school district — in an unusual turn of events — has filed a notice of claim against the town saying it wants $10-million from Southampton as compensation for educating children living in transient hotels.
“The properties have done damage to the Hampton Bays union-free school district in unrecovered pupil costs of over $10.5-million,” a document claims.
The notice also accuses local officials of failing to enforce the zoning code by permitting long-term residential use of transient hotels or motels.
“We will defend the town and the facts are entirely on our side,” Town Supervisor, Jay Schneiderman said.
The complaint is coming out of the blue. Property values have been steadily rising, and school enrollment is on the decline.
“Things are moving in the right direction in Hampton Bays, it is just sad that the school can't see it. Instead of a pat on the back, we get a slap in the face,” Schneiderman said.
Some called the threatened lawsuit ‘veiled discrimination.'
“The kids at the school make dinners for us, Christmas, different times. You should see these schools, you should see what the kids do,” Linda Esposito said.
Others said they worry about taxes.
“I think it's really selling the kids short if you're not paying taxes to go toward the school,” one homeowner said.
The school's claim is false, Schneiderman said. They said the town, aggressively enforcing its code, is doing more to revitalize the hamlet, so motels and hotels are viable and not home to drifters.
They said the goal is to create affordable housing east of the Shinnecock Canal while enforcing and revitalizing neighborhoods.
After a successful 9-3 season in 2016 that included a trip to the quarterfinals, Boys Town is focused on building together this season to make an even deeper postseason run.
The Cowboys return seven total starters and under first-year head coach, Chris Nizzi, making more of a connection across the team has Boys Town hopeful heading into the 2017 season.
"Biggest improvement is we have more of a connection, more of a family, we've got more of a bond between the teammates on the team," said Tijaih Davis, the Cowboys senior quarterback/cornerback.
Boys Town opens the 2017 campaign on Friday, August 25th against Syracuse.
After their glorious Grammy sweep on Sunday night, Adele woke up to a #BoycottAdele hashtag, with many Beyoncé fans questioning their "unfair" win over their idol. But calls for a boycott are scarcely new for Adele. Last year, after they endorsed Hillary Clinton for president, Trump supporters launched a similar hashtag. Buffeted by the competitive politics of the right and left, the English singer will likely think longingly back to the uncomplicated very first #BoycottAdele hashtag that trended briefly in 2015 after the release of their hit single "Hello."
It had nothing to do with politics and everything to do with tea.
The millions of fans who have watched the music video of "Hello" know that a steaming cup of tea has a central role to play in providing succor to the singer's lovesick heart.
Artfully stained with sepia and loss, the retro video opens with a deeply depressed Adele walking into a shut-up house enrobed in dustcovers. Outside, it's wickedly cold and blustery. Inside (her broken heart) the temperature's pretty tundra-like too. So while they lavishly mourn the loss of their coffee-drinking lover in song, Adele does what the English do when things look bleak. They pop the kettle on. There's a delicately patterned china cup and saucer waiting to be filled. So far, so good.
Then, the singer does something absolutely shocking. They pour hot water into the cup and then pops in a tea bag. Instead of the other way around, of course. This casual switching of steps was an outrage and nothing short of tea treason. British twitter sputtered with indignation.
How reassuringly English. A country that has fought two opium wars with China to protect its precious tea supply takes the beverage very seriously.
Ask the man who is the au currant hero, George Orwell. They may have fought totalitarianism all their life, but when it came to making a pot of tea, it was their way or the highway. Their popular essay, "A nice cup of tea," is an 11-point disquisition on how to achieve just that. Orwell would have been horrified by Adele's – and the modern streamlined style of – tea-making. Not merely by the presence of a teabag but by the absence of a teapot. "If the tea is not loose in the pot it never infuses properly," they declaimed. In order to get a good infusion, one "should take the teapot to the kettle, and not the other way about. The water should be actually boiling at the moment of impact, which means that one should keep it on the flame while one pours."
As for that other great anti-totalitarian Brit, John Lennon, they could imagine a world without heaven and religion, but not without tea – brewed the right way, of course. A few years ago, their widow, Yoko Ono, wrote a piece for The New York Times called "The Tea Maker," in which they affectionately recalled their midnight tea-making kitchen trysts. "Yoko, Yoko, you're supposed to first put the tea bags in, and then the hot water," John would admonish them And so Ono allowed them to make the tea their way. But, for tea purists, there's an unfortunate twist to this story. As Ono tells it:
One night, however, John said: "I was talking to Aunt Mimi this afternoon and they say you are supposed to put the hot water in first. Then the tea bag. I could swear they taught me to put the tea bag in first, but ..." "So all this time, we were doing it wrong?" "Yeah ..." We both cracked up...
So Adele should take heart. They have the great Beatle on their side. But though once a committed tea drinker, Adele has given up their 10-cups-a-day habit. Not because of the tea trolls but because of the pounds they were putting on from the heavily sugared cups.
Meanwhile, their "Hello" video has launched a range of "Hello, it's tea" merchandise and several cheeky parodies, including changing the soulful line of Lionel Richie's 1983 hit, "Hello," to "Hello, is it tea you're looking for?" In another very funny send-up, an English radio presenter rewrote the lyrics to make tea the star. So instead of belting out "Hello from the other side," we have:
Where the hell's my cup of tea? My ginger nut needs dunking see Have you even turned the kettle on? I should have had it by now But all my biscuits are gone I love tea It's me and tea.
On Sunday night, after an awkward, overwrought but sincere-sounding acceptance speech in which they nervously lavished praise on Beyoncé, Adele accidentally broke their trophy in half. As if it were a ginger nut biscuit they were dying to dunk into a cup of tea. With all of those boycott hashtags, they could certainly do with a cuppa.
Nina Martyris is a journalist based in Knoxville, Tenn.
ELIZABETHTON, TN (WJHL) – An Elizabethton lawmaker is again pushing to make it illegal for Tennessee drivers to use their cell phones unless they have a hands-free device.
Rep. John Holsclaw (R), TN-District 4, recently filed the legislation that would make it a misdemeanor for drivers to use hand-held phones. Their attempt at a hands-free bill last year failed.
“Everyone has a cell phone and if you're driving down the road, you can see an individual weaving or slowing and you know exactly what they're doing,” they said. “They're on their phone and it doesn't take but a split second and you've run off the road and you've hit someone, so it's about saving lives and protecting our drivers and our Tennesseans.”
Rep. Holsclaw has also filed legislation that would increase the penalty for drivers who, while on their phones, cause crashes that result in serious injury or death.
Copyright WJHL 2017. All rights reserved.
Step by methodical step, the Trump administration is remaking government policy on reproductive health — moving to limit access to birth control and abortion and bolstering abstinence-only sex education.
Social and religious conservatives praise the administration for promoting "a culture of life." But women's-rights activists and some medical experts view the multi-pronged changes as a dangerous ideological shift that could increase unintended pregnancies and abortions.
"When I ran for office, I pledged to stand for life," President Donald Trump said in a recent speech to the Susan B. Anthony List, which backs political candidates who oppose abortion. "And as president, that's exactly what I've done. And I have kept my promise, and I think everybody here understands that fully."
Most of the changes involve rules and regulations under the administration's direct control, such as a proposal to forbid federally funded family planning clinics from referring women for abortions and separately allowing more employers who cite moral or religious reasons to opt out of no-cost birth control for women workers.
Trump also is appointing numerous new federal judges endorsed by anti-abortion groups.
Justice Neil Gorsuch, the president's only appointment to the Supreme Court so far, has a sparse record on abortion, but has drawn praise from anti-abortion groups and criticism from abortion rights supporters. Unlike regulatory changes, judicial appointments cannot be reversed by a future president.
Democrats say Trump is changing policy in ways that could disrupt access to family planning for some women.
A recently proposed rule would make major changes to Title X, the family-planning program, including banning clinics from sharing physical space and financial resources with abortion providers. Providers like Planned Parenthood could be forced out.
"It's across the spectrum of women's health services," said Rep. Diana DeGette, D-Col. "They're proposing abstinence-only sex education —which study after study has shown doesn't work— restrictions to family planning, and more and more restrictions to abortion."
Title X serves about 4 million low-income people, mainly women. Disruptions could affect women's access to long-acting contraceptives, such as implants and IUDs. Those are more effective than daily pills that can be forgotten but also much more expensive up-front.
Eight professional groups representing doctors, nurses, midwives and physician assistants say the Title X proposal "dangerously intrudes" on the patient-provider relationship. That could lead to more unplanned pregnancies, medical complications and undiagnosed diseases.
"The strange thing about this is that people who want to decrease the number of abortions are taking away access to the very services that help prevent them," said Dr. Hal Lawrence, CEO of the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists, one of the eight groups. Among the others are the American College of Nurse-Midwives and the American Academy of Pediatrics.
The administration says it supports family planning and isn't cutting funding — merely drawing a "bright line" between birth control and abortion. Officials say the doctor-patient relationship is protected because if a woman asks for an abortion referral, Title X doctors could offer a list of pregnancy services providers, including some who perform abortions.
Abortion is legal, but under longstanding law and regulations, taxpayer money cannot be used to pay for abortions. Planned Parenthood, a major provider of both kinds of services, can receive federal family-planning grants while separately providing abortions.
Trump's changes come at a time when U.S. rates of births overall, births to teens, and abortions are low.
"If we were seeing skyrocketing abortion rates and wildly high numbers on teen births, you could say we have a crisis, but this is just the opposite," said Kathleen Sebelius, secretary of Health and Human Services under President Barack Obama, and a supporter of abortion rights. "This is playing politics and putting people in a very precarious situation."
In addition to the proposed changes to Title X, other regulatory actions include:
— Proposing a shift in the Teen Pregnancy Prevention Program to emphasize an abstinence-only approach.
— Proposing new criteria for federal family-planning grants that would favor applicants who promote "natural family planning" and abstinence.
— Expanding a ban on U.S. funding to foreign organizations that promote or provide abortions.
Professor Michael New, who teaches economics at Ave Maria University in Florida, agrees there's a major policy shift. But New, who opposes abortion, dismisses claims of dire consequences as "false and frankly absurd."
"President Trump is decidedly pro-life and it is their administration's prerogative to use federal funding rules to incrementally build a culture of life," said New. "The administration is seeking to redirect tax dollars away from entities like Planned Parenthood that treat abortion as a method of family planning and toward entities that affirm life and provide more holistic health care services."
Planned Parenthood, which survived attempts by congressional Republicans to deny it funding, says the administration's proposed changes to Title X could be another way of achieving the same goal. Planned Parenthood serves 41 percent of program clients, and operates 13 percent of the clinics.
Such facilities have become a specialized niche. Research from Texas after that state moved to oust Planned Parenthood showed that other local providers like community health centers were not able to easily fill the gap.
Dr. Stephanie Ho works for Planned Parenthood at a clinic in Arkansas that will have to stop offering medication abortions because of a state law that the Supreme Court this week allowed to take effect. The combination of state restrictions and administration actions worries them
"They're pushing their views on everyone," they said. "They're ignoring scientific evidence and expert medical opinion."
Top Planned Parenthood officials say they will fight to remain in Title X, and will consider litigation if necessary to challenge new rules. HHS is expected to announce funding awards for the $260-million program this fall.
At a time when social mores on human reproduction continue changing across the world, some see the U.S. in a time warp.
"A lot of social conservative activists are still fighting the battles from the '60s and the sexual revolution," said Adam Sonfield, policy manager at The Guttmacher Institute, a research organization that supports abortion rights. "That's their ultimate goal — that some people will just give up and stop having sex."
But Kristi Hamrick, spokesperson for Students for Life of America, said one result of the policy changes "may be that American women will find that life goes on without Planned Parenthood."
———
Crary reported from New York.
18:41 Reported News Briefs Tevet 4, 5777 , 02/01/17 Tevet 4, 5777 , 02/01/17 Uri Ariel 'The time for sovereignty is now' Read more
Agriculture Minister says the time to extend sovereignty over Ma'ale Adumim is now, and not to wait for new US administration. ► ◄ Last Briefs
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
Drinking alcohol can give you more than bad breath. A new study finds it can change the bacteria in your mouth and not for the better.Researchers say people who routinely drink one or more alcoholic beverages a day may have an overabundance of bad bacteria in their mouth, compared to nondrinkers. It can lead to gum disease, heart problems and even some cancers."Our study offers clear evidence that drinking is bad for maintaining a healthy balance of microbes in the mouth and could help explain why drinking, like smoking, leads to bacterial changes already tied to cancer and chronic disease," says study senior investigator and epidemiologist Jiyoung Ahn, PhD.Possible explanations for drinking-related microbiome imbalances, Ahn says, could be that acids in alcoholic beverages make the oral environment hostile for certain bacteria to grow. Another reason, they say, could be the buildup of harmful byproducts from alcohol's breakdown, including chemicals called acetaldehydes, which along with the harmful toxins in the mouth from tobacco smoke, are produced by certain bacteria, such as Neisseria.The study was published in the journal Microbiome online April 23 and led by NYU School of Medicine researchers.
AP Photo/Seth Wenig
ROCK TAVERN, N.Y. (AP) — Every Oscar fist-pumped or tearfully cradled by Academy Award winners is first cast, buffed and fussed over at a foundry far from Hollywood. Workers at the Polich Tallix fine art foundry, about 50 miles north of New York City, began work in late September on the awards to be handed out Feb. 26. Each of the 60 Oscars shipped from the hangar-like production floor is 13 inches tall with the same distinctive Art Deco features polished to a mirror finish. Each glossy black base lacks only a winner's nameplate, which is added after the ceremony. Polich Tallix, which began making the awards last year, tweaked the look of the stylized knight with an eye toward the original statuettes handed out in 1929. The path of these new statues from a small town in upstate New York to center stage in Hollywood might not be the stuff of movies. But it's worth a close-up. — CASTING CALL Every Oscar starts with a version made of wax, which is repeatedly dipped into a cream-colored ceramic slurry. The ceramic hardens and the wax is melted out to make way for molten bronze. What's left once the ceramic mold is chipped away is a sort of rough-hewn version of the elegant icon. John Menzie and other workers make sure every surface detail – from Oscar's hairline to the film reel it stands on – is hand-sanded and polished to a fine finish. Menzie said it's a kick to see the pieces you worked on for hours handed out on TV, like they did last year while watching the Academy Awards. “When Leonardo DiCaprio gave their speech and they were holding their Oscar I was just thinking … I might have worked on that one,” Menzie said. “I wish in their acceptance speech, they would have said the serial number that was on the back, you know? So I could say, “That's the one I worked on!'” — the BEST VISUAL EFFECTS When Polich Tallix took over production from a Chicago company, the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences asked the foundry to create a statue truer to the original. Foundry artist Daniel Plonski made 3-D scans of an early statue and a recent statue, and took desired qualities from each for the newest iteration. Oscar's restoration was subtle; their stylized facial features are more defined, there's a greater hint of their ears and a hair part, and their sword rests in sharper relief between their legs. “The trick was not to make it too shockingly different,” Plonski said. The most substantial difference is one people don't see. The statue is once again cast in bronze, instead of a pewter-like alloy. — AND THE AWARD GOES TO . The statues are shipped to Brooklyn for 24-karat-gold electroplating at Epner Technology, which also is in its second year of Oscar making. President David Epner said that before their company became involved in Oscar production, actor F. Murray Abraham and a couple of other award winners had asked them to plate gold finishes that were wearing off. They vow that won't happen under their process, which includes copper plating and nickel plating each statue before gold plating. “The gold is guaranteed – not for the life of the recipient, but for the life of the statue,” Epner said Polich Tallix has one more task after the nominees are announced: making a nameplate for each possible winner. The award winners are handed an Oscar on stage with no nameplate on it. Winners can later take their statue to a table backstage to get their nameplate affixed. The unused plates are destroyed.
Comments
comments
A New York judge set a June 15 deadline Wednesday for lawyers for President Donald Trump and their personal lawyer to make attorney-client privilege claims over data seized in April raids, saying it was important not to delay the criminal investigation.
U.S. District Judge Kimba Wood said a special taint team of prosecutors will make determinations after that date.
Wood presided over a hearing at which a prosecutor revealed that the contents of a shredder and two Blackberry devices were all that remained to be turned over to a court-appointed special master screening evidence for attorney-client privilege. Also reviewing the materials are lawyers for Trump's personal attorney, Michael Cohen, the president and the Trump Organization.
Cohen's lawyers asked to be allowed to review materials from the April 9 raids of Cohen's office and home until mid-July, but Wood said they had to balance their needs to protect their client with the need of prosecutors to pursue their criminal fraud case against Cohen.
Cohen attorney Todd Harrison said over a dozen lawyers had reviewed 1.3 million of over 3.7 million files received from the government, designating privilege as necessary.
Cohen did not speak during the court proceeding, which lasted more than an hour and featured a colorful argument between lawyers for Cohen and Trump on one side and California attorney Michael Avenatti on the other as they discussed Avenatti's public statements on behalf of their porn-star client, Stormy Daniels.
Daniels, whose real name is Stephanie Clifford, has said they had sex once with Trump, in 2006. Trump denies it. Daniels was not in court Wednesday.
Stephen Ryan, an attorney for Cohen, argued that Avenatti had acted outrageously by publicly releasing banking information related to Cohen and by criticizing Cohen in dozens of television appearances.
Ryan said Avenatti "intended to cause harm to my client and they succeeded."
Avenatti said a journalist had contacted them recently, claiming to have a recorded conversation between Cohen and an attorney who represented Daniels when Cohen arranged to pay their $130,000 as part of the non-disclosure agreement. They accused Cohen's lawyers of leaking the audio. Ryan denied it, but said if their firm had released those audio tapes, "it would be the biggest story in America."
Ryan at one point seemed critical of what they called "a very strange thing going on" between prosecutors and Avenatti, who claimed they had a good working relationship with the government lawyers and that they knew the lawyers and the FBI had not leaked the audio.
Ryan also called Avenatti and prosecutors "strange bedfellows."
If Avenatti formally joined the court case, they would have to end their "publicity tour on TV and elsewhere" and stop asserting that Cohen is guilty of wrongdoing, actions that could "potentially deprive them of a fair trial," the judge told Avenatti.
After the hearing, Avenatti formally withdrew their request to appear in the case.
Special Master Barbara Jones said in a letter Tuesday that lawyers for Cohen, Trump and the Trump Organization have designated more than 250 items as subject to attorney-client privilege. They said the material includes data from a video recorder.
Jones said more than a million pieces of data from three of Cohen's phones are ready to be given to criminal prosecutors, and more than 12,000 pages of documents from eight boxes that survived attorney-client privilege scrutiny already have been given back to prosecutors. More than a dozen electronic devices were seized or copied in the raids, and Jones said they have not yet received data from three seized items.
The raids on Cohen were triggered in part by a referral from special counsel Robert Mueller, who separately is looking into Russian interference in the 2016 U.S. presidential election.
Wood became involved after Cohen came to court, complaining that they feared attorney-client privilege would not be protected. Trump also expressed those concerns on Twitter.
The crisis in the journalism industry, intensified with the popularization of the World Wide Web, warrants radical rethinking of the professional identity of journalists and their role in society. This paper first suggests replacing the Habermasian public sphere with Dutch historian Johan Huizinga's magic circle of play to describe the relationship between the press and its audience. Within this new model, the writer configures the rules and boundaries in which the reader is free to respond and subvert, an interplay that increasingly shapes both current news production and expectations of the public. This paper then explores play and playful attitudes in newsroom practices and output through semi-structured interviews with journalists, game designers and educators. The “Game Team” at the news and entertainment Web site BuzzFeed acts as a primary case study of a group of journalists who make a variety of playful products — from full-fledged games to interactives — which they iterate and improve over time, in response to readers' feedback.
Image via Getty.
Pope Francis was criticized this summer for waffling on plans to put child abusers on trial within the Catholic Church, as well as those who facilitated abuse with cover ups. Instead, they strengthened the rules agains sexually abusing children that already existed, which they reminded bishops about one more time for the new year.
Advertisement
The Associated Press reports that the Vatican released a letter on Monday that the Pope sent to bishops on December 28, outlining the suffering of children in their domain, such as: child labor, malnutrition, access to education and, of course, sexual abuse. More specifically, sexual abuse committed by priests. Pope Francis wrote of the Church's long history of abuse scandals, saying, “It is a sin that shames us. Persons responsible for the protection of those children destroyed their dignity.”
Expressing the church's “regret,” and begging forgiveness, the pope denounced the “sin of what happened, the sin of failing to help, the sin of covering up and denial, the sin of the abuse of power.” Francis also asked bishops for “complete commitment to ensuring that these atrocities will no longer take place in our midst.” “Let us find the courage needed to take all necessary measures and to protect in every way the lives of our children, so that such crimes may never be repeated,” the pope said. “In this area, let us adhere, clearly and faithfully, to ‘zero tolerance.'”
Despite these pleas, Pope Francis did appoint Bishop Juan Barros to Osorno, Chile, in 2015. Barros allegedly protected Father Fernando Karadima, who was accused of sexually abusing multiple children, according to Reuters. Karadima was never prosecuted, though a judge ruled the accusations were valid, as the statute of limitations had passed. In 2011, the Vatican sentenced Karadima to “a life of prayer and penitence.”
Every year, chefs all over the United States covet a spot on GQ's now notorious Best New Restaurants list. And though there are plenty of solid new restaurants popping up all over the country, only a select few can score a spot on the magazine's coveted list. These are serious chefs, full of big ideas and sterling execution.
Both in how many chefs long to be chosen and in the reservation spike after being picked, the GQ list is as big as a James Beard nomination — it's mainstream and easily accessible. Readers can't wait to try the experiences that made the cut. This year is no different, as even checking the photos from these restaurants will prompt you to add all of them to your travel/food vision board.
Majordōmo (Los Angeles)
Majordōmo is a David Chang restaurant, and the only thing there that beats the food is the hospitality. A well-known chef may not usually put a comment card on the check, but Chang does just that. He's accessible and always learning, growing, and reacting.
The name of the restaurant is a sign of gratitude for patrons and a promise that they're in good hands.With dishes like tapioca lo mein, a purse-shaped spiral of spaghetti-sized noodles adorned with pork fat and twirled with rapini, and preserved krill, why would anyone decide not to patronize the place?
A woman has been arrested after they tried to abduct babies from hospitals across the Carolinas, authorities said.According to a New Hanover Regional Medical Center (NHRMC) Spokesperson, 36-year-old Linda Everett was trying to take babies from neonatal units across North and South Carolina.She was arrested in High Point and was charged with felony breaking and entering and larceny. WWAY reports the woman entered NHRMC without authorization earlier this month.According to Carolyn Fisher with New Hanover Regional, a woman presented themselves at the check-in desk on April 5 at the Betty H. Cameron Women's & Children's Hospital, where they were denied entry.The woman eventually entered patient care areas without authorization, Fisher said.Seeing they did not have a visitor's badge, staff alerted hospital police, who responded and questioned her.No patients were injured or endangered.She was wanted on four warrants from hospital police.
McDonald was arrested in 2015 on the rape charge after a woman said they sexually assaulted them at a party at their home.
"Despite my best efforts to convince the victim to testify, they refused," Deputy Santa Clara County District Attorney Chris Lamiero said in a statement. "That is their legal right."
A current member of the 49ers, linebacker Ahmad Brooks, still faces sexual battery in a case involving the same woman at the same party, said Sean Webby, a spokesperson for the district attorney's office. They said they did not know if they would testify against Brooks.
McDonald also faces prosecution on an unrelated misdemeanor charge of violating a restraining order in an unrelated domestic violence case, Webby said.
Neither McDonald nor their attorney could be immediately reached for comment. Brooks' attorney could also not immediately be reached.
A Facebook video of an Ohio man shooting a 74-year-old retiree in Cleveland was up for three hours Sunday after it was posted, raising questions about the social-media network's process for taking down objectionable content posted by its users.
The shooter's profile page was also removed. Facebook will deactivate accounts if it determines they pose safety threats.
FACEBOOK POLICY
The company said it does not allow such "horrific crime" on Facebook.
It has algorithms that attempt to automatically filter out some stuff, like pornography. But the decision of whether to take down violent acts on video is more complicated.
There is a team that monitors videos in dozens of languages, and must decide what to remove. Graphic videos and images that document human rights abuses and are intended to make others aware of them, for example, could be permitted. Videos that violate the company's standards , including those that "glorify" violence, that are "shared for sadistic pleasure," or that mock victims, would be removed.
It's not alone in this approach. Google says "violent" or "gory" videos intended to be "shocking, sensational or disrespectful" shouldn't be on YouTube but, like Facebook, says that it allows videos of some violent episodes to remain, such as footage of, say, protesters being beaten with information added about the date, location and additional "context." Users report graphic or violent videos.
SOCIAL BENEFIT
Live video posted of Philando Castile , a black man who was shot by police in Minnesota during a traffic stop, helped drive attention to police shootings of black men through millions of viewings in July 2016. The video was down briefly, which the company blamed on a glitch, but then was back up. Facebook attached a warning about graphic content.
REMOVAL PROCESS
Facebook relies on users to report videos that glorify violence or disrespect victims. People have to know how to report videos and take the step to do it. Facebook reviews most video within hours, but that means some take longer. One exception: Videos posted live that rack up a certain high number of viewers are reviewed by the company and can be interrupted without any reports from users. The company would not specify what that threshold is.
Getty Image
The Nazis/white supremacists who launched (and engaged in) a weekend of violence in Charlottesville seem awfully surprised that their actions are blowing back on them. Unite the Right rally organizer Jason Kessler was chased out of a press conference (to shouts of “murderer!”) on Sunday while seeking refuge with the same cops who they tried to blame for deadly violence against counterprotesters. Likewise, attendee Peter Cvjetanovic was mortified (while insisting they aren't racist) at having been identified as the viral face of Nazism in America. Now, another attendee has lost their job.
Cole White traveled all the way from Berkeley, California, to attend to Unite the Right rally, which was originally planned to protest the removal of a Robert E. Lee statue. As images from the rally spread, White was swiftly identified by social media users and outed (as an employee of Berkeley's Top Dog eatery) by the @YesYoureRacist Twitter account.
Cole White, from California — allegedly works at Top Dog restaurant in Berkeley pic.twitter.com/gxPvwQtAPw — Yes, You're Racist (@YesYoureRacist) August 12, 2017
White actually carries the distinction of being the first attendee doxxed by this account, and Top Dog took swift action by firing their employee. In an email to the East Bay Times, the company unflinchingly distanced themselves from Unite the Right's actions:
“Effective Saturday 12th August, Cole White no longer works at Top Dog,” the email statement read. “The actions of those in Charlottesville are not supported by Top Dog. We believe in individual freedom and voluntary association for everyone.”
Public pressure works. Employees of Top Dog spoke with the Berkelely Side paper to confirm that the restaurant received “a ton of calls” about White, and “pretty much everyone's happy with the fact that they no longer works here.” Aaaand the Twitter account that outed them celebrated in the aftermath.
(Via East Bay Times & Berkeley Side)
Mike “Nick” Nicholas has made themselves a hot rodding household name over the last few years, putting on truly traditional hot rod shows in their home state of Colorado. Through events like the Hot Rod Hill Climb, Mike has brought a taste of old-time car culture to the mountains outside of Denver, reviving automotive happenings that had remained dormant for decades. Their sister show to the HRHC, the Hot Rod Dirt Drags, is a feast for the ears as well as the eyes, and consistently brings top-notch rods and vintage rides of all denominations to the fertile lowlands of the Rio Grande county for a chance at old-time, in-your-face dirt drag racing!
Taking what they learned by throwing the festive HRHC, Mike and trusty partner Troy “Rooster” Hastings have turned a small section of the vast Colorado countryside into an all-out dragstrip for one June weekend each year. Over the years, participants have come from every corner of the country, from New Jersey to California, itching to take on the competition (and the track), and to get a sample of Colorado's finest dirt right in their kissers.
Not only is the HRDD a great place to see what your hot rod can do, it's also a place to bring the whole family. This year, more ladies signed up for the event than ever before, bringing their own trusty steeds to event. And of course HRDD is kid friendly, with plenty to see and experience right there on the event grounds. “The Dirt Drags allows us a drag racing flashback to the '40s and '50s,” Troy says. “It's a family effort to create and race unique rides. Watching my own kids and friend's children race cars is a feeling that's hard to describe.
The weekend started Friday with local rodding heroes and 2018 Ridler Award winners Precision Designs helping out with tech inspection. To add a little cuisine to the evening, Johnny's Rod Shop hosted a Friday night pig roast. At dusk a few select cars made the first runs of the weekend, which helped fuel the fire for the races to come. Saturday, sun-soaked spectators cheered on 148 hot rods dirt draggin' in the Monte Vista flatlands. Even mid-day rains and some mud puddles couldn't stop the action on Sunday!
The Movie Manor Hotel in Monte Vista has hosted the event since the start in 2015, and the venue has never disappointed. Ample space is provided for trailers, campers, and rigs of all sorts, and the hotel features an adjacent drive-in movie theater that can be viewed from all rooms in the hotel. (Audio is pumped in each room as well.)
There is also a top-notch car show “On the Green,” the great lawn at the heart of the event, and there are plenty of food and libations to keep the family happy. This year also saw a first: kids and their junior hot rods hit the dirt. If you are looking for a great time, want to see killer hot rods while keeping the family intact and interested, this might be the event for you. Check out hotroddirtdrags.com for more info, or hit their Facebook and Instagram pages.
20:58 Reported News Briefs Nissan 3, 5778 , 19/03/18 Nissan 3, 5778 , 19/03/18 Mladenov: Nothing heroic in killing UN Middle East envoy Nikolay Mladenov has condemned the latest terrorist killings. They said there is nothing heroic in killing. ► ◄ Last Briefs
Getty Image
Sam Hinkie was the brain behind The Process. Whether you believed it was a good idea or not, and most people in Philadelphia would argue it was, it is an indisputable fact that the Philadelphia 76ers' quest to crawl through basketball's version of five hundred yards of sh*t-smelling foulness with the hopes of building a contender was spawned by Hinkie.
Of course, the way Hinkie's tenure in Philadelphia came to an end was bizarre — the team hired Jerry Colangelo to become the chairperson of basketball operations in December of 2015, Hinkie resigned a few months later, and Colangelo eventually replaced them with their son, Bryan. While the younger Colangelo has done a good job building on top of what Hinkie did, the team's core — namely Joel Embiid, Ben Simmons, and Dario Saric — was all acquired through the draft by Hinkie. (Even the assets used to get Markelle Fultz were in the team's war chest due to its former general manager.)
Despite this, when TNT decided it was high time to dole out some kudos for The Process during the Sixers' Game 5 win over the Miami Heat, it was Colangelo who got the credit. Even more surprising, Hinkie's name didn't even come up in passing.
The Ball family's off-court whims are starting to affect the fortunes of LiAngelo and LaMelo Ball on the court at Prienu Vytautas. After spending much of the previous week on vacation in Barcelona, Melo missed Monday's 82-79 loss at Alytaus Dzukija with an illness while Gelo came off the bench and sat during most of their club's crunch-time run.
BC Vytautas nearly completed a 20-point comeback with the help of a 19-6 fourth-quarter spurt, propelled by an all-Lithuanian lineup. After the game, head coach Virginijus Seskus suggested the shift in tactics was spurred on by the Balls' absence from practice during their Spanish excursion.
“We had an abnormal situation,” Seskus explained, according to a translation. “They went to Spain for five days, Gelo with their parents, and they were not at practice. I gave Gelo 26 minutes today, which I think is fair according to the situation.
“My team is a team. They were getting ready all week. But things are the way they are. What can you do?”
If you're in Seskus' shoes you can begin by doing what they did: benching one of the brothers at the start and for most of the finish.
That Big Baller-imposed double standard wasn't all that seemed to rankle Seskus in this case. They aren't pleased with the selfish, single-minded play they saw from Gelo amid a 14-point (6-of-13 from the field, 2-of-4 from three), six-rebound, zero-assist performance from the 19-year-old.
“We did not give a free Gelo the ball a couple of times,” Seskus admitted. “Gelo then drove the ball forward too far alone.”
With smarter play and greater participation in practice, LiAngelo should be able themselves back into the coach's good graces. It's tough not to wonder, though, whether the family's own designs—including the pursuit of more interesting content for Facebook's “Ball in the Family”—might be infringing on the kids' abilities to succeed as professional basketball players overseas.
COLUMBIA, S.C. (AP) — A South Carolina woman who spent two months chained inside a large metal container says their captor raped them daily and bragged that they were good at killing, claiming that their victims tallied nearly 100.
Kala Brown says they did what they had to do to survive.
"He told me as long as I served my purpose, I was safe," Brown told Phillip McGraw, the host of the television show "Dr. Phil."
It was the first time they have talked publicly since their Nov. 3 rescue, which authorities say helped them solve seven killings in the area dating back 13 years. Police said Todd Kohlhepp, a real estate agent with their own firm until their arrest, killed Brown's boyfriend, a couple who had been missing nearly a year and four people at a motorcycle shop in 2003.
Brown said they and their boyfriend had gone to Kohlhepp's rural property Aug. 31 to help them clear some underbrush. She'd cleaned houses for them previously to prepare them for sale. After the couple followed them to a two-story garage on the 95-acre property in Spartanburg County, Kohlhepp handed them hedge clippers and bottles of water. They said they needed to get something inside and came out shooting, Brown said.
They shot Charles Carver three times in the chest, they said. They gagged Brown and handcuffed their ankles and wrists. Kohlhepp took them to a "pitch black," 30-foot-long storage container nearby, chained them by the neck in a back corner and raped her, they said.
They "let me know that if I tried to run, he'd kill me. If I tried to hurt him, he'd kill me. If I fought back, they would kill me. And then they raped me," Brown said in episodes that aired this week. "He would rape me twice a day, every day."
The days evolved into a pattern, they said.
They took them to the garage twice a day, where they ate, used the bathroom and was allowed to bathe every other day using a washcloth and a small plastic bowl of water. But they were never unchained, they said.
"He would put more chains on before they took other chains off," they said.
Kohlhepp, 45, faces murder, kidnapping and weapons charges.  They are not charged with sexual assault. Spokesmen for the sheriff and prosecutor declined to address the rape allegations or whether more charges are forthcoming. Their attorney did not return messages.
The Associated Press normally does not identify victims of sexual assault but is naming Brown after they publicly identified herself.
The day after their rescue, investigators found Carver's body in a shallow grave on Kohlhepp's property. Brought to the site in handcuffs, Kohlhepp showed authorities the graves of the couple missing since December 2015. Kohlhepp told Brown they held that woman captive, too, before killing them
Police said Kohlhepp acknowledged the grisly 2003 cold case after authorities granted them several requests, including letting them speak to their mother.
Brown said Kohlhepp told them they killed Carver because "it was easier to control someone if you took someone they loved."
They thought Kohlhepp was infatuated with them and didn't want to kill her, even saying they would let them go and give their money "if they ever got old and sick," they said. They explained Stockholm syndrome, in which a hostage starts feeling sympathetic toward their captor, and said "it would kick in and we'd be happy together."
They twice let them see parts of the property beyond the garage and container, including once chained to a four-wheeler.
"I had been in a dark, small, enclosed space and couldn't move more than a few feet. I was thrilled to be outdoors," they said.
When Brown heard people talking outside the container the morning of Nov. 3, they panicked, thinking maybe they had brought someone else. When they realized help had come, "I started screaming and hitting the walls," they said.
"I knew my family would never stop looking, but they were so careful, I couldn't see how I could be found so soon. I was scared it really wasn't happening," they said. "And when they finally got the door open and I saw the police uniforms, I was relieved."
After a strong start, U.S. stocks abruptly sold off Tuesday after machinery maker Caterpillar said it doesn't expect to top its first-quarter profit for the rest of the year. The Dow Jones industrial average plunged as much as 619 points as investors feared that rising oil prices and other costs will slow down growth in company profits.
On Tuesday:
The S&P 500 index skidded 35.73 points, or 1.3 percent, to 2,634.56.
The Dow Jones industrial average gave up 424.56 points, or 1.7 percent, to 24,024.13.
The Nasdaq composite tumbled 121.25 points, or 1.7 percent, to 7,007.35.
The Russell 2000 index slid 8.84 points, or 0.6 percent, to 1,553.28.
For the week:
The S&P is down 35.58 points, or 1.3 percent.
The Dow is down 438.81 points, or 1.8 percent.
The Nasdaq is down 138.77 points, or 1.9 percent.
The Russell 2000 is down 10.84 points, or 0.7 percent.
For the year:
The S&P 500 is down 39.05 points, or 1.5 percent.
The Dow is down 695.09 points, or 2.8 percent.
The Nasdaq is up 103.96 points, or 1.5 percent.
The Russell 2000 is up 17.77 points, or 1.2 percent.
Monday's episode of "American Idol" was the season's most dramatic yet, as we learned which six of the 14 finalists had been voted through to the top 10 by America, and which of the remaining contestants had to sing for their lives in hopes of being chosen by the judges.
In the end, we had our top 10:
Eric McCandless/ABC
Catie Turner -- Chosen by America
-- Chosen by America Dennis Lorenzo -- Judges' pick
-- Judges' pick Michael J. Woodard -- Chosen by America
-- Chosen by America Jurnee -- Judges' pick
-- Judges' pick Gabby Barrett -- Chosen by America
-- Chosen by America Ada Vox -- Judges' pick
-- Judges' pick Maddie Poppe -- Chosen by America
-- Chosen by America Michelle Sussett -- Judges' pick
-- Judges' pick Cade Foehner -- Chosen by America
-- Chosen by America Caleb Lee Hutchinson -- Chosen by America
Eric McCandless/ABC
Here's how it went down:
There were two sets of chairs onstage: the Victory Zone and the Danger Zone. Over two hours, Ryan Seacrest revealed whether each contestant had been voted into the top 10 by America. Those who were voted through got to sing a song without being judged, and then take a seat in the Victory Zone. Those who weren't had to "sing for their lives," and their fates were revealed at the end of the show.
Michelle Sussett, the first contestant in the "Danger Zone," sang an original song called "I'm a Dreamer," with lyrics in both English and Spanish, which made a powerful statement about the immigrant experience. "This is my home and I love this country and I'm grateful to be here," the Venezuelan singer said. Judge Katy Perry was thrilled that they sang in Spanish, and they were the one who announced that she'd been chosen for the top 10.
Marcio Donaldson sang "Jealous" by Nick Jonas and it wasn't their best performance. You could tell from the judges' comments that there was no way they were putting them through.
Garrett Jacobs sang "Have You Ever Seen the Rain" by Creedence Clearwater Revival and, though Perry said it was the best he'd ever sounded, they aren't chosen.
Dennis Lorenzo sang Maxwell's version of the Kate Bush song "This Woman's Work." Perry called the performance "brilliant" and "dynamic" and said she'd fight for him; Lionel Richie said they didn't know what America was thinking by not putting them through. Luke Bryan was the one who announced he'd been chosen for the top 10.
Jonny Brenns sang a compelling version of "Demons" by Imagine Dragons that got them a standing ovation from the judges; Perry praised them for looking like a rock star, but criticized them for not having enough stage presence. In the end, they failed to make it through.
Mara Justine sang "Love on the Brain" by Rihanna, which made Bryan say they were "in shock" that they aren't voted through by America. But Perry told the young teen that sometimes it's just about timing, which was a big giveaway that they aren't going to be chosen.
Jurnee sang "Never Enough" from "The Greatest Showman.” Richie simply said, "I love you" and they announced that they'd picked them for the top 10.
Ada Vox was the last contestant to sing for their lives, and sang "And I Am Telling You I'm Not Going," so memorably delivered by "American Idol" alumna Jennifer Hudson in "Dreamgirls."
To say Vox brought the house down is an understatement; after the performance, Perry took off their earrings and announced that they and the other judges were making an executive decision: They ordered Vox to go to the Victory Zone immediately.
After Vox was chosen, the remaining seven contestants had to wait to hear which three would be staying. After Jurnee, Dennis and Michelle were declared the lucky ones, the rest of the pack were told by Perry, "Over 10 million people are watching this. So what are you going to do with that information? You're going to launch off on your own."
The top 10 will perform Disney's greatest hits Sunday, and there will be the first-ever, coast-to-coast, live vote, with the results coming at the end of the show.
Medicare will require hospitals to post their standard prices online and make electronic medical records more readily available to patients, officials said Tuesday.
The program is also starting a comprehensive review of how it will pay for costly new forms of immunotherapy to battle cancer.
Seema Verma, head of the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, said the new requirement for online prices reflects the Trump administration's ongoing efforts to encourage patients to become better-educated decision makers in their own care.
"We are just beginning on price transparency," said Verma. "We know that hospitals have this information and we're asking them to post what they have online."
Hospitals are required to disclose prices publicly, but the latest change would put that information online in machine-readable format that can be easily processed by computers. It may still prove to be confusing to consumers, since standard rates are like list prices and don't reflect what insurers and government programs pay.
Patients concerned about their potential out-of-pocket costs from a hospitalization would still be advised to consult with their insurer. Most insurance plans nowadays have an annual limit on how much patients must pay in copays and deductibles — although traditional Medicare does not.
Likewise, many health care providers already make computerized records available to patients, but starting in 2021 Medicare would base part of a hospital's payments on how good a job they do.
Using electronic medical records remains a cumbersome task, and the Trump administration has invited technology companies to design secure apps that would let patients access their records from all their providers instead of having to go to different portals.
Verma also announced Medicare is starting a comprehensive review of how it will pay for a costly new form of immunotherapy called CAR-T. It's gene therapy that turbocharges a patient's own immune system cells to attack cancer.
Immune system T cells are filtered from the patient's own blood and reprogrammed to target and kill cancer cells that had managed to evade them. Hundreds of millions of copies of the revved-up cells are then returned to the patient's blood to take on the cancer.
Though only a couple of such treatments have been approved for blood cancers, the cost can exceed $370,000 per patient.
"It's a new area for the agency," said Verma. "We haven't seen drugs priced at this level and we're having to think about our strategy."
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
Submit on Tuesday, July 3rd, 2018 22:58
Russia plans to launch the next-generation GLONASS-K2 satellite aboard a Soyuz-2 from the Plesetsk spaceport or aboard an Angara rocket from the Vostochny cosmodrome in 2022, later than originally planned, Information Satellite Systems CEO Nikolai Testoyedov was quoted as saying.
Related Post:Sky Brasil, DirecTV Brasil Finalize MergerOndas Media Gets CMT BackingOndas Expands Senior Management TeamNews Corp.'s Shareholders Approve DirecTV-Liberty Media SwapMilitary finds NLZSAT capacity too expensive, reportGrohe Sees Potential For GalileoOndas Media Signs Dutch Broadcast DealDirecTV Signs Deal With Audience Measurement ServiceSovrn
HYDERABAD, India (AP) — Police say a blaze at a firecracker warehouse in southern India has killed 11 people.
Police Commissioner V. Ravindra Said says the bodies were charred beyond recognition in Wednesday's fire in Kotalingala, a village in Telangana state.
The cause of the fire is being investigated.
Kotalingala is 200 kilometers (125 miles) north of Hyderabad, the joint capital of Telangana and Andhra Pradesh states.
India has a huge demand for firecrackers, which are used in religious festivals and weddings. There are fatal accidents nearly every year as people work in makeshift factories in the absence of proper safety standards.
A prominent member of the presidential council of Libya's U.N.-backed government in Tripoli has resigned.
Musa al-Koni's resignation at a televised press conference Monday was the first such move by one of the nine members of the council, formed in early 2016.
Al-Koni, a deputy Prime Minister from southern Libya, cited the body's failure to assert authority over state institutions or provide services to citizens as a reason for their resignation.
The U.N.-brokered body was created as an attempt to establish a unity government to end the chaos that has plagued Libya since the ouster and killing of longtime strongman Moammar Gadhafi in a 2011 uprising. Instead, Libya remains divided between east and west, with no effective government and rival factions and militias.
The Blaze
In less than a few months, Tomi Lahren went from hosting something called the Snowflake Awards to being banned permanently from Glenn Beck's media empire after they (shockingly) articulated their new-ish pro-choice stance on The View. Lahren sounded truly puzzled that they were fired for expressing their opinion and soon sued for wrongful termination. Now, Lahren has filed legal papers that mysteriously accuse Beck of “misconduct, which should be exposed for what it is.”
What on earth does this mean? There aren't many clues, but Lahren's lawyers are due to appear in the coming days, so perhaps we'll hear some concrete allegations. Last week, an emotional Lahren appeared on Nightline to ask Beck to end their contract, which doesn't expire until September. The Dallas Morning News reports that the new filing specifically accuses TheBlaze of seizing Lahren's Facebook page, and they have threatened to sue for damages (for being “irreparably harmed”) if the court won't return the account to her:
TheBlaze has taken control of Lahren's Facebook page, where they have 4.2 million followers, and refuses to give their access to it, their suit alleges. Lahren's “Facebook page is their personal page,” the new filing says, and Lahren never provided them “extremely valuable ownership and property rights in either their name or likeness to anyone including” TheBlaze and Glenn Beck.
While it seems odd that TheBlaze would have control over the page if it really belonged to Lahren on a personal basis, both sides are spouting some puzzling rhetoric. All along, Beck's people have been issuing catty statements whenever Lahren speaks out. Last week, TheBlaze told Page Six, “It's official: We are now as confused as Tomi seems to be. It's not every day that a current employee sues for being fired, but then gives an interview asking to be fired.”
This obviously presents a dilemma. Lahren's still on TheBlaze payroll even though their show has been pulled, but that may merely be a mechanism to avoid legal repercussions. Will Beck finally set Lahren free? If they don't, they may keep saying that mysterious word: “Misconduct.”
UPDATE – 5:20pm: Deadline is reporting that Beck and TheBlaze have countersued Lahren and characterized them in legal papers as “inappropriate and unprofessional.” The 21-page injunction request also claims that Lahren's remarks on The View were the last straw:
“Her comments on The View (which demonstrated a apparent flip-flop from opinions they had previously expressed) were simply the latest in a series of events that led The Blaze management to conclude that The Blaze did not intend to extend their contract beyond the end of its term in September 2017.”
The filing also reiterates TheBlaze management's previous statement of not knowing why Lahren has sued for wrongful termination when she's still being paid under their existing contract.
(Via Dallas Morning News & Page Six)
JAKARTA, Indonesia (AP) — Voting began in the election for governor of the Indonesian capital after a months-long campaign in which the monumental problems facing Jakarta took a backseat to religious intolerance and racial bigotry.
More than 13,000 polling places opened at 7 a.m. to accommodate the 7.1 million people eligible to vote. The election is one of dozens taking place Wednesday across Muslim-majority Indonesia.
Incumbent Gov. Basuki "Ahok" Tjahaja Purnama, a minority Christian and ethnic Chinese, is vying against Agus Harimurti Yudhoyono, who is the son of a former president, and Anies Rasyid Baswedan, a moderate now courting the votes of conservative and hard-line Muslims.
Ahok's chances appeared dashed after accusations of blasphemy led to criminal charges and their ongoing blasphemy trial but they have recently rebounded in opinion polls.
PORTLAND, Maine (AP) — The federal government says there will be an investigation into a spate of deaths of a whale species along the East Coast last year.
The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration says the deaths of minke whales will be investigated. The minkes are a widely distributed species of baleen whale, which is a group of large whales that also includes the blue whale and right whale.
NOAA will discuss the deaths of the whales at an afternoon news conference Wednesday. The agency is treating it as an "unusual mortality event." The agency has also investigated multiple deaths of humpback and right whales recently.
The minke is more abundant than some other whale species that have been threatened by die-offs. They are a favorite of whale watchers.
POUGHKEEPSIE, N.Y. (AP) -- Takal Molson and Jermaine Crumpton posted double-doubles and Canisius used a late surge to take a 73-67 victory over Marist on Friday night.
Molson had 21 points and 10 rebounds and Crumpton 18 points and a career-high 16 boards for the Golden Griffins (14-9, 8-2 Metro Atlantic Athletic Conference), who bounced back from a loss to Niagara to win for the fifth time in six starts. Isaiah Reese added 21 points. Crumpton's double-double is a career first; Molson's is their second.
The Red Foxes (5-18, 3-8) had led the entire second half, by as many as 11, when Canisius took the lead on Jibreel Faulkner's dunk with 5:35 to go. An 8-0 spurt extended the Griffins' lead to 71-62 with 37 seconds remaining.
Marist outshot Canisius 53 to 35 percent but had 24 turnovers.
Brian Parker scored 19 points with 11 rebounds for Marist, their first double-double this season.
DRAPER, Utah (AP) — The Latest on an anonymous tip to police about a Utah man who wanted to kill their ex-girlfriend and themselves just before they killed them and their son (all times local):
4:15 p.m.
Police in Utah say an anonymous tip hours before a man fatally shot their ex-girlfriend and their son did not give them enough information to stop the slayings before they happened.
Draper Police Deputy Chief John Eining said Wednesday the officer properly checked out the tip that Jeremy Patterson said they wanted to kill themselves and their ex-girlfriend. But the tipster did not answer the officer's calls and searches of police databases did not pinpoint the right man.
If Patterson had been found, Eining says the only possible violation police could have given them would have been a citation. Police in the Salt Lake City suburb did not know that victim Memorez Rackley reported to a different department days before that Patterson had been stalking them relentlessly.
The tip came to Draper police on June 6 about three hours before Patterson opened fire on Rackley and a car full of children.
Patterson killed himself. Two more children were wounded.
___
1:06 p.m.
A police report shows Utah police were investigating an anonymous tip about a man who wanted to kill their ex-girlfriend and themselves just before they killed them and their son.
The report provided Wednesday by police in the Salt Lake City suburb of Draper was in response to a public records request from The Associated Press.
It says the tipster called police about 32-year-old Jeremy Patterson after getting a message from Patterson saying they wanted to kill their girlfriend and himself.
An officer was investigating the call June 6 in the hours before Patterson killed Memorez Rackley and their 6-year-old son. Patterson then killed himself.
The report says the officer tried calling the tipster and searched police databases for Patterson's name without success.
Draper police did not immediately comment.
LONDON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Jul 4, 2018-- analysts forecast the global iodine market to grow at a CAGR of close to 4% during the period 2018-2022, according to their latest market research report.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180704005164/en/
Technavio has published a new market research report on the global iodine market from 2018-2022. (Graphic: Business Wire)
Recycling of iodine is one of the major trends being witnessed in the . Many iodine producers have recycling facilities. In such recycling facilities, iodine and its derivatives are recovered from iodine waste streams. In 2017, iodine recycling accounted for 17% of world iodine sales. In 2017, countries such as Japan held a major share of 70% of the total iodine recycled.
This report is available at a USD 1,000 discount for a limited time only:
In this report, Technavio analysts highlight the growth of the smartphone industry as a key factor contributing to the growth of the global iodine market:
Global iodine market: Growth of the smartphone industry
The display in smartphone touchscreens consists of liquid crystals that are activated by the electric current. Depending on the activation state of the crystals, these liquid crystals block or allow polarized light to pass through.
According to a senior market research analyst at Technavio, “Polarizing films are used to increase the visibility of the image created on the liquid crystal display. Iodine-containing polarizing films are made by absorbing iodine onto a stretched polyvinyl alcohol surface.”
Global iodine market: X-ray contrast media segment leads the market
This market research report segments the global iodine market into the following applications (X-ray contrast media, pharmaceuticals, LCD and LED screens, and nutrition) and key regions (the Americas, APAC, and EMEA). It provides an in-depth analysis of the prominent factors influencing the market, including drivers, opportunities, trends, and industry-specific challenges.
Of the four major applications, the X-ray contrast media segment held the largest market share in 2017, contributing to nearly 23% of the market. The market share occupied by this segment is expected to increase by 2022.
EMEA was the leading region for the global iodine market in 2017. It accounted for a market share of approximately 42%. It was followed by APAC and the Americas. APAC is expected to project the fastest growth during the period 2018-2022.
Looking for more information on this market?
Technavio's sample reports are free of charge and contain multiple sections of the report such as the market size and forecast, drivers, challenges, trends, and more.
Some of the key topics covered in the report include:
Market Landscape
Market ecosystem Market characteristics Market segmentation analysis
Market Sizing
Market sizing Market size and forecast
Five Forces Analysis
Market Segmentation
Geographical Segmentation
Regional comparison Key leading countries
Market Drivers
Market Challenges
Market Trends
Vendor Landscape
Vendors covered Vendor classification Market positioning of vendors Competitive scenario
About Technavio
is a leading global technology research and advisory company. Their research and analysis focuses on emerging market trends and provides actionable insights to help businesses identify market opportunities and develop effective strategies to optimize their market positions.
With over 500 specialized analysts, Technavio's report library consists of more than 10,000 reports and counting, covering 800 technologies, spanning across 50 countries. Their client base consists of enterprises of all sizes, including more than 100 Fortune 500 companies. This growing client base relies on Technavio's comprehensive coverage, extensive research, and actionable market insights to identify opportunities in existing and potential markets and assess their competitive positions within changing market scenarios.
If you are interested in more information, please contact our media team at .
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180704005164/en/
CONTACT: Technavio Research
Jesse Maida
Media & Marketing Executive
US: +1 844 364 1100
UK: +44 203 893 3200
www.technavio.com
KEYWORD: UNITED KINGDOM EUROPE
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: TECHNOLOGY TELECOMMUNICATIONS OTHER TECHNOLOGY MANUFACTURING CHEMICALS/PLASTICS
SOURCE: Technavio
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 07/04/2018 09:17 AM/DISC: 07/04/2018 09:16 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180704005164/en
Lorrel Smith fired a late winner six minutes from time to hand Leighton Town a 2-1 victory over London Tigers on Saturday on the opening weekend of the SSML Premier Division.
Smith's strike in the 84th minute came after their first half opener, and just four minutes after London Tigers thought they'd done enough to snatch a point when Kledes Ramas equalised for the home side.
Town dominated the first half proceedings, but struggled to get the killer touch and take the lead.
James Towell stung the palms of Tigers keeper Dorzas with a good strike, while Dom Marsala was proving to be Town's best outlet, zipping a ball across the face of goal without a Town boot to convert it.
But with a minute of the half remaining, Smith managed to get on the end of another Marsala cross, this time poking it home to give Town the lead heading into the second period.
Tigers looked a much better prospect in the second half as Town sat back and allowed the home side to attack, much to manager Scott Reynolds' dismay.
While Marsala had one chalked off for offside, Town thought they'd squandered two points when Ramas fired across Tom Wyant to equalise with 10 minutes to go.
But just four minutes later, Smith burst in behind the Tigers' defence to win it for Town, picking up their first victory of the new season.
A man shot in the leg during the Las Vegas massacre on Sunday found the strength to stand for President Trump when they visited recovering victims in the hospital earlier this week.
Thomas Gunderson was among the more than 500 people wounded at the Route 91 Harvest Festival last weekend in what people are calling the nation's deadliest mass shooting in modern history.
RELATED: Donald and Melania Trump visit Las Vegas following music festival
President Trump and the first lady visited survivors at the city's University Medical Center on Wednesday, where they took photographs and spoke with patients.
In a video that has begun to pick up steam on social media, Gunderson, 28, struggled in their first attempt to stand when the first lady entered their room, saying: “Hi, Thomas. How are you? No, don't get up. Don't get up.”
SEE ALSO: US veteran steals truck, saves dozens after Las Vegas shooting
Moments later, Gunderson exerted all of their strength to get to their feet when the president greeted him, with Trump saying, “Hey, this guy looks tough to me.”
Gunderson spoke about the meeting with Trump in the video caption, writing: “I will never lie down when the President of this great country comes to shake my hand!
“There may be plenty of issues in this country but I will always respect my country, my president and my flag. Shot in the leg or not, I will stand to show my president the respect they deserve!”
RELATED: Las Vegas mass shooting survivors
NEW YORK (CBSNewYork) – For many, the Fourth of July means the Macy's annual fireworks display over the East River.
The NYPD reminds spectators that no large backpacks, coolers, lawn chairs, lawn blankets or alcoholic beverages will be allowed in the FDR Drive viewing area.
Whether you plan on watching the show or not, you'll want to know about the following street closures between 2 p.m. Wednesday and 2 a.m. Thursday:
Manhattan:
FDR Drive between Battery Park Underpass and East 63rd Street
South Street between Whitehall Street and Robert F. Wagner Sr. Place
FDR Drive Service Roads between Cherry Street and 63rd Street
Water Street between Whitehall Street and Fulton Street
Pearl Street between Fulton Street and Robert F Wagner Sr Place
Whitehall Street between Water Street and South Street
Broad Street between Water Street and South Street
Old Slip between Water Street and South Street
Robert F Wagner Sr Place between Pearl Street and South Street
Cherry Street between Jackson Street and FDR Drive
Delancey Street between Lewis Street and FDR Drive
East Houston Street between Baruch Place and FDR Drive
Avenue C between 13th Street and Avenue C Entrance Ramp to FDR
Avenue C Entrance Ramps
East 6th Street between Avenue D and FDR Drive
East 10th Street between Avenue D and FDR Drive
14th Street between Avenue C and Avenue B
Avenue C between East 16th Street and East 20th Street
East 20th Street between 1st Avenue and Avenue C
East 23rd Street between 1st Avenue and Avenue C
East 26th Street between 1st Avenue and FDR Drive
East 30th Street between 1st Avenue and FDR Drive
30th Street Entrance Ramps
East 33rd Street between 1st Avenue and 3rd Avenue
East 34th Street between 2nd Avenue and FDR Drive
34th Street Entrance Ramps
East 37th Street between 1st Avenue and FDR Drive
East 38th Street between 1st Avenue and FDR Drive
East 41st Street between 1st Avenue and FDR Drive
East 42nd Street between 1st Avenue and FDR Drive
42nd Street Entrance Ramps
East 48th Street between 1st Avenue and FDR Drive
East 49th Street between 1st Avenue and FDR Drive
East 53rd Street between 1st Avenue and FDR Drive
Brooklyn:
Area bounded by Atlantic Avenue on the South Old Fulton Street on the North
Hicks Street on the East; East River on the West (All Inclusive)
Old Fulton Street between Hicks Street and Prospect Street
Cadman Plaza West between Prospect Street and Tillary Street
Front Street between Old Fulton Street and Jay Street
Water Street between Old Fulton Street and Jay Street
Queens:
Area bounded by 44th Drive on the North Borden Avenue on the South Vernon
Boulevard on the East; East River on the West (All Inclusive)
Center Boulevard between Borden Avenue and 54th Avenue
2nd Street between Borden Avenue and Newtown Creek /Dead End
Vernon Boulevard between 54th Avenue and Newtown Creek/Dead End
54th Avenue between Center Boulevard and Vernon Boulevard
PUBLIC VIEWING:
The public viewing sections in Manhattan will be the elevated portions of the FDR drive with the
following entry points:
Note: Access blocks will close as viewing areas fill up and spectators will be redirected to
additional open access blocks as appropriate.
MIDTOWN:
• Houston Street
• 23rd Street
• 34th Street
• 42nd Street
• ADA – FDR Southbound lane, at 18th St. and Avenue C (via 20th St. and 23rd St.)
For more information, click here.
A Russian state news agency says that the children of Russian diplomats expelled by the United States are being invited to a holiday gathering at the Kremlin.
The White House on Thursday ordered 35 diplomats out of the country as part of measures aimed at punishing Russia for alleged hacking interference in the U.S. presidential election. Many of them and their families arrived in Moscow early Monday.
Some officials complained that the expulsion ruined families' celebrations of New Year's Eve, Russia's main gift-giving festivity.
Elena Krylova, a spokesperson for the presidential affairs administration, was quoted by the Tass news agency as saying that a visit for the children to see the holiday tree in the State Kremlin Palace is being organized.
Lidl, the German no-frills supermarket chain, is opening its first wave of stores in the U.S. this summer ahead of schedule, with plans to open up to 100 locations across the East Coast within a year.
The details of the expansion, announced Wednesday, come as Wal-Mart and traditional grocery chains already are seeing a stronger threat from German low-priced retailer Aldi, which has been aggressively expanding. Both offer low prices by focusing on store-label products rather than name brands. Aldi has also been adding items to include gluten-free products and fresh produce.
Lidl's first 20 U.S. stores will be opening in North Carolina, South Carolina and Virginia, where the company established its first U.S. headquarters in 2015. Originally, it planned to open its first batch of U.S. stores no later than 2018. Lidl operates about 10,000 stores in 27 countries.
Both Lidl and Aldi have been aggressively expanding in Europe. In the United Kingdom, a fierce price war has hurt Wal-Mart's Asda business as well as traditional local retailers.
Aldi, which opened its first store in the U.S. in 1976, now has more than 1,600 stores in the U.S. and plans to increase that to nearly 2,000 by the end of 2018. It announced earlier this month that it's spending $1.6 billion on remodeling more than 1,300 of them.
The? Phoenix Suns plan to suspend forward? Marquese Chriss?for a game stemming from a verbal confrontation with the team's strength coach, league sources told ESPN.
The incident occurred after Friday night's 129-97 loss to the Utah Jazz, sources say.
An argument broke out over a postgame routine Chriss is required to do, sources say.
The second-year forward played 14 minutes in the game and scored three points.
LeBron James' decision to sign with the Los Angeles Lakers has led some to pit them against LaVar Ball in a battle that's only tangentially related to basketball. As the Big Baller Brand CEO sees it, there's no conflict brewing between themselves and the King.
“How come we got to worry about coexisting? They're playing on the court and I'm off the court,” they said on CNN on Tuesday. “Quit worrying about me.”
LaVar blamed the media for trying to manufacture trouble between the two fathers. A minor tiff popped up last year over Ball's assertion that LeBron's kids—like those of other NBA superstars—might struggle to live up to their dad's greatness.
“They did all that negativity and they still came, so that's letting you know right there,” they continued. “Me and LeBron will get along.”
LaVar emphasized how “lucky” Lonzo Ball is to play with James, who was (and still is) their son's favorite player, and later explained why they and LeBron should see eye to eye.
“Me and LeBron got a lot in common, which is, family first, winning, grinning and having a good time playing basketball, championships,” they added.
As for Zo's budding partnership with Bron, the Big Baller sees no reason for concern that their boy might get blocked out by the biggest name is basketball.
“Nobody casts a shadow,” they said. “They just teammates.”
And LaVar and LeBron are not, which is all the more reason to bury the belief that there is bound to be animus among them that could affect Lonzo on the court.
In Louisiana, a proposal to strengthen the law against bestiality is facing unexpected opposition from conservative lawmakers who see it as an underhanded move to strike the state's unconstitutional ban on sodomy.
Creating a new, wide-ranging anti-bestiality law would untangle the offense from the ban on sodomy in Louisiana's " crime against nature " statute, prompting some lawmakers to label the measure a sly chess move.
"This bill was written because the far left wants to undermine our other laws that protect family and traditional values that the people of Louisiana hold dear," said Sen. Ryan Gatti, a Republican who was one of 10 senators to vote against the bill.
"That was our concern, that it most likely will be used as a Trojan horse to delete the sodomy law," they said.
News about lawmakers voting against the measure that would expand the state's four-word bestiality law with requirements for mental evaluations and penalties for trafficking provoked confusion and mockery outside the Deep South state.
Six states have expanded laws on bestiality crimes in the past three years, according to Leighann Lassiter, director of animal cruelty policy at the Humane Society of the United States, which is advocating for the rewritten law. Three states, including Louisiana, have similar proposals working through their legislatures.
"This has been the first time we've seen one hint of opposition to these bills," they said. "It's quite surprising."
For Sen. J.P. Morrell, what has been frustrating is that opposition to their bill is rooted in fear that games are afoot to remove the state's unenforceable statute against "unnatural" sex in Louisiana.
"I don't know how to answer a conspiracy theory," they said. "There's no evidence that the bill does that. What you hear from people is that they don't trust me because I'm a Democrat from New Orleans."
Anti-sodomy laws in Louisiana and other states were invalidated in 2003 by the U.S. Supreme Court, which ruled that forbidding people of the same sex from certain sexual conduct violated the 14th Amendment. Despite that ruling, Louisiana's existing law remains on the books.
Morrell has not been shy about their distaste for regulation on what kind of sex is allowed between consenting adults in Louisiana, but they emphasized that he's not taking aim at that rule with this proposal.
They said the measure would modernize an inadequate Louisiana law that doesn't account for today's technology. They even urged fellow lawmakers to vote against an amendment that sought to strike the anti-sodomy law because it would ensure their bill's failure.
On the Senate floor, they offered a stern warning: "God forbid you vote against this bill — good luck explaining it."
Their bill passed the Senate 25-10 and awaits debate in the House of Representatives. It's unclear how the measure will fare in the House because the leader of the Louisiana Family Forum, a Christian conservative organization with considerable sway in the chamber, has raised concerns about it.
"I think the provisions of their bill go way too far," said Gene Mills, president of the group.
The Humane Society's Lassiter said holes in the law haven't prevented district attorneys from prosecuting cases where people are having sex with an animal. Opponents to the Louisiana bill have said that's good reason to leave the state's law as is.
But the existence of online marketplaces for buying and selling animals for sex complicates matters when that act falls outside the law's boundaries, Lassiter said. Bringing animal cruelty charges is an option, though authorities often have to prove harm has been done, which isn't always clear in these cases.
Transcript for Trump calls for death penalty in newly announced opioid attack plan
As we can rule the blue ribbon committees we walked. But we don't get tough on the drug dealers. We're wasting our time just remember that were wasting our time. And that toughness includes the death penalty. Some of these drug dealers will kill thousands of people during their lifetime thousands of people. And destroyed. Many more lives than that but they will kill thousands of people during their lifetime. And don't get caught and get their two days engine. Well they'll go for a year. Or they'll be fine. And yet if you kill one person. You get the death penalty or you go to jail for life.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
We're always interested in hearing about news in our community. Let us know what's going on!
Go to form
(AP Photo/Mark Schiefelbein, File). FILE - In this May 4, 2018, file photo, U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross leaves their hotel in Beijing. An American business group appealed to China to allow more access to its state-dominated economy ahead of a vis...
PARIS (AP) - The Latest on trade tensions between the United States and the European Union (all times local):
9:45 a.m.
U.S. and European trade chiefs are meeting hours before the U.S. is expected to impose tariffs on European steel and aluminum that could unleash a trade war.
U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross told Le Figaro newspaper that a decision on tariffs would likely come after markets close Thursday. The U.S. decision is likely to be to impose tariffs, though there is slim hope that the two sides could reach a last-minute agreement.
Ross met Thursday morning in Paris with French Finance Minister Bruno Le Maire, whose government has vigorously objected to tariffs.
And U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer is meeting in Paris on Thursday with EU Trade Commissioner Cecilia Malmstrom among other international trade chiefs.
In their Le Figaro interview, Ross said the Americans are still open to discussion, and the EU would be to blame for any trade war if it imposes retaliatory tariffs as expected.
___
6:30 a.m.
President Donald Trump's administration is planning to impose tariffs on European steel and aluminum imports after failing to win concessions from the European Union, a move that could provoke retaliatory tariffs and inflame trans-Atlantic trade tensions.
The tariffs are likely to go into effect on the EU with an announcement by Friday's deadline, according to two people familiar with the discussions. The administration's plans could change if the two sides are able to reach a last-minute agreement, said the people, who spoke on condition of anonymity to discuss internal deliberations.
Trump announced in March the United States would slap a 25 percent tariff on imported steel, and a 10 percent tariff on imported aluminum, citing national security interests. But they granted an exemption to the EU and other U.S. allies; that reprieve expires Friday.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
BC-TEN--French Open Results
TEN--French Open Results
PARIS (AP) — Results Wednesday from the French Open at Stade Roland Garros (seedings in parentheses):
Men's Singles
Second Round
David Goffin (8), Belgium, def. Corentin Moutet, France, 7-5, 6-0, 6-1.
Gael Monfils (32), France, def. Martin Klizan, Slovakia, 6-2, 6-4, 6-4.
Marco Cecchinato, Italy, def. Marco Trungelliti, Argentina, 6-1, 7-6 (1), 6-1.
Pablo Carreno-Busta (10), Spain, def. Federico Delbonis, Argentina, 7-6 (0), 7-6 (2), 3-6, 6-4.
Roberto Bautista-Agut (13), Spain, def. Santiago Giraldo, Colombia, 6-4, 7-5, 6-3.
Novak Djokovic (20), Serbia, def. Jaume Antoni Munar Clar, Spain, 7-6 (1), 6-4, 6-4.
Fernando Verdasco (30), Spain, def. Guido Andreozzi, Argentina, 6-3, 6-2, 6-2.
Grigor Dimitrov (4), Bulgaria, def. Jared Donaldson, United States, 6-7 (2), 6-4, 4-6, 6-4, 10-8.
Matteo Berrettini, Italy, def. Ernests Gulbis, Latvia, 6-2, 3-6, 6-4, 6-3.
Kei Nishikori (19), Japan, def. Benoit Paire, France, 6-3, 2-6, 4-6, 6-2, 6-3.
Gilles Simon, France, def. Sam Querrey (12), United States, 1-6, 7-6 (3), 6-4, 6-1.
Karen Khachanov, Russia, def. Guillermo Garcia-Lopez, Spain, 6-2, 7-6 (7), 6-7 (0), 6-3.
Damir Dzumhur (26), Bosnia-Herzegovina, def. Radu Albot, Moldova, 6-3, 6-3, 5-7, 1-6, 7-5.
Alexander Zverev (2), Germany, def. Dusan Lajovic, Serbia, 2-6, 7-5, 4-6, 6-1, 6-2.
Women's Singles
First Round
Simona Halep (1), Romania, def. Alison Riske, United States, 2-6, 6-1, 6-1.
Second Round
Katerina Siniakova, Czech Republic, def. Kateryna Kozlova, Ukraine, 6-7 (4), 6-4, 6-4.
Barbora Strycova (26), Czech Republic, def. Ekaterina Makarova, Russia, 6-4, 6-2.
Yulia Putintseva, Kazakhstan, def. Jennifer Brady, United States, 6-4, 6-3.
Qiang Wang, China, def. Petra Martic, Croatia, 6-1, 6-1.
Madison Keys (13), United States, def. Caroline Dolehide, United States, 6-4, 6-1.
Naomi Osaka (21), Japan, def. Zarina Diyas, Kazakhstan, 6-4, 7-5.
Mihaela Buzarnescu (31), Romania, def. Rebecca Peterson, Sweden, 6-1, 6-2.
Elina Svitolina (4), Ukraine, def. Viktoria Kuzmova, Slovakia, 6-3, 6-4.
Petra Kvitova (8), Czech Republic, def. Lara Arruabarrena-Vecino, Spain, 6-0, 6-4.
Anett Kontaveit (25), Estonia, def. Alexandra Dulgheru, Romania, 7-5, 6-2.
Camila Giorgi, Italy, def. Mariana Duque-Marino, Colombia, 6-0, 6-3.
Sloane Stephens (10), United States, def. Magdalena Frech, Poland, 6-2, 6-2.
Maria Sakkari, Greece, def. Carla Suarez-Navarro (23), Spain, 7-5, 6-3.
Caroline Wozniacki (2), Denmark, def. Georgina Garcia Perez, Spain, 6-1, 6-0.
Men's Doubles
First Round
Lukasz Kubot, Poland and Marcelo Melo (1), Brazil, def. Marco Cecchinato, Italy and Marton Fucsovics, Hungary, 6-4, 7-5.
Gregoire Jacq, France and Benjamin Bonzi, France, def. Scott Lipsky, United States and Tennys Sandgren, United States, 6-2, 6-4.
Maximo Gonzalez, Argentina and Nicolas Jarry, Chile, def. Paolo Lorenzi, Italy and Mischa Zverev, Germany, 6-1, 6-2.
Stephane Robert, France and Calvin Hemery, France, def. Donald Young, United States and Matthew Ebden, Australia, 6-2, 4-6, 7-6 (6).
Marcel Granollers, Spain and Pablo Cuevas (11), Uruguay, def. Daniel Nestor, Canada and Jeremy Chardy, France, 7-5, 6-2.
Steve Johnson, United States and Jack Sock, United States, def. Nicholas Monroe, United States and John-Patrick Smith, Australia, 7-6 (6), 6-4.
Nicolas Mahut, France and Pierre Hughes Herbert (6), France, def. Robert Lindstedt, Sweden and Marcin Matkowski, Poland, 6-4, 3-6, 7-6 (6).
Evgeny Donskoy, Russia and Miguel Angel Reyes-Varela, Mexico, def. Aisam Qureshi, Pakistan and Jean-Julien Rojer (7), Netherlands, 6-7 (2), 7-6 (5), 6-4.
Leonardo Mayer, Argentina and Joao Sousa, Portugal, def. Constant Lestienne, France and Geoffrey Blancaneaux, France, 7-6 (3), 6-3.
Santiago Gonzalez, Mexico and Marcelo Demoliner, Brazil, def. Roman Jebavy, Czech Republic and Andrei Vasilevski, Belarus, 7-6 (5), 6-7 (8), 7-6 (2).
Feliciano Lopez, Spain and Marc Lopez (12), Spain, def. Andres Molteni, Argentina and Guillermo Duran, Argentina, 6-3, 6-4.
Daniele Bracciali, Italy and Andreas Seppi, Italy, def. Philipp Petzschner, Germany and Maximilian Marterer, Germany, 2-6, 7-6 (6), 6-4.
Guido Pella, Argentina and Diego Schwartzman, Argentina, def. Antonie Hoang, France and Ugo Humbert, France, 6-3, 6-3.
Rajeev Ram, United States and Ivan Dodig (9), Croatia, def. Hans Podlipnik, Chile and Jackson Withrow, United States, 4-6, 6-4, 6-1.
James Cerretini, United States and Marcelo Arevalo-Gonzalez, El Salvador, def. Jan-Lennard Struff, Germany and Ben Mclachlan (14), Japan, 6-7 (4), 7-6 (3), 6-3.
Oliver Marach, Austria and Mate Pavic (2), Croatia, def. Adil Shamasdin, Canada and Sander Arends, Netherlands, 6-2, 6-2.
Women's Doubles
First Round
Kristina Mladenovic, France and Timea Babos (1), Hungary, def. Shuai Zhang, China and Ajla Tomljanovic, Australia, 6-1, 6-4.
Kveta Peschke, Czech Republic and Nicole Melichar (13), United States, def. Shuai Peng, China and Christina McHale, United States, 6-4, 2-6, 7-6 (3).
Makoto Ninomiya, Japan and Eri Hozumi, Japan, def. Polona Hercog, Slovenia and Alison Van Uytvanck, Belgium, 6-0, 6-4.
Yi-Fan Xu, China and Gabriela Dabrowski (5), Canada, def. Fiona Ferro, France and Tessah Andrianjafitrimo, France, 6-3, 6-1.
Bethanie Mattek-Sands, United States and Latisha Chan (4), Taiwan, def. Virginie Razzano, France and Jade Suvrijn, France, 6-4, 6-1.
Katerina Bondarenko, Ukraine and Aleksandra Krunic, Serbia, def. Abigail Spears, United States and Alicja Rosolska (15), Poland, 7-5, 4-6, 7-6 (2).
Sorana Cirstea, Romania and Sara Sorribes Tormo, Spain, def. Elena Vesnina, Russia and Jelena Ostapenko (10), Latvia, 1-6, 6-3, 6-4.
Svetlana Kuznetsova, Russia and Lucie Safarova, Czech Republic, def. Belinda Bencic, Switzerland and Marketa Vondrousova, Czech Republic, 6-2, 6-4.
Ana Isabel Medina Garrigues, Spain and Arantxa Parra Santonja, Spain, def. Alison Riske, United States and Johanna Konta, Britain, 3-6, 6-4, 7-6 (3).
Zhaoxuan Yang, China and Hao-Ching Chan (8), Taiwan, def. Su-Wei Hsieh, Taiwan and Andrea Petkovic, Germany, 6-4, 6-4.
Tatjana Maria, Germany and Heather Watson, Britain, def. Manon Arcangioli, France and Sherazad Reix, France, 6-3, 6-4.
Renata Voracova, Czech Republic and Taylor Townsend, United States, def. Jessika Ponchet, France and Sara Cakarevic, France, 6-4, 6-1.
Johanna Larsson, Sweden and Kiki Bertens (9), Netherlands, def. Alla Kudryavtseva, Russia and Veronika Kudermetova, Russia, 7-5, 6-2.
Venus Williams, United States and Serena Williams, United States, def. Shuko Aoyama, Japan and Miyu Kato (14), Japan, 4-6, 6-4, 6-1.
Darija Jurak, Croatia and Donna Vekic, Croatia, def. Coco Vandeweghe, United States and Ashleigh Barty (7), Australia, 2-6, 6-4, 6-4.
Anastassia Rodionova, Australia and Nadiia Kichenok (16), Ukraine, def. Mandy Minella, Luxembourg and Anastasija Sevastova, Latvia, 3-6, 6-3, 7-5.
Aliaksandra Sasnovich, Belarus and Ying-Ying Duan, China, def. Olga Savchuk, Ukraine and Ana Bogdan, Romania, 6-3, 3-6, 6-1.
Samantha Stosur, Australia and Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova, Russia, def. Lidziya Marozava, Belarus and Lesley Kerkhove, Netherlands, 6-3, 6-4.
Mixed Doubles
First Round
Matwe Middelkoop, Netherlands and Demi Schuurs, Netherlands, def. Michael Venus, New Zealand and Hao-Ching Chan (6), Taiwan, 6-3, 6-2.
WASHINGTON ― House Speaker Paul Ryan (R-Wis.) on Thursday became the highest-ranking Republican to call for scrutiny of so-called bump stocks, which allowed the Las Vegas mass killer to fire semi-automatic assault rifles as rapidly as machine guns.
WASHINGTON ― House Speaker Paul Ryan (R-Wis.) on Thursday became the highest-ranking Republican to call for scrutiny of so-called bump stocks, which allowed the Las Vegas mass killer to fire semi-automatic assault rifles as rapidly as machine guns.
“Look, I didn't know what they were until this week and I'm an avid sportsman, and so we are quickly coming up to speed with this,” Ryan said in an interview with MSNBC's Hugh Hewitt. “So to turn a semiautomatic to fully automatic is something we have to look into.”
Bump stocks, inexpensive accessories that essentially turn a semiautomatic weapon into an automatic one, circumvent federal laws that strictly regulate firearms that can fire a burst of bullets with a single pull of the trigger. The Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives said the shooter in Las Vegas had outfitted 12 firearms with bump stocks, allowing them to fire into the crowd of 22,000 people at a faster rate.
Retailers said they've been selling out of bump stocks since the mass shooting, which killed nearly 60 people and injured almost 500.
Many congressional GOPers said they were unfamiliar with bump stocks and needed time to research them. Momentum for a ban on the gun accessories began to build this week, however, after several key GOP senators either called for a hearing, or for a ban on bump stocks outright.
“The fact that fully-automatic weapons are already illegal and this makes another weapon capable [of automatic fire], I would be supportive of that,” Sen. Ron Johnson (R-Wis.), who chairs the Homeland Security Committee, said Wednesday when asked about legislation banning bump stocks.
Sen. Dianne Feinstein (D-Calif.), a longtime advocate of banning assault weapons, on Wednesday introduced a bill that would block the sale and possession of bump stocks. It had 26 co-sponsors, but no Republican support.
House Democrats, led by Rep. David Cicilline of Rhode Island, have introduced a companion bill to Feinstein's measure that would ban the sale and possession of bump stocks. The legislation had 139 co-sponsors, and several House GOPers have expressed support for such a ban.
“Bump stocks generating automatic rates of fire should face the same restrictions as automatic weapons,” Rep. Vern Buchanan (R-Fla.) tweeted Thursday.
Reps. Bill Flores (R-Texas.) and Kevin Yoder (R-Kansas) have said they support the idea of a ban on bump stocks.
Rep. Bob Goodlatte (R-Va.), who chairs the House Judiciary Committee, said Thursday they were “looking at” the matter.
Still, any effort at regulating guns would face tough odds in a Republican-controlled Congress. Some conservatives are already warning that banning bump stocks could lead to other gun control measures ― a slippery-slope argument that advocates of the Second Amendment have made for years.
The National Rifle Association, the main gun lobby, has remained silent in the wake of the Las Vegas shooting ― a tactic it employs repeatedly after mass shootings. Conservative radio talk show host Dana Loesch, who is an NRA spokesperson, has expressed skepticism about the effectiveness of a ban on bump stocks.
The push to ban bump stocks could gain steam if President Donald Trump decides to weigh in. The president has refrained from speaking out, maintaining that it is too soon after the massacre to discuss gun control.
“We'll be talking about gun laws as time goes on,” Trump said this week.
Ari Fleischer, a former White House press secretary and supporter of the president, urged Trump to direct the ATF to outlaw bump stocks via regulation.
If I were Trump I would direct ATF 2classify bump stocks as part of a weapon and ban them today. They should also welcome legislation 2do same — Ari Fleischer (@AriFleischer) October 5, 2017
Correction: Rep. Bill Flores represents a district in Texas, not Florida.
Stan: In Wisconsin reps took 60% of seats while getting 47% of the vote. How is that democracy?
BEIJING — China defended its trade practices on Tuesday after Chinese-made vehicles were seen towing ballistic missiles during a North Korea military parade despite international sanctions against selling military hardware to Pyongyang.
Saturday's parade honoring North Korea's country's founder, Kim Il Sung, came amid heightened tensions over the country's nuclear ambitions. It featured a senior official, Choe Ryong Hae, warning of “all-out war” if North Korea is attacked.
Photos provided by the North Korean government showed the submarine-launched missiles being pulled by trucks bearing the logo of the Chinese company Sinotruk.
ADVERTISEMENT
Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson Lu Kang said China conducts “normal” business with its neighbor North Korea while adhering to sanctions imposed beginning in 2006 by the UN Security Council.
“China has been performing its international obligations strictly, including those stipulated in the Security Council resolution. But meanwhile, we carry on normal economic exchanges and trade with all parties including North Korea,” Lu said.
China accounts for an estimated 80 percent of North Korea's foreign trade, along with crucial food and fuel assistance.
A sales manager for a Sinotruck dealer, Zhongnanhai, said the company exports about 1,000 trucks to North Korea every year under contracts that specify the vehicles are designed and manufactured for civilian use.
Zhongnanhai sells the trucks to a dealer in the border city of Dandong before they are resold to North Korea, they said.
“We fully comply with the government regulations. If they are used by North Korea for military purpose, they must have been modified by the North Korean side,” said the sales manager, who would give only their surname, Wang.
They added that their company has “no way to monitor and approve the use of the trucks by North Korea.”
International observers have warned that over the past decade North Korea has become adept at circumventing the UN sanctions, particularly so-called dual-use equipment that has both military and civilian applications.
ADVERTISEMENT
North Korea makes use of “weak transshipment regulations, falsified cargo declarations and shipping documents, reflagging and disguised materials to import banned materials,” according to a 2015 report for the European Union Institute for Security Studies.
* * *
Associated Press news assistant Yu Bing contributed to this report.
Lawmakers in Iowa began debating a bill Tuesday to dramatically change how public sector unions negotiate their contracts, part of a wave of legislation in statehouses across the country to roll back union rights.
The bill, similar to a 2011 law in Wisconsin, is high on the state's legislative agenda and comes as Republicans control both chambers of the state Legislature and the governor's mansion for the first time in nearly 20 years.
About 180,000 state and local government workers would be prohibited from negotiating over issues including health insurance, seniority and extra pay. The legislation also leaves in place a provision that prevents workers from going on strike. And it includes provisions that would make it more difficult for unions to collect dues.
Public safety employees, such as law enforcement officers, would be exempt from certain provisions of the bill. Critics say exempting public safety workers divides unions.
Ahead of hearings on the leglslation, teachers, teamsters, firefighters and other union members demonstrated at the Iowa Capitol Monday night, breaking into chants of "Kill the bill."
"Enough of these misguided politicians and their billionaire buddies trying to take our voice and our rights!" shouted Becky Pringle, of the National Education Association, to the crowd from atop a folding chair.
The state's Democrats are trying to slow down debate on the measure, which is expected to last several days.
"This is a major change and policy shift," said state Sen. Nate Boulton, a Democrat. "It is disappointing that we had no voice in this process."
Republicans countered that they were ending a period of deadlock and divided government in Iowa by acting on their priorities.
"Normally the frustration I hear from folks at home is that we don't get anything done," said state Rep. Steve Holt, a Republican. "So we are acting decisively on a bill that I think is great for Iowa and great for efficient government."
More than 1,100 people signed up to speak against the bill, but only 33 got the chance. State correctional officer Lindsey Herron said they left their previous job, which paid well, for the better benefits that state employees receive.
If the bill becomes law, the risks of working in a prison are "no longer worth it," said Herron. "You may think that's fine until those offenders end up living next door to your family and they learn nothing in prison because they no longer have professional educated staff working there."
Herron said they were upset about voting for Republican candidates last fall. "If this bill passes, don't think in 2018 I'm going to forget what you've done to my family."
Just four people spoke in favor of the bill, including representatives of the Iowa chapter of Americans for Prosperity, the nonprofit political advocacy group funded by conservative donors David and Charles Koch.
VALENCIA, Spain (AP) — The Egyptian Football Federation says Mohamed Salah's shoulder injury will not keep them out for longer than three weeks, meaning they should be fit to play at least some part in the country's World Cup campaign.
The Liverpool forward was injured in the first half of Saturday's Champions League final against Real Madrid and left the field in tears. Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp said after the game that Salah's World Cup campaign was in jeopardy but the EFA gave an optimistic update on Wednesday after its president Hani Abu Reda, national team coach Hector Cuper and doctor Mohamed Abou El-Ela met with the forward in Valencia, where the 25-year-old is undergoing treatment and rehabilitation.
A post on the federation's Facebook page said that "the period of absence of Salah due to injury will not exceed three weeks."
That could still rule them out of Egypt's opening World Cup match on June 15 against Uruguay, with their second against hosts Russia coming four days later.
But if they miss those games, they could play in Egypt's final group match against Saudi Arabia on June 25.
(WJHL) – The Pledge of Allegiance is an expression of patriotism and commitment to our country. The Bachman Bernard Family is proud to present the Daily Pledge from our local schools.
Click on the following link to see students from various local schools recite the pledge:
From Trussville Tribune staff reports
SHELBY COUNTY – A man from Helena has died after going into Lake Lay in Shelby County, according to the Alabama Law Enforcement Agency.
The incident occurred on Saturday when Maxie Pernell Blalock, III, 41, went into the lake near Waxahatchee Creek but did not come back up. Their body was recovered by authorities today. According to ALEA, they were found near the area they first went into.
Calera Dive Team, NE Shelby Rescue, Tallapoosa Rescue, Childersburg Rescue and Shelby County Sheriff's Office assisted ALEA with recovering Blalock's body.
No further information is available as ALEA Troopers continue to investigate with the Marine Patrol Division.
BALDWIN, N.Y. (CBSNewYork) — A Long Island high school basketball team is making history following a big win Sunday, when the Baldwin Lady Bruins took on Ossining in the New York State Class AA Championship game.
The girls on the Baldwin High School girls team have given it their all every time they stepped on the court all season, and Sunday was no different.
Baldwin Senior Donnetta Johnson called the game “indescribable.”
They ultimately came out on top, and the five starters experienced a win unlike any other Long Island girls basketball team. They won the state championship for the second time in a row, making history by becoming the only back-to-back state champs.
It was far from a walk on the court.
“I believe that it's definitely more difficult to stay on top than it is to get on tip,” Coach Tom Catapano said.
The team didn't get that far without hard work. They practice three hours a day, six days a week.
“This didn't happen by accident,” Catapano said. “This was a tremendous amount of work over a very long period of time for this group.”
Catapano has been coaching the team for several years, and says they've become more than just a team.
“We get along very well off the court,” Donnetta said. “So it's like they're my sisters.”
School officials say it's sent a message to the school community that it's about more than just teamwork.
“If you work hard, if you're dedicated, if you're passionate at what you do you can be successful at it,” Athletic Director Eduardo Ramirez said.
The Lady Bruins will play in the Federation semifinals against LUHI on Friday at 2:15 pm at the Glens Falls Civic Center. The winner of that game heads to the finals on Saturday.
Haison, a private investment management and advisory firm, organised an investment partnership mission recently to Japan with support from United Nations Industrial Development Organisation (UNIDO), Tokyo.
Those in the mission included representatives from the companies of garments, textile, logistic and skills development, according to a press statement.
UNIDO Tokyo arranged B2B meetings in Tokyo and Osaka where 35 and 32 Japanese companies respectively took part.
The Bangladeshi companies which also participated in these B2B meetings were NIPA Group, Adhip Group, Hamid Sweater, United Sourcing and Conveyor Group.
These companies had the opportunity to display their products and discuss prospective business deals with their respective Japanese counterparts.
In addition, the Bangladeshi companies took part in meetings with the apparel division officials of Marubeni Corporation, Chori Co., Fast Value Global, JETRO and others.
CEO of Haison M Jalalul Hai had meeting with the chairperson of UNIQLO Tadashi Yanai.
As known to all, UNIQLO is a prominent retail business giant in the far east country.
Hai also held discussions with UNIDO officials about the future strategies to be undertaken to promote Japanese investments in Bangladesh. [Read More]
—–
Source: The Financial Express
Developers could be forced back to the drawing board as designs to convert a former Preston sports hall into flats have been branded “alien”
The Garden Street location - close to Winckley Square - has been vacant for a decade and was once used by pupils at Cardinal Newman College.
Applicants Northern Estates Ltd have submitted plans to create 41 apartments but town hall officers have said they are not in-keeping with conservation area regulations.
The bid has therefore been recommended for refusal when it comes before the city's planning committee this week.
An officer's report reads: “The proposed development would form an incongruous, alien and strident feature in the street scene and would have a substantial detrimental impact on the character and appearance of the Winckley Square Conservation Area.”
The facility has been subject to several development bids since the turn of the century that have since been shelved.
The latest bid, submitted in 2017, would convert the existing building with the addition of an extension to create a five and six storey blocks.
According to the planning committee report, the design received two letters of objection that raised concerns about the density of the number of flats and a potential loss of privacy at neighbouring Lanson House.
Officers added it would “fail to make a positive contribution” to the surrounding area although the building in its current state is described as “bland.”
The report reads: “By retaining the existing building through modification, the proposal neither retains its original character nor adds to the character or appearance of the conservation area.”
Committee members can choose to approve the scheme despite the recommendation from planning officers.
The developers say the plan “is intended to be sympathetically designed to respect its context and neighbours in terms of both detail and design and to deal with issues such as rights to light, amenity and overlooking.
"The scheme also seeks to provide a building of a quality design in the existing urban townscape and one that is appropriate in terms of mass and scale.”
The elected members forming the committee will therefore have to decide whether the designs are “sympathetic” or “incongruous and alien”.
CARSON, Calif. (AP) — Ryan Hollingshead had a goal and an assist, helping FC Dallas beat the Los Angeles Galaxy 3-2 on Wednesday night.
Dallas (6-1-5) is unbeaten in its last six games against Los Angeles (5-7-1).
FC Dallas scored two goals seven minutes apart in the first half. Mauro Díaz sent a pass along the top of the 18-yard box and Ryan Hollingshead curled it inside the post in the 33rd minute. It was Díaz's seventh assist of the year. In the 40th minute, Hollingshead passed it across goal to find Cristian Colman at the far post for a bouncing header.
Carlos Gruezo added a breakaway goal in the 66th for a 3-0 lead.
Los Angeles got on the board in the 69th when Zlatan Ibrahimovic rolled a shot inside the far post following a defensive turnover. They scored on a volley in stoppage time after FC Dallas was reduced to 10 men following Colman's red card.
BRISBANE, Australia (AP) — Jeff Horn's reward for a successful first title defense since a contentious win over Manny Pacquiao could be a potential bout with Terence Crawford.
A failure could send them back into boxing obscurity.
Horn wants to use their WBO welterweight title defense against Gary Corcoran on Wednesday to dispel any notion that they got a hometown decision against Pacquiao in Brisbane last July. If they get their way, it could set them up for a big 2018.
Top Rank promoter Bob Arum attended Tuesday's weigh-in and said a win here "will lead to massive fights coming next year."
"I think Pacquiao is going to return to the ring. Terence Crawford will be the mandatory for this fight. The biggest building in Las Vegas is on hold for this fight," Arum said. "Going to have a tremendous year in the welterweight division and these two participants ... will be giving it their all to see who will go ahead as part of these major programs that will take place next year."
Horn, now unbeaten in 18 bouts, knows what it's like to be given no chance of beating the champion, so they are trying to think only about Corcoran at the Brisbane Convention Centre. That's not far from where they beat Pacquiao in front of more than 51,000 fans in an outdoor bout at a regular rugby venue.
"I've got until after this fight to start having discussions," they said. "He's definitely a possibility if I can manage to get through Gary first."
The Australian former schoolteacher was written off before taking on Pacquiao (59-7-2), but pressured the eight-division champion for 12 rounds in an upset that changed the trajectory of their career.
Pacquiao's camp disputed the unanimous decision, which was widely panned by critics but later confirmed after further scrutiny by the World Boxing Organization. Pacquiao had a rematch clause for the Horn fight, but so far hasn't committed to a date or venue.
Corcoran is 17-1 since turning pro in 2011 and is ranked 10th by the WBO.  They are the underdog and is fighting outside of Britain and Ireland for the first time for their first world title.
Trainer Peter Stanley said their boxer would not be intimidated by the situation.
"We've fought away from home before in front of bigger, more hostile crowds against bigger boys," Stanley said. "There's nothing new here."
The buildup to the fight has been overshadowed by accusations from the Corcoran camp that Horn resorted to head-butting Pacquiao, and claims from the British-based boxer that they would resort to biting if confronted with the same circumstances. At the official news conference, one of Corcoran's trainers held up a laptop computer to show images of Horn clashing heads with opponents and later wore a cap with a glove attached at the top in a swipe at the head-butting claims.
Horn and their trainer Glenn Rushton responded by wearing caps with a pair of boxing gloves on top of earmuffs to protect from biting.
Both boxers were expecting an aggressive, walk-up style of fight.
Rushton said Horn would be furious but fair.
"It is boxing. It's not table tennis — it's tough," Rushton said. "Stop (complaining) — Jeff's one of the fairest fighters in the world."
Corcoran doesn't have a high profile, and even ring announcer Michael Buffer mistakenly called them by the wrong name at the weigh-in.
"Does it matter?" Stanley said. "He'll know their name afterward, I promise you that — they won't forget it.
"Gary's a consummate pro. He's come here to fight and win. They both made weight, they're both fit. The only difference is Jeff's got the world title and Gary wants it."
The secretary of Iran's Supreme National Security Council, Ali Shamkhani, vowed on Tuesday that Tehran would punish Israel in response to the recent air strike on the T-4 airbase in Homs, Syria, in which several Iranian soldiers and officers were killed.
"The Islamic Republic paid a high price to establish regional security and to fight radical Islamic terrorism, and therefore it cannot sit idly by in the face of the alarming escalation which undermines security that is expressed in the steps of the United States, the Zionist entity and some of their allies," Shamkhani told reporters before leaving for Russia.
Shutterstock
Back in May, we warned you of a massive, self-inflicted security flaw, namely a keylogger, in Hewlett Packard laptops due to a flaw in an audio driver. Now, another keylogger has turned up, in a far more extensive security problem that reaches back to 2012. So what is a keylogger, and why is this happening?
What's a keylogger?: “Keyloggers” are programs that record every keystroke you enter into a computer. The ultimate goal of keyloggers, when cybercriminals use them, is to collect your username, passwords, and other information to drain your bank accounts, but they can also be used for blackmail, if you've got salacious chat logs or a particularly embarrassing browser history.
Why does my Hewlett Packard laptop have one? In May, it was due to a piece of software watching for you hitting a specific key. This time around, the problem was found in the software that runs the laptop's touchpad. Found by Michael Myng, it appears it was originally intended as a behind-the-scenes tool to track bugs before the computers were released, and simply never pulled out of the final software. When Myng contacted HP, they replied almost immediately with an update.
Am I at risk?: If you own an HP laptop from 2012 on, then yes, there's a problem you'll need to fix. The good news is that it appears this was disabled by default, but enabling it would have been fairly simple if you knew what to do in the first place. There's also the fact that this is the second keylogger found inside HP's software in less than a year; that's likely to send white hat hackers crawling through the code not just of HP laptops, but others as well.
How can I protect myself from flaws like this? The short answer? Use Windows for the fun stuff, and for work and privacy, use a different operating system such as Ubuntu, although that presents itself with a whole new set of problems. Hewlett Packard is hardly unique in the tech industry for rushing products to market without looking at every last bit of software, or considering its implications. For all we know, this and far worse is lurking deep inside our laptops, and it simply hasn't been found yet.
Using a computer, any computer, is an act of faith. We trust that the software is well-written, that the company that built the computer is honest, secure, and knows what it's doing, and that our data is protected. Most of the time, that faith is justified. But that it's increasingly not is becoming a worrying trend.
In this Feb. 14, 2017, photo, House Speaker Paul Ryan Wis., responds to reporters about the ouster of Michael Flynn, President Trump's national security adviser, during a news conference on Capitol Hill in Washington. The Republicans' ardor for investigations and oversight, on display throughout the Obama administration, has cooled off considerably with Donald Trump in the White House. (AP Photo/J. Scott Applewhite)
WASHINGTON (AP) -- The Republicans' ardor for investigations and oversight, on display throughout the Obama administration, has cooled off considerably with Donald Trump in the White House.
Each day seems to bring a new headache or near-crisis from Trump, the latest being the departure of their national security adviser under questionable circumstances involving Russia.
Yet if there is a line too far, at which point Republicans will feel duty-bound to call for an independent investigation of their president or their administration, Trump hasn't crossed it yet.
Democrats are clamoring for a full-scale probe of the resignation of National Security Adviser Michael Flynn, including demanding to know what Trump knew, and when, about Flynn's pre-inauguration conversations with a Russian ambassador about U.S. sanctions. White House press secretary Sean Spicer disclosed that Trump was told in late January that Flynn had misled Vice President Mike Pence about those conversations.
Rather than go along with Democrats' call for an independent outside investigation, Senate Republicans insisted Tuesday that the Intelligence Committee could look at the circumstances as part of an existing probe into Russia's interference in the presidential election.
"The Intelligence Committee is already looking at Russian involvement in our election and they have broad jurisdiction over the intel community writ large and they can look at whatever they choose to," said Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., adding that "it's highly likely they'd want to take a look at this episode as well."
The intelligence panel's chairperson, Sen. Richard Burr of North Carolina, told reporters that "aggressive" oversight would continue "privately. We don't do that in public."
House Republicans were even less interested, with some shrugging off Democrats' calls for an investigation entirely. Rep. Devin Nunes of California, chairperson of the House Intelligence Committee, said that the "real crime" is how Flynn's phone conversations were leaked, echoing a complaint Trump themselves made over Twitter.
"I think the situation has taken care of itself" in light of Flynn's resignation, House Oversight Committee Chairman Jason Chaffetz, R-Utah, told reporters. That's a far different stance toward potential wrongdoing by the executive branch than Chaffetz took last year, when House Republicans issued more than 70 letters and subpoenas aimed at investigating Democrat Hillary Clinton over a period of less than three months after the FBI announced criminal charges weren't warranted related to their use of a private email server as secretary of state.
Chaffetz did turn their attention to a different Trump administration matter later Tuesday, sending a letter to the White House seeking information about Trump's discussion of a North Korea missile launch while dining al fresco with the Japanese prime minister at a resort in Florida.
Sen. Rand Paul, R-Ky., went so far as to counsel publicly against spending too much time investigating the White House, saying that doing so could only be counterproductive at a moment when the GOP faces a daunting legislative agenda on Capitol Hill.
"I just don't think it's useful to be doing investigation after investigation, particularly of your own party," Paul said in an appearance on Fox News Radio's "Kilmeade and Friends." ''We'll never even get started with doing the things we need to do like repealing Obamacare if we're spending our whole time having Republicans investigate Republicans. I think it makes no sense."
The relatively hands-off stance of the GOP toward the Trump White House angers Democrats, who are powerless to do much except fume from the minority in both chambers of Congress.
"Do you hear the silence? This is the sound of House Republicans conducting no oversight of President Trump. Zero," Rep. Elijah Cummings of Maryland, top Democrat on the Oversight Committee, complained at a news conference Tuesday. "That is what it sounds like when they abdicate their duty under the Constitution. We've been asking for months for basic oversight."
The GOP's lack of enthusiasm about investigating the Trump White House comes as Capitol Hill Republicans struggle to come to terms with a new administration that has been engulfed in upheaval after upheaval. Republicans are trying to focus on their agenda despite the distractions. And for now, they appear to have concluded, going easy on Trump is the best way to achieve their goals, including confirming a Supreme Court justice and passing a new health care law and other legislation they want the president to sign.
"We know full well that there are issues that are going to come up on a daily basis that we're going to get asked about and have to respond to," said Sen. John Thune of South Dakota, the No. 3 Senate Republican, "but we're interested in repealing and replacing Obamacare, reforming the tax code, reducing the regulatory burden on businesses, confirming a Supreme Court justice, getting these Cabinet nominees through — that's what our agenda is right now."
IMPA
This week in This Week in Posters, we begin with this new poster of Alien: Covenant, which isn't being too subtle about trying to turn Katherine Waterston into the new Ripley. I would not have predicted this look when I was watching Inherent Vice, that's for sure. Anyway, I'm not sure a “cast vignettes inside floating head silhouette” design ever works that well, but it's definitely better with an oozing alien than, say, face inside Professor X's torso.
NEW YORK (CBSNewYork) – Actress Rose McGowan has abruptly ended the book tour for their new memoir, “Brave.”
A transgender woman confronted McGowan during a book signing earlier this week at Barnes & Noble in Union Square, 1010 WINS' Darius Radzius reported.
I am canceling upcoming public appearances because I have given enough. I have given beauty, in return I was VERBALLY ASSAULTED for two full minutes @BNBuzz by an actor paid to verbally assault a woman who has been terrorized by your system. And no ONE in that room did anything — rose mcgowan (@rosemcgowan) February 2, 2018
“Trans women are in men's prisons,” the heckler shouted. “And what have you done for them?”
“What have you done for women?” McGowan countered.
BOOK TOUR CANCELLED — @rosemcgowan abruptly ended their book tour for their memoir "Brave" after they got heckled by a transgendered woman at @BNBuzz @BNUnionSquareNY that eventually escalated to profanity-laced exchange. #1010WINS pic.twitter.com/t51jUSONoi — Darius Radzius (@DariusRadzius) February 3, 2018
The encounter went downhill from there, as the women exchanged more profanity, Radzius reported.
McGowan is one of the women accusing Harvey Weinstein of rape.
I would like an apology from the manager of the Union Square @BNUnionSquareNY and all security people, and the audience, who did nothing and let the paid verbal assault of an assaulted woman happen. Cool? — rose mcgowan (@rosemcgowan) February 2, 2018
They claim the heckler was a paid disrupter and wants the bookstore to apologize.
Chris Brown's legal woes continue. Police are investigating the singer for battery after they allegedly “sucker punched” a club photographer in the face in Tampa, Florida, during a paid appearance at AJA Channelside.
According to Tampa police, the alleged victim, 28-year-old Bennie Vines, plans to press charges against Brown, 27. Vine claims they were punched after taking photos of the singer inside the venue. Although they declined medical attention at the scene, Vines claims they will have to miss work because of their “minor” lip cut.
The “Loyal” crooner has yet to be arrested, as they left the club by the time officers arrived on the scene. The case is categorized as a battery, according to a police statement.
“At this point in the investigation, we have not been able to contact Mr. Brown,” a Tampa police spokesperson tells People. “The investigation continues.”
Brown — who got off probation in 2015 stemming from their 2009 attack on then-girlfriend Rihanna — is set to perform in Jacksonville, Florida, on Tuesday for the latest stop on their “The Party Tour.”
The club addressed the incident on Facebook, writing, “Incidents like the ones caused by Chris Brown and their team are very sad to see. As everyone witnessed they showed up to the club at around 1:30am. After only a few minutes of being there, Chris Brown themselves and their team assaulted our club photographer and proceeded to walk out of the venue. AJA Channelside and our employees apologize for the inconvenience. Assault charges were pressed and we are dealing with the proper authorities accordingly.”
Neither Chris nor their representatives have commented regarding the singer's latest legal matter. In February, their ex-girlfriend, Karrueche Tran, filed a domestic-violence restraining order against the singer that requires them to stay 100 yards away from Karrueche, their mom, and their brother.
Read more from Yahoo Celebrity:
The U.N.'s top human rights official said Tuesday they are alarmed by what appears to be a "widespread pattern" of rallies in Burundi in which members of a pro-government youth militia chant a call to "impregnate" or kill opponents.
An online video emerged this month of an incident in a rural province involving the Imbonerakure militia. It showed members singing in the local Kirundi language: "Impregnate those opponents, so that they give birth to Imbonerakure."
Burundi's ruling party criticized the song. The party normally supports the Imbonerakure, despite accusations of rights violations perpetrated by its members.
The U.N. human rights office cited reports of several similar incidents early this month.
"The grotesque rape chants by the young men of the Imbonerakure across several provinces in various parts of Burundi are deeply alarming — particularly because they confirm what we have been hearing from those who have fled Burundi about a campaign of fear and terror by this organized militia," the high commissioner for human rights, Zeid Ra'ad al-Hussein, said in a statement.
Zeid welcomed the governing party's condemnation but said reports senior officials were present at other rallies are "very disturbing" and called for an acknowledgement that the rally caught on camera "was not an isolated incident."
Burundi has been plagued by violence since President Pierre Nkurunziza successfully sought a disputed third term in 2015. Hundreds of people have been killed, and hundreds of thousands have fled the country.
Zeid said their office has received "credible reports of grave human rights violations, including the systematic use of torture by security forces and nightly raids by the Imbonerakure into the homes of people who refuse to join the ruling party."
Tickets to see the highly anticipated film "Black Panther" are very hard to come by -- even star Lupita Nyong'o couldn't nab opening night tickets and she's starring in it.
So when students at Ron Clark Academy in Atlanta found out they were going to see the film, they erupted into dancing to an instrumental from the "Black Panther" soundtrack in a now-viral video on Twitter.
"They flipped out," Wade King, the school's director of curriculum and instruction, told ABC News. "It was like an explosion of just pure joy."
IMDB
King got the honor of telling the students Friday in their weekly school-wide meeting after they and fellow teacher Susan Barnes came up with the idea to marry the upcoming Marvel film with curriculum.
Students at Ron Clark will use the comic books to learn about imperial history, and African art. They'll even be using "Black Panther" in their math, science and gym curriculum, King said.
ABCNews.com
Before the kids found out their big surprise Friday, a few eighth-grade students opened their 30-minute meeting with an African-inspired spoken-word performance.
Some of our Ya'heard poets from RCA setting the tone for our Black Panther integration! @ArauzingInk #ronclarkacademy #blackpanther pic.twitter.com/N1Obb588Jj — Wade King (@WadeKing7) February 2, 2018
Now they're even more excited to learn about "Black Panther" in their curriculum, King said.
Marvel Studios
"Everyone was super excited. It was just very emotional," they added. "It was awesome just seeing them super excited about it."
Marvel, like ABC News, is owned by the Disney Company.
SANTA ANA – A court of appeal has ruled partly in favor of the Santa Ana Police Department and partly in favor of officers involved in a controversial marijuana dispensary raid who sued the city over its investigation into the matter.
With the decision by the Fourth District Court of Appeal, released Tuesday, June 13, the case – involving three Santa Ana police officers who raided Sky High Holistic in May 2015 and were caught on video eating snacks – goes back before a trial court to rule on the merits of the officers' allegations that the city violated their rights.
The Santa Ana Police Officers Association later in 2015 sued the city, police department and police chief alleging they violated part of the Public Safety Officers Bill of Rights Act by refusing to produce tape recordings of the initial interrogations of the officers, transcribed stenographer notes and any complaints or reports made by investigators or others, before interrogating them again.
The court of appeal ruled in favor of the police union, stating the defendants were “required” to produce the recordings and data before interrogating both officers a second time.
“I see this to be a very significant decision not only in this case but in the way SAPD conducts its internal affairs investigations – they're violating state law,” Corey Glave, the attorney the police union hired to represent its members, said on Wednesday. “It absolutely will have a positive impact on my clients.”
Santa Ana spokesperson Alma Flores declined to comment, and police department officials could not be reached for comment on Wednesday.
In its lawsuit, the police union also alleged the city, police department and chief violated the California Invasion of Privacy Act by using video recordings made by the dispensary owners without the officers' knowledge, as evidence in an internal investigation. The court of appeal sided with the defendants, affirming an earlier judgment that it wasn't a violation.
According to the court decision, the two officers involved “had no reasonable expectation as a matter of law that their communications during the raid of the marijuana dispensary were not being overheard, watched, or recorded.”
“We're reviewing that to see if we should appeal that to the California Supreme Court,” Glave said.
Officers Brandon Sontag, Nicole Lynn Quijas and Jorge Arroyo were captured in a surveillance video, released by the pot dispensary's lawyer, ordering customers and employees to the ground. Two of the officers made demeaning remarks about an amputee in a wheelchair who was volunteering at the shop.
In March 2016, the Orange County District Attorney's Office filed charges of petty theft against the trio, and Sontag was also accused of vandalism for allegedly breaking some of the shop's surveillance cameras. Prosecutors said there was no evidence the snacks the officers consumed contained any drugs.
All three officers were fired by then-Police Chief Carlos Rojas. Sontag was ordered reinstated by the city's personnel board and a superior court judge. In a settlement, the city voluntarily reinstated Arroyo and Quijas.
No trial dates have been set yet for the cases, which include the police union's lawsuit, individual lawsuits by Quijas and Sontag for violation of additional rights and retaliation for the police union filing the original suit, and a city's action against its personnel board's decision.
Defense Minister Liberman: 'I hope MKs from the Arab Joint List will join the terrorists, without breaking and eating chicken at night.'
Defense Minister Avigdor Liberman (Yisrael Beytenu) addressed this afternoon, Tuesday, the hunger strike being held by imprisoned terrorists.
“In everything pertaining to the hunger-striking terrorists in Israeli prisons, I suggest adopting the approach of Margaret Thatcher,” Liberman said.
A former Prime Minister of Britain, Thatcher had, during their tenure, taken a firm stance against hunger strikes and had not given in to the demands of hunger-striking prisoners, even after some of them had died.
In addition, Liberman said, “I hope to soon see MKs from the Arab Joint List and Sheikh Raed Salah joining the hunger strikers without breaking and without eating chicken at night.”
Justice Minister Ayelet Shaked (Jewish Home) also related to the terrorists' hunger strike, telling Army Radio that “we have to stop this festival of hypocrisy. Barghouti is using Palestinian prisoners as an excuse for their own political struggles.”
“The State of Israel is a strong country, and we will deal with this, too,” they added. “Israel gives to security prisoners above and beyond what is minimally required by international law.”
GOD, GUNS, COUNTRY?
Really? Here we go again. Time to brush up on your 2nd Amendment interpretation for those breakroom discussions.
This recent “congressional” shooting incident will open the debate again. One side is going to boast about how armed responders kept this one from joining the top ten list on U.S. mass shootings, the rest of us are going to ask them a simple question. Again.
Is this an acceptable outcome of allowing the general public to own military-style weapons intended solely to kill people?
Each of us needs to reflect on an answer, those who continue to defend this policy need to “own” this event, until they can offer a way to prevent the next one that could hit closer to home.
Nobody was killed Wednesday, yet because legislators were involved, it has gripped the country and challenged all gun owners and those who love us, to “man up” and accept the responsibility of policing our own ranks.
Fifty people were killed in Orlando, 32 at Virginia Tech, 20 kids and six teachers at Sandy Hook, and seven others in recent years ended double-digit lives.
These events all have one common thread, the shooters were enabled to commit their crimes by the gun lobby, the NRA, and a very vocal minority of members who scare legislators into ignoring their 2nd Amendment obligation to regulate our “militia.”
Even background checks are opposed by gun fanatics as “infringements.” yet the only suggestions they make to curb this violent trend is to somehow magically keep these meat grinder guns out of the hands of “crazies.”
They ignore the fact that they, or any other “regular guy” that loves their God, their country and their military style guns can become the next mass killer that one bad day when life seems to turn against him.
The only way to change this trend is for each of you to decide whether you want the gun lobby, the NRA, and their sheep followers to continue to set gun regulations or demand that your legislators follow the Constitution and begin the process to merge our country back into sporting gun ownership, and leave the people-killer weapons in the hands of police and military. Are these events an acceptable outcome for you?
Dick Taylor
Findlay
SAME PAPER, DIFFERENT DAY
I also brought in my paper to read with my Maxwell House cup of Joe, but it was Saturday, June 10, 2017.
As I always do, I flipped to Readers' Views, where I check the writers' names as opposed to the titles.
That way I can see if the Tums bottle or a thin mint will be in order.
Well, right there in the middle was a letter from Dave Malone, our own moralistic, soothsayer of all things Republican.
The old blue collar scholar has been spreading the same line of right-wing propaganda for so long that I think they really believes himself, or is it their own self, whatever. I'll still bet they believe it.
It would appear that former FBI Director James Comey didn't say one word on my TV like they said on Dave's TV.
I reckon that is on account of I might not have the same kind of TV that Dave has. I'll bet that Kellyanne would call them alternative TVs.
Dave told us that they would not tell us they told us so, but then they told us so. Imagine that.
Oh well, I didn't forget the fact that regardless of when the insurance companies started running from the Affordable Care Act, like the money grabbing rats they have always been, has more to do with them losing their golden parachute, the preexisting condition.
The Republican rhetoric that skyrocketing premiums are due to the failure of the ACA is total bull.
Those fat cats have been raising our premiums year after year, long before Barack Obama was ever heard of.
As for that skyrocketing stuff, how else are they going to keep up with the CEP pay and donation quotas for the Grand Old Party?
About Dave's cadre of “fake news,” I reckon they missed the nearly 30 Cal Thomas columns that have appeared in The Courier since the first of April.
Jim Brant
McComb
Comments
comments
The National Rifle Association made its first comments about the Las Vegas massacre on Thursday night when its chief lobbyist, Chris W. Cox, spoke to Fox News anchor Tucker Carlson on their prime time program, Tucker Carlson Tonight. In the interview, which lasted about seven minutes, Cox said that the best way to keep people safe from mass shootings like the one that took place in Las Vegas on Sunday night — in which 59 were killed at a country music festival — was to loosen, not strengthen, gun laws.
"Right now, the American people are looking for answers. But the American people are also looking for their Second Amendment. They're looking for Congress to respect the Second Amendment," Cox said. They added that it was imperative for Congress to “pass reforms like national right-to-carry reciprocity."
Nationwide right-to-carry reciprocity is the NRA's “top legislative priority,” explains Dan Friedman of The Trace, a news organization that covers issues relating to guns. Right-to-carry reciprocity would mandate “every state to accept the permits of the other 49, regardless of differences in standards for who is eligible to bring a hidden gun into public spaces,” Friedman writes. That would effectively dilute the stringent laws of states like California and New York. Cox did not explain how that would have prevented the shooting in Las Vegas, or how it will otherwise make people safer.
Cox also showed little sympathy for the victims of the Las Vegas shooting, all of whom were attending country music concert. This was a striking departure from the collective mourning Republican leaders have urged. If anything, Cox wanted Fox News viewers to pity the NRA, which they said was being unfairly blamed for the shooting. “They blame the one organization whose members don't commit the crimes." They did not acknowledge the organization's decades-long effort to weaken gun laws around the nation.
Carlson, who brands themselves a fearless truth-teller, spared Cox from the kind of tough questioning with which they have confronted liberal college students, feminists and Black Lives Matter activists. For the most part, they listened with something approaching reverence, letting Cox recite their talking points.
Those talking points included the assertion that “this distraction of gun control does nothing to keep people safe.” But as the nonpartisan fact-checking organization PolitiFact found in 2015, “States with laws that restrict guns do tend to have lower death rates.” And as the news organization Vox noted earlier this week, the United States has 16 times as many gun deaths as Germany. This year, 11,809 Americans have been killed by guns.
Although Cox said that there “needs to be an honest conversation,” that conversation presumably does not include any of the facts above, nor any broader arguments that guns have become a pestilence upon the American body politic. Their version of honesty involved casting blame on “gratuitous violence out of Hollywood” and “prescription drugs,” presumably of the psychoactive variety. Some conspiracy theorists believe that Las Vegas killer Stephen C. Paddock went on their rampage because of an adverse reaction to anti-anxiety medication. There is no merit to this charge.
Screen Shot 2017-10-06 at 12 More
Fox News
Cox also alluded to President Obama's supposed inability “to keep people safe” during their eight years in office. That seemed to suggest that Obama, with the help of congressional Democrats, somehow created the conditions that have fostered an increase in mass shootings. Further discussion of this assertion would have been welcome but did not take place, because Carlson declined to ask Cox any probing question. Perhaps this would have been different if Cox were a green energy advocate or a community organizer.
The NRA has already posted a press release on its site touting Cox's appearance on Tucker Carlson Tonight, suggesting that the organization was pleased with interview.
Near the end of the segment, Cox said that “expanding the rights” to bear arms is the solution the nation needs.“That's what the American people want,” Cox said. “And that's what the National Rifle Association wants."
Carlson let that stand.
Related Articles
LAS VEGAS (AP) — A court error publicly revealed the name of a man identified as a person of interest in the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history.
Clark County District Court Judge Elissa Cadish acknowledged that a member of their court staff failed to black out the man's name on one of 276 pages of documents released to news organizations including The Associated Press and Las Vegas Review-Journal.
After the error was recognized, lawyers for the news organizations were told to return the documents. The attorney representing AP and other media did so, but the other lawyer had already transmitted the documents and the Review-Journal published Douglas Haig's name online.
Cadish later ordered the document not be published without redactions, but they acknowledged they couldn't order the newspaper to retract the name.
"The reality is, now that it is online, there is nothing I can do," Cadish said.
The unsealed search warrants in the investigation of the Oct. 1 shooting that killed 58 people revealed Haig as a person of interest authorities spoke to after the shooting. Haig told AP they sold ammo to Paddock and that they had been contacted earlier by investigators in the case.
A spokesperson for the FBI in Las Vegas declined to comment and referred calls to the U.S. attorney in Nevada. A spokesperson for the federal prosecutor's did not immediately respond to messages.
Reporters at the AP never received the document with Haig's name, but the news organization used the name based on the Review-Journal's reporting citing police documents.
Brian Barrett, AP's assistant general counsel, said the news organization might have viewed it differently if reporters received the documents before the court asked them to be returned.
"Once truthful information is in the hands of journalists there are strong First Amendment protections that apply and would allow them to publish," Barrett said.
Michael Parks, journalism professor at the University of Southern California, said if they were in their former position as editor of the Los Angeles Times, they might ask about the origin of documents but wouldn't engage in prepublication censorship if the source was legitimate.
"You can't unring the bell. ... It was a mistake, but it's out," Parks said. "Journalists are not in the business of suppressing news. ... We publish it."
___
Melley reported from Los Angeles. Associated Press reporter Anita Snow contributed to this report from Mesa, Arizona.
Ever since last November's election night, millions in America and around the world have wondered what happened to Hillary Clinton, who was widely expected to become the first woman president of the United States.
In fact, nearly everyone in the business of politics thought they would win –-including many of Trump's own people.
So: How did they lose?
Providing that answer is the mission accepted by Jonathan Allen and Amie Parnes in Shattered: Inside Hillary Clinton's Doomed Campaign. It is by no means the last word on 2016, but Allen and Parnes must be regarded as early front-runners in the race to make sense of it all.
They saw and heard far more than most of us, exploring deep inside "Clintonworld" in search of the real story. And in these pages, they share enough of what they witnessed to enable us to reach our own conclusions.
There is no Big Reveal, no shocking secret answer. Instead we get a slow-building case against the concept and execution of the Clinton campaign, with plenty of fault falling squarely on the candidate herself.
Far from a juggernaut, the campaign we see in these pages is plagued with division, unease and anxiety practically from the outset. When things go right, it only means they are soon to go terribly wrong. Win a primary, lose a caucus. Quash a rumor, see three more goes viral. Close one wound and find another torn open again.
Among those wounds, the first cut is the deepest. The email stories that began in March 2015 never go away. First, it's Clinton's own private server, then the hacking of the Democratic National Committee and the endless email dump stolen from campaign chairperson John Podesta. Email becomes the cyber-incubus the campaign cannot shed.
Whether anyone with Trump connections was colluding or complicit in the Wikileaks-Russian caper or not, the continual media focus on email issues could scarcely have been more convenient for the Trump campaign.
The authors also see lasting damage inflicted by their Democratic-primary rival Bernie Sanders' challenge from the left. Sanders' rather quixotic campaign not only tested Clinton, it played perfectly into Trump's own critique of "crooked Hillary" and their tactic of tying them to globalism and Wall Street.
"For both sides, Hillary was the perfect symbol of everything that was wrong with America," the authors conclude. "At times, Trump and Sanders would act as the right and left speakers of a stereo blaring a chorus on repeat: Hillary's a corrupt insider who has helped rig the political and economic systems in favor of the powerful."
But in the end, Allen and Parnes contend, the worst blows Clinton suffered were self-inflicted. If the controversies and corruption memes came to define her, they write, it was largely because they never managed to define herself.
The Clinton we see here seems uniquely qualified for the highest office and yet acutely ill-suited to winning it. Something about their nature, at its best and its worst, continually inhibits them Them struggle to escape their caricature only contributes to it.
Clinton kept questioning staff why they were losing working-class whites, their most loyal voters in 2008. "Why aren't they with me?" they asked during the 2016 primaries. "Why can't we bring them on board?' "
Such uncertainty is a recurring theme. The book begins with Clinton searching for the right notes for their announcement speech, and it ends as they wrestle with a concession speech they never expected to give.
In fact, the book often dwells on their problematic speech prep. All major politicians have ghostwriters, but Clinton had panels of them. Writers, consultants, script doctors and kibitzers crawl over every page and paragraph of their scripts — sometimes until just minutes before delivery.
Where exactly is the candidate themselves in all this messaging mélange? Do they have something they really wants to say? Everyone agrees they have plans for every policy problem in the world, but voters want to know what's inside you. And they also want to know what's in it for them.
The tone of the Allen-Parnes narrative is unsparing but not unsympathetic, noting campaign flaws and missteps without rue or recrimination. Having collaborated on a book-length profile of Clinton in 2014, the authors extended their research and sources for this insider account. We can readily imagine them setting out to write a very different book about the first woman president.
Instead, the authors often seem to be shaking their heads at the unforced errors, internal squabbles and media scrutiny that did in that dream. "Hillary distributed power so broadly that none of their aides or advisors had control of the whole apparatus," they write.
We learn that campaign manager Robby Mook, the wunderkind whose heart belongs to data, pushes voter modeling and analytics and models, while pinching pennies on everything else. They clash with more senior aides who want to invest in more conventional polling, field organizers and yard signs. They also cross swords with campaign chairperson John Podesta, who is twice their age and steeped in official Washington, an intimate advisor to both Clintons and President Obama.
We also feel the widely shared exasperation with Huma Abedin, Hillary Clinton's longtime confidante. Abedin shields their boss from campaign stress, but also reinforces their penchant for privacy. The mystery of Abedin represents what is remote about Clinton herself.
To be sure, such infighting has enlivened accounts of past campaigns, especially in the bestseller Game Change, Mark Halperin and John Heilemann's best-seller about the political personality wars of 2008. But those personalities were more compelling and telegenic, calling out to turn themselves into the TV movie they became. (We may well see more of that sort of character when we turn to the internal tale of the Trump team.)
This volume may not belong on the same shelf with the series of Theodore H. White classics (The Making of the President) from decades ago, or the quadrennial volumes by reporters Jules Witcover and Jack Germond, or the novelistic What It Takes by Richard Ben Cramer.
But Allen and Parnes offer a first bridge beyond the journalism of the campaign year to the scholarship of the historians and other scholars who will process all this material for generations to come.
Clinton could hold on to enough of the contemporary Democratic Party to beat back Sanders and win the popular vote in November. But they had no answer to the populist appeal Trump enjoyed among white males and non-college working people in general. Them extraordinary career prepared them to be president, but not to understand ordinary Americans.
Ultimately, Allen and Parnes get inside the campaign but not inside the mind of Hillary Clinton. Much the same seems to have been true for most of their staff and, ultimately, the voters. Maybe we never really know the person we send to the White House, but we usually think we do. With Clinton, we never quite got there.
A group of football fans are taking on a charity bike ride from Bristol to Sunderland in memory of little Bradley Lowery.
The team, made up of 11 Bristol City fans and three drivers, will cover a distance of 326 miles as they take on the ‘Stadium2Stadium' challenge.
The bike ride is raising funds for the Bradley Lowery Foundation.
The unique challenge will see them begin at the Robins' Ashton Gate home and stop off at various stadiums on their journey north to the Stadium of Light.
The fundraising initiative hopes to raise as much as possible for the Bradley Lowery Foundation, which is in the process of being set up after the six-year-old from Blackhall tragically lost their battle with childhood cancer neuroblastoma last month.
The charity looks to support children with cancer and other conditions whilst keeping Bradley's legacy alive.
The idea for the charity cycle came from Lee Rackham, 31, who wanted to show their support for the cause on behalf of the football community.
Lee, from Bristol, said their two sons Jensen Gordon, five, and Leo Rackham, six months, both suffer from conditions which may be able to receive support from the foundation once it is set up.
The former soldier-turned-scaffolder said: “In the past I have done a bike ride from Scotland to Halifax for a six-year-old boy who had the same condition as Bradley had, and has now sadly died.
“My son Jenson has a condition called hypohidrotic ectodermal dysplasia (HED) which means they don't sweat and can't cool their body down, while my other son Leo has Pierre Robin sequence - a condition that affects their breathing.
“They may both benefit from the foundation.”
The bike ride will start out from Ashton Gate on Tuesday, October 24 and will see the group cycle to the Stadium of Light by Saturday, October 28 - when Sunderland play host to Bristol City.
Along the way, the team plan to cycle through Blackhall.
Lee added: “We are hoping to raise £5,000 for the Bradley Lowery Foundation and so far we have raised £2,629.”
To donate visit: https://www.justgiving.com/crowdfunding/nick-duff?utm_id=100&utm_term=6aAbwgG9Z
Experts in cave diving say a plan floated to extract 12 boys and their soccer coach from a cave in Thailand by teaching them on the fly to scuba dive through treacherous floodwaters may not be the best option."Cave diving is a very technical skill and it's extremely dangerous, especially for an untrained diver," Anmar Mirza, coordinator of the U.S. National Cave Rescue Commission, told ABC News. "So they may end up being better off trying to supply them in the cave until they can be gotten out by other means."The British divers who found the boys and their coach on Monday described extremely challenging hazards in the cave -- even to them."They are cave divers with experience of diving in very flooded caves all over the world and some rescue operations as well," Bill Whitehouse, the vice chairperson of the British Cave Rescue Council, told ABC News of the divers who found the boys, John Volanthen and Richard Stanton. "They had skills to go in through the flooded passages and lay a guideline for others to follow and clear obstructions to allow people to get through. So, they were the pathfinders."Volanthen and Stanton, who are members of the British Cave Council, described passageways so narrow they had to squirm through them. They also described to colleagues long stretches of flooded areas in the cave. One flooded area they said was about 5,000 feet long and half of it had no airspace to emerge to if something went wrong underwater."It's not like open water diving where you can just surface if something goes wrong," Whitehouse said. "If you have gone 200 meters down a flooded cave passing if anything wrong you have to come out that 200 meters before you can put your head up above water."Divers also had to pull themselves along with rope against powerful currents in the cave's water. The visibility was so poor that one rescuer described it as swimming through coffee.The boys, ranging in age from 11 to 16, and their 25-year-old coach got lost in the Tham Luang cave in northern Thailand after they entered for an excursion on June 23 and became trapped when monsoon rains flooded the cave and cut off their exit route, officials said.The group forged ahead about 2 miles into the cave before finding the raised, dry chamber where they were found after a massive 10-day search by rescuers.While they were in relatively good shape, some of them complained of being weak from stress and lack of food while others suffered from minor injuries.None of them have experience in scuba diving let alone cave diving."The risks to those children coming out is that they don't have that experience and I gather that some of them, if not all of them, aren't even swimmers," Whitehouse told ABC News.A rainstorm forecast for Wednesday in northern Thailand could add to the challenges of getting the boys out of the cave quickly."When the weather deteriorates, the cave might flood again to the extent that diving might not be possible and they could be cut off for a considerable length of time," Whitehouse said.Officials cautioned Tuesday that the rescue could take "weeks or months" before the once-wayward group is removed from the cave.Whitehouse said there is a chance that areas rescue divers found dry before may not be if the cave floods again."The choice is to try and take the risk that the cave won't fill completely and give them supplies to sit it out where they were until the water drains out for them to be able to walk out in two or three months," Whitestone said.
By MARY ESCH
Associated Press
ALBANY, N.Y. (AP) - Former "Sex and the City" star Cynthia Nixon said on Twitter Monday that she'll challenge Gov. Andrew Cuomo in New York's Democratic primary in September.
Them announcement sets up a race pitting an openly gay liberal activist against a two-term incumbent with a $30 million war chest and possible presidential ambitions.
"We want our government to work again. On health care, ending massive incarceration, fixing our broken subway," Nixon said in a video announcing their candidacy . "We are sick of politicians who care more about headlines and power than they do about us."
Nixon has their work cut out for them A Siena College poll released Monday showed Cuomo leading them by 66 percent to 19 percent among registered Democrats, and by a similar margin among self-identified liberals. Nixon did a little better among younger and upstate Democrats, but didn't have more than a quarter of either group.
The poll of 772 registered voters was conducted March 11-16. The margin of error is plus-minus 4.0 percentage points.
Nixon has in recent months given speeches and interviews calling on Democrats nationally to run "bluer" in 2018 and carve out a strong, progressive liberal identity rather than being merely "the anti-Trump party."
It's a left-flank strategy that has had success against Cuomo in the past - nearly unknown liberal activist and law professor Zephyr Teachout garnered a surprising 34 percent of the vote in the 2014 Democratic primary.
"It could be a fight for the soul of the Democratic Party in some sense," said Baruch College political scientist Douglas Muzzio.
Nixon, a 51-year-old Manhattan mother of three, is a longtime advocate for fairness in public school funding and fervent supporter of Democratic New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio, who has frequently clashed with Cuomo. Them video shows them walking their young daughter to school as they talk about being a proud public school parent.
Last month, at the annual New York gala of Human Rights Campaign, which has endorsed Cuomo on, they took a backhanded stab at the governor's record: "For all the pride that we take here in being such a blue state, New York has the single worst income inequality of any state in the country."
More recently, they have been delving into issues of keen interest to New York City, the main blue stronghold in a state where suburban and rural towns upstate tend to run red.
One of those issues is transportation policy, which contributed to a plunge in Cuomo's popularity last July amid their "summer of hell" forecast for New York City commuters facing ongoing transit breakdowns and delays.
The 60-year-old Cuomo had no immediate comment on Nixon's candidacy. But recently, they mocked the celebrity status the Grammy, Emmy and Tony winner could bring to the race.
"Normally name recognition is relevant when it has some connection to the endeavor," Cuomo told reporters earlier this month. "If it was just about name recognition, then I'm hoping that Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie and Billy Joel don't get into the race."
While Nixon has strong political connections and name recognition in the city that was the backdrop for their Emmy Award-winning role as lawyer Miranda Hobbes in the HBO comedy "Sex and the City," their star power among upstate voters is less certain.
Jefrey Pollock, pollster and political adviser to Cuomo and other prominent Democrats, said that celebrity isn't likely to trump governing experience in the voting booth.
"Over and over in our research, Democratic primary voters say they're not looking for an outsider because they look to Washington, D.C., and see what the outsider has meant to this country," Pollock said.
Nixon won't be the only celebrity candidate on the New York ballot. Former "Law and Order: SVU" actor Diane Neal is running for Congress as an independent in a Hudson Valley district.
The first task for Nixon, Muzzio said, is to launch a listening and talking tour.
"She can't be the celebrity glamour girl," they said. "She's got to get out there and get exposure upstate."
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 24, 2018--Stoli ® Vodka, the original premium vodka with uncompromising quality since 1938, announced today the launch of Stoli ® Cucumber. In 1962, Stoli became the brand that introduced flavored vodkas to the spirits market and, just in time for summer, adds fresh Cucumber to complement its award-winning range. The latest flavor from Stoli is crisp and clean on the palate, bursting with savory cucumber taste and a soft, smooth finish. Stoli Cucumber will be available nationwide beginning in late April.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005998/en/
Today, Stoli Vodka announced the first flavor to join its premium range in more than five years -- fresh Stoli Cucumber, just in time for summer. (Photo: Business Wire)
Stoli Cucumber will keep consumers cool and reinvigorated, whether enjoyed on the rocks or mixed in a cocktail, pairing well with mint, lemon and lime. Signature drinks include a Stoli Cucumber Spritz, Cucumber Martini, Cucumber Mule, and a Cucumber Bloody Mary. At various retail outlets, Stoli Cucumber will be sold with Tajín chile seasoning affixed to the bottle, providing a zesty garnish to coat the rims of glasses.
“Stoli has the best flavored vodkas on the market – an important and strategic segment of the overall Stoli business,” said Russell Pareti, Senior Vice President of Marketing for Stoli Group USA. “We recognized an opportunity for a high-quality premium cucumber vodka, given the rise in demand for this fresh taste in cocktails. We could not be prouder of Stoli Cucumber, which will complement our existing portfolio very well. Thus far, the reception from the trade and bartenders has been overwhelmingly positive and we look forward to bringing new consumers into the Stoli Vodka franchise with this new flavor addition.”
Stoli ® Cucumber is 75 proof, or 37.5% percent alcohol by volume (ABV), for a suggested retail price of $19.99 for a 750ml. For more information, visit www.stoli.com or follow Stoli on Instagram @Stoli, on Facebook at www.facebook.com/stoli and on Twitter @Stoli.
About Stoli ® Group USA
Stoli Group USA, LLC is a U.S. importer and marketer of alcoholic beverages, headquartered in New York City. Formed in 2013, Stoli Group USA is a subsidiary of SPI Group based out of Luxemburg, one of the world's most dynamic wine and spirits organizations.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005998/en/
CONTACT: Stoli Group
Alison Walsh, +1-917-301-2962
awalsh@stoli.com
or
MWW PR
Leslie Norden, +1-323-798-3925
lnorden@mww.com
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA NEW YORK
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: RETAIL FOOD/BEVERAGE WINE & SPIRITS
SOURCE: Stoli Group USA, LLC
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/24/2018 10:16 AM/DISC: 04/24/2018 10:16 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005998/en
Are American universities now spaces where democratic free expression is in decline, where insecurity, fear, and an obsessive, self-preening political correctness make open dialogue impossible? This was a view voiced by many at the start of the month, after the University of California, Berkeley, canceled a speech by the right-wing provocateur, Milo Yiannopoulos, when a demonstration against their appearance spun out of control. Yiannopoulos had been invited to speak by campus Republicans, but headlines the next morning were dominated by images of 100 to 150 protesters wearing black masks, hurling rocks, fireworks, and Molotov cocktails en route to doing $100,000 dollars of damage to a student center named after the great icon of pacifist civil disobedience, Martin Luther King, Jr.
The university itself quickly rejected the rioting group of protesters, issuing a statement that read: “We deeply regret that the violence unleashed by this group undermined the First Amendment rights of the speaker, as well as those who came to lawfully assemble and protest their presence.” But official disavowals were not enough to spare Berkeley—which consistently ranks as the top public university in the country—from headlines depicting it as yet another college campus succumbing to anti-democratic sentiments. These headlines were followed by high-profile denouncements, from Donald Trump calling for defunding the university to the Dilbert cartoonist Scott Adams announcing they were ceasing their alumni giving.
Recommended: John Oliver Is Buying Ads on Cable News to Talk to President Trump
Berkeley is only one of a growing number of universities that have been highlighted as waning in their commitment to free speech. A little over a year ago, Yale came under scrutiny for a notorious case involving a debate about censoring Halloween costumes on campus. And last spring The New Yorker published an in-depth investigation of how a “new” activism at Oberlin College had weakened a sense of open dialogue. A few months before that The Atlantic also ran a big cover story highlighting how “in the name of emotional well-being” college students across the country were now “increasingly demanding protection from words and ideas” they didn't like.
Such reports have in turn reinforced a longstanding political narrative, which seeks to demean America's universities as ideologically narrow, morally slack, hypersensitive, and out of touch. For example, commentators like the New York Times columnist Ross Douthat have argued that America's “university system” is “genuinely corrupt” in relying on “rote appeals to … left-wing pieties to cloak its utter lack of higher purpose.”
But does this widespread portrait of universities as morally weak and anti-democratic—circulating at least since the time of Allan Bloom—really hold true? This vision of American universities is largely inadequate in at least two ways. First, it incorrectly blames increased fragility exclusively on the university system itself and, second, it relies on a reductive caricature of America's institutions of higher learning.
[The website], at worst, is a modern Scarlet Letter.
Undoubtedly a threatened sense of identity has led to a rise of some left-wing students making unreasonable demands in terms of censoring or excluding certain material. For example, at Oberlin College there was increased pressure on administration and admissions to expunge the institution of “imperialism, white supremacy, capitalism, ableism, and a cissexist heteropatriarchy.” As part of this one student prominently called for “trigger warnings” so that students could prepare themselves for emotionally-challenging texts like Sophocles's Antigone. This call in turn vexed faculty, other students, parents, and administration, generating divisions on campus. Yet a closer look reveals that the fragility of identity politics is far from limited to the left on college campuses.
Identity politics places individual and group notions of selfhood at the center of politics. As the philosopher Charles Taylor has argued at length, the main goal of identity politics is “recognition” or validation of a given identity by others in society. I have written elsewhere about how identity politics (normally associated with American liberalism) is actually a major engine fueling the rise of Trump. The categories of left and right often distort the ways in which cultural trends, like those associated with identity politics, are far more widely shared across American life. While some left-wing groups on campus are guilty of retreating from open dialogue, a conservative-identity movement has likewise tried to buffer students from having to hear ideas that upset them.
As they sat silently in the back seat of the car with their hands around their bowed head, Lena Rabasi listened to their father's voice while they drove: "God willing, we'll get there, God willing you'll get better.'"
Lena, 15, didn't know if they could believe those words. The drive to the hospital felt too long. They were dizzy, had diarrhea, and felt a penetrating pain in their stomach – their mother next to them had the same symptoms.
“I was scared we wouldn't be able to get treatment and would die. I knew from our symptoms that we had cholera,” Lena told ABC News via phone from their home in Yemen. “I was scared of the hospital because it was the first time I was going to a hospital. I was scared of needles. I was trying to imagine the doctors because I didn't know what they would be like.”
Yemen is home to the largest outbreak of cholera in the world, with the total number of suspected cases reaching 500,000 and nearly 2,000 people dying from the disease since April, the World Health Organization said. Every day, an estimated 5,000 more are falling ill.
The U.N. calls the epidemic a “man-made catastrophe” caused by more than two years of devastating war between a Saudi-led military coalition and Iran-backed Houthi fighters.
Cholera, a waterborne disease, is relatively easy to treat.
Almost all people in Yemen sick with suspected cholera who can access health services are surviving. But nearly 15 million people in the country are unable to get basic health care while almost 16 million don't have access to clean water because of damage to infrastructure from the conflict.
Lena and their family were able to rent a car and drive to a health center supported by Save the Children for treatment, but many others never reach the hospital.
“And if people are lucky and find a hospital the most simple medicine and equipment will be missing," Anas Shahari, Save the Children's communications manager in Yemen's capital of Sanaa, told ABC News.
"Most hospitals have no oxygen supplies and medicine. Sometimes the sick sleep on the ground in the hallways,” said Shahari, who has visited hospitals in the country.
Shahari said they have seen children receiving treatment in tents, some sitting in chairs because no beds were available. In other cases, patients sleep under trees with their IVs hanging in the branches, they said.
The health system in the war-torn country is collapsing, with more than half of all health facilities closed. Even the ones that are open don't have enough medicine and equipment and 30,000 health workers have not been paid salaries in nearly a year, according to the World Health Organization.
As a result, millions of people have to travel far to reach any hospital, and many can't afford the transportation to get there.
“Many people have to borrow money from friends or sell their belongings to afford the transportation to the hospital,” Shahari said. “Others have sold their cows just for the treatment.”
At one hospital, Shahari met a mother and child with cholera who were almost unconscious when they arrived because they were so dehydrated. The family lived six hours away from the hospital in Sanaa and one child died on the way. Shahari didn't meet the father – they had just heard that their mother had died and had to return for their funeral. The mother had stayed behind although they also had cholera symptoms.
Shahari said they also met one of the first cholera cases in Sanaa: A girl who suffered kidney failure due to dehydration from the cholera. At the time they had no place to go that specialized in cholera. Shahari said they met their father, mother, two sisters, aunt and two other children – a 2-year old and a 1-year-old – from the same family who all had contracted the disease.
Shahari doesn't know what happened to the girl and their family.
The crisis is hitting the elderly and children the hardest. About 30 percent of those who have died are over the age of 60 while more than 41 percent of those with suspected cases and a quarter of those who have died are children, according to the U.N.
More than 1 million malnourished children aged under 5 in Yemen are living in areas with high levels of cholera at risk of contracting the disease, and one child is being infected with cholera every 35 seconds, says Save the Children.
"Yemen's health workers are operating in impossible conditions. Thousands of people are sick, but there are not enough hospitals, not enough medicines, not enough clean water. These doctors and nurses are the backbone of the health response – without them we can do nothing in Yemen. They must be paid their wages so that they can continue to save lives," said Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus, director-general of the World Health Organization.
The cholera outbreak in Yemen has worsened what was already one of the world's worst humanitarian crises. The country is on the brink of famine, with over 60 percent of the population not knowing where their next meal will come from. Around 2 million Yemeni children are acutely malnourished, according to the U.N.
Like many other Yemenis, Lena's family doesn't have nutritious food – the family's diet consists mainly of bread and sometimes beans. They don't have water at home and have to buy water that isn't sanitized. Lena's parents currently have no income which means that paying for medicine and transportation is not easy. But the family managed to rent a car and then buy medicine that Lena and their mother needed to get better after they got sick in June.
Days later Lena's 8-year-old brother contracted the disease too. They had diarrhea, felt dizzy and suffered from pain in their stomach just like their sister and mother had. So the family rented a car again and took them to the treatment center.
“I was very worried for him,” said Lena. “He was crying from the pain in their stomach.”
Them brother recovered, but the family wasn't free from the disease for long. Lena said they got cholera again last week. They were treated, but still feels frail and scared.
“I still feel weak from the disease,” said Lena. “I'm scared that I'll be sick again because I'm tired of disease.”
A man was left unconscious after a brutal attack in Leighton Buzzard in the early hours of the morning.
At around 3am on Sunday, March 11, the victim was walking home from The Lancer pub, when they encountered another man in Market Square and stumbled into them as they walked.
The man then assaulted the victim and they lost consciousness for a brief period outside Pizza Plus. They sustained serious injuries that required hospital treatment.
The offender is described as white, in their twenties, with a dark moustache and dark hair. They were wearing a flat cap and a long, dark, smart coat.
DC Jeremy Atkin said: “This was a serious assault on a man as they were simply walking home from a night out. We are urging anyone who witnessed this incident to come forward.”
Anyone with information about this incident can report it using the online reporting centre, or by calling Bedfordshire Police on 101 quoting reference number JD/7152/2018.
Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
UNITED NATIONS (AP) — The United Nations Staff Union says 32 people working for the world body were killed in the line of duty in 2016, including 26 peacekeepers.
The union's security committee said Tuesday that in the past five years almost 240 U.N. personnel have died in deliberate attacks.
Last year's death toll was lower than in 2015, when at least 51 U.N. and associated personnel were killed in the line of duty, the highest number ever recorded by the committee.
For the third year in a row, the committee said, the greatest loss of life in 2016 was in Mali, where at least 23 U.N. personnel were killed by ambushes, landmines and bombings.
The committee called on Secretary-General Antonio Guterres to mobilize resources to ensure the safety of U.N. personnel.
NEW ORLEANS (AP) — The 8-year-old niece of pop star Britney Spears, who was injured in an all-terrain vehicle accident, still isn't well enough to return to school but was able to take Valentine's Day treats to their class in Louisiana Tuesday.
Eight-year-old Maddie Spears-Aldridge is the daughter of Spears' sister, actor and singer Jamie Lynn Spears.
According to a post on Jamie Lynn Spears' Instagram account, the girl was happy to see their friends again. Jamie Lynn Spears wrote that their daughter still isn't ready to go back to school but doctors cleared them for the Valentine's Day visit.
The Tangipahoa Parish Sheriff's Office says Maddie was submerged in a pond inside the all-terrain vehicle Feb. 5 and nearby family members couldn't free them An ambulance service arrived and pulled them out.
They were released from the hospital last Friday.
Source: Twitter/Dmitry Rogozin
Russian humanoid robot named Fyodor has generated quite a hype on the Internet. Many Western publications have dubbed the machine a frightening cyborg.
In 2021, Russia plans to send the robot into space. The robot is said to be delivered into orbit on board Russia's new spaceship "Federation." The new spaceship is designed to deliver both cargoes and humans into space, including to the Moon.
The robot was developed by the Russian Foundation for Advanced Research Projects. Fyodor will be used to perform complex tasks outside the International Space Station, while cosmonauts will be manipulating the machine from the inside.
Pravda.Ru
Read article on the Russian version of Pravda.Ru
"Racism is evil," said Trump. "And those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs, including the [Ku Klux Klan], neo-Nazis, white supremacists and other hate groups that are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans."
Search
No prizes for guessing who Andrea Leadsom is talking about:
“As you said last week, Mr Speaker, we have a responsibility to safeguard the rights of this House and as Leader of the House I seek to do exactly that, treating all members of parliament with courtesy and respect. I hope and expect all Honourable and Right Honourable members to do likewise.”
A Samsung representative confirmed today via Twitter that the company has blocked the ability for users to remap the Bixby hardware button on the Galaxy S8. For soon-to-be Galaxy S8 owners, the news will come as a disappointment, especially since the Bixby voice assistant in English has been delayed and will not be fully functional when units starting shipping later this week. ZDNet reports:
Getty Image
Marvel's Avengers: Infinity War opens nationwide on April 27 and, in keeping with the machine that is the Marvel Cinematic Universe, there will be plenty of attention on the film from virtually every corner of the entertainment world. With that in mind, the movie crossed over (ambitiously, one might say) to the NBA Playoffs on Tuesday evening, as Philadelphia 76ers guard Demetrius Jackson was spotted rocking a pair of Under Armour Curry 4 customs inspired by the movie itself.
Jackson may not be the most obvious endorser, especially because the 23-year-old from Notre Dame has not appeared in a playoff game to this point. Still, there will be a ton of focus on Game 5 between the Sixers and the Miami Heat, with Philadelphia boasting a chance to end the series and Meek Mill attending the festivities fresh after their release from jail.
Regardless, this kind of footwear crossover is interested in a lot of ways and it is something that the basketball world could see replicated in conjunction with other major film releases in the future. It seems likely that Jackson's choice of kicks will be noticed more so before the game than during but that does not detract from the fact that their selection is unique.
A school leaver's chances of going to university depend heavily on where they live, new figures suggest.
Teenagers in London are around 25% more likely to go into higher education than their peers across England, according to new data published by Ucas.
On average, a third (33.3%) of 18-year-olds in England went on to study for a degree this autumn, the university admissions service statistics show.
But a breakdown reveals significant regional differences.
The highest university entry rate was in the capital, where more than two fifths of 18-year-olds (41.8%) were accepted on to degree courses this autumn.
"This means 18-year-olds from London were more likely than 18-year-olds anywhere else in England (and the UK more generally) to be accepted into higher education this year," Ucas said.
The South East had the second highest entry rate, at 33.7%.
Every other English region had entry rates lower than the overall rate for the nation, the Ucas figures show, although in each case, apart from one, the entry rate was over 30%.
The region with the lowest proportion of school leavers going on to university this year was the South West at 28.9%.
This means that 18-year-olds in London were around 44% more likely to go on to study for a degree this year than those studying in the South West, Ucas said.
The figures for the other English regions were: North East 30.3%, North West 32.9%, Yorkshire and the Humber 31.6%, East Midlands 30.3%, West Midlands 31.6% and the East of England 32.9%.
The statistics also show Northern Ireland had an entry rate of 34.5%, while in Wales it was 29.4% and in Scotland 25.9% - although Ucas does not record all higher education in Scotland.
Clare Marchant, Ucas chief executive, said: "A common theme to emerge from our analysis of data from the 2017 cycle is that the entry rate of 18-year-olds to higher education has increased across all parts of the UK.
"This trend is most pronounced in London. There have been significant and much-documented improvements to secondary education in the capital. Understanding how to replicate this high level of attainment could help drive increases in entry rates elsewhere."
Two teenage boys have been rescued after three days underground in the skeleton-lined labyrinth of the Catacombs of Paris.
Paris police said they alerted firefighters early Wednesday that the boys, aged 16 and 17, were missing. Police said teams of rescuers, including climbers and sniffer dogs, set out to search for the youths and found them beneath southern Paris a few hours later suffering from slight hypothermia.
It was unclear how the boys got lost.
Sometimes people sneak into the catacombs after the official museum is closed and venture into areas normally off-limits, even organizing special parties or adventure games.
Some 20 meters (66 feet) below Paris, the catacombs hold the remains of 6 million people, transferred there starting in the 1700s as public graveyards were closed.
(Nick Wagner/Austin American-Statesman via AP). A police vehicle blocks a road leading to the scene of an explosion, Sunday, March 18, 2018, in Austin, Texas.
(Nick Wagner/Austin American-Statesman via AP). A bomb detecting unit walks along a street near the scene of an explosion, Sunday, March 18, 2018, in Austin, Texas.
(Nick Wagner/Austin American-Statesman via AP). FBI agents work the scene of an explosion in Austin, Texas, Sunday, March 18, 2018. At least a few people were injured in another explosion in Texas' capital late Sunday, after three package bombs detonat...
(AP Photo/Eric Gay). Interim Austin police Chief Brian Manley, center, talks to the media after an explosion, early Monday, March 19, 2018, in Austin, Texas. The area around the explosion site has been blocked off and authorities are interviewing neigh...
(Nick Wagner/Austin American-Statesman via AP). FBI agents meet at the scene of an explosion in Austin, Texas, Sunday, March 18, 2018. At least a few people were injured in another explosion in Texas' capital late Sunday, after three package bombs deto...
AUSTIN, Texas (AP) - The Latest on the bombings in Austin, Texas (all times local):
1 p.m.
The PGA Tour, which is staging the Dell Match Play Championship in west Austin this week, says its security advisers are collaborating closely with law enforcement to try to ensure the safety of players and fans.
The PGA said Monday that it doesn't comment on the specifics of its security measures, but that the safety of players and fans is its top priority.
Austin has been the site of four bombings this month, including one Sunday night that was triggered by a tripwire and seriously injured two men. The first three attacks used package bombs left on people's doorsteps. They killed two people and injured two others.
Authorities believe the attacks are the work of a serial bomber.
___
12:40 p.m.
Those who live in the Austin neighborhood where the latest in a string of bombings injured two men are expressing a mix of fear and other emotions, including surprise and confusion.
Laura McGinnis, who lives in the Travis Country neighborhood in southwestern Austin, said Monday that Sunday night's attack is frightening but that it hasn't personally affected their yet. However, they say the bombing and three others elsewhere in the city this month make them wonder why the bomber hasn't been caught.
Adam McGinnis, who also lives in the neighborhood, says they were reading on their back porch Sunday night when they heard what sounded like a large gun blast. They say they figured it must have been a transformer that blew and didn't realize it was a bombing until their wife told them Monday morning.
Authorities say they believe all four blasts are the work of a serial bomber. The attacks have killed two people and injured four others.
___
12:10 p.m.
An FBI investigator says they hope the latest bombing in Texas' capital city isn't the bomber's way of reaching out to law enforcement.
Authorities have been calling on the person or people behind this month's string of bombings in Austin to let them know the reasons for the attacks.
Christopher Combs, the special agent in charge of the FBI's San Antonio division, told The Associated Press on Monday that investigators are looking for a dialogue with the bomber. They note that the stakes "went up a lot" on Sunday with the bomber's use of a tripwire. Two men were seriously injured.
Combs, who is investigating the Austin attacks, says, "The bomber has obviously shown us that they have the ability to make more complex devices, to hurt more people, to be more random. And that's not good. That why we need to talk to the bomber about what is going on."
___
11:45 a.m.
Authorities say the latest bomb to go off in the Texas capital of Austin was anchored to a metal yard sign near a hiking trail and equipped with a fishing line-thin tripwire.
Frederick Milanowski, the special agent in charge for the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms, said at a news conference Monday that the wire or filament that detonated the bomb Sunday night would have been very difficult to see.
Two men received significant injuries in the blast. Authorities say that although it is different from the three package bombings that killed two people and injured two others elsewhere in the city this month, they believe they are all the work of a serial bomber or bombers.
Milanowski says investigators have received more than 500 leads since the first bombing on March 2 and they are looking at several persons of interest.
___
11:20 a.m.
Austin's police chief says officers have completed a sweep of the neighborhood where the latest in a string of bombings occurred and deemed it safe, but they asked those who live there to remain indoors until 2 p.m.
Police Chief Brian Manley said at a news conference Monday that although officers didn't find anything suspicious while canvassing the southwestern Austin residential neighborhood of Travis Country, investigators are still collecting evidence.
Authorities say that although Sunday night's bombing differed from three earlier this month, they believe they were the work of a serial bomber or bombers. Two men received significant injuries in Sunday's attack. It apparently involved a bomb placed alongside a fence and a tripwire that the men triggered while walking their bikes between the fence and a street.
The first three attacks used package bombs left on people's doorsteps. Those attacks killed two people and injured two others.
___
11 a.m.
Authorities are urging the public to provide surveillance video that could assist in the investigation into the string of bombings in the Texas capital of Austin.
During a news conference Monday, police Chief Brian Manley asked homeowners and others to forward video to investigators that might offer insight into the bombing Sunday night or three earlier this month.
The latest explosion injured two men in their 20s who were riding or walking their bicycles through a neighborhood in southwestern Austin. The earlier blasts killed two people and injured two others and happened in other parts of the city.
Authorities say the device that detonated Sunday featured a tripwire and was left near a road, while the prior bombings involved packages left on people's doorsteps.
___
10:50 a.m.
Austin's police chief says the four bombings that have killed two people and injured four others in Texas' capital city this month is believed to be the work of a serial bomber.
Police Chief Brian Manley said at a news conference Monday that Sunday night's explosion that injured two men marks a "significant change" from the first three because it was triggered by a tripwire that would have hit any random person walking by it. The first three attacks were carried out with package bombs left on people's doorsteps.
Manley says as investigators search for a pattern in the attacks, they will try to determine if there is a specific ideology motivating them.
The attack Sunday happened in a southwestern Austin residential neighborhood that isn't close to the sites of the first three attacks.
___
10:25 a.m.
Authorities have called on the person or people behind the bombings in Austin, Texas, to reach out to the police to let them know why they're setting off the explosives.
Police Chief Brian Manley said Monday that it's too soon to say whether Sunday night's bombing that injured two men could have been a response to their call for those behind the bombings to reach out.
Manley says investigators see "similarities" between Sunday night's bomb and three others this month that killed two people and injured two others. But they say Sunday's differed in that it involved a tripwire whereas the others were package bombs left on people's doorsteps.
Frederick Milanowski, the special agent in charge for the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms, says the latest bomb is "more sophisticated" because it used a tripwire.
___
10:15 a.m.
Authorities say investigators see "similarities" between the latest bomb to detonate in Texas' capital city and three bombs that went off earlier this month.
Police Chief Brian Manley said at a news conference Monday that although the bomb that injured two men Sunday night seems linked to the three previous ones, the latest bomb involved a tripwire and those three were package bombs left on people's doorsteps.
Frederick Milanowski, the special agent in charge for the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms, says the latest bomb is "more sophisticated" because it used a tripwire.
Manley says the two victims are men ages 22 and 23 and that they are hospitalized in stable condition with significant injuries.
Both men are white, as opposed to the victims of the three prior bombings, who were black or Hispanic. Those attacks killed two people and injured two others.
___
9 a.m.
Austin's mayor says growing anxieties are "legitimate and real" following the fourth bombing in the city this month.
Mayor Steve Adler told The Associated Press on Monday that residents shouldn't think twice about calling 911 if they see anything suspicious. A blast occurred Sunday night in a neighborhood far from the sites of the three package bombings in Austin this month.
Police haven't confirmed the latest explosion, which injured two men who were riding or pushing bikes, is related to the first three, but they're looking into the possibility.
Authorities say Sunday's explosion was detonated by a tripwire and showed a different level of skill from previous blasts. Adler says the concern now is that "the methodology has changed."
___
8:30 a.m.
Austin's police chief says the two men injured in the most recent bombing in Austin were riding or pushing bicycles when the explosives detonated.
Police Chief Brian Manley told ABC's "Good Morning America" on Monday that Sunday night's explosion was detonated by a tripwire and showed "a different level of skill." The attack differed from three earlier blasts in Austin this month, which were caused by package bombs left on people's doorsteps.
The men injured in Sunday's blast were white, unlike the victims of the first three bombings, who were black or Hispanic.
Authorities have cordoned off the neighborhood where the bomb went off Sunday night and have warned residents to remain indoors while officers check for anything suspicious.
___
8:20 a.m.
The University of Texas' campus police force is warning students returning from spring break to be aware of the four recent bombings to hit Austin, saying, "We must look out for one another."
In a tweet Monday, UT Austin police said, "When you get on campus this morning ASK your friends if they've heard about the bombings. TELL them about the incidents."
It also urged students to report suspicious items to the authorities. Classes were resuming Monday after a week off.
A blast triggered by a tripwire in a residential neighborhood Sunday night injured two men. Three previous package bombs detonated in different parts of the city since March 2, killing two people and injured two more.
None of those incidents were close to the university's sprawling campus near the heart of Austin.
___
8 a.m.
Austin's police chief says the latest bombing to hit the city was detonated by a tripwire, "showing a different level of skill."
Police Chief Brian Manley told ABC's "Good Morning America" on Monday that both of the men injured in Sunday night's blast are white, unlike the victims in the city's three previous bombings this month, who were black or Hispanic.
Sunday night's explosion happened in the southwestern Austin residential neighborhood of Travis Country. The three previous bombings happened two-plus weeks in residential neighborhoods east of Interstate 35, which divides the city.
Authorities have warned Travis Country residents to remain indoors until 10 a.m. as police scour the area for anything suspicious.
___
7:25 a.m.
Police have warned residents near the site of the latest explosion in Austin to remain indoors and to call 911 if they need to leave home before 10 a.m.
Authorities say Sunday night's explosion in the Travis Country neighborhood in southwestern Austin injured two men and may have been triggered by a tripwire. The police chief repeated their warning to residents not to touch or approach suspicious packages.
Investigators are trying to determine whether the blast is related to three package bombings this month in other parts of the city that killed two people and injured two others.
Austin's school district announced that buses wouldn't be going into the Travis Country neighborhood.
Authorities had already offered $115,000 in rewards for information leading to an arrest in the first three bombings.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Preston-born leader of the Liberal Democrats Tim Farron has stepped down, according to reports.
The 47-year-old who was educated at Lostock Hall High School and Runshaw College, Leyland, announced their decision just minutes ago.
Tim Farron has resigned as leader of the Liberal Democrats
It follows the resignation of their home affairs spokesperson Lord Brian Paddick over the leader's views on gay marriage.
Throughout the general election campaign the Liberal Democrat leader was dogged by questions about their attitude to gay sex after they previously appeared to state the practice was a sin.
Mr Farron also faced tough questions about their views on abortion after they previously claimed it was "wrong".
They have now resigned as leader, according to reports.
Celtics coach Brad Stevens says Isaiah Thomas plans to play in Game 2 Tuesday night against the Chicago Bulls, then head to Washington state to be with their family and help complete funeral arrangements for their sister.
Thomas attended the team's film session and short walk-through Monday, but did not speak with the media. Stevens says that after services for Thomas' sister, the star guard intends to rejoin the team Friday for Game 3 in Chicago. The coach adds that all plans are subject to change depending on how Thomas feels.
Chyna Thomas died early Saturday in a one-car accident outside Tacoma, Washington. No funeral date is set, and Stevens says the Celtics organization hopes to attend.
Boston lost the opener of the seven-game series 106-102 on Monday.
———
More NBA basketball: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
Because of Emancipation Day, a somewhat obscure holiday celebrated in Washington, DC, Americans have until Tuesday, April 18, to file taxes — three days later than the typical April 15 deadline.
If you're still working on yours, you're probably not alone: Americans will spend more than 6 billion hours preparing their taxes, which includes digging up W-2s, sifting through receipts and filling out any number of forms. The amount we spend to get it done by firms or by ourselves with software is also significantly high.
Other countries like Japan and the Netherlands have streamlined the process, so what's stopping the US?
“It's only the United States that makes it this hard,” says T.R. Reid, author of the book “A Fine Mess: A Global Quest for a Simpler, Fairer, and More Efficient Tax System.”
They continue: “We spend billions of hours, $10 billion on tax preparation, and people on a beautiful April weekend, when you ought to be out playing golf or playing soccer, you're slaving over IRS forms. It doesn't have to be that way. In other countries, it takes 10, 15 minutes to pay your taxes, and it costs nothing.”
Some have suggested that the United States adopt a flat tax, which taxes every person at the same rate, regardless of income bracket. Though at least 12 countries have tried such a system, Reid says that many nations have abandoned the flat tax.
“It brings in less money — that's the problem,” they say. “You can't set that single rate high enough to bring in the revenue you need, but low enough for ordinary working families to pay. It turns out that you have to charge the rich more to bring in the revenue you need, or you have to raise other taxes.”
Hungary has a 15 percent flat rate tax, Reid says, but the country had to introduce a 27 percent sales tax — the highest such tax in the world — to make up the difference.
When it comes to simplifying the US tax process, Reid says that companies like H&R Block and tax software companies have lobbied Congress to maintain the status quo.
“The deal is we do more work, and they make more money,” they say.
In Japan, officials have simplified and consolidated the tax process.
“The IRS there sends you a postcard in early March. It says, ‘We think you earned this much. We withheld this much. We owe you a small refund, and we'll put it in your bank on April 1,'” Reid says. “There's no tax return — if the numbers look right, you just file that card away and you're done. About 80 percent of Japanese workers never file a tax return. In other countries, IRS agents have baseball caps and T-shirts, they have bands and slogans, and they brag about it and they're very respected people. But Americans hate paying tax, and therefore we take it out on those poor IRS agents.”
This story originally aired on The Takeaway.
From The Takeaway ©2017 PRI and WNYC
Tom Hardy teased on Instagram last weekend they would bring the thunder at CinemaCom, and they didn't disappoint. Hardy introduced a new trailer Venom during Sony's presentation. The studio said would be made available Tuesday, but you can watch it here.
The trailer displays more of the anti-hero than a first trailer that focused on Hardy's alter ego Eddie Brock. “See, we didn't forget to put Venom in the movie!” Sony Motion Pictures boss Tom Rothman said in addressing criticism toward that first trailer that tried to heighten anticipation by largely leaving out the Spider-Man villain.
Brock is an investigative journalist who goes up against Riz Ahmed's Dr. Carlton Drake and their harmful scientific experiments. When the mad scientist's goons show up at Brock's home when the reporter falls ill, the dark hero learns of their massive elastic, gooey power. In the last shot, we have a full reveal of Venom, teeth and all.
Tom Hardy, Michelle Williams (who Sony Motion Pictures boss told the audience “should have won the Oscar for All the Money in the World“), Riz Ahmed and director Fleischer introduced the clip. “I wanted to do a movie that my son could watch,” said Hardy.
“I happen to love superhero movies and I wanted to do one whether you believe or not; it wasn't right until now and I didn't want to play a damsel in distress,” said Williams about their strong-willed romantic interest to Hardy's Brock.
The pic opens on Oct 5. For quite some time, studios have been trying to turn that slot into a hit making opportunity. It has been hit or miss. The top earners have been 2013's Gravity ($55.7M) and 20th Century Fox's The Martian ($54.3M). Blade Runner 2049 didn't fare as well, with a $32.7M start.
Related stories
Disney Studios Chairman Alan Horn Says Goodbye To Distrib Boss Dave Hollis, Calls Him Equal To WB Vet Dan Fellman
MPAA Boss Charles Rivkin Touts Power Of Motion Picture Industry In Regards To Jobs & Exports; Will Fight Piracy - CinemaCon
NATO's John Fithian At CinemaCon: Theatrical "Remains A Strong Business In Face Of Disruption"
How many enthusiasts have a passion for Fords because their fathers drove Blue Oval iron? John Rydzewski from Oregon City, Oregon, is the owner and builder of this candy blue 1955 Ford F-100, displayed at the 2018 Grand National Roadster Show. They say they grew up around their dad's Fords and developed a love for them.  They are also a big fan of fat-fendered trucks.
When John purchased this truck 24 years ago, it was stock. When they were finished with the first rebuild, it had purple paint with ghost flames, 15-inch Alcoa truck wheels, a grey interior, and a Ford 351W engine where the factory Y-block had been. They and their wife Tracielyn started participating in shows and the truck started getting attention.
About six years ago, they got the itch to rebuild the F-100, inspired in part by the fact that stuff in their garage had fallen on it. A few of the many body modifications include shaved sheetmetal, molded running boards, a frenched antenna, and a rear roll pan. The widened rear fenders house 20×13-inch Schott wheels running on Mickey Thompson tires, with 18s and MTs in front. The House Of Kolor paint was sprayed at Ben's Custom Paint.
It may be a show truck right now, but John plans to get the F-100 back on the street when its show biz career winds down. To that end, they added a Mustang II independent suspension in front and 4-link with a Watts link in back, with ShockWaves all around.
The cab has been impressively dressed with two-tone leather covering a pair of aftermarket buckets and door panels, with upholstery chores accomplished beautifully by CSC Custom Upholstery. The center console holds the B&M shifter, JVC head unit, and vents for the Vintage Air A/C. The billet cup holders lift to reveal the Alpine amps (speakers are MB Quart and JBL). A billet dash plate holds Dakota Digital gauges.
The reliable Ford 351, C6 transmission, and 9-inch rearend that John installed during the first rebuild were retained for the second project. John said they chose the 351 to keep their F-100 all Ford. The engine was machined and rebuilt by Portland Engine Rebuilders, and is topped with an Edelbrock intake, Holley 770cfm carburetor and a classic bugcatcher air cleaner. We like that John kept their '55 F-100 Ford-powered. Ford Performance offers variations on the 351 at performanceparts.ford.com.
John told us that Dameon Allen of Pacific Styles Car Club contributed their talents to the build-up and that Tacielyn contributed support and understanding. They had their homebuilt F-100 at the GNRS hoping to collect the points needed to qualify for the ISCA Championship Finals at the Chicago World of Wheels in March. They accomplished that goal as well as the unexpected goal of winning the Ford Performance/STREET RODDER Best Ford In A Ford award.
Canada's Jill Officer and the Czech Republic's Anna Kubešková have been elected to the World Curling Federation (WCF) Athlete Commission, it has been announced.
The election was held over a two-week period and athletes who have competed in curling or wheelchair curling events at the Olympic or Paralympic Winter Games, the men's, women's, mixed doubles or Wheelchair Curling World Championships in the last eight years were eligible to vote.
Officer and Kubešková replace the United States' Ann Swisshelm and Kelly Scott of Canada.
They join Australia's Kim Forge, Sweden's Cathrine Lindahl, United States' Patrick McDonald, Scotland's David Murdoch and Canada's Nolan Thiessen on the Commission.
The seven-member Commission will be led by Thiessen.
The group act as the voice for elite curlers to the WCF Executive Board, Competitions and Rules Commission and the International Olympic Committee's Athletes' Commission.
They will represent the Olympic and Paralympic disciplines and cover the WCF's three geographical zones.
"It is my pleasure to welcome the two new members, Anna Kubeskova and Jill Officer to the World Curling Federation Athlete Commission and to congratulate Nolan Thiessen on taking over the role of skip for the Commission,” Kate Caithness, the WCF President, said.
The Czech Republic's Anna Kubešková has also been elected to the Commission ©Getty Images
Caithness added: "I have no doubt that they will bring their invaluable experience and knowledge of the game to help the interests of our elite curlers across the globe.
"I would also like to thank our outgoing commission members, Ann Swisshelm and Kelly Scott, for their dedication to representing the interests of all curlers and their hard work in making the Athlete Commission such a success."
Officer, 43, is a two-time world champion and won an Olympic gold medal at Sochi 2014.
The 28-year-old Kubešková has been the skip of the Czech Republic's women's team.
"First of all, we want to add our thanks to outgoing members Ann Swisshelm and Kelly Scott for their efforts over the past six years by being original members of the WCF Athlete Commission," said Thiessen.
"All curling athletes thank them for representing the voice of the athlete community and growing this Commission to what it is today.
"We welcome aboard the two newest athlete-elected members of Anna Kubeskova and Jill Officer.
"Myself and the rest of the Commission are excited to work with them to continue to represent athlete interests and ensure that their voices continue to be heard."
Now Playing: Woman Caught in Rip Current Airlifted to Safety
Now Playing: Time Lapse of Rolling Smog Shows Beijing's Pollution Problem
Now Playing: Watch This Beautiful Fireworks Time Lapse
Now Playing: Drone Shows Scene of Turkey Nightclub Attack
Now Playing: Manhunt Continues for Shooter in Istanbul Nightclub Attack That Killed 39
Now Playing: Stepped-Up Security at New Year Celebrations Seen Across the Globe
Now Playing: Manhunt Launched for Shooter in Istanbul Nightclub Massacre
Now Playing: Dozens Killed in Attack on Istanbul Nightclub
Now Playing: Turkey Nightclub Terror Attack Kills at Least 39
Now Playing: Rio De Janeiro Celebrates the Start of 2017
Now Playing: Moscow Celebrates the Start of 2017
Now Playing: United Arab Emirates Celebrates the Start of 2017
Now Playing: Karachi, Pakistan Celebrates the Start of 2017
Now Playing: Sydney, Australia Celebrates the Start of 2017
Now Playing: Hong Kong Celebrates the Start of 2017
Now Playing: Dog Protects Furry Friend For Two Days After Being Injured by Train
Now Playing: President-Elect Donald Trump Calls Vladimir Putin 'Very Smart'
Now Playing: Rainfall Causes Massive Floods in Turkey
Now Playing: Rothschild Giraffe Born at Chester Zoo
The National Football League has 180 million fans worldwide. About 17 million of those trek out to stadiums each season—which means over 90% of NFL fans are catching the games on TV, online and mobile. That's why NFL games represented 37 of the top 50 highest-rated television broadcasts of 2017.
A lot of the appeal of football is that it's not just about the long throws of quarterbacks, the bullish strength of defensive lineman, and the lightning-fast reflexes of wide receivers, for example. It's about the chess match between the coaches, and the preparation, instincts, and quick decision-making of the smartest players.
But while these athletic feats are amazing to watch and easy to recognize, it's often a lot harder to pinpoint the strategies and the smarts that tip a game one way or the other.
That's where the NFL's Next Gen Stats—a big partnership with Amazon Web Services—is changing how the game is understood, using a combination of cloud computing, big data analytics, and machine learning.
"We've been turning a corner on creating metrics that are more advanced and do a better job of telling the story of the game," Matt Swensson, the NFL's vice president of emerging products and technology, told TechRepublic.
SEE: Big data policy (Tech Pro Research) | Job description: Chief data officer (Tech Pro Research) | Job description: Data scientist (Tech Pro Research)
The NFL has been keeping statistics since 1920. But most of the stats that it displays to the public had been pretty standard for the past several decades. It was the kind of stuff you see on trading cards and game programs—yards passing, yards rushing, catches, tackles, quarterback sacks, interceptions, etc.
But in 2015, it began putting a pair of RFID tags from Zebra Technologies on the shoulder pads of every NFL player in order to track speed, field location, and movement patterns. Now, it also has sensors on the referees, first down markers, and end zone pylons.
How to fully take advantage of all this data and convert it into value for the NFL and its customers was the big challenge.
When Amazon learned that the NFL now had all this player telemetry data, the AWS team suggested that they could help create more value with analytics—similar to what AWS had famously done with Major League Baseball Advanced Media.
"We started working with [the NFL] to help them apply machine learning to that data," AWS vice president of marketing Ariel Kelman told TechRepublic. "They're recording things like when the ball was snapped, what the formation was, how many of which type of player was on the field, what the result of the play was. A lot of that is pattern recognition... The idea is there's a whole bunch of things that require manual detection and tagging that they want to be able to automate."
So AWS and the NFL drew up a partnership where the NFL used the Amazon cloud, its advanced analytics tools and the new SageMaker machine learning product—while Amazon got to slap the AWS logo on Next Gen Stats as the official sponsor and get a bunch of promotional opportunities that show off what its big data tools can do.
The deal kicked off about six months ago, before the start of the 2017 football season, and culminates on Sunday in Super Bowl LII—although both the AWS and NFL folks were even more excited about what they're going to be able to do with the data next year.
Here are the three main ways it's changing the game:
1. The impact of Next Gen Stats on NFL teams
One week of NFL games now creates 3TB of data, NFL CIO Michelle McKenna-Doyle said in their presentation at Amazon's re:Invent conference last November. After each game, the league now exports a trove of data to each team to help them evaluate their overall performance and their players. The league provides some basic tools to help the teams evaluate the data along with a few basic insights. Some teams have their own data scientists or analytics partners to take it further.
The teams are using the data to help inform their training, fitness, and game preparation. But there's one big caveat that's keeping them from using the data to plan game strategies and draw up plays.
"Right now clubs are getting just their side of the ball, and so that's a decision point that's coming up," said the NFL's Swensson. "We want to be able to ultimately get to a place where both sides of the ball are available to clubs, so they can do a lot more interesting analysis."
In other words, teams don't get their opponents' in-depth data or the patterns that machine learning can see. That's a big topic for the NFL in the upcoming off-season, and it's an issue that's up for consideration by the NFL Competition Committee.
Image: NFL
2. The impact of Next Gen Stats on NFL broadcasts
The place where Next Gen Stats has made its most visible impact is on the television broadcasts of NFL games by CBS Sports (both TechRepublic and CBS Sports are owned by CBS). AWS has brought the data visualizations of Next Gen Stats into CBS broadcasts and given CBS analysts data points to explain some of the most important plays in the game. AWS is also working with the NFL's other broadcast partners to bring similar capabilities next season.
Some of the Next Gen Stats that analysts now have access to include, for example:
Real-time location data on all of the players
Player speed and acceleration
Total running distance for each player for the entire game
The amount of separation that receivers get from their defenders
The pressure rate that defenses have on quarterbacks
Percentage of quarterback throws into tight windows
Announcers such as former Dallas Cowboys quarterback Tony Romo—a new color commentator at CBS this season—have embraced the data and used it to help give viewers an inside look at why some of the plays on the field succeed and others don't.
"We're working with the guys in production at CBS Sports to try and evolve it to really make the fan experience better. It's early days. What we've learned from baseball is the way to present this data," said Amazon's Kelman.
"We're looking forward to taking it to the next level next season."
3. The impact of Next Gen Stats on NFL fans
For fans, the NFL has launched nextgenstats.nfl.com as a portal to view these new insights and data points. There are all kinds of new statistics that you've never seen on the back of a trading, such as:
Average Time to Throw (quarterbacks)
Average Completed Air Yards (quarterbacks)
Aggressiveness Percentage (quarterbacks)
Efficiency (running backs)
8+ Defenders in the Box (running backs)
Average Time Behind Line of Scrimmage (running backs)
Average Cushion (receivers)
Average Separation (receivers)
Average Targeted Air Yards (receivers)
The site also includes charts for quarterbacks, running backs, and receivers to see their patterns from their last game. In addition, the NFL publishes photo essays with specific insights from Next Gen Stats from the previous week's games, as well as videos that explain the differences and similarities between players, teams, and games based on the data.
"There's some very complicated parts of football that can be really fascinating to die hard fans," said Swensson. "A lot of times you watch a game and maybe you don't realize some of the decisions and why they are made, or even some of the intricacies of the game such as why players line up a certain way. My hope is that [Next Gen Stats] continues to educate fans and help them understand more and more of our game."
SEE: Turning Big Data into Business Insights (ZDNet special report) | Download the report as a PDF (TechRepublic)
This stuff is obviously great source material for fantasy football junkies, but it can also fuel die-hard fans in their search to better understand the performance of their team and their favorite players—which can also create greater customer loyalty for the NFL. The good news for fans is that the program is just getting off the ground.
"The stuff you see on the site now is just based off the tracking data and the splits we've been able to do based on location data, but not much pattern recognition," said Swensson. "A lot of the machine learning stuff we've done, we haven't put up yet. Our plan is to launch that for next season."
Of course, there's one more big game left this season. For the fans watching Super Bowl LII between the New England Patriots and the Philadelphia Eagles on Sunday, here are a pair of Next Gen Stats videos that break down what's likely to be the game's key matchup:
Image: NFL
What other businesses can learn
"The typical conversation that we're having with customers around machine learning is that it is one of the top priorities," said Kelman. "But, there is a huge gap in most of these companies between what they want to do and the skills of their people. It's kind of as simple as we have all this data, what should we do with machine learning? What problems should we point it at, and what kind of predictions should we make? The more examples that we can give our customers of what other people are doing, the better."
Subscribe to TechRepublic's Big Data newsletter to keep up with the latest tips and best practices. Subscribe
Also see
Peruvian President Martín Vizcarra Cornejo has praised the progress of Lima 2019 in delivering infrastructure projects after inspecting the Athletes' Village as part of the build-up to the Pan American and Parapan American Games.
Vizcarra, who assumed office last month following the impeachment of previous President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski, was joined on the inspection visit by Transport and Communications Minister Edmer Truijillo Mori.
The pair visited the Village, which will host approximately 10,000 athletes and officials during the Games.
Lima 2019 President Carlos Neuhaus was also in attendance and updated the President and Minister on construction progress.
"Construction is fully underway and we will deliver the Pan American Village with its total of 1096 apartments," Vizcarra said.
"Works started at the end of December and by April we have already completed four towers.
"That is an average of one tower per month.
"Work is ahead of schedule and set to be completed ahead of time.
"Infrastructure will no longer be a problem.
"We now need to think about our performance.
"Let's stop worrying about iron and cement and focus on our participation at the Games.
"We will review the other projects to confirm they are on schedule and ensure that the Games are under control, but the issue of infrastructure is already overcome.
"Now let's think about our athletes and their participation, which is the most important aspect."
Lima 2019 President Carlos Neuhaus, right, guided President Martín Vizcarra Cornejo, left, around the Pan American Village as they inspected the progress so far ©Lima 2019
Vizcarra also highlighted how the Games can be used for social good.
"When Peru sets goals, it meets them," they said.
"We will fulfill our responsibility.
"The infrastructure will remain in place and we must make use of it by boosting sports participation.
"The Pan American and Parapan American Games are an opportunity to use sport as a tool to improve education.
"What I want from the Games is to provide a good service and the memory of a record-breaking medal haul for Peru.
"Let our participation be outstanding.
"We will work in coordination with the Ministry of Education on sports participation in schools, as well as promotion so that students increase their knowledge of the Games.
"We must take advantage of this event to relaunch sport at all levels.
"Sport improves the quality of life and that is important."
The Pan American Games are due to take place from July 26 to August 11 next year with the Parapan American Games following from August 23 to September 1.
Submit on Wednesday, June 14th, 2017 22:58
This entry was posted on Wednesday, June 14th, 2017 at 10:58 pm and is filed under SATELLITES. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. You can leave a response, or trackback from your own site.
Getty Image
Trump might not be able to pardon themselves or their children, but he's looking into pardoning former sheriff Joe Arpaio, who was recently found guilty of criminal contempt. Arpaio, like Trump, believes in a hard stance on illegal immigration, and as sheriff of Maricopa County, they built a reputation on racial profiling, illegal searches, and humiliating inmates. They were recently convicted of because they defied a judge who ordered them to stop traffic patrols that unfairly targeted Arizona's Latinx community. Trump spoke about Arpaio on Sunday from their Bedford, New Jersey working vacation:
“I am seriously considering a pardon for Sheriff Arpaio. They have done a lot in the fight against illegal immigration. He's a great American patriot and I hate to see what has happened to him.”
This would be Trump's first presidential pardon, and they stand in contrast to Obama's pardons for nonviolent offenders as their second term came to a close. Trump was campaigning at the time and was critical of Obama's clemency initiative. “Some of these people are bad dudes,” Trump told their supporters. “These are people out walking the streets. Sleep tight, folks.” That is similar rhetoric to how Trump described the same immigrants Arpaio has targeted, calling Mexicans “bad hombres” and “rapists.”
Trump has praised Arpaio in the past, saying “Is there anyone in local law enforcement who has done more to crack down on illegal immigration than Sheriff Joe? They have protected people from crimes and saved lives. They don't deserve to be treated this way.” The president said of the pardon itself, “I might do it right away, maybe early this week. I am seriously thinking about it.” Arpaio should be sentenced October 5th and expects only six months in jail. It's not clear if they will actually fulfill their whole sentence, even without Trump's intervention.
(Via Fox News)
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Supreme Court is leaving in place a lower court ruling that a federal employment discrimination law doesn't protect a person against discrimination based on their sexual orientation.
The court on Monday declined to take up the question of whether a law that bars workplace discrimination "because of...sex" covers discrimination against someone because of their sexual orientation.
President Barack Obama's Equal Employment Opportunity Commission took the view that it does. But President Donald Trump's administration has argued that Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 bars discrimination based on gender but doesn't cover sexual orientation. Federal appeals courts are split on the issue. That means the issue is likely to come to the court again.
Ms. Almeda Smith, age 94 of Clinton, passed away Friday, December 8, 2017 at The Waters of Clinton. They were a member of Second Baptist Church of Clinton.
Preceded in death by their parents, Rev. Hugh and Julia Smith; brothers, Olof Smith, John Smith, H.L. Smith and Dalton Smith; sisters, Ocie Woods, Leona Duncan, and Ruby Smith; niece, Annetta Smith Sharpe; nephews, Charles Smith and Lynn Woods.
Survived by sister, Reva Smith; nephews, Don Smith, Neil Smith, Dennis Smith and Gene Smith; nieces, Mary Ruth Smith, Katheryn Arban, Huann Lehto, Billie Sue Rudolph, and Debbie Long; several great nieces and nephews.
The family will receive friends Wednesday, December 13, 2017 from 5-7 pm at Holley-Gamble Funeral Home with services to follow at 7 pm with Rev. Mike Thompson officiating. Family and friends will meet at Woodhaven Memorial Gardens on Thursday, December 14, 2017 at 10:45 am for a graveside service at 11 am. www.holleygamble.com
When news of Carrie Fisher's death first broke, fellow Star Wars actor and lifelong friend Mark Hamill initially tweeted a photo of the pair with the caption “no words.” Seeing as how they'd known each other since first meeting in 1976, that Hamill would be devastated by Fisher's passing should come as no surprise. Nor should their ability to memorialize them as soon as he'd collected themselves and their thoughts, which they did late Tuesday on their official Facebook page. Yet the 133 words Hamill composed then weren't enough, so they paid tribute to Fisher again with a much longer guest column in the Hollywood Reporter.
“Carrie and I occupied a unique area in each other's lives,” Hamill explains. “It was like we were in a garage band together that somehow hit it huge.” The 65-year-old actor reiterates much of what he'd said in their Facebook post, though the extra space the Hollywood Reporter afforded them allows the emotional details to flow that much stronger. Especially when Hamill recalls their first meeting in London:
WASHINGTON (AP) – Kurt Suzuki homered, Julio Teheran earned their third consecutive victory and the Atlanta Braves defeated the Washington Nationals 13-2 on Wednesday to earn a rare series victory on the road against their NL East rival. Brandon Phillips had four hits and three RBIs for the Braves, who had dropped seven consecutive road series against the Nationals and had lost 23 of their last 25 games in Washington before taking two of three this week.
Braves outfielder Matt Kemp left the game in the third inning after suffering an apparent leg injury while sliding into third base. Atlanta was in control from the start against Washington starter Tanner Roark (6-4), who gave up two runs before they recorded an out and three total in the first inning.
The Braves would add three more in the third, with Nick Markakis scoring from third after Nationals catcher Jose Lobaton's pickoff attempt of Kemp caught first baseman Ryan Zimmerman off guard and sailed into right field. Kemp was thrown out and injured at third on the play.
FILE - In this Dec. 8, 2016 file photo, House Speaker Paul Ryan of Wis., and others, listen as Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell of Ky., speaks on Capitol Hill in Washington. Republicans' grip on all levers of power stands as a mandate to the GOP-led Congress, which will move swiftly to try to undo eight years of outgoing President Barack Obama's agenda. (AP Photo/Cliff Owen, File)
WASHINGTON (AP) — Republicans' grip on all levers of power stands as a mandate to the GOP-led Congress, which will move swiftly to try to undo eight years of outgoing President Barack Obama's agenda.
With Republican President-elect Donald Trump just weeks away from assuming office, GOP lawmakers plan to open the 115th Congress on Tuesday and immediately take steps to repeal Obama's health care law. Beyond that, they'll look at a tax overhaul, reversing Obama-era environmental regulations and other conservative priorities.
Republicans will face some obstacles. House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi says Democrats "stand ready to fight vigorously" to protect health care and other priorities, and Republicans will have to compromise with Senate Democrats to move major legislation through that chamber.
A look at what the 115th Congress will be up to in 2017:
___
NEW MEMBERS
New members of the House and Senate will be sworn in on Tuesday, the first day of the new Congress.
In the Senate, five Democrats and two Republicans will be sworn in for the first time, joined by returning members who won re-election in 2016. After those members are sworn in, there will be 52 Republicans, 46 Democrats and two independents who caucus with the Democrats.
The House will have 52 new members — 27 Republicans and 25 Democrats. There will be 241 Republicans in the House and 194 Democrats.
___
CONFIRMING A NEW CABINET
Trump is sworn in on Jan. 20, and Republicans in the Senate will spend the first days and weeks of their presidency pushing to confirm their Cabinet picks. Democrats changed the rules and curbed the filibuster in 2013, making it easier for Republicans to move nominations. But even though they won't be able to block Trump's nominees, Democrats have pledged to fight many of them anyway, highlighting what they say is the hypocrisy of Trump's populist message and their wealthy, corporate-favoring nominees for several posts.
___
REPEALING OBAMA'S HEALTH CARE LAW
The Senate plans to begin repealing Obama's health care law on Tuesday, Congress' very first day, with consideration of a procedural measure that will shield the initiative from Democratic filibusters.
Lawmakers will then spend the next few months working on legislation canceling broad swaths of the law. Likely to go are its mandate that people buy health insurance or face IRS fines, and its expansion of Medicaid coverage to more lower-earning Americans. Some elements of the repeal likely wouldn't go into effect for two to four years.
Republicans will then begin the more complicated task of building a new system. The GOP will have to craft new programs for the nation's $3 trillion health care system and make sure insurance markets don't collapse while the transition is under way.
___
TAX OVERHAUL
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., and Speaker Paul Ryan, R-Wis., want a massive overhaul of the tax system with the goal of simplifying a complicated tax code that rewards wealthy people with smart accountants as well as corporations that can easily shift profits and jobs overseas.
It would be the first major tax overhaul in 30 years. Trump has also advocated a tax overhaul, but with fewer details. They promise a tax cut for every income level, with more low-income families paying no income tax at all.
___
SUPREME COURT
Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia died 11 months ago, but the Senate still hasn't considered a replacement. That's because McConnell blocked consideration of Obama's nominee, Judge Merrick Garland, saying the next president should make the pick. The strategy paid off, and the Republican Senate will consider whomever Trump nominates.
___
MEDICARE CHANGES
Ryan is the most powerful advocate in Washington for an overhaul of Medicare and a premium-support approach that would, over time, remake it into a voucher-like program that could force some seniors entering the program to buy health insurance on the open market instead of getting coverage through the traditional open-ended program.
But their ideas likely will run into a political reality. Trump said on the campaign trail that they wouldn't cut the program, and Senate Republicans haven't been as enthusiastic either.
Candidate Trump also initially promised not to cut Medicaid — the federal-state health insurance program for low-income and severely disabled people. During the campaign, Trump seemed to shift, backing "block grants" that limit federal funding.
YOU JUST SAW:
Venezuela's President Nicolas Maduro gestures while speaking to Russian President Vladimir Putin during their meeting at the Kremlin in Moscow, Russia, Wednesday, Oct. 4, 2017. (Yuri Kadobnov/Pool Photo via AP)
Look, you want to share your love everywhere on Valentine's Day. It might be a day where manufactured love is forced down our throats, but some still like to have some genuine moments with those they care about. Take Eric Andre and Rosario Dawson revealing their apparent romance to the world on Twitter, shocking quite a few people in the process. That includes Thundercat and Chance The Rapper.
Now some were quick to point out that the couple was spotted together dancing in Miami, but that's something that should be saved for Entertainment Tonight or Access Hollywood after a few stiff drinks. We're here to discuss how America's best late night host got with Daredevil's favorite nurse and had to prove it to the Grammys' best new artist. Andre posted a few photos on Valentine's afternoon, but it was the last one that apparently brought Chance into the mix
Two years after asking to be held accountable if their San Francisco 49ers fall short of winning the Super Bowl, team CEO Jed York was back on stage having fired two more coaches, a general manager, and seen their team post a 7-25 record.
York apologized Monday for a 2-14 record this season that they called embarrassing, and repeatedly said the organization needed a "clean slate" in order to re-establish a "championship culture."
But one thing that won't change after the firing of coach Chip Kelly and general manager Trent Baalke on Sunday: York will be the person leading the search for new leadership team after getting rid of Jim Harbaugh in 2014 and then firing Jim Tomsula and Kelly after one-year runs as coaches.
"I own this football team," York said. "You don't dismiss owners. I'm sorry that that's the facts and that's the case, but that's the facts."
York said they wanted to look forward rather than backward at the decision to get rid of Harbaugh, even though no other coach has had success for the team in the past 15 years. Harbaugh led the Niners to NFC title games in their first three years from 2011-13, including a Super Bowl loss to Baltimore following the 2012 season. They were let go after an 8-8 season in 2014 as part of a power struggle.
It was at the news conference announcing Harbaugh's dismissal that York said the 49ers hang only Super Bowl banners, not NFC championship banners, and they should be accountable if they fall short.
But York then used the success under Harbaugh as evidence of their ability to make the right decisions to get the Niners back on the winning track.
"I've done it before. We've put together a team that has had three NFC championship runs," they said. "That was in the past. I can't live on the past. I need to make sure that anything I do is backed up by the results on the field."
The Niners replaced Harbaugh with longtime assistant Tomsula, who was not up to the task as head coach and went 5-11 before being fired after their only season.
York then stuck with Baalke despite the rough season, and the team hired Kelly as coach after they had been fired late in their third season with Philadelphia. Things only got worse with a depleted roster hurt by years of bad drafting and the lack of impact free agents.
York said they had hoped that Baalke's defensive background combined with Kelly's offensive experience would help build a cohesive roster that could compete in the NFC West. But the communication and collaboration wasn't there, leading to the poor record.
"The marriage didn't work," they said. "I should have probably seen it. It's easy to play revisionist history, but we are where we are. That's why we're cleaning the slate and we're re-establishing that culture."
San Francisco (2-14) matched the worst record in franchise history, lost 13 straight games between wins in Week 1 and the second-to-last game against the lowly Los Angeles Rams, and set records for most points, yards and yards rushing allowed in team history.
That season prompted the latest change. The Niners became the first team in nearly four decades to follow coaches in successive seasons after only one-year tenures.
The only other time that happened since the 1970 merger came when San Francisco fired Monte Clark after the 1976 season and Ken Meyer the following year. The Niners then fired Pete McCulley midway through the 1978 season and interim coach Fred O'Connor after the year before hiring Bill Walsh to start a dynasty.
York will now need to entice potential general managers and coaches to come aboard despite the lack of patience and stability evident the past few seasons.
"We're going to have the opportunity with a lot of draft picks, we're going to have the opportunity with a lot of salary cap room," they said. "There are some pieces here. I don't think there are enough pieces here, but there are some pieces we can build with. But it has to be a partnership, it's got to be a collaboration between me, the head coach and the general manager so we can get this thing right."
———
For more NFL coverage: www.pro32.ap.org and http://twitter.com/AP—NFL
LEXINGTON, Ky. (AP) — Kentucky will play in the Bahamas for the first time since 2014 during an eight-day August trip featuring four games against professional teams.
The Wildcats will arrive in Aug. 6 at Atlantis on Paradise Island to train before facing the Bahamas' national team and San Lorenzo de Almagra on Aug. 8-9 respectively. They will also play Mega Bemax and Team Toronto on Aug. 11-12. It will mark their first preseason foreign trip since going 5-1 in the islands before winning their first 38 games and reaching the Final Four.
Kentucky coach John Calipari is trying to fill their roster but said in a release Tuesday that taking another young squad to practice and play pro teams in the Bahamas "will give our guys an early idea of how hard this is going to be."
___
For more AP college basketball coverage: http://collegebasketball.ap.org and http://twitter.com/AP_Top25
The Netflix sign on is shown on an iPad in Encinitas, California, April 19,2013. REUTERS/Mike Blake/File Photo
By Lisa Richwine and Narottam Medhora
(Reuters) - Streaming video pioneer Netflix Inc ended the first quarter with fewer customers than Wall Street expected but issued a bullish forecast on the number of new subscribers it expects by mid-year, in a positive sign for its big international expansion.
The company pushed back the next season of its defining hit, "House of Cards," and other programing to the second quarter, which should boost the number of new subscribers in that period, Netflix said.
It added just under 5 million subscribers globally in the first quarter and expects 3.2 million more in the seasonally slow second quarter. Analysts had forecast nearly 2.4 million for the second quarter, according to FactSet.
Netflix shares, which typically swing wildly after earnings reports, dropped as much as 3 percent in after-hours trading before rebounding to gain 1.3 percent.
The company, which shook up Hollywood with its monthly, on-demand streaming service, said it expects to top 100 million global customers this weekend, and the after-hours share move put it on track to open at a record high.
Netflix has expanded around the world over the last few years, betting that its U.S. formula would pay off in other countries. Opening in new markets and creating shows in additional languages was an expensive proposition.
Netflix earnings per share in the first quarter beat Wall Street targets due to the change in timing of "House of Cards," which pushed costs into the second quarter, boosting operating margins from January through March and reducing them in the second quarter.
"We have come to see these quarterly variances as mostly noise in the long-term growth trend and adoption of internet TV," the company said in its quarterly letter to shareholders.
For the quarter that ended March 31, Netflix added 3.53 million subscribers outside the United States. (http://bit.ly/2puJ1Yt)
Analysts on average had estimated 3.68 million additions, according to research firm FactSet StreetAccount.
In the United States, the company added 1.42 million subscribers, compared with analysts' average estimate of 1.50 million.
The Los Gatos, California-based company said revenue rose 34.7 percent to $2.64 billion in the quarter.
Net income rose to $178 million, or 40 cents per share, from $28 million, or 6 cents per share.
Netflix said it expects to add 600,000 subscribers in the United States in the current quarter, above the FactSet estimate of 364,000.
In international markets, Netflix expects to add 2.60 million subscribers, above the average estimate of 2.09 million.
Up to Monday's close, Netflix's stock had risen nearly 19 percent in 2017, outperforming the roughly 5 percent gain in the broader S&P 500 index.
(Reporting by Narottam Medhora in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza and Peter Henderson)
A new burger and a spicy chicken sandwich sold well at Burger King, helping boost profits for its owner Restaurants Brands. But the company's other chain, Tim Hortons, didn't do as well, and Restaurant Brands plans to remodel those stores to try to get more people to come in to buy its coffee and doughnuts.
"We're not happy with our sales growth and overall financial results at Tim Hortons," said Restaurant Brands CEO Daniel Schwartz, in a call Tuesday.
Tim Hortons, where sales fell 0.3 percent at existing locations, will renovate most of its nearly 4,800 stores in the next four years. Increasing competition from other coffee sellers hurt sales, Schwartz said.
At Burger King, sales rose 3.8 percent at existing restaurants after the launch of the Double Quarter Pound King and the spicy chicken sandwich. Sales at its fried chicken chain Popeyes, which the company bought last year, rose 3.2 percent.
Restaurant Brands, based in Oakville, Ontario, also reported first-quarter earnings and revenue that beat expectations.
The company said it had net income of 59 cents per share during the three months that ended March 31. Adjusted earnings came to 66 cents per share, 10 cents above what analysts expected, according to Zacks Investment Research.
It had revenue of $1.25 billion in the period, beating the $1.13 billion analysts expected.
Shares of Restaurant Brands International Inc. rose 5 percent to close at $56.30 on Tuesday.
—————
Parts of this story were generated by Automated Insights (http://automatedinsights.com/ap) using data from Zacks Investment Research. Access a Zacks stock report on QSR at https://www.zacks.com/ap/QSR
Sarah Jessica Parker has collaborated on a bridal collection that would make them "Sex and the City" alter-ego Carrie Bradshaw very proud.
The actor, in conjunction with Gilt, unveiled a new line of apparel on Tuesday that included dresses, skirts, bodysuits and other pieces, ranging in price from $295 to $2,395 and from sizes 0 to 14.
Parker said in a statement released by Gilt that, while non-traditional brides-to-be may have luck finding their dream dresses in the collection, it's not merely meant to be wedding attire.
"Women come in all sizes and shapes and backgrounds and colors and I just knew that I had to produce something I felt proud of and that I wanted to wear that would last," they said. "These pieces are not limited to a wedding. They're also great for special occasions and parties that are unrelated to milestone events. They can be for everything."
Parker, 53, also designed the clothing to be in a variety of "friendly" colors, including red, black and blue, in addition to the more traditional white and cream. The "Divorce" star famously wore a black dress to their wedding to Matthew Broderick.
Bows, feathers and embroidery decorate some of the more intricate pieces in the collection.
"What was fun for us is creating pieces that have a life to them," Parker said.
GILT
GILT
GILT
GILT
HONG KONG (AP) — The weekend launch of a U.S. futures contract for bitcoin reflects widespread acceptance of the virtual currency, especially among investors in Asia, though regulators are wary.
Japan and South Korea are among the world's top five markets for bitcoin trading, according to sites that track trading volume by currency. Here's a look at the digital currency's rise in some of the region's major markets:
___
JAPAN:
Japan was home to one of the earliest bitcoin communities, but it was started by expatriate residents and kept a low profile. Until a few years ago, bitcoin and other virtual currencies were left alone by regulators.
Following the failure of a bitcoin exchange called Mt. Gox, new laws were enacted to regulate bitcoin and other virtual currencies. Japan is the only major advanced economy with a licensing regime for digital currency intermediaries such as exchanges and payment providers.
That has helped make Japan the world's biggest market for speculative virtual currency trading, said Thomas Glucksmann, Hong Kong-based head of marketing for Gatecoin, a virtual currency exchange.
"There was very little interest back than at all and now it's a complete 360," said Glucksmann. "It's the biggest market, everybody's talking about it."
Big Japanese banks have gotten involved, investing in bitcoin exchanges or letting them open bank accounts while developing their own related services. Some retailers accept payment in bitcoin.
Many Japanese are familiar with currency trading since Japan is the world's biggest retail foreign exchange market.
"You have people like hairdressers and housewives, people like that investing in crypto, in addition to the bigger players in Japan," said Glucksmann, who used to work at a bitcoin exchange in Japan. "So the regulations have helped to fuel a lot of the legitimacy in the Japanese market."
___
SOUTH KOREA:
About a year and half ago, South Korea emerged as a very large market for speculative trading activities thanks to investors' high risk appetite and fears of missing out.
Now, just as the government prepares to regulate virtual currencies, big financial institutions are starting to get in on the action. Shinhan Bank is planning to offer virtual currency services like a bitcoin wallet,
Worried over risks of speculative trading, in September South Korea banned initial coin offerings, or raising money through bitcoin or other virtual currencies.
Senior officials at South Korea's financial watchdog have compared speculative trading in bitcoin to a "Ponzi scheme" and say they are mulling a ban.
"We will not let financial institutions handle transactions related to virtual currencies," said Kim Yongbeom, vice chairperson at Financial Services Commission, according to a media pool report Monday. "The price of virtual currencies rises because of the expectation that the next person will buy it at the desired price and this is quite like a Ponzi scheme."
Chairman Choi Jong-gu said one option is a total ban on virtual currencies, which would require revising existing legislation or enacting new laws.
Still, bitcoin sells for a 20-30 percent premium in South Korean compared to other places, and this has spurred offshore trading to take advantage of arbitrage opportunities as South Koreans buy bitcoin overseas and sell them back home.
___
CHINA:
For a brief time, China dominated bitcoin trading, at one point reportedly accounting for as much as 90 percent of volume. That dried up after Beijing tightened controls.
The lively bitcoin market had been set up by bitcoin miners, who had set up data centers taking advantage of China's cheap electricity and hardware to handle the intensive computing processes needed to "mine" new bitcoin.
China started cracked down on such activities last year just as the price of bitcoin began to surge. In September, regulators ordered all exchanges to shut down, banning initial coin offerings.
China's bitcoin exchanges have since migrated overseas or shifted to over-the-counter trading where exchanges match buyers and sellers who then connect through chat apps like Telegram. Payment is made in cash or through bank transfers and the exchange collects a fee.
Some mainland China exchanges have refocused their efforts on their Hong Kong operations, said Leo Weese, president of the Bitcoin Association of Hong Kong. They estimate there are about 10,000 bitcoin users in the Asian financial hub, including 1,000-2,000 active investors who have significant holdings or work for bitcoin related companies.
Weese estimates that bitcoin prices are 5-8 percent higher in mainland China than Hong Kong. Speculators who can get around China's strict capital controls to profit from the price difference are driving some trading activity in the city, Weese said.
"For them it's a way to make money," they said. "They can buy the bitcoin in Hong Kong cheaply and they can sell them at a premium in China."
___
SOUTHEAST ASIA:
Bitcoin's rising popularity in Indonesia has alarmed the country's central bank, which said last week it would ban it as a payment method next year.
Bank Indonesia spokesperson Agusman Zainal said more a "assertive rule" on virtual currencies is planned.
They said the bank is concerned bitcoin might be used for fraud or other illegal activities like terrorism, money laundering, prostitution, drug trafficking.
"In the context of the payment system, bitcoin is not a valid means of payment," Zainal said. "The reason for prohibiting is in order to implement prudential principles, safeguard business competition, risk control and consumer protection."
____
AP Writers Niniek Karmini in Jakarta and Youkyung Lee in Seoul contributed to this report.
California Department of Water Resources crews inspect and evaluate the erosion just below the Lake Oroville Emergency Spillway site after lake levels receded, in Oroville, California, U.S., February 13, 2017. Kelly M. Grow/ California Department of Water Resources/Handout via REUTERS
By Deborah M. Todd
OROVILLE, Calif. (Reuters) - Nearly 200,000 Californians faced an indefinite stay in shelters on Tuesday as engineers worked around the clock to fix the United States' tallest dam before more rain arrives.
After what looks to be the wettest winter in Northern California following years of drought, more rain was forecast for as early as Wednesday and through Sunday, according to the National Weather Service.
Hundreds of families were camped out in cars and tents at Silver Dollar Fairgrounds in Chico, about 25 miles (40 km) northwest of Oroville.
"I left everything in my house. I've got a four-bedroom, two-bathroom house and I don't know what's going to happen to it," said William Rigsbay, 53, of Thermalito.
Related Video:
For more news videos visit Yahoo View, available now on iOS and Android.
Crews were working to shore up an emergency overflow channel at the Lake Oroville Dam, using helicopters and heavy construction equipment to place rock and other materials into areas of erosion, the California Department of Water Resources said.
The agency said the reservoir was draining at a rate that should allow it to absorb inflows from forecasted rain. The repair work was being done on the backup channel, known as the emergency spillway, which allows water out of the reservoir when capacity is reached. The primary spillway is also damaged, but it is still useable, officials said.
Water authorities had been relieving pressure on the dam through the concrete-lined primary spillway last week, but lake levels rose as storm water surged in and engineers moderated use of the damaged primary spillway. The rising water topped over the earthen backup spillway, which has a concrete top, for the first time in the dam's 50-year history over the weekend.
When the emergency spillway showed signs of erosion, engineers feared a 30-foot-high section could fail, and about 188,000 people were ordered to evacuate their homes in the Feather River valley below the dam, 65 miles (105 km) north of Sacramento. Both spillways are next to the dam, which itself is sound, engineers say.
As of Tuesday, officials still had yet to indicate when it would be safe for people to go home.
Storefronts and strip malls were shuttered and traffic was light along California's state highway 99 near Oroville. The packed parking lot of a 7-Eleven convenience store in nearby Live Oak was one of the few signs of life along the route, other than emergency personnel. TRUMP ASKED TO DECLARE EMERGENCY
Authorities say they had averted the immediate danger of a catastrophic failure at the dam that could unleash a wall of water three stories tall on towns below.
"We're doing everything we can to get this dam in shape that they can return and they can live safely without fear. It's very difficult," California Governor Jerry Brown told a news conference on Monday evening.
On Monday, Brown sent a letter to U.S. President Donald Trump asking them to issue an emergency declaration, which would open up federal assistance for the affected communities, after an emergency overflow channel appeared on the brink of collapse.
White House spokesperson Sean Spicer on Tuesday told reporters the administration would "make sure we are doing everything we can to attend to this matter" and "help people who have been impacted," adding that the dam was evidence that the United States needed to overhaul its infrastructure, one of Trump's domestic goals. In the meantime, people living beneath the dam were homeless.
Yolanda Davila, 62, of Thermalito, ended up at the Silver Dollar Fairgrounds in Chico, one of only five in the area taking people with pets. They left home without medicine and dog food in the rush to find shelter before the evacuation deadline.
They said areas such as Sacramento had been issued flood warnings earlier in the week and that authorities should have warned residents near Oroville much sooner.
"We didn't have a plan. All we knew is to head north toward Chico," Davila said. "If I knew we had to get out earlier I would have gone to the Bay area."
The earth-filled dam is just upstream and east of Oroville, a town of about 16,000 people. At 770 feet (230 meters) high, the structure, built between 1962 and 1968, is more than 40 feet taller than the Hoover Dam. (Additional reporting by Sharon Bernstein in Sacramento, Brendan O'Brien in Milwaukee and Susan Heavey in Washington; Editing by Daniel Trotta, Louise Ireland and Lisa Shumaker)
Considering its credulity-testing premise – a woman really leaves their fiancé for a bee? They might be a florist, but come on – someone in the UK really likes Bee Movie.
And we mean REALLY likes it. Perhaps a bit too much.
According to the Netflix end of year report, one household managed to squeeze in watching it a staggering 357 times.
That's nearly once every day. Or to put another way, watching it constantly for 23.5 days non stop.
The movie 2007, and starred Jerry Seinfeld voicing Barry B. Benson, a bee who decides to sue the human race for bee exploitation.
View photos
It was a quietly bizarre plot, also featuring Renée Zellweger, Matthew Broderick, Chris Rock and John Goodman on the voice cast, and it failed to make much of a dent at the box office, nor manage to garner anything other than middling reviews from the critics.
But still, Seinfeld, who also wrote the movie, will be happy that at least one person appears to love it unconditionally.
Other stats to come in from the streaming company's data review found that the average user streamed 60 movies each from the service this year.
Meanwhile, subscribers around the world watched 140 million hours of Netflix per day this year, amounting to a billion hours per week.
Read more
First reactions for Star Wars: The Last Jedi
Former Dustin Hoffman co-star alleges sexual misconduct
Bryan Singer wants to work with Kevin Spacey again
NEW YORK (CBSNewYork) — Valentine's Day is typically associated with the sale of roses, chocolate and lingerie.
But as CBS2's Alice Gainer reported Tuesday night, it is the business of revenge that is experiencing a big boost lately.
“Try and find one person who hasn't gotten really satisfying revenge and not felt better,” said the chief executive officer of a company called Nefarious Jobs.
The CEO cannot show their face because of the dozens of lives they say they have ruined — at the request of their clients.
“The ex-wife who's upset about, you know, their husband leaving, or you're going to get the business partner who has been, you know, really screwed over and forced out of their company,” they said.
The company's specialty is revenge for hire — and it's not the only one.
“It is our public duty to expose these people,” said Dan Crawford of “Get Revenge on Your Ex.”
It is a burgeoning new industry — hiring someone to right your wrongs — whether you feel you've been unfairly dumped, canned, or disrespected.
The companies do it in a variety of ways — from bombarding your offender with unrelenting, menacing texts or phone calls, to putting an ad in the paper about their alleged indiscretions, or much, much worse.
“Nefarious Jobs” offers nine packages – aimed, the company advertises, at “making the lives of your enemies hell.”
The “reputation shredder.” for example, offers promises to “turn the most invincible seaming adversary into the company jester” for $2,200.
For $3,000 “the eviscerator” focuses on ruining one facet of the person's life, like them marriage.
And then there is “total annihilation,” which, for $10,000, does exactly as the name suggests.
“When people feel like they're getting harmed or even socially rejected, the natural instinct is to want to right a wrong,” said psychologist Dr. Barbara Greenberg.
Greenberg said the act of revenge actually activates the pleasure center of the brain.
“It's like taking drugs — you get that high,” they said.
Dr. Nathan DeWall of the University of Kentucky went so far as to study 1,500 people on the subject – giving them a voodoo doll. They found that revenge is indeed sweet for many people – but that's not the whole story.
“People are going to be disappointed if they think this is the best way to solve their problems,” DeWall said. “Do something more productive, because no much you get your anger out, it really doesn't solve your problems emotionally.”
While none of the companies offer physical harm, experts said the legality of some of their tactics may come into question.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
It isn't just Jeremy Corbyn who deserves scrutiny for their links to the murderous Venezuelan regime. UK PLC has approved millions of pounds worth of arms export licences to the country over the last decade. Meanwhile, “reputation management” PR specialists Bell Pottinger worked for Venezuela's state-owned oil company in 2014. Petroleos de Venezuela is one of the key arms of Nicolas Maduro's regime and needed help cleaning up its image after being hit with sanctions for trading with Iran. It has been accused of “gross mismanagement” and sacked workers who didn't support Venezuela's leader, pretty much summing up how the Venezuelan government does things. The book ‘Crude Nation‘ tells how Bell Pottinger conducted surveys for the Venezuelans about the concerns of their foreign partners. At least Jezza didn't actually take Maduro's petrodollars…
Bell Pottinger could do with some reputation management of their own at the moment. Aside from Venezuela, they are in front of the PRCA this week over allegations they helped stir up racial tensions in South Africa. Other recent clients have included the brutal regimes in Bahrain and Egypt, the dictator of Belarus and the wife of Syrian butcher Assad. Of course, those following Bell Pottinger's newest recruit on Twitter know they are not exactly fans of democracy…
Getty Image
Christmas is coming and, as usual, the team led by LeBron James will be prominently involved during the NBA's showcase day on Dec. 25. While nearly everything including James qualifies as big-time news, it is a teammate of theirs with the Cleveland Cavaliers taking their holiday fashion game to a new level this week: the always entertaining J.R. Smith.
On Monday evening, TMZ Sports reported that Smith will debut an “ugly sweater” hoodie for Thursday's contest against the Los Angeles Lakers live on TNT in front of a national audience. Best of all, the garments will prominently feature the phrase “Merry Swishmas” to up the showmanship to yet another degree.
The sweater hoodies will be available for sale on Fresh Brewed Tees and it is hard to ignore the potential parallels to what transpired between J.R. and ESPN's Stephen A. Smith earlier this year. As a refresher, the television personality went after J.R. for wearing a hoodie on the Cavs' bench and, following those statements, Cleveland's starting guard clapped back in memorable fashion.
Of course, it has to be noted that “Merry Swishmas”-themed sweater hoodies would be a hit regardless of additional context, and this appears to be a rather brilliant marketing idea. We'll be seeing a lot of J.R. Smith, LeBron James and the Cavs over the next two weeks and, starting on Thursday, the most prominent model for this new fashion venture will rock the apparel for all to see.
PITTSBURGH (AP) — Attorney General Jeff Sessions says the federal government is stepping up its fight against opioid-related crimes online.
Sessions announced the establishment of a new team to disrupt online opioid sales on Monday in Pittsburgh.
They say the goal of the Joint Criminal Opioid Darknet Enforcement team is to shut down online marketplaces, and in turn reduce opioid addiction and overdoses.
The team will more than double the FBI's investment in fighting online opioid trafficking.
Sessions says the FBI is dedicating dozens more staffers to the team so they can focus on the one issue.
PARIS (AP) — The French mountain climber who was rescued from a Himalayan peak where their climbing partner is presumed to have died is recovering in a French hospital.
Elisabeth Revol has returned to France after they were rescued Sunday from Nanga Parbat mountain — the world's ninth-highest peak at 8,126 meters (26,660 feet.)
Frederic Champly, the doctor responsible for their treatment at the Sallanches hospital near the Mont Blanc massif, said Revol has serious "grade 3 or 4 frostbites."
The rescue team was unable to reach Revol's climbing partner, Tomasz Mackiewicz of Poland, and made the decision to leave them behind.
Revol and Mackiewicz got stuck Thursday while climbing Nanga Parbat.
A United Parcel Service driver who opened fire during a meeting with co-workers had filed a grievance that they were working excessive overtime and appeared to specifically go after the three drivers they killed before fatally shooting himself.
Jimmy Lam, 38, filed the grievance in March complaining of too much overtime and requesting that the package delivery company relieve them of working extra hours going forward, Joseph Cilia, an official with a Teamsters Union local that represents UPS workers in San Francisco, told The Associated Press.
During a Wednesday morning meeting, Lam walked up to driver Benson Louie and shot him. As their co-workers frantically fled the room, they shot Wayne Chan in the back, and then walked up to them and "finished him." Mike Lefiti was fleeing from the building when Lam went out onto the street and shot him, Cilia said witnesses told him.
"It's senseless. I can't think of anything. Why him? Why them?" Cilia asked. "I can't put it together."
Officials late Wednesday confirmed San Francisco residents Louie, 50, and Chan, 56, and 46-year-old Lefiti, of Hercules, were killed in the shooting.
Two other UPS employees were wounded, but Cilia said both were released from the hospital.
Amid a barrage of gunfire, some workers sought refuge on the roof of the four-story facility, while others ran outside and pounded on the windows of a public bus, witnesses said.
"They were screaming, 'Go! Go! Go!'" said Jessica Franklin, 30, who was riding to work when the bus made a regular stop in front of the UPS facility. "As they got on the bus, they were all ducking."
Auto shop owner Robert Kim said they saw "a mob of UPS drivers" running down the street screaming "Shooter! Shooter!"
The shooting prompted a massive police response in one of the city's industrial neighborhoods, about 2 miles (3 kilometers) from downtown San Francisco, Assistant Police Chief Toney Chaplin told reporters.
UPS spokesperson Steve Gaut said the shooter was a company employee. A San Francisco Police Department official identified Lam, 38, and said he's from San Francisco but had no immediate details on their background.
The official spoke on condition of anonymity because the investigation is ongoing.
Lefiti's cousin, Mack Toia, told KGO-TV (http://abc7ne.ws/2sch61d) they were at the UPS facility waiting to pick up Lefiti when shots rang out. They left their van and saw their cousin sprawled on concrete behind a gate, Toia said.
"The police officers were right on the scene just like that. I got to touch him, but I couldn't hug him," Toia said. "They just pushed me away because they were trying to resuscitate him."
Co-worker Isaiah Miggins said they saw Lefiti, known as "Big Mike," as they arrived for work just before 9 a.m., a few minutes before the shooting started. "He was a joyful man. Always happy," Miggins said.
On social media, heartbroken family members of Lefiti recalled them as a warm-spirited man devoted to their children and family. A photo on their Facebook page shows Lefiti in their brown UPS uniform holding a trophy. They also posted photos of their UPS truck and an award for 15 years of service to the company in 2015.
Chaplin said police have not determined a motive.
A 30-year-old tech worker who lives across the street from the warehouse said they heard up to eight gunshots.
"They were all in rapid succession," said Raymond Deng. "It was like tat, tat, tat, tat, tat, tat, tat."
Deng watched from their window in the Potrero Hill section of San Francisco as workers fled the building. They said another group of about 10 people gathered on the roof and held up their hands waving for help.
"I saw police officers go up from the ramp and then storm the buildings," they said. "It's crazy."
Officers found two victims outside and others inside and pulled the wounded to safety as they confronted the gunman, who was armed with an "assault pistol," Chaplin said.
"The suspect put the gun to their head and discharged the weapon," Chaplin said, adding that police did not fire any shots. Two guns were recovered at the scene, they said.
The shooting occurred the same day a gunman opened fire on Republican lawmakers at a congressional baseball practice in Virginia, wounding U.S. Rep. Steve Scalise of Louisiana and several others.
———
AP writers Janie Har, Jocelyn Gecker and Linda Wang in San Francisco and Mike Balsamo in Los Angeles contributed to this story.
14:17 Reported News Briefs Av 22, 5777 , 14/08/17 Av 22, 5777 , 14/08/17 Charlottesville Jewish community hires security Read more Jewish community hires security guards to protect from 'events,' say haters will not keep Jews away from synagogue. ► ◄ Last Briefs
Mayport Report December 2017
The weather for the month of November felt like winter on more than one occasion. That being said I somehow believe that our weather pattern this year will lean towards cooler temps which might be a really good thing. The trauma we experienced from Hurricane Irma changed our fishing in October and November but, in a good way. The trout bite got kicked started, Virginia croakers fired early, and the flounder staged a little faster than in years past. This bonanza made for an epic fish bite that has continued and I believe will continue into December unless some really super cold front hits us.
Look for the speckled and yellow-mouthed trout to continue to bite well into December from west of the Dames Point bridge to the Mayport Rocks. Float rigs, jig/shrimp combos, plugs, and soft plastics should produce well. Fish docks, rock piles, oyster beds, and grass lines from outgoing high till dead low searching for fairly clean water. I had many good bites of fish just running and gunning from shallow to deep water if I was consistently changing up tackle/bait presentation till I found one that worked.
Look for the big rocks at Mayport to get really fired up on sheepshead, reds, trout, ringtails, black drum, and even margates. Live shrimp on a jig is deadly but float rigs will produce too. Sheepshead can be finicky with shrimp so switch to fiddler crabs to get these toothy wonders to bite. Jig/fiddler combos will produce as well as ¼ of a blue crab or clams as bait. Try working tight to the rocks and move deeper if the bite is slow. Sometimes the fish on the rocks will feed high on the rocks and sometimes they are at the bottom where it meets the sand.
Pogies were around in November and might still be around in December on the beach. If you can net a few runs back to the rocks and work those baits for big redfish. Lots of slot reds can be caught in December with quite a few oversized ones in the mix too.
If you're looking for some black drum action try soaking a ¼ piece of blue crab in the deep water off the north or south tip of the rocks for good sized eating sized fish this time of the year. The bite in November was pretty solid and should only get better.
The offshore action should begin to get better as the water quality begins to improve this month. Look for black sea bass, red snapper, ringtails, puppy sharks, and perhaps a grouper or two to bite. Try soaking some cut Boston mackerel, squid, cuttlefish, or even some huge jumbo shrimp for some fast action on the party grounds from Ponte Vedra to Rabbits Lair and beyond. Be sure to check the regs as usual for what you can or cannot keep. Good fishing to all and wishing everyone a Happy Holiday season and a Merry Christmas.
Listen to the Outdoors Show every Sat from 7-10am on 1010am or 92.5fm for live fishing reports, tides, and weather with Capt Kevin Faver and Jeff Lageman. For Charter info or gift certificates for the holidays contact Capt Kirk at www.Enterprisefishingcharters.com or 904-626-1128.
Discover The World Of Gin, The Storey, Lancaster, Friday, 7-9pm
A Love That Never Dies (12A), The Dukes, Lancaster, Monday, June 4, 6pm
A Love That Never Dies is a personal journey by bereaved parents Jane Harris and BAFTA-winning filmmaker, Jimmy Edmonds whose son died in a road accident seven years ago. The film is unique in its story telling and full of raw honesty. Tickets are priced from £3. For more information call 01524 598500.
Preston Jazz and Improvisation Festival, from Wednesday, June 6
Courtney Pine, the legendary jazz artist, will be headlining the Preston Jazz and Improvisation Festival, an amazing gathering of live music events running between 6 and 10 June at various venues across the city. For the full programme and to book head to the Festival's website www.prestonjazzfest.co.uk.
Family History Fridays, Lancashire Archives, Bow Lane, Preston, Friday, June 8
Each month until the end of the year, Lancashire Archives are opening their doors for a day of family history activities.
There will be free advice and help with your family history problems from members of the Lancashire Family History and Heraldry Society, Getting To Know sessions, a family history surgery and archivists on hand to help in the Searchroom. Open next Friday, 10am-5pm, this month's talk is ‘Census records' by Alan Crosby which takes place at 12.30pm. You can find more details online at www.lancashire.gov.uk/archives or by calling 01772 533039.
Discover The World Of Gin, The Storey, Lancaster, Friday, June 8, 7-9pm
In this fantastic tasting you'll discover a selection of fun and flavourful gin's from around Britain demonstrating the various different styles and flavours each gin has to offer. The tasting will include your very own DIY fruit plate to garnish each gin and it won't just be your traditional ‘tonic water' either. When life hands you lemons, make a gin and tonic! Tickets are £35 and you can book online at www.thelancashirewineschool.com or call 01253 301934.
Father's Day Crafts, Brockholes Nature Reserve, Samlesbury, Saturday, June 9, 10am-4pm
Head to Brockholes next week and get creative by making an extra special present ready in time for Father's Day. There's no need to book and it's just £3 per item. Children must be accompanied by an adult, car parking charges apply. See more at www.brockholes.org.
TORONTO, ON – Canadians seem to think they're good drivers, but that isn't stopping them from bad habits behind the wheel -– including using cellphones, flossing, and being intimate, a new survey conducted for belairdirect has found.
Ninety-five percent of those who were surveyed by Leger Research said they're good drivers, but almost as many (93%) admitted to engaging in at least one bad habit behind the wheel. Identified bad habits included eating and drinking, using a cellphone, applying makeup, and even being romantic or intimate. Fourteen percent admitted to the romantic interludes, and 3% admitted to flossing.
Drivers identified the top three riskiest behaviors on the road as being under the influence (89%), distracted driving (54%), and fatigue (42%).
Drivers aged 18-44 were most likely to admit to using a cellphone, updating a map or GPS, removing an article of clothing like a jacket, or apply makeup while driving. Three in 10 drivers overall admitted to driving through a red light and disobeying road signs.
If they thought they would earn a monetary incentive, drivers were most willing to give up bad habits that involved using cellphones, such as sending a text, checking the phone, or making a call. They were reportedly less enthusiastic about stopping habits such as changing the radio station, turning to talk to another passenger, or sip a beverage while driving. About one in 10 drivers were not willing to give up any of their habits, even if a monetary incentive was involved.
The survey also found that 54% like to sing while driving, and 96% would not steal another driver's parking spot.
Leger Research surveyed 1,551 Canadians between July 24-27 for the results.
Belairdirect provides home and auto insurance.
(AP Photo/Matt Rourke, File). FILE - In this May 16, 2012, file photo, the Facebook logo is displayed on an iPad in Philadelphia. Facebook suspended Cambridge Analytica, a data-analysis firm that worked for President Donald Trump's 2016 campaign, over...
NEW YORK (AP) - The Latest on Cambridge Analytica's use of Facebook data (all times local):
5:50 p.m.
Britain's information commissioner says they will apply for a warrant to access the servers of Cambridge Analytica, which allegedly used data mined from Facebook to help Donald Trump win the 2016 presidential election.
Commissioner Elizabeth Denham said in a statement Monday that they planned to seek the warrant because the British firm had been "uncooperative" in their investigation of whether Facebook data was "illegally acquired and used."
Denham said: "This is a complex and far-reaching investigation for my office, and any criminal or civil enforcement actions arising from it will be pursued vigorously"
___
4:10 p.m.
Data from the Federal Election Commission show that Cambridge Analytica, the firm under fire for inappropriately obtaining Facebook data, earned $5.9 million in 2016 from the campaign to elect Donald Trump for president.
Cambridge also earned $5.8 million from Sen. Ted Cruz's failed presidential campaign.
Cambridge is under increasing scrutiny after newspapers reported the firm obtained data on 50 million Facebook users without their knowledge to subject them to political messages. The company is funded in part by Trump supporter and billionaire financier Robert Mercer.
Facebook suspended the company from using its services Friday, hours before the reports came out.
In total, Cambridge Analytica earned more than $16 million from 2014 to 2016 from nearly 20 Republican candidates and political committees.
___
3:55 p.m.
A newspaper editor says Facebook had threatened to sue The Observer and its sibling The Guardian over its investigation of a Trump-affiliated data-mining firm, Cambridge Analytica.
Stories in The Guardian and The New York Times detail how Cambridge Analytica used an app to obtain user data on some 50 million people without their knowledge in order to subject them to political propaganda. John Mulholland, The Observer's outgoing editor, discloses the lawsuit threat in a Friday tweet .
A Facebook spokesperson says the company sent a letter to the Observer to make the case "that this did not represent a data breach." They didn't respond to questions about whether Facebook threatened legal action.
___
3:40 p.m.
Facebook makes it easy for advertisers to target users based on nuanced information about them. But experts say it's difficult to conclude whether data collection by a Trump-affiliated political firm, Cambridge Analytica, influenced the election.
Jonathan Albright of Columbia University says for this to change Facebook would have to reveal the questions on the psychological profile quiz - or quizzes - that its users took. Then researchers could begin to determine how this data was used to target people.
McKenzie Funk, an Open Society fellow and journalist, has outlined how Cambridge Analytica could have used such psychosocial profiling. In a November 2016 op-ed in The New York Times, they write that President Donald Trump's digital team used hyper-targeted posts to serve different ads to different potential voters, "aiming to push the exact right buttons" at the right time.
___
3:15 p.m.
Facebook says it has hired an outside firm to audit Cambridge Analytica regarding the reported data scraping of as many as 50 million user accounts.
Facebook said on Monday that Cambridge has agreed to give the digital forensics firm Stroz Friedberg "complete access to their servers and systems."
The audit, Facebook says, is to determine if the Facebook data the Cambridge collected still exists or if it's been destroyed.
Facebook has also approached two other individuals - former Cambridge employee-turned-whistleblower Christopher Wylie, and University of Cambridge professor Aleksandr Kogan, who did the scraping - to submit to audits as well.
Cambridge denies keeping data from Kogan's work. Facebook said it would be a "grave violation" of its policies if the data still exists.
___
1:15 p.m.
Experts are saying that Cambridge Analytica, the political firm under fire for inappropriately obtaining data from Facebook, isn't alone in its data-mining capability.
Robert Ricci, a marketing director at Blue Fountain Media, says what makes this case more insidious is its connection with possible elections meddling, something Facebook has been under scrutiny for.
Ricci says marketers are already using similar profiling techniques to sell products and services. What's different here is the use of data to try to influence who you are voting for - or whether you are voting at all.
Cambridge Analytica, whose clients have included Donald Trump's presidential campaign, reportedly used the data of 50 million Facebook customers without permission to build psychological profiles so voters could be targeted with ads and stories.
___
1 p.m.
The head of the European Union's parliament says the bloc will investigate Facebook over the use of its data by a Trump-affiliated data-mining firm.
Cambridge Analytica, whose clients have included Donald Trump's presidential campaign, reportedly used the data of 50 million Facebook customers without permission to build psychological profiles so voters could be targeted with ads and stories.
Antonio Tajani tweeted on Monday: "Allegations of misuse of Facebook user data is an unacceptable violation of our citizens' privacy rights. The European Parliament will investigate fully, calling digital platforms to account." Tajani, who is president of the EU parliament, hasn't provided details.
U.K. lawmakers have already called on Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg to testify before a parliamentary committee about this case.
___
12:35 p.m.
Facebook is having its worst trading day since 2012 as details emerge about how a data mining company working for the Trump campaign improperly obtained and kept data on tens of millions of users during the 2016 election.
A former employee of Cambridge Analytica said Monday on NBC's "Today" that the group identified voters who might be swayed and "injected content" that may or may not be true. Late Friday, Facebook said it would ban Cambridge Analytica, saying the company improperly obtained information from 270,000 people who downloaded a purported research app described as a personality test. Facebook first learned of the breach more than two years ago, but hasn't disclosed it until now.
Facebook shares sank $13.43 in midday trading, putting the stock on pace for its biggest one-day fall since August 2012 and dragging down the rest of the technology sector, with fears rising of increased government regulation.
Alphabet, Google's parent company, lost almost 3 percent and Microsoft fell almost 2 percent.
_______
11:30 a.m.
A former employee of a Trump-affiliated data-mining firm says it used algorithms that "took fake news to the next level" using data inappropriately obtained from Facebook.
Chris Wylie says the firm, Cambridge Analytica, secured personal data in order to learn about individuals and then used it to create an information cocoon to change their perceptions.
They say the firm used "informational dominance" to capture every channel of information around a person to surround them with curated information, changing their perception of what's actually happening.
In an interview Monday on NBC's "Today," Wylie said Cambridge Analytica aimed to "explore mental vulnerabilities of people.
While Wylie said they don't know to what extent Trump's campaign used the techniques, they said Trump's former campaign manager Corey Lewandowski was meeting with Cambridge Analytica in 2015, before Trump even announced their run for office.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
We haven't seen much of WWE Universal Champion Brock Lesnar on Monday Night Raw since they defeated A.J. Styles at Survivor Series last month. While Lesnar's absence from Raw is nothing new, the time off has led to rampant speculation around who Lesnar should face for the title at Royal Rumble on January 28th.
It appears as though WWE is finally going to answer that question on Raw Monday night. WWE announcer Charly Caruso revealed on WWE's Twitter feed that Braun Strowman will face Kane in Raw's main event, and the winner of that match will challenge Brock Lesnar at Royal Rumble for Lesnar's Universal Championship.
PARIS (AP) — Pressure is mounting on a member of French President Emmanuel Macron's government accused of rape.
Budget Minister Gerald Darmanin strongly denies wrongdoing, and other government members have rallied around him. Darmanin is the highest-ranking French official accused of sexual misconduct since the Hollywood scandals that broke last year.
Nearly 3,000 people signed an online petition launched by a feminist group urging the prime minister to fire Darmanin. It argues that ministers facing corruption investigations have lost their jobs in the past, and asks whether being accused of a sexual crime "is less serious."
Prime Minister Edouard Philippe's office said Monday that they continue to have confidence in Darmanin.
A preliminary investigation is underway into an accusation that Darmanin raped them when they sought legal help in 2009.
The surging Los Angeles Sparks will try to stay hot when they play host to the winless San Antonio Stars on Thursday night at Staples Center in Los Angeles.
Los Angeles (6-3) has won four of its last five games. The Sparks are second in the WNBA's Western Conference, three games behind the undefeated Minnesota Lynx.
San Antonio (0-9) is the only team in the league that has yet to win a game.
The Sparks opened a three-game homestand with a 97-87 victory over the Dallas Wings on Tuesday. Chelsea Gray scored a team-high 24 points for Los Angeles, which shot 57.4 percent from the field.
Reigning WNBA MVP Nneka Ogwumike scored 21 points in the win over Dallas. Candace Parker posted 17 points, seven rebounds and five assists.
Los Angeles led by 17 points in the first quarter and went up by 18 in the second. The Wings stormed back to get within five later in the opening half, but the Sparks regained control and led by 20 going into the fourth quarter.
"The first quarter was a nice insurance policy, but they still came back," Ogwumike told the Long Beach Press-Telegram. "No matter what your lead is, you can't let your guard down like that."
Los Angeles coach Brian Agler was pleased with their team's performance against the Wings, who defeated the Sparks last week in Dallas.
"I thought we played really good defense in the first quarter," Agler said. "They're a hard team to defend."
The Stars are coming off an 85-81 overtime loss to the Chicago Sky, their narrowest defeat of the season. They lost their first eight games by an average of 10 points per game.
"The most important thing for us is trying to close," Stars coach Vickie Johnson told the San Antonio Express-News. "When the game is tied, that's when your mental focus has to go to another level."
Moriah Jefferson and Dearica Hamby combined for 35 points off the bench for San Antonio. Jefferson had 18 points, five steals and four assists. Hamby had 17 points, five rebounds, four assists and four steals.
Kayla McBride had 15 points and six rebounds for the Stars. San Antonio's other four starters combined for just 12 points on 5-of-26 shooting.
"I think we fought a lot harder than what we've done in the past, but then we got into overtime and we slipped up," Jefferson told the Express-News. "We had too many turnovers, and when you have that many turnovers in the second half you cannot win."
Confusion reigned as Tyson Fury's National Anti Doping Panel hearing failed to start as planned on Monday.
Both Morecambe's former world heavyweight and UK Anti-Doping were expected to finally bring an end to their dispute this week.
The 29-year-old and their cousin and fellow fighter Hughie, 23, tested positive for the banned steroid nandrolone in February 2015.
The pair, however, were not charged by UKAD until June 2016, by which time Tyson had beaten Wladimir Klitschko.
A rematch with the Ukrainian was scheduled for July 2016 but Fury postponed the fight, citing a sprained ankle, on the same day the charge was announced.
Both Hughie and Tyson Fury have strongly denied the nandrolone charge, claiming the positive was a result of eating wild boar that had not been castrated - a defence similar to the one used by cycling star Alberto Contador when they tested positive for a steroid in 2010.
The Fury case has been complicated by several other factors, though, as Tyson Fury failed a test for cocaine in September 2016 and later admitted using the recreational drug to deal with depression.
Having already postponed another Klitschko rematch date and facing the prospect of having their titles stripped from him, Fury relinquished their belts on October 12.
A day later, the British Boxing Board of Control (BBBoC) suspended their licence and their career has been in limbo ever since.
The anti-doping tribunal was halted back in August after just one day because one of the lawyers involved had a conflict of interest.
The arbitration panel were set to hear evidence for at least two days before retiring to deliberate and write their decision.
That process usually takes a few weeks, which would push the verdict back until January.
The next move now is unclear with Fury having stepped up a potential comeback in recent weeks, returning to the gym and signing a management deal with MTK Global.
Transcript for Surveillance footage captures man detonating pipe bomb in New York terror attack
The governor calling it, quote, one of our worst nightmares. Video capturing the moment the attack attacker's bomb went off before it was supposed to. A massive police and fire response shutting down times square. Police say the suspect is an immigrant from Bangladesh. They survived this, and tonight, what he's now telling police. As we as learn authorities say they were wearing the bombing the entire time, from the moment they boarded the train in Brooklyn, during their trim to times square. ABC's gio Benitez leading us off. Reporter: Tonight, this is the moment authorities are calling about act of terror. Surveillance camera footage capturing a man detonating a homemade pipe bomb strapped to their body. Here from another angle, the suspect circled. Surrounded by unsuspecting commuters. Then suddenly, an explosion. A cloud of smoke. The crowd disperses. Injuring five and looefg the suspect on the ground, still alive, and so was everyone around him. The bomb only partially detonated. This was an attempted terrorist attack. Thank god the perpetrator did not achieve their ultimate goals. Reporter: The attack striking the heart of New York City in the middle of this morning's rush hour. A law enforcement source tells ABC news the suspect had been on the train for some time, the bomb strapped to them the whole time. Evacuating at this time. Reporter: Police responding to a reported explosion at around 7:20 this morning near times square. In a jam-packed, underground tunnel beneath New York's port authority bus terminal. Officials say these four police officers approached the suspect, still on the ground. Identifying the man as 27-year-old akayed Ullah, originally from Bangladesh. They moved to America seven years ago on a family Visa and has a green card. Suffering injuries to their arms and torso, they were taken to the hospital. It was there, officials say, they told them they were inspired by ISIS propaganda, and built the makeshift bomb in their Brooklyn apartment using instructions they found on the internet. He's believed to have acted alone. The device was based on a pipe bomb. It was affixed to their person with a combination of velcro and zip ties. Reporter: According to a law enforcement source, the bomb was built from a pipe about 12 inches in length with black powder and rigged with a nine-volt battery and a wire that came from a Christmas light. Because it was strapped with zip ties and velcro, the assumption is they were prepared to die. In the immediate aftermath, commuters quickly evacuated. The police were all behind them yelling, "Everybody out of the building, everybody out of the building!" Reporter: Christina Bethea was in that tunnel, saw the explosion and safely ran from it. What's going through your mind right now as you see all of this going on? This is where you work? If I don't believe in no god, I believe in god today. That's nhe only thing I could say. Reporter: The NYPD, outfitted with assault rifles, locking down the scene, checking for other possible devices. The normally packed subway platforms, today, empty. And we are underground right now in the subway station and you can see right there, it is all boarded up, because beyond that point, that is where the pipe bomb detonated. Bomb-sniffing dogs brought in. Choppers roared overhead. While in Brooklyn, the FBI searching three different homes in the area thought to be connected to the suspect. Their family inside. Neighbors stunned. We all know each other. We're all friends. We all go to the same church. I mean -- I'm shocked. And gio Benitez with us live tonight outside the scene O the blast in the heart of New York. And gio, just moments ago, we heard from the suspect's family? Reporter: That's right, David. We just got this through a spokesperson, the family says this. "We are heart broken by the violence and allegations," and they add, "We have confidence that the justice system will find the trust behind this attack." David? Gio Benitez leading us off.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
On a mobile device? Click here to watch live
The National Hurricane Center (NHC) reported Tropical Storm Nate is strengthening over the Caribbean Sea as it swiftly moves toward the southern Gulf of Mexico and its projected path shifts to the east.
JUST IN: 1 PM advisory for T.S. #Nate. No significant changes noted. Won't get a new track until 4 PM. #LAwx pic.twitter.com/C8BRfftEmR — Steve Caparotta (@SteveWAFB) October 6, 2017
At 1 p.m., the storm was located at 19.4 North, 85.3 West, or about 125 miles east southeast of Cozumel, Mexico. The storm is moving north-northwest at 21 mph and maximum sustained winds were 50 mph.
The NHC added an Air Force Reserve and NOAA Hurricane Hunter aircraft were investigating Nate over the northwestern Caribbean Sea when the 7 a.m. advisory was issued.
Grand Isle, Lafitte, and some areas of St. Bernard Parish not protected by the levee system are currently under a mandatory evacuation order. Port Fourchon is under a voluntary evacuation order. At this time, no evacuation orders have been issued in the Baton Rouge area.
Latest forecast warns of 4 to 7 feet of storm surge...that would be near and east of center. Exact track key for this element of #Nate. — Steve Caparotta (@SteveWAFB) October 6, 2017
WATCHES AND WARNINGS:
Hurricane Warning Grand Isle, Louisiana to the Alabama/Florida border
Storm Surge Warning Morgan City, Louisiana to the Alabama/Florida border and for northern and western shores of Lake Pontchartrain
Tropical Storm Warning New Orleans, Lake Pontchartrain, Lake Maurepas, and from west of Grand Isle to Morgan City
Hurricane Watch East of Alabama/Florida border to Okaloosa/Walton County Line
Storm Surge Watch East of Alabama/Florida border to Indian Pass, Florida
Tropical Storm Watch East of Okaloosa/Walton County Line to Indian Pass, Florida
Gov. John Bel Edwards has declared a state of emergency for the entire state of Louisiana in anticipation of potential severe weather and heavy rainfall threatened by Tropical Storm Nate.
"We are taking the potential impacts of Tropical Storm Nate seriously and mobilizing all of the state's emergency preparedness and response mechanisms for a full readiness should this storm severely impact our state,” said Gov. Edwards. “I encourage all Louisianans throughout the state to stay tuned to their local weather outlets and get a game plan in the event of severe weather in our area."
They will meet with state officials Friday afternoon to discuss updates on Tropical Storm Nate. They will then hold a briefing to provide the public with the necessary details from that meeting.
CLICK HERE to download the WAFB First Alert Weather App
Copyright 2017 WAFB. All rights reserved.
Interest Successfully Added
We'll notify you here with news about AlertTag
Turn on desktop notifications for breaking stories about interest?
Older versions, like Windows XP and Server 2003, are almost certainly vulnerable and will stay that way
Microsoft on Friday said it had patched most of the Windows vulnerabilities purportedly exploited by the National Security Agency (NSA) using tools that were leaked last week.
The Windows flaws were disclosed by the hacking gang Shadow Brokers in a large data dump earlier Friday. The group has released several collections of documents about the internal operations of the NSA, and the code it allegedly has used to compromise computers and other devices worldwide.
"Most of the exploits that were disclosed fall into vulnerabilities that are already patched in our supported products," Phillip Misner, a group manager in the Microsoft Security Response Center (MSRC), wrote in a post to a company blog.
Misner listed nine exploits included in the Shadow Brokers' dump, and named the security updates that patched the vulnerabilities each exploit leveraged. The updates had been issued from October 2008 to March 2017. And four of the nine were addressed in the MS17-010 security bulletin, which was released March 14.
Three other Windows exploits, Misner continued, had not been patched. "None reproduces on supported platforms, which means that customers running Windows 7 and more recent versions of Windows, or Exchange 2010 and newer versions of Exchange, are not at risk," they said [emphasis added]. "Customers still running prior versions of these products are encouraged to upgrade to a supported offering."
Miser's wording was important: Because the three exploits relied on vulnerabilities that were either not present or not effective in Windows 7 and later, the company would not be patching those editions. However, they implied that earlier versions are vulnerable.
Microsoft retired Windows Vista last week, and the even older Windows XP more than three years ago. The latter would be at risk, since it hasn't received security updates since 2014, and thus could be vulnerable to at least four and perhaps as many as seven of the 12 exploits. (Even though it was retired this month, it appeared that Vista was patched against most of the NSA exploits, perhaps all of them.)
Some of the exploits allegedly used by the NSA relied on vulnerabilities in older and not-supported SKUs (stock-selling units) of Windows Server, according to Matt Suiche, founder of the security firm Comaeio, who named Windows 2003 specifically.
But even the SKUs for which Microsoft has issued updates may be vulnerable if customers have not applied the fixes. That would especially apply to MS17-010, issued just over a month ago and thus unlikely to have been deployed by every enterprise.
Suiche recommended that users, even those still running the continues-to-be-patched Windows 7, upgrade to the newest SKU, Windows 10. "It is considerably harder to exploit bugs on Windows 10 than it is on Windows 7," Suiche asserted. "If you didn't yet, you should upgrade your OS to Windows 10 ASAP."
PARIS (AP) — French authorities have deployed boats and helicopters off the coast of southwest France to search for the chief executive of sportswear maker Quiksilver after their empty boat was found washed ashore.
The port authority of the Atlantic beach town of Capbreton said the search was launched after Pierre Agnes' empty boat was found washed up Tuesday in nearby Hossegor.
Maritime authorities said two boats and three helicopters are involved in the search.
The area is known for intense, sometimes dangerous waves that are prized by surfers.
Quiksilver, known for its surf wear, was founded in Australia but is now majority-owned by an American investment group and based in Huntington Beach, California. Agnes was the head of its France-based European headquarters before being named CEO of the whole company in 2015.
Olympic skiing champion Jean Vuarnet, who helped pioneer the aerodynamic tuck position for downhill racers but suffered tragedy with the deaths of their wife and son in a doomsday cult murder-suicide, has died, the French Olympic Committee announced Monday. They were 83.
Vuarnet died of a stroke, a statement by the committee said.
The Frenchman won Olympic gold in the downhill at the 1960 winter games in Squaw Valley, California. Rejecting wooden skis, they were the first skier to win an Olympic gold on metal skis.
They were also the only competitor in that race to use the speedier low tuck position, squatting down with knees bent.
Vuarnet later lent their name to a successful brand of eyewear and was involved in the development of the Avoriaz ski resort in the French Alps.
Born in the Tunisian capital of Tunis on Jan. 18, 1933, Vuarnet grew up in the Alpine Morzine region of France
In 1995, Vuarnet's wife, Edith, and their youngest son, Patrick, were among 16 people who died in a murder-suicide involving the Order of the Solar Temple doomsday group.
French police discovered the charred remains of 14 victims — arranged in a star formation — in a forest clearing near the Alpine city of Grenoble. Two other bodies were found nearby.
Investigators said police officer Jean-Pierre Lardanchet and Swiss architect Andre Friedli fatally shot the others, doused the bodies with gasoline and set them afire before killing themselves. Autopsies showed that most had taken sleep-inducing drugs.
By MARTIN CRUTSINGER
AP Economics Writer
WASHINGTON (AP) - Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen, the first woman to head the nation's central bank, got a boisterous send-off from Fed staff, but they aren't taking any time off. After their last day at the Fed on Friday, they will start a new job Monday at the Brookings Institution.
The Washington think tank announced that Yellen will be joining the institution's Hutchins Center on Fiscal and Monetary Policy as a distinguished fellow in residence. One of their colleagues will be their predecessor, former Chairman Ben Bernanke, who joined Brookings in 2014 when they stepped down from the Fed.
In an interview on their last day, Yellen said for the first time publicly that they were disappointed that President Donald Trump did not nominate them for a second term.  They are the first Fed leader not to be given the chance to serve a second term in four decades.
"I would have liked to serve an additional term and I did make that clear" when they interviewed with Trump, Yellen said in an interview broadcast by PBS. "So I would say I was disappointed not to be re-appointed."
But Yellen said that they were grateful for the Fed career they did have which covered not only a four-year term as Fed chair but also serving as Fed vice chair for four years before that and also service as president of the Fed's San Francisco regional bank.
"I really have had a seat at the table through tumultuous times including the financial crisis and the recovery and its wake and I am very satisfied with the career that I have had."
In a tweet Friday, Bernanke said, "I congratulate Janet on their outstanding public service and look forward to being their colleague at the Brookings Institution."
Trump decided against offering them a second term and instead tapped Fed board member Jerome Powell. Powell will be sworn on Monday.
Hundreds of Fed staffers gathered Thursday to celebrate Yellen's Fed tenure, welcoming them with prolonged applause when they appeared in the Fed's giant atrium, according to participants at the staff gathering. Yellen told the staff that they would be in good hands under Powell's leadership.
In their remarks, Powell praised Yellen as the most qualified person to hold the job of Fed chair in the central bank's history.
Powell, who has served on the Fed board with Yellen since 2012, ended their remarks by popping the collar of their suit jacket. They joined other Fed staffers and others online have used the #PopYourCollar hashtag on social media in recent days in tribute to Yellen's trademark wardrobe style of wearing their collars turned up.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
by Christopher Sprague, Contributing Writer
Hello Anglers,
This weekend I went in the new Jupiter 43 with our partner Bill Bachman and their kids. The boat by itself rode nicely in the ocean, but with the new Sea keeper, you didn't feel any waves. The Sea keeper keeps the boat from rocking. With the 4 Yamaha 300s, it kept a fast speed while going right through the waves. Last weekend My Dad, the captain of Spiced Rum III, Bill Wummer, and I took 6 other Yamaha workers out to catch some kingfish. For some of them, it was their first-time fishing in the ocean. My dad and Bill Wummer would put out the flat lines and downriggers down, while I drove the boat to our spot.
We ended up fishing in the Juno/ Jupiter area which has a lot of kingfish, but a lot of sharks. We knew we would have to reel the fish in fast. We put our lines out and waited. We got our first fish on fast. We handed it to one of the Yamaha people and they reeled it in. We saw the silver in the water and Bill Wummer gaffed it. It was around a 15-pound kingfish. We ended up catching around 5 more fish, most being 10-20 pounds. We caught all the fish on downriggers and most important of all is that we all had a great time out on the ocean.
Tight Lines
Christopher Sprague
A Syracuse University professor recently urged students and colleagues to help “finish...off” the “fascists” who were demonstrating against Sharia law.
According to NPR, the Syracuse rally was marked by tensions between the anti-Sharia protesters—many of whom reportedly dressed in military-style fatigues—and self-styled “anti-fascist” (a.k.a., “antifa”) counter-protesters wearing face masks and carrying flags.
"We almost have the fascists in [sic] on the run...come down to the federal building to finish them off."
[RELATED: Twitter threats land Rutgers prof in loony bin]
“We almost have the fascists in [sic] on the run,” Professor Dana Cloud tweeted Saturday, referring to the local “March Against Sharia” demonstration taking place that day. “Syracuse people come down to the federal building to finish them off.”
A self-proclaimed socialist, Cloud has been featured on Turning Point USA's Professor Watchlist for blaming the U.S. for 9/11 and for rewriting the Pledge of Allegiance to the people of Iraq, Palestine and Afghanistan.
The “March Against Sharia” protests, organized by a pro-Donald Trump organization called ACT for America, have been met with resistance from “antifa” groups who contend that the group is using the threat of Sharia as a pretext to stoke anti-Muslim bias, though ACT maintains that it is merely drawing attention to the threat of incorporating elements of Sharia into the American justice system.
[RELATED: Drexel prof claims white genocide tweet was merely satire]
Lisa Joseph, who organized the ACT event in Syracuse, asserted that while they are not aware of any specific instances in which Sharia law has been implemented in this country, ACT is committed to “guarding against it” in order to ensure that “radical Islamist ideology [does] not hijack the peaceful Muslims here in this country”—a sentiment echoed by Syracuse student Ryan Dunn.
“People think it's a legal system that Muslims are trying to impose on Americans,” Dunn told Campus Reform. “However, no one wants America governed by Sharia law, including American Muslims.”
The Syracuse Post-Standard reports that no violence took place at the local demonstration, though demonstrators on both sides engaged in a prolonged shouting match from opposite sides of a street.
Campus Reform reached out to professor Cloud, but did not get a response in time for publication.
Follow Campus Reform on Twitter: @CampusReform
Search
Jess Phillips on the absolute sexism of the “Absolute Boys” on the Left…
“They [the left-wing men] are the worst, the actual worst. Men said they supported better female representation but, when it came to losing their own jobs, they would say, ‘Oh, you mean me? But I am so clever. I've got so much to offer the world'. They are literally the worst.”
Caster Semenya was a consummate winner of the two-lapper as they clocked a personal best and world-leading 1min 55.16sec to claim gold at the IAAF World Championships in London.
Public parking garage break-ins down in San Francisco @abc7newsbayarea pic.twitter.com/RBV6fmdoBY — Melanie Woodrow (@MelanieWoodrow) April 24, 2018
Safety reforms coming to ALL city owned parking garages pic.twitter.com/FEZrcCaQET — Melanie Woodrow (@MelanieWoodrow) April 24, 2018
There's great news for anyone who parks in San Francisco as officials announced Tuesday that car break-ins are down 83-percent at the Sutter-Stockton garage in Union Square and improvements are expected elsewhere as well.Steven Shepherd and Cathrina Serrano are in San Francisco from San Diego. They parked their vehicle in the Sutter-Stockton garage for two days while they've been sight seeing."I saw the signs warning and we kind of thought we should check out the car before we go," said Shepherd."We didn't know," said Serrano.While families vacation, others are staking out their vehicles."I call it criminal tourism and it actually must stop," said District 2 Supervisor Catherine Stefani."This is a team effort," said SFPD Chief William Scott.Improvements include fencing, lighting, signage, high definition cameras and a dedicated foot patrol officer.Thieves aren't just stealing stuff.Last year, someone broke into Julia Wilkinson's rental car at the Fisherman's Wharf garage and stole their father's ashes. Wilkinson was visiting from North Carolina to spread them in their father's favorite city. A fews days later, someone turned their father's ashes in to an undercover officer.Earlier this year, a known criminal targeting cars in the Sutter-Stockton garage, threw a five year old chihuahua off the 7th floor during a car break-in."The only way the police were able to identify the perpetrator was because of a private dashboard camera that captured the entire crime," said Supervisor Stefani.Officials say they're not declaring victory yet."You see a park smart sign behind us not a mission accomplished sign," said SFMTA Director of Transportation Ed Reiskin.Still the future looks promising, reforms will be implemented at all 22 city owned garages by the end of next year or early 2020.
Canada's top female curlers will be “hurrying hard” in St. Catharines this week for the Scotties Tournament of Hearts. This will be the first time the competition will be held in the Niagara area.
There is plenty on the line for the 15 teams competing in the tournament. The winning team will represent Canada in the Women's World Championship in Beijing, China. All 10 provinces and 3 territories will be represented in the tournament, the first time that has ever happened in the tournaments history.
“If they medal at the worlds then they are automatically into the Olympic trials in Ottawa.” Doug Geddie, Curling Canada.
The sport has grown since being officially added to the Olympics in 1998 and two years ago more than half a million Canadians tuned in to watch the Scotties.
Curling Canada says over 60% of tickets for the opening and closing day have been sold. The tournament kicks off this Saturday and runs until next weekend.
POUND, VA (WJHL) – Two Southwest Virginia police officers avoided serious injury after a suspect sped away from a traffic stop this weekend.
Pound, Va. Police Chief Tony Baker said two officers pulled over Dana Neil Howard for speeding on U.S. Highway 23 late Friday night.
After Howard reportedly tried to give the officers fake identification, they asked them to turn the ignition off and to get out of the car.
Howard refused and sped away, running over one officer's foot and hitting the other officer with the passenger side of the car.
A pursuit ensued until Howard crossed into Kentucky, where state police captured him.
Howard was charged with assault on law enforcement officers, attempt to forge a public document, felony elude, driving under the influence and driving suspended.
Baker said the officers involved in the incident did not require medical attention.
Copyright 2017 WJHL. All rights reserved.
With the New England Revolution in the middle of a condensed portion of their schedule and Atlanta United about to embark on a challenging slate of games, fitness could be the deciding factor when the teams meet Wednesday night.
New England (5-4-3) opened a stretch of three matches in eight days with a 3-3 road draw against the Vancouver Whitecaps on Saturday. Cristian Penilla and Teal Bunbury scored second-half goals for the Revolution, who fell to 1-2-2 on the road.
"We'll take the point, we'll learn from our mistakes and we'll move on to Wednesday real quick," New England goalkeeper Matt Turner told the team's official website.
After facing Atlanta (8-3-1), the Revolution remain at home to face the New York Red Bulls on Saturday. Bunbury, the club leader with six goals, recently noted that this part of the schedule is key with the club currently sixth in the Eastern Conference, one point behind Orlando City.
"You don't really want to think about all these games you have, but it's a part of the job. We knew these games were coming at some point, but that's part of it. That's why we have a tough preseason, that's why we have tough training sessions to be fit, to have good endurance," they said
New England and Atlanta played to a scoreless draw in Massachusetts last Sept. 30, just 17 days after the Five Stripes matched the league record for largest margin of victory with a 7-0 beating of a nine-man Revs squad in Georgia.
New England is 4-2-1 at Gillette Stadium, while Atlanta has won four of five on the road in 2018.
The Five Stripes are tied with Columbus for the top spot in the tightly packed East. Both teams are one point ahead of New York City FC and three in front of the Red Bulls.
A break for Atlanta may have come at an opportune time. Starting with this contest, coach Gerardo Martino's squad plays four matches in 15 days, including road contests at NYCFC and Columbus.
Story Continues
However, Atlanta hasn't strung together consecutive wins since beating the Montreal Impact on April 28 and the Chicago Fire on May 5. The Five Stripes have alternated wins and losses in their last four matches as they play for the first time after falling 3-1 to the Red Bulls on May 20.
"It seems like we are getting every team at an interesting point in their season," midfielder Jeff Larentowicz told the Atlanta Journal-Constitution. "Sporting (KC) comes in in first place. Red Bulls have been climbing the table. Orlando won six or seven straight, Zlatan (Ibrahimovic) had just gotten to LA.
"I think mentally it's been difficult because the games have been so big."
Atlanta has 26 goals this year and boasts two of the top eight goal scorers in MLS. Forward Josef Martinez has eight goals to tie Bradley Wright-Phillips of the Red Bulls, David Villa of NYCFC and Columbus' Gyasi Zardes for the Golden Boot lead. United midfielder Miguel Almiron has six goals on a league-high 61 shots.
Martinez scored three times, twice on penalty kicks, in last season's rout of the Revolution.
Atlanta will be without suspended defenders Greg Garza and Leandro Gonzalez Pirez for this match.
An evening of fresh food, exhilarating performances, and Hawaiian culture awaits at KA WA'A L'au! Before the show begins, guests can participate in various traditional Hawaiian arts including, kapa printing, flower arranging, pai ai taro pounding, and obtaining temporary kakau tattoos. After the L'au introduction and welcome chant, guests are invited to enjoy a lavish Hawaiian feast. With a variety of culinary options including a meat carving station, fresh local seafood, decadent desserts, and kids' selections, KA WA'A L'au is teeming with cuisine the whole family will enjoy! When the L'au begins, the audience will observe breathtaking performances that bring to life the culture and legends of Hawaii. Click here for more information on the activities.Aulani, A Disney Resort and Spa92-1185 Ali'inui Dr, Kapolei, HI 96707(866) 443-4763for more information.
LONDON (AP) — The Latest from Wimbledon (all times local):
11:45 a.m.
Play is underway on Day 3 at Wimbledon, with former finalist Milos Raonic of Canada among the early starters as the second round begins at the England Club.
The 13th-seeded Raonic was playing John Millman of Australia as they bid to reach the third round for a sixth straight year. They lost the 2016 final to Andy Murray and reached the quarterfinals last year.
No. 10 Madison Keys of the United States was the highest-seeded woman in early action, playing Luksika Kumkhum of Thailand.
Roger Federer and Serena Williams were both set to play on Centre Court later.
___
10:45 a.m.
Roger Federer and Serena Williams are both back on Centre Court at Wimbledon on Wednesday as they look to advance to the third round.
Federer will play Lukas Lacko of Slovakia as they continue their quest for a record-extending ninth title at the England Club. Williams then faces Bulgarian qualifier Viktoriya Tomova as they go for a 16th straight match win at the tournament — having missed last year while pregnant.
Australian Open champion Caroline Wozniacki and last year's men's runner-up, Marin Cilic, are also back in action as they try to avoid more upsets at the tournament. Three of the top-10 seeded men lost in the first round, while former champions Maria Sharapova and Petra Kvitova also went out on Tuesday.
The forecast calls for more sunny skies, although there is a 30 percent chance of rain showers in the afternoon.
___
More AP tennis coverage: https://www.apnews.com/tag/apf-Tennis
By Sean Hartnett
» More Columns
Bradley Wright-Phillips is in the best form of their career.
The 32-year-old striker followed up a two-goal performance against NYCFC with the game-winning goal for the Red Bulls against Orlando City on Saturday.
Wright-Phillips has notched five goals during their four-game league scoring streak.  They are shedding the label of being a striker who scores only in bunches, and goes missing for stretches.
The Englishman scored a poacher's goal in the 60th minute on Saturday, converting a feed across the box from Alex Muyl. The Red Bulls went on to defeat Orlando City 3-1, winning 55.2 percent of possession and outshooting the visitors 11-7.
Wright-Phillips was replaced by Gonzalo Veron in the 68th minute to ensure their freshness for Tuesday's U.S. Open Cup semifinal against FC Cincinnati.
Head coach Jesse Marsch has seen an uptick in Wright-Phillips' predatory instincts. The veteran striker has collected 14 goals in 23 league appearances this season. They narrowly missed converting a sensational overhead kick on Saturday, skimming the crossbar. Orlando goalkeeper Joe Bendik was clearly beaten, but a slice of poor luck denied Wright-Phillips a brace.
“The thing that I'm most pleased with is that he's just now become so much more of a cutthroat goal scorer,” Red Bulls head coach Jesse Marsch said of BWP. “He's always been a great goal scorer, but lately, it's like he's focused now. When they get the chance to make sure that they bury it, and if it doesn't come right away, to stick with the game and concentrate and make sure that he's putting themselves in front of goal to make plays, has been great.”
Midfielder Sean Davis capped Saturday's victory by scoring on a long-distance curler. The 24-year-old Holmdel Township, New Jersey native was named the Man of the Match.
“Outstanding. Outstanding. Outstanding,” Marsch said of Davis' performance. “Sean has covered ground, pressed well, counter-pressed well, battled in the midfield, slowed down for us, made great attacking plays, been dangerous around the goal. Complete performances. Complete performances.
“We have all have seen over the last three years what a good player Sean is and it has just been trying to unlock them a little bit and then tactically trying to think about how to use them appropriately,” Marsch added. “I think of all the … I mean, the two people that this formation I think has rewarded the most are Danny Royer and Sean Davis and they have obviously been incredibly important players for us in the last couple months here. Really happy for Sean. He's showing all the great qualities we know they have, and I think he's establishing themselves at a really high level now.”
The Red Bulls sit in fourth place in the Eastern Conference with 38 points (12-9-2). They have won seven out of their last eight matches in all competitions. Now, their attention will turn back to the U.S. Open Cup.
Marsch clearly had an eye on the next round during Saturday's MLS match. They subbed off Wright-Phillips early, replaced Aurélien Collin with Damien Perrinelle in the 76th minute and gave Connor Lade a breather in the 82nd minute, with Kemar Lawrence coming on.
Tuesday's match against FC Cincinnati will kick off at 8 p.m. at the University of Cincinnati's Nippert Stadium.
Follow Sean on Twitter at @HartnettHockey
All Times EST EASTERN CONFERENCE GP W L OT Pts GF GA Tampa Bay 50 34 13 3 71 176 128 Boston 48 29 11 8 66 157 119 Washington 49 29 15 5 63 150 138 Toronto 51 28 18 5 61 162 146 Pittsburgh 52 28 21 3 59 156 155 New Jersey 49 25 16 8 58 147 147 Columbus 50 27 19 4 58 133 140 Philadelphia 49 24 17 8 56 141 141 N.Y. Rangers 50 25 20 5 55 153 151 N.Y. Islanders 51 25 21 5 55 173 184 Carolina 50 23 19 8 54 139 155 Florida 48 20 22 6 46 136 159 Detroit 48 19 21 8 46 126 146 Montreal 49 20 23 6 46 129 156 Ottawa 48 15 24 9 39 125 168 Buffalo 50 14 27 9 37 115 166 WESTERN CONFERENCE GP W L OT Pts GF GA Vegas 48 32 12 4 68 164 128 Winnipeg 51 30 13 8 68 167 137 Nashville 47 29 11 7 65 145 123 St. Louis 51 30 18 3 63 148 130 Dallas 50 28 18 4 60 155 134 San Jose 49 26 16 7 59 145 138 Minnesota 50 27 18 5 59 147 142 Anaheim 51 25 17 9 59 144 142 Calgary 49 25 16 8 58 137 135 Colorado 48 27 18 3 57 157 139 Los Angeles 49 26 18 5 57 139 121 Chicago 49 23 19 7 53 146 136 Edmonton 49 22 24 3 47 135 157 Vancouver 49 19 24 6 44 127 159 Arizona 50 12 29 9 33 118 172
NOTE: Two points for a win, one point for overtime loss. Top three teams in each division and two wild cards per conference advance to playoffs.
Monday's Games No games scheduled
Tuesday's Games
Minnesota 3, Columbus 2, SO
Pittsburgh 5, San Jose 2
Florida 4, N.Y. Islanders 1
Anaheim 3, Boston 1
Carolina 2, Ottawa 1
New Jersey 3, Buffalo 1
Winnipeg 3, Tampa Bay 1
Montreal at St. Louis, 8 p.m.
Chicago at Nashville, 8 p.m.
Los Angeles at Dallas, 8:30 p.m.
Vegas at Calgary, 9 p.m.
Colorado at Vancouver, 10 p.m.
Wednesday's Games
N.Y. Islanders at Toronto, 7:30 p.m.
San Jose at Detroit, 8 p.m.
Philadelphia at Washington, 8 p.m.
Thursday's Games
Toronto at N.Y. Rangers, 7 p.m.
Montreal at Carolina, 7 p.m.
St. Louis at Boston, 7 p.m.
Florida at Buffalo, 7 p.m.
Anaheim at Ottawa, 7 p.m.
Philadelphia at New Jersey, 7 p.m.
Vegas at Winnipeg, 8 p.m.
Los Angeles at Nashville, 8:30 p.m.
Tampa Bay at Calgary, 9 p.m.
Dallas at Arizona, 9 p.m.
Colorado at Edmonton, 9 p.m.
Chicago at Vancouver, 10 p.m.
Friday's Games
Washington at Pittsburgh, 7 p.m.
Detroit at Carolina, 7 p.m.
San Jose at Columbus, 7 p.m.
Vegas at Minnesota, 8 p.m.
New York Mets' Curtis Granderson (3) celebrates with teammates after a baseball game against the Chicago Cubs on Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in New York. The jets won 9-4. (AP Photo/Frank Franklin II)
NEW YORK (AP) -- Curtis Granderson opened a five-run eighth inning with their 300th homer, a tiebreaking shot that helped the New York Mets rally past the Chicago Cubs for a 9-4 victory Wednesday night.
Injury replacement Lucas Duda added a three-run homer off Hector Rondon, and T.J. Rivera capped the outburst with an RBI single for their third hit.
With sluggers Yoenis Cespedes and Michael Conforto on the bench to begin the game, the resurgent Mets came back from a 4-1 deficit and took two of three from the defending World Series champions despite losing second baseman Neil Walker to a left leg injury.
Granderson received a standing ovation and came out for a curtain call after connecting in the eighth off Carl Edwards Jr. (2-1).
Jerry Blevins (4-0) struck out three of their four batters to earn the win.
Juan Lagares hit a tying triple with two outs in the sixth, the start of a meltdown by Chicago's bullpen that allowed New York to bail out starter Matt Harvey. The right-hander gave up three home runs in four innings, including Anthony Rizzo's latest leadoff shot and a mammoth drive by Kyle Schwarber.
Batting leadoff Tuesday for the first time in their career, Rizzo homered on Zack Wheeler's second pitch to spark a 14-3 rout by the Cubs. The 240-pound slugger did themselves one better this time, connecting on the first pitch from Harvey and prompting excited high-fives from giddy teammates in the dugout.
Chicago rookie Ian Happ, who hit a grand slam the previous night, followed with their seventh home run and the Cubs had a 2-0 lead after seven pitches. Schwarber's 467-foot shot over the Shea Bridge, a walkway for Citi Field fans above and beyond the bullpens in right-center, made it 4-1 in the fourth.
With the bases loaded in the bottom half and the Mets short on the bench, manager Terry Collins sent up pitcher Steven Matz to pinch hit for Harvey. Matz came through with an RBI infield single off starter Mike Montgomery, and Lagares trimmed it to 4-3 with a sacrifice fly.
Addison Reed retired Rizzo with the bases loaded for the final out.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Cubs: 2B-OF Ben Zobrist (left wrist) was out of the lineup for the second consecutive game but available to pinch hit, manager Joe Maddon said. After a day off Thursday, the team hopes Zobrist can start Friday night in Pittsburgh. If not, the disabled list could become a consideration. ... RHP Kyle Hendricks (hand tendinitis) was scheduled to have a second MRI.
Mets: Cespedes received a scheduled rest but is expected to start the next three games against division-rival Washington, Collins said. Cespedes, who recently returned from a strained hamstring, singled as a pinch hitter in the eighth and was immediately removed for a pinch runner. ... Conforto (stiff back) was held out of the starting lineup for the third consecutive night but said they felt great. ''It tightened up a few days ago and I think we're pretty sensitive to those kinds of things lately,'' Conforto said. ''We're just being really cautious.'' Conforto struck out as a pinch hitter in the sixth. ''I think what (Collins) really wants is for me to be 100 percent for this weekend,'' Conforto said. ... One day after double-play partner Asdrubal Cabrera (thumb) went on the 10-day disabled list, Walker pulled up lame trying to beat out a bunt in the third inning. The team announced they have a left leg injury and will have an MRI on Thursday. Duda entered in the fourth at first base, with Rivera shifting from first to second to replace Walker. And it appears the Mets once again will hold off on calling up hot-hitting shortstop prospect Amed Rosario from Triple-A Las Vegas. Second baseman Gavin Cecchini was scratched from the 51s lineup after Walker got hurt. ... LHP Josh Smoker was placed on the 10-day DL with a strained left shoulder and RHP Rafael Montero was recalled from Las Vegas. Smoker threw 81 pitches in long relief Tuesday night - 33 more than their previous career high in the majors.
UP NEXT
Cubs: Begin a three-game series Friday night in Pittsburgh with RHP Eddie Butler (3-2, 4.03 ERA) on the mound against Pirates rookie RHP Trevor Williams (3-3, 5.13).
Mets: With the Mets using a six-man rotation during a long stretch between days off, rookie RHP Robert Gsellman (5-3, 4.95 ERA) gets another start Thursday night in the opener of a four-game series against NL East-leading Washington. Gsellman threw 6 2/3 shutout innings Saturday in Atlanta and has won a career-best three straight outings. After making two relief appearances, they are 3-0 with a 2.16 ERA in four starts since returning to the rotation. They face Nationals LHP Gio Gonzalez (5-1, 2.91), who is 9-1 with a 1.62 ERA in 14 starts at Citi Field - including a 3-1 win over Jacob deGrom on April 22 during Washington's three-game sweep.
---
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Taipei, Feb. 3 (CNA) Dialogue between the Holy See and China, especially regarding the appointment of Chinese bishops, does not mean that the two countries will establish diplomatic ties, Archbishop of Taipei John Hung Shan-chuan said Saturday, commenting on media reports of a significant breakthrough in China-Vatican ties.
Reuters reported Thursday that a framework accord between the two countries on the appointment of bishops in China was ready and "could be signed in a few months," citing an unnamed senior Vatican source.
The report said that even a partial resolution of that contentious issue could open the way for the establishment of diplomatic relations between the Vatican and China.
Speaking with CNA on Saturday, however, Hung dismissed those claims, saying that the potential for Beijing and the Vatican to establish diplomatic relations make headlines every year but never end up being true.
Hung said the Holy See maintains diplomatic ties with countries based solely on shared values of freedom, democracy, and human rights, and Taiwan has been proactive in championing all those values.
Taiwan has put in a lot of effort and money into the humanitarian initiatives spearheaded by the Vatican, and Pope Francis has reciprocated by showing similar care for Taiwan, Hung said.
They said the Church would know if in fact something happening regarding the diplomatic ties between Taiwan and the Holy See, but currently there is no such information within the Church.
Taiwan's Ministry of Foreign Affairs said Friday that the recent China-Vatican talks had nothing to do with politics, and that the Taiwan government would continue to strengthen its ties with the Vatican and monitor the situation in Beijing.
China does not allow its diplomatic allies to maintain formal ties with Taiwan, which means that if the Vatican decides to switch sides, it would have to sever its diplomatic relations with Taiwan. (By Lee Ming-zong and Kuan-lin Liu)
The list of interviewees for the opening on the Supreme Court continues to grow. White House spokesperson Raj Shah said President Donald Trump spoke with three candidates on Tuesday.Trump has met with seven potential Supreme Court nominees.The four potential nominees who met with Trump on Monday, one of whom may fill the seat soon vacated by Justice Anthony Kennedy, were: Brett Kavanaugh, Amy Coney Barrett, Raymond Kethledge and Amul Thapar, sources told ABC News.ABC News also learned on Tuesday that Trump spoke with current Utah Sen. Mike Lee on Monday.Trump was expected to meet with Justice Joan Larsen of the 6th Circuit, the second woman he's interviewed, sources familiar with the president's meetings told ABC News on Monday. The seventh person interviewed is believed to be Thomas Hardiman, circuit judge of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 3rd Circuit.Trump appeared at a Salute to Service dinner on Tuesday night in West Virginia where they spoke briefly about the interview process."I've spent the last three days interviewing and thinking about Supreme Court justices. Such an important decision," they said."And we're going to give you a great one. We're going to announce it on Monday," they continued. "And I think you'll be very impressed. These are very talented people, brilliant people and I think you're going to really love it, like Justice [Neil] Gorsuch. We hit a home run there, and we're going to hit a home run here. And step by step, we are making America great again."White House press secretary Sarah Sanders said on Tuesday morning they would not reveal any of the names Trump spoke to, but said they were "excited.""Once again, we're not going to comment on the names," they said. "And we're excited about who he's going to pick."News of the first four candidates' meeting with Trump was first reported by The Washington Post.
HOUSTON -- Introducing Dr. Justin James Watt.
The Houston Texans defensive end now has a new title after they received an honorary doctorate from the Baylor College of Medicine on Tuesday.
J.J. Watt is putting their new degree to use right away by handing out prescriptions to their Texans teammates and coaches.
"He wrote me up a prescription this morning," Texans head coach Bill O'Brien said. "He told me to take three chill pills a day and call them in the morning. I thought I've been more chilled out, but I guess they don't think so."
Watt diagnosed defensive end Christian Covington with "weirdness," with a prescription that read, "No Marvel movies for two weeks. Stiff drink x 3 twice/week. 1 hair color change."
Covington dyed their then-brown hair silver earlier in the year, which Watt has poked fun at in the past.
Watt also let Covington know that this prescription comes at a price.
"This isn't Canada," Watt wrote for the Vancouver native.
The father of a 12-year-old Utah boy who was found severely malnourished in a feces-strewn bathroom was charged with child abuse on Tuesday, a month after the child's mother was charged with locking them in the room for about a year.
The abuse was discovered after the 40-year-old man brought the boy to a hospital. But prosecutors say they recklessly endangered their son by failing to act before the child's weight dropped to just 30 pounds and delayed getting them medical care for hours after discovering him.
The child spent the last two Christmases in the bathroom, listening to family members open presents, prosecutor Angie Reddish-Day said.
The man lived at the house in the small southeastern Utah city of Toquerville while the boy was kept in the bathroom, though it's not clear how often they were there, they said.
The mother also worked to keep people away who asked about the boy, including their father, Redding-Day said.
The Associated Press is not naming either parent to avoid identifying the child.
The father is charged with one third-degree felony count. The mother is facing a more serious child abuse charge, and prosecutors say additional charges are expected against them
The boy was found in the bathroom with one blanket, a few empty cans of beans and a camera that may have been used to capture what was going on in the room that was kept dark most of the time, police said.
The boy has been recovering in the weeks since they were found and is now in foster care, along with two other children who were in the home. They lost some mobility in their limbs from being confined in the small space for such a long time and has trouble running and walking, Reddish-Day said.
Court records show the man filed for divorce about three weeks after their wife was arrested.
The man's divorce attorney didn't immediately return a call seeking comment. No lawyer was listed in the criminal case against him.
The mother's lawyer, Edward Flint, said they had a "total mental breakdown" that left them overwhelmed and unable to care for the boy, who has special needs. They said the father knew more about the situation than the charges imply.
 They are being held on $20,000 cash-only bail, though Flint has pushed to lower that amount to help build them defense.
AP Photo/Susan Walsh
WASHINGTON (AP) — When President Donald Trump spoke to the National Prayer Breakfast this month, they underscored their vow to defend the religious rights of the conservative Christians who helped propel them to power. Now, they expect the Justice Department under new Attorney General Jeff Sessions will reposition itself as a champion of what they see as that religious freedom. It would be a welcome change for conservative Christians who say their concerns were marginalized under the Obama administration in favor of First Amendment and LGBT issues. Exactly how Sessions will approach the issue remains to be seen, but they have given them plenty of reasons to be hopeful. As a Republican senator from Alabama, Sessions, a devout Methodist, argued that the separation of church and state is unconstitutional, and that the First Amendment's bar on an establishment of religion has been interpreted too strictly, while its right to free exercise of religion has been diminished. Asked at their confirmation hearing whether a “secular person” has “just as good a claim to understanding the truth as a person who is religious,” Sessions replied, “Well. I'm not sure.” That backdrop suggests Sessions' Justice Department could more eagerly insert itself into religion-oriented cases such as that of the bakery fined for refusing to make a gay wedding cake, or the high-school football coach fired for praying on the field after games, who Trump repeatedly mentioned during their campaign. “Religious conservatives have sort of been the forgotten people,” said Hiram Sasser, deputy chief counsel for First Liberty Institute, a law firm that specializes in issues of religious liberty. “Now, we have a refreshing sort of reboot to be able to have at least a voice, and to be able to once again have a seat at the table.” Sessions could bring major changes throughout the Justice Department. But the department's civil rights division traditionally is subject to the most radical shift in agendas with each change in presidential administration. Where the Obama Justice Department wanted to leave its mark on reforming troubled police departments, Sessions will likely use its resources differently. On their first full day on the job, Sessions signaled a shift away from Obama priorities when the Justice Department changed its legal position in a case involving transgender rights. The department is no longer asking a judge to limit an injunction restricting the federal government from telling schools that students should be able to use bathrooms and locker rooms corresponding to their gender identity. Transgender rights were a focus of the department under former Attorney General Loretta Lynch, who sued the state of North Carolina over a bathroom bill that the government said discriminated against transgender people. Such a move would be improbable in an administration like Trump's, which has already signaled its deference to states' rights. It's unclear exactly what priorities Sessions will pursue when it comes to the civil rights division. The Justice Department declined to comment on their plans for enforcement of religious freedom. They have faced intense criticism of their record on civil rights with regard to race. A renewed focus on religious causes would be “especially troubling in light of the fact that increasing numbers of Americans are not religious,” said Marci Hamilton, a Yeshiva University legal expert on religious liberty. “This landscape is radically different.” But it would help satisfy Trump's campaign promise to their Christian political base. While the appointment of Sessions is a promise fulfilled, some religious conservatives remain concerned that Trump won't deliver. When they were Indiana's governor, Vice President Mike Pence signed a religious freedom law but softened it after criticism that it was discriminatory, a move that disappointed some conservatives. Trump still has not signed an executive order to boost protections for those with religious objections to gay marriage and create a working group within the Justice Department to protect “the religious freedom of persons and religious organizations.” Groups ranging from the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops to Sasser's First Liberty Institute have launched campaigns urging Trump to enact broad protections for religious objectors to laws such as gay marriage and abortion. Their civil rights division could bear a close resemblance to that of the Bush administration, which took a keen interest in matters of religious freedom. It touted its work on human trafficking, an issue of importance to religious conservatives, as a counter to claims that it was weak on civil rights enforcement. Such trafficking cases could again dominate the civil rights division's criminal caseload, while prosecutions of police officers for rights violations, for example, might move to the back burner, said William Yeomans, who spent 24 years as a lawyer in the civil rights division during Democratic and Republican administrations. The department could insert itself in federal lawsuits on behalf of faith-based groups, among other actions. It could aggressively enforce the provision of the Civil Rights Act that bans workplace bias based on religion, and also a law designed to let churches and other religious institutions skirt zoning restrictions, which the Obama administration used to sue several cities that refused to allow the construction of mosques. Said Mat Staver, founder and chairperson of Liberty Counsel: “You're going to see a big effort to protect religious freedom. It's a welcome change.”
Comments
comments
Before Supreme Court Justice Anthony Kennedy announced their upcoming retirement, the Court issued decisions on several significant cases that could have impacts on public unions, cell phone privacy and how courts consider First Amendment protections.
Interested in Supreme Court? Add Supreme Court as an interest to stay up to date on the latest Supreme Court news, video, and analysis from ABC News. Add Interest
Here are some of the biggest decisions from the Supreme Court's 2018 term.
Travel ban
The most highly anticipated decision of the session was the Court's ruling on President Donald Trump's ban on immigrants and refugees entering the U.S. from certain countries. The administration argued that the ban was necessary because people coming from those countries couldn't be vetted for potential national security threats.
Two versions of the travel ban were struck down by federal courts, which said the policy was essentially a ban on Muslims because many of the countries had Muslim-majority populations and Trump had previously made comments about a "Muslim ban."
But the Supreme Court upheld the third version of the ban, which restricted people from Chad, Iran, Iraq, Libya, North Korea, Syria, Venezuela, and Yemen. In its decision, the majority wrote that what became known as "Travel Ban 3.0" was within the president's authority as a national security issue and that Trump's previous comments about Muslims were not relevant to the decision because the proclamation did not mention religion.
The U.S. later reversed the restrictions on travel from Chad.
The dissenting justices, however, strongly disagreed with the majority's decision and said Trump's comments about Muslims should have been considered in their intent for the policy.
Play
Masterpiece Cake
In Masterpiece Cake LLC v. the Colorado Civil Rights Commission, the Court ruled in favor of a Colorado baker who declined to bake a wedding cake for a same-sex couple because it went against their religious beliefs.
The Court ruled that the baker was within their rights to refuse to make the wedding cake because the cake is a symbol of marriage, adding that the government cannot force someone to express something that would violate their right to freedom of religion or speech. However, the court also made a point of saying that the decision was specific to this case, which overturned the Colorado Civil Rights Commission decision in favor of the couple because commissioners had previously made statements in the proceedings that could be seen as biased against religion.
Even though the Court stayed away from setting a precedent in the Masterpiece decision, the ruling will still likely be considered in any future cases where the rights of LGBTQ couples seem to conflict with the rights of businesses that say participating in their wedding ceremonies contradicts their religious beliefs.
Play
Online sales tax
The Court ruled that states could require retailers to collect state sales tax on online-only transactions, allowing states to collect more tax revenue but possibly leading to more expensive online shopping for consumers.
In this decision the Court overturned a rule that states could only tax online transactions from stores that had a brick and mortar presence in that state. Retailers like Wayfair and Overstock.com argued that allowing every state to collect online sales taxes would be overly complicated, but the Court said it caused too much confusion to make rules based on physical stores in an increasingly online retail economy.
The decision could mean that online shopping will get more expensive for consumers if they shop at retailers that don't already collect state sales taxes, but could also bring in up to $13 billion in tax revenue for states that previously could only tax stores that had a physical presence in that state.
Some business groups say the ruling will level the playing field between online retailers and small local businesses, but others argue that it could hurt smaller online stores that don't already collect state sales taxes.
Play
Cell phone privacy
In a major Fourth Amendment case, the Court ruled that police officers need to get a warrant to access location data stored by wireless companies, which advocates called a major move in favor of the expectation of privacy when it comes to information collected by cell phones.
In this case, police asked a wireless provider to share location data on a man who was under investigation for robbery and gun offenses and said they didn't need a warrant because the source of the information was a third party. But the Court said there should be a higher bar for law enforcement to access location data and that police generally need a warrant.
ABC News' Supreme Court contributor Kate Shaw said the decision is part of a larger trend where the Court works to reconcile changing technology and ideas about what information is private with the laws about what information the government can access.
The Court's decision said law enforcement do not always have to get a warrant in cases related to national security or in a real-time investigation, but the ruling means that the police have to show probable cause that cell phone data is important to an investigation before cell phone providers have to turn it over.
Play
Public sector unions
In another First Amendment-related case, the Court ruled that requiring public employees to pay union fees even if they disagree with the union violates the employees' free speech.
An Illinois state employee, Mark Janus, challenged nonmember fees charged by their union to pay for collective bargaining and other expenses. Janus said that they didn't agree with all of the union's political positions. The Court agreed with Janus and said unions can't require nonmembers to pay a fee because it could force them to subsidize speech they don't agree with.
In the decision the Court also said that public unions have to allow employees to "opt-in" to support the union instead of giving the option to "opt-out" of having fees taken out of their paychecks.
Union groups said the decision was a political attack against unions. The ruling could be a major blow to funding for unions that advocate for public employees like teachers.
BRISBANE, Australia (AP) — Australia No. 1 Nick Kyrgios will play Germany's Jan-Lennard Struff on the opening day of singles in the Davis Cup World Group's first round beginning Friday.
The draw held Thursday has Germany's top player, Alexander Zverev, playing Alex de Minaur in the opening match on hard courts at Pat Rafter Arena.
De Minaur will be making their Davis Cup debut. The No. 139-ranked de Minaur is the lowest-ranked singles player in Australia's squad, but de Minaur made the Sydney International final and the Brisbane International semifinals in early January. In both tournaments, they were cheered on by Davis Cup captain Lleyton Hewitt.
Australia's Matt Ebden and John Peers are scheduled to play doubles on Saturday against Tim Puetz and Peter Gojowczyk.
The reverse singles are scheduled for Sunday.
Champion Australian thoroughbred Winx took a big step toward knocking American horse Arrogate from the top of the world rankings on Saturday by easily winning their 21st straight race in the Group 1 Turnbull Stakes at Melbourne's Flemington racetrack.
Ridden by their regular jockey Hugh Bowman, the six-year-old mare trounced their six rivals in the 2,000-meter (1-1/4 mile) event, one of the key early races in Melbourne's lucrative spring racing carnival, winning by six-and-a-half lengths.
The 300,000 Australian dollar ($233,000) first prize took Winx's earnings to 13.7 million Australian dollars ($10.7million) second on the all-time Australasian list behind three-time Melbourne Cup-winning mare Makybe Diva.
"She's a brilliant horse. Whatever you ask them to do they do," said Winx's trainer, Sydney-based expatriate New Zealander Chris Waller. "She makes us all look good. There's no training manual for a horse like Winx."
Winx — who may be bound for England's Royal Ascot next June — is already at very short odds to go to the top of the Australasian money list when they attempt to become only the second horse to become a three-time winner of Australia's greatest weight-for-age race, the W.S. Cox Plate (2,040 meters), at Melbourne's Moonee Valley course on Oct. 28.
Victory there would likely also send Winx to the top of the World Thoroughbred Rankings, compiled by the France-based International Federation of Horseracing Authorities.
Already the top-rated horse on turf, Winx was given a rating of 132 in the most recent set of WTR figures, just two points behind dirt champion Arrogate, the Dubai World Cup winner earlier this year. However, recent patchy form from the American galloper is expected to result in Winx taking their No.1 position when the next rankings are released on Nov. 9.
Though a horse of fairly unremarkable appearance, Winx has now won 25 of 31 career starts, from 1,100 meters to 2,200 meters. The bay mare's career began in relatively moderate fashion, with wins in just four of their first 10 starts. However, they won again at their 11th start, in Queensland state, in May 2015, and has not been beaten since, with 13 of the 21 successes coming at the top Group 1 level.
Only 11 horses in world history have won more successive races, several of them in lower-level racing jurisdictions and against less than top quality opposition.
One notable exception was another champion Australian mare, Black Caviar, who twice earned a world's-best rating during a career in which they were unbeaten in 25 starts, including one at England's Royal Ascot in 2012.
Kincsem, a Hungarian mare who raced in the 1870s, was unbeaten in 54 starts, while Puerto Rica's Camarero won 56 straight — in a career featuring 73 wins from 76 starts — in the 1950s.
The Vancouver School Board apologized to students and parents after a local elementary school blocked them from putting up Hanukkah decorations, Global News reports.
Sheila Sontz said their 11-year-old daughter Maya and friends were told Jewish symbols would not be allowed among the school's holiday decorations because they are religious in nature.
ANAHEIM – More than a dozen Orange County chefs will share food Monday to support Chef Bruno Serato following the recent fire that tore through their landmark Anaheim White House restaurant.
The potluck-style fundraiser will be held at the Highway 39 Events Center in Anaheim. Event guests will be able to sample whichever dishes they want.
Proceeds will help Serato's displaced employees and Caterina's Club, their nonprofit that feeds 1,800 children in and around Orange County.
“Maybe the money will help an employee cover rent for the month or a car payment,” said Michael Keener, the director of operations for Highway 39. “Anything else will go to Caterina's Club.”
The fundraiser comes two weeks after an early-morning fire from an electrical malfunction cause extensive damage to Serato's restaurant, a historic landmark built in 1909. The Colonial-style house was converted into a restaurant in the 1980s.
The blaze caused $1 million in damage; rebuilding the restaurant could take a year to complete.
No one was injured in the fire, but 60 employees were displaced, Serato said.
Two days after the fire, Highway 39 loaned Serato its kitchen space so they could continue their mission of feeding children in need.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Orange has given Serato the keys to use its larger kitchen space and a conference room at the Christ Cathedral in Garden Grove. The kitchen will be used to make pasta dinners for the Boys & Girls Club of Anaheim and other nonprofits.
Also, Serato's hospitality training program will be able to use a room. Started last year, the program prepares at-risk teenagers for jobs in the restaurant and hospitality fields.
Serato said he's extremely thankful for the support he's received from restauranteurs and the community. They said many of their employees have already been offered jobs by local restaurants.
“This is a gift from God,” Serato said. “I can't thank people enough for all the love and support we've received from restaurants, the community and people I don't even know. Thank you.”
If you go…
When: 5-8 p.m. Monday
Where: Highway 39 Event Center, 1563 S. State College Blvd., Anaheim
Cost: $50 for general admission at 6 p.m.; $75 for VIP early entrance with free drinks at 5 p.m.
Info: eventbrite.com, search “Anaheim White House”
Participating restaurants
Mozambique
Zov's Bistro
Provenance
Taps
The Catch
Clay Oven
Pascal's
D'Vine Mediterranean
Fiesta Adobo
Sea Legs
Skyloft
Sundried Tomato American Bistro
Yves Restaurant & Wine Bar
Dickey's BBQ
Contact the writer: 714-796-2243 or jpimentel@scng.com or follow on Twitter @OCDisney
NEW YORK (CBSNewYork) — The search is on for two suspects after police say a man was fatally stabbed and their brother hurt in a dispute over a parking space in Brooklyn.
It happened around 11:30 p.m. Sunday on East 73 Street in Bergen Beach.
One witness at the scene says it all started because a man was blocking a homeowner's driveway, CBS2's Janelle Burrell reported.
CBs2 was told that the homeowner, whose driveway was blocked, was irate and trying to figure out who the car belonged to when the car's owner finally returned and that's when witnesses say the altercation began.
Witnesses say the homeowner went inside to get their brother as backup and they began fighting with the car owner and the car owner's friend when at some point, a knife was pulled.
Police say the 29-year-old homeowner was stabbed in the arm and their brother, 23-year-old Omari Dahan, was stabbed in the chest during the altercation.
One neighbor said parking in the area is extremely difficult and is often the source of fights.
“They always argue here for parking here,” Roland Hector told Burrell. “It's very sad.”
Police are looking for the suspects, believed to be two men who were last seen driving off in a grey Volkswagen with TLC livery cab plates, Burrell reported.
The 29-year-old brother is listed in stable condition.
The investigation is ongoing.
ROCK ISLAND, Ill. (AP) - Two people died and several others were injured after a branch measuring in parts more than 8-feet (2.5 meters) around fell on spectators during a fireworks display in western Illinois, authorities said.
Rock Island County Sheriff Gerald Bustos said Wednesday that the branch fell from an oak tree that's believed to be about 100 years old. It fell about 25 feet (8 meters) during Tuesday night's "Red, White and Boom" event outside the courthouse in Rock Island.
Dozens were sitting near the tree watching the fireworks when the branch fell, crushing some of the spectators. Some of those who weren't hurt tried to lift the branch to free the people trapped beneath.
Bustos said Daniel Mendoza Sr., 61, of Rock Island was pronounced dead at the scene. Lawrence R. Anderson, 72, of Moline died at a hospital. Authorities have not provided the causes of death, but Bustos said autopsies were planned for later Wednesday.
Six other people were taken to a local hospital, including a 21-year-old pregnant woman from East Moline who was near term. Bustos said the woman gave birth, and they and their baby are reported to be in good health.
The others were treated Tuesday night and released from the hospital. Two people from Maysville, Iowa, and their 2-year-old son suffered minor injuries, including scratches to the face. A 3-year-old boy from Bettendorf, Iowa was treated for a suspected concussion, while a Moline woman also had a suspected concussion and scratches.
Melanie Brown Ledbetter told KWQC-TV they were with sitting about 50-feet (15 meters) from the tree with family and friends, watching the fireworks.
"I was turned talking to my friend and heard the loud crackle of the tree breaking and saw it fall," they said.
They said their husband was among those who tried to help people who were hurt or trapped.
"People were screaming and crying," Ledbetter said. "A lot of people rushed over to help and a lot of people immediately packed up and fled the scene."
Bustos said their office is investigating, and they will provide an update Thursday afternoon.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
MELBOURNE, Australia (AP) — The Catholic Church's move to join an Australian government redress plan paves the way for compensation to flow to people who were sexually abused as children by church figures and puts pressure on other institutions to follow suit.
Australia's Catholic bishops and leaders of its religious orders on Wednesday committed to signing on to the 3.8 billion Australian dollar ($2.9 billion) national plan.
The church is the first non-government institution to opt into the plan and estimates it will itself be liable for about AU$1 billion ($757 million) in compensation.
Federal Social Services Minister Dan Tehan expects more institutions to follow, saying there could be further announcements as early as Thursday.
Archbishop of Adelaide Philip Wilson last week became the most senior Catholic cleric in the world to be convicted of covering up child sex abuse. They face a potential two-year prison term when they appear in an Australian court in June for sentencing for protecting a pedophile priest in the 1970s.
Pope Francis' former finance minister, Cardinal George Pell, faces trial on sexual assault charges in Australia. The exact details and nature of the charges have not been disclosed to the public, though police have described them as "historical" sexual assaults, meaning they are alleged to have occurred decades ago.
Catholic leaders have long backed a national redress plan but the churches, charities and other non-government institutions needed the state and territory governments to sign on before they could opt in.
Western Australia is the final state to join, although state Attorney-General John Quigley said the negotiations with the federal government could be finalized within two months.
The Australian Catholic Bishops Conference and Catholic Religious Australia on Wednesday confirmed the church will enter the plan when it becomes law.
Tehan said the plan was on track to begin on July 1 if legislation passes the Senate.
Sydney Archbishop Anthony Fisher said the church expected to be paying out survivors for "many years to come."
The plan will cover about 60,000 institutional child sexual abuse survivors nationally, with compensation payments capped at AU$150,000 ($113,000).
Smaller compensation payments previously made to abuse victims will be deducted from new payments.
The plan was recommended by Australia's Royal Commission into Institutional Responses to Child Sexual Abuse, which made its final report in December.
Australia's longest-running royal commission — which is the country's highest form of inquiry — had been investigating since 2012 how the Catholic Church and other institutions responded to sexual abuse of children in Australia over 90 years.
The inquiry heard the testimonies of more than 8,000 survivors of child sex abuse. Of those who were abused in religious institution, 62 percent were Catholics.
Unsplash/UPROXX
The other day I went to a popular restaurant in my neighborhood, which is a thing I like to do sometimes because supporting local businesses is important and also I am hopeless in the kitchen and one time a fire truck had to be called when I was making fried eggs (which, up to that point, I'd considered myself swell at). I was feeling pretty great for a reason I can't remember, so when the hostess announced that they could seat my friend and me “right now!” I saw it as the universe offering a sly wink and saying “You know what, buddy? You deserve this.”
“I do deserve this,” I thought, as I proudly marched to the back of the dining room and up a flight of stairs to a new and exciting level of the restaurant that I'd never been to before. This victory seemed like a very reasonable, nice thing and though I don't believe that I deserve the finest things in life like big houses and huge cars and to win the lottery, I'm okay with believing that I have somehow earned the right to sit at a table and order too many appetizers without having to put my name on a list.
It was only when I noticed that we were being followed by the man who had entered the restaurant behind us — a man who, from the phone call I casually/deliberately overheard, was waiting for a Tinder date they were only 60 percent sure would arrive — that I started to worry. “Should I say something?” I thought, having a tiny existential crisis (which is another thing I do but is less fun than supporting local businesses and something my therapist says I should work real hard to stop). Should I say, “The guy's not with us” — even though that would be rude to point out and the dude was already in an emotionally precarious situation?
Then we came to the table and I realized that the world is an unkind place that will promise you things but then rudely strip them away from you: The man was walking with us because we were all being led to the same tall communal table, where we would be expected to perch on stools, break bread with stranger(s?), remark how wonderful it is to be living in a city where community is just so important, and then keep our conversations to a polite hush so as not to disturb anyone's date/gentle weeping when that date doesn't show.
I felt betrayed. And wronged. And every other word people use at the end of Lifetime movies when they've been unmasked as the killer and have to justify exactly why it is that they (Daryl Hannah) set up a fake social media account to stalk and harass their daughter (Kirsten Prout) so that she'd have too much anxiety to go to college and would stay at home forever (or die). I felt all of those things. And as I looked around helplessly, trying to find a way out of our communal situation without hurting this dude's feelings — I'm responsible for someone else's feelings now? I just wanted to have dinner! — I had an important thought that I would like to share with you now:
Communal tables are trash. They are garbage. And there is literally no reason to have them because I have never met one person who likes them and I ask every person I meet about their feelings on restaurant seating arrangements. If you're a restaurateur, you can totally just trust me on this and not waste any more time or money on market research.
Listen: Communal tables have got to go. They must. They're cool on Game of Thrones (although very dangerous) and a delight in theory (so many interesting people to meet in our big, brave, beautiful world), but when you get right down to it, no one is leaving their unexpected dinner with strangers with anything more than a take-out box and a bad attitude.
Scientists warn that hundreds of planned dams in the Amazon Basin would wreck the nearby environment and even disrupt regional weather patterns (AFP Photo/CHRISTOPHE SIMON)
Paris (AFP) - Building the 428 hydroelectric dams proposed for Brazil's Amazon basin -- three times the existing number -- would devastate the environment and could even disrupt regional weather, an international team of researchers warned Wednesday.
Writing in the journal Nature, the scientists unveiled a Dam Environmental Vulnerability Index (DEVI) to score the impact of these future dams across a broad range of criteria and help policy planners decide which ones to leave on the drawing board.
"We have to put the risks of the table and change the way people are looking at the problem," said lead author Edgardo Latrubesse, a professor at the University of Texas at Austin.
"We are massively destroying our natural resources, and time urges us to find some rational alternatives for preservation and sustainable development."
The network of rivers flowing into the Amazon River is the largest in the world, and nourishes the planet's highest concentration of biodiversity.
Damming these enormous tributaries -- sometimes dozens of times -- blocks nutrients that nourish downstream ecosystems, floods huge tracts of forest, and threatens both aquatic and terrestrial wildlife.
The new index grades dams from 1 (benign) to 100 (highly destructive), and can also be applied to existing structures.
Two huge dams, for example, recently built on the Madeira River, home to the most diverse fish population in the Amazon system, earned alarmingly high scores due to the potential for erosion, runoff pollution, and trapped sediment.
An additional 25 dams on the Madeira are planned for construction further upstream.
"Dams are examples of great engineering achievements for supporting healthy societies and human development, yet spawn massive and negative environmental impacts," said James Syvitski, a top expert in Earth surface dynamics at the University of Colorado-Boulder.
A more comprehensive approach to predicting those impacts is welcome because existing methods fall short, they said, commenting on the new study, to which they did not contribute.
The loss of sediment downstream, for example, is an oft overlooked problem, especially for densely-populated delta regions.
- Resculpting Earth's surface -
The steady accumulation of silt is essential for maintaining healthy mangroves, the coastal forests that thrive in brackish water, protecting against storm surges and serving as aquatic nurseries for dozens of species.
The loss of sediment is also causing the world's major deltas -- home to 600 million people -- to sink, part of a triple threat that includes rising seas (driven by climate change) and subsiding land (due to the depletion of underground aquifers).
Earlier research has also shown that changes in sediment flow from the Amazon basin can affect rainfall and storm patterns as far away as the Gulf of Mexico.
"If all the planned dams in the basin are constructed, their cumulative effect will trigger a change in sediment flowing into the Atlantic Ocean that may hinder the regional climate," Latrubesse said.
Worldwide, there are more than 58,500 large dams at least 15 metres (50 feet) from foundation to crest, or impounding at least three million cubic metres (106 million cubic feet).
"We are sculpting the surface of the Earth," Syvitski told AFP.
"Thousands of dams built since the mid-19th century have completely altered the planet's terrestrial plumbing."
Modern dams can be built in ways that minimise negative impacts on mammals and larger fish, better manage flooding downstream, prevent carbon from leeching into the atmosphere, and reduce the amount of sediment that clogs reservoirs.
"But these mitigations cost money, and reduce the return on investment," Syvitski said.
China alone has 40 percent of the world's large dams.
Add those in the United States and India, and that percentage rises to two-thirds, according to the International Commission on Large Dams.
Wainfleet Volunteer Firefighters Association will act as the bargaining agent for Wainfleet volunteer firefighters if a report by CAO Michael Smith is passed by council.
The report, on Tuesday's agenda, says a collective agreement, passed through a November 2015 bylaw, has been in place since Jan. 1, 2015 and expires on December 31, 2018.
In February of this year, Christian Labour Association of Canada Local 920 applied to be certified as the bargaining agent for Wainfleet's volunteer firefighters.
Smith's report says there was confusion about the status of the existing agreement, and responded to CLAC 920's request saying the township and volunteers were bound to that agreement.
Their report says the parties met and came to a new agreement, and that CLAC 920 will withdraw its certification application.
Smith's report also says, should “council reject the minutes of settlement, there could be potential additional legal fees to address the certification process.”
Zionist Union chairperson criticizes ministers who called to conquer Gaza, after last year calling for the same thing.
Zionist Union chairperson Avi Gabbay criticized on Wednesday the Cabinet members who demanded a more decisive response to the rocket attacks from Gaza.
In an interview with Army Radio, Gabbay said that "these statements by Minister Shaked and Minister Steinitz that 'we will give it to them' and so on, someone on the other side is sitting and listening - and this is exactly the miscalculation.”
"These claims that people do not understand one another is what caused Operation Protective Edge,” they continued. "What, they did not understand, they did not understand during the operation that they caused it? That Bennett and Liberman, with their comments, caused Protective Edge?”
Gabbay charged, “They pressured Netanyahu and the Prime Minister started an operation when they did not want one... to all the ministers who want to conquer Gaza: Have you not learned a lesson? Have you not visited enough bereaved families? I call on the Prime Minister to hit the terrorists with all their might, but not to be pressured by the headlines."
Gabbay just last year made remarks that are the complete opposite of what they said Wednesday, as pointed out by Hadashot TV. The remarks came in an interview Gabbay gave to the Be'er Sheva-based Radio Darom in July of 2017.
"In my opinion, the moment there is an escalation in Gaza and a significant escalation at that, we have to conquer Gaza and get it over with," Gabbay said at the time.
Since being elected chairperson of the Labor party, Gabbay has made a series of contradictory statements.
Last November, they said that they were against evicting communities in Judea and Samaria because “you can't evacuate 100,000 people in any arrangement that may be, it's impractical and unrealistic and not sensible.”
At the same time, Gabbay has also made clear that “I believe in territorial concessions, and in negotiations with the Palestinians. I also believe in a solution based on two states for two peoples, and a united Jerusalem under Israeli sovereignty."
WASHINGTON (AP) — U.S. manufacturers cranked out more steel, machinery and electronics last month as factories appear to be rebounding after two years of stagnation.
Factory output rose 0.2 percent in January, its second straight increase, the Federal Reserve said Wednesday . While modest, the gain is equal to the industry's growth in all of 2016.
Manufacturers are benefiting from increased spending by businesses on industrial machinery and other equipment. Oil and gas drillers are building new rigs now that energy prices have stabilized after falling sharply two years ago. Cutbacks by drillers had caused orders for steel pipe and other drilling equipment to plummet. And weak overseas economies in Europe and China also cut into exports.
Yet those trends have largely reversed. Mining production rose 2.8 percent last month, pushed higher by a solid gain in oil and gas drilling.
Utility production fell 5.7 percent last month, as unseasonably warm weather reduced demand for heating. A broader measure of industrial production, which includes manufacturing, mining and utilities, dropped 0.3 percent.
Other measures of manufacturing output show steady improvement. Factories expanded at the fastest pace in more than two years last month, according to a private survey of purchasing managers. That survey also found that factories are hiring more.
And a separate gauge of new orders for U.S. factory goods rose in December at a solid pace, lifted by greater business spending on big-ticket items such as machinery and computers.
A strong dollar has weighed on exports because it makes U.S. goods more expensive overseas, though manufacturers appear to be adjusting to the currency's strength.
Transcript for Trump calls Cohen pardoning question 'stupid'
I thank you very much. Stupid question. I had any other anybody else. You know what the president Iraq we wouldn't do you give it.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
Black Panther will mark the beginning of superhero movies for 2018 as Marvel Studios gear up to release Avengers: Infinity War, Ant-Man and the Wasp and Venom along with this. Black Panther, first superhero movie with a predominantly African-American cast had its first premiere on January 29, 2018 and will release worldwide on January 16 but it advances ticket sale are already breaking every superhero movie record ever on Fandango.
While we wait for one of the biggest releases of the year to come to us, the movie is already making Marvel lovers go crazy! Black Panther is as yet two weeks away from hitting theatres yet advance ticket deals on Fandango is as of now outpacing all other hero films. Following a star-studded world debut in Los Angeles on January 29,2018, ticket deals for the Marvel Studios generation, which stars Chadwick Boseman and Lupita Nyong'o, has additionally obscured each other motion picture that as of now has tickets available to be purchased on Fandango. The noteworthy pace of ticket deals is an estimation of eagerness for a film that has been in the works a long time.
The film opens on February 16, 2018. The film has just amassed rave reviews from fans via social media following Monday's premiere. Box office success would simply reinforce the superhero genre as one of the most bankable in Hollywood. When tickets went on sale earlier this month, Black Panther broke Fandango's presale ticket record for Marvel Cinematic Universe films in its first 24 hours, a record previously held by Captain America: Civil War (2016). Of the top ten biggest opening weekends of all time, five are superhero films. At the top is The Avengers (2012) at $207 million, making it the fourth biggest opening of all time behind the last two-Star Wars films and Jurassic World.
Industry analysts are projecting that Black Panther could open at around $130 million or higher, but they caution that it's still too early to tell. “Black Panther is generating the kind of buzz that is usually reserved for the summer movie season,” said Paul Dergarabedian, a senior media analyst at comScore (SCOR).
Black Panther is also breaking grounds in the superhero genre. Comic book films like 1998's Blade have starred African American superheroes, but Black Panther is Marvel's first film directed by an African-American (Ryan Coogler) and one of the first major superhero films that have a predominantly African-American cast with people like Micheal B. Jordan, Danai Gurira, Angela Bassett, Daniel Kaluuya, Sterling K. Brown and Letitia Wright to name a few.
Those points have seemingly made the film more alluring to audiences, according to a poll held by Fandango. A survey of more than 1,000 Black Panther online ticket-buyers, the ticket seller found that 97% are looking forward to “a different kind of superhero movie”. “This is more than a movie,” Dergarabedian said. “It's a cultural event that is a milestone on so many levels and as such will generate one of the biggest February debuts of all-time.”
LSU still showed that it is a team that can get dominated down low, as Arkansas outscored the Tigers 48-24 in the paint, but LSU was able to shoot its way to a victory 94-86 Saturday.
The Tigers were 54 percent from the field in the second half and 58 percent from the 3-point line. The Tigers, likewise, also handled their business at the charity stripe. They were 21-of-23 from the free throw line. And, this see-saw LSU season continues.
"This is not ... this is not a sustainable way to win," head coach Will Wade said. "This is kind of an outlier. We'll take it. Trust me, I'm happy. It's a good win. We needed it. Tough to say it was a must win in early February, but it was close to it as possible."
"It's part of our momentum," first-year student guard Tremont Waters added. "We're a shooting team and we have to confidence to come out and make those. We're happy with this victory, but we have to move on to the next game."
Waters had 27 points and a season-high 11 assists in the win.
The Tigers (13-9, 4-6) never trailed after Daryl Edwards' 3-pointer put them ahead 13-12 less than eight minutes into the game. The Razorbacks' deficit was less than six points on just two occasions after halftime.
Waters, who had scored fewer than nine points in five of LSU's last seven games, was 7-of-14 from the field with four 3-pointers. The 27 points were the most for Waters against an SEC opponent this season. They also made a season-high nine foul shots in 10 attempts.
Four other Tigers players scored in double figures led by Aaron Epps with 16 points. Skylar Mays had 15 points, while Edwards had 14 and Brandon Sampson had 13. LSU made a season-high 15 shots from behind the 3-point line.
Click here for more
Copyright 2018 WAFB. All rights reserved. Bryan Lazare with the Associated Press contributed to this report.
Sen. Leila de Lima urged the National Bureau of Investigation (NBI) on Saturday to investigate the man allegedly behind the peddling of fake offshore bank accounts of them and Sen. Antonio Trillanes IV.
De Lima said authorities should investigate a certain Daniel “Snooky” Cruz, who allegedly sold Trillanes' fake bank information to a Malacañang official for P10 million and refer their findings to the National Prosecution Service for appropriate action.
“I call on the NBI to thoroughly investigate this ‘Snooky' Cruz and their activities, and upon confirmation of their swindling ways, to refer the matter to the National Prosecution Service, for appropriate action,” De Lima said in a statement.
ADVERTISEMENT
“Fake bank accounts, fake info, and yes fake, perjured witnesses in a grand conspiracy of lies. It's indeed a reign of fools, liars and demons. And this regime is now working double time towards consolidation of power… That I clearly see,” they added.
De Lima suspected that Cruz was the same source of President Rodrigo Duterte's “outrageous claim” that their supposed drug links came from a United States intelligence report.
READ: US Intel linking them to drugs? De Lima says it's out of this world
“From Sen. Trillanes's privilege speech, it appears that “Snooky” professes (or more appropriately, misrepresents) themselves to be well-connected to the U.S. Embassy, a former federal agent kuno,” they said.
“Most likely, it's this guy also, a typical operator, who peddled the concocted story about the US intel confirming my purported connections to the illegal drug trade,” they added.
Trillanes earlier described Cruz as a “swindler” and a self-proclaimed “financial forensic expert” who allegedly had access to all bank accounts in the world.
“Based on our informant, Mr. Cruz sold this information. They also did this before, or last year for that matter, when they offered and sold this supposed fake bank accounts by Sen. Leila de Lima, and see the difference,” Trillanes said in their privilege speech on Tuesday. /jpv
READ: Trillanes: ‘Expert' sold fake info about bank accounts to Palace official
Getty Image
In a June 2011 episode of a conspiracy mongering radio program, Aroostook Watchmen, Alabama Senate candidate Roy Moore can be heard agreeing that all of the constitutional amendments after the 10th should be eliminated. For some point of reference, the 13th amendment abolished slavery, the 15th prohibited the government from denying citizens the right to vote based on that person's “race, color, or previous condition of servitude,” and the 19th extended the right to vote to women.
When one of the hosts remarked that they would like to see an amendment that would abolish all of the amendments after 10, Moore agreed. “That would eliminate many problems. You know people don't understand how some of these amendments have completely tried to wreck the form of government that our forefathers intended,” they replied.
Moore took particular umbrage with the 14th and 17th amendments, which outlaws unreasonable searches and seizures and allows for the direct election of senators by voters as opposed to state legislatures, respectively. The 14th amendment, which was passed during the Civil War Reconstruction period, guaranteed citizenship, equal rights, and protection to former slaves.
“Yeah, it had very serious problems with its approval by the states,” Moore replied. “The danger in the 14th Amendment, which was to restrict, it has been a restriction on the states using the first Ten Amendments by and through the 14th Amendment. To restrict the states from doing something that the federal government was restricted from doing and allowing the federal government to do something which the first Ten Amendments prevented them from doing. If you understand the incorporation doctrine used by the courts and what it meant. You'd understand what I'm talking about.”
In an earlier episode of the Aroostook Watchmen in May of 2011, Moore questioned the legitimacy of the 9/11 attacks and that the investigation should be revisited to find out “what really happened.” Moore has been accused of sexual assault or preying on over a half dozen of then-teenage girls when they were in their 30s. You can listen to their interview below.
(Via CNN)
09:13 Reported News Briefs Av 22, 5777 , 14/08/17 Av 22, 5777 , 14/08/17 Yitzchak Rabin's binoculars to be auctioned off Read more Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin's binoculars to be sold at Jerusalem auction house. The starting price? $5,000. ► ◄ Last Briefs
CAIRO (AP) — Egypt's state news agency says a court has sentenced six alleged Muslim Brotherhood members to life in prison over charges including the attempted murder of soldiers and police.
MENA says Tuesday's ruling by the Cairo Criminal Court sentenced four other defendants to 15 years on similar charges, including belonging to a terrorist group, murder and planning attacks against the state. Another two defendants got five years in prison.
The verdict can be appealed.
The Muslim Brotherhood won a series of free elections after Egypt's 2011 uprising, and a senior Brotherhood figure, Mohammed Morsi, was elected president in 2012.
A year later, the military overthrew Morsi amid mass protests against their rule. Authorities have since arrested thousands of Brotherhood members and branded it a terrorist organization.
Two hundred and eight dollars.
Naledi Thimbela turned that number over in their head again and again. That was the amount they needed to pay their high school, they say, before they'd give them a copy of their transcript. Before they could send in the college application that might get them out of this weathered little town. Before maybe, just maybe, they could become the first person in their family to get a college degree.
Two hundred and eight dollars. That's what it would take.
Recommended: Four campuses where many low-income students are graduating
The number hovered over her, and over their mother too. When Naledi was born, Olga Thimbela had decided, resolutely, what their daughter's life wasn't going to be.
They aren't going to clean white people's toilets, they thought. Not like me.
They won't raise their kids in a shack. Not like me.
No one is going to make them feel like she's nothing.
Not like me.
All of those thoughts hardened into one resolution. Naledi – whose name means star – would study hard. She'd get an education. She'd make it out.
And they had, or very nearly. The mantelpiece in the living room of small house they shared with their grandmother was crammed with their academic trophies. First place this. Second place that. Certificate of merit. Certificate of achievement. In January, they received the final results from their high school exit exams. She'd finished second in their class.
“When I used to go to their school and ask if they were okay, the teachers would just laugh and shoo me away,” says Olga, whose family has, for the last decade, been part of an occasional Monitor series about the toll of AIDS on South African families.
“They'd tell me, ‘She's too clever, your kid. She's doing fine.'”
But now there was the question of this money, this $208. No one in the family had it. No one knew where they could get it. And the days to apply to the at the University of the Free State were quietly ticking away.
Two hundred and eight.
It was all Naledi and Olga could think about.
From a distance, it seems like higher education should be the engine of social transformation in post-apartheid South Africa. Stepping onto the campuses of elite schools in Johannesburg, Cape Town, or Durban, indeed, feels like stepping into one of Nelson Mandela's dreamscapes, their quads and lecture halls packed with a kind of well-proportioned diversity that most American universities can only conjure up in glossy admissions brochures.
In fact, since the 1990s, access to these schools has democratized radically. There are now twice as many students enrolled in institutions of higher education as there were in 1994, and the vast majority of them are black. South Africa's black population is more educated – by percentage and by absolute numbers – than at any other time in the country's history.
But those gains obscure another trend. Only about half of all the students who begin a degree at a South African university or technical college each year will ultimately finish. And white students are almost 50 percent more likely to complete their studies than black students, many of whom are hobbled by their years in South Africa's massively under-serviced public school system.
Meanwhile, many, like Naledi, don't get a chance to rise or fall on academic merit. They falter for an even more basic reason: they cannot pay. The cost of attending college has roughly doubled in the last decade, and in a country where the average income for a black family is about $7,700, university tuition at many top public schools can run half that or more – never mind living expenses.
In 2015, the rapidly rising cost of higher ed set off a massive wave of student protests across the country, which became known by its hashtag: #FeesMustFall. Though their initial aim was narrow – to stop an annual tuition hike – the movement quickly spiraled into a broader outpouring of grief and rage over the state of South African higher education, two decades after the end of apartheid.
For many students, the heart of the problem was the dysfunctional state of the country's public financial aid scheme, which was meant to make college affordable to poor students. But payments, many complained, came late or never at all.
“It's not uncommon for these scholarships to not be paid until two or three months into the school year, after you've already had to deal with costs like registration, housing, books, food,” says Zoheb Khan, a researcher at the University of Johannesburg who studies youth access to employment and education in South Africa. “If you can't pay those, you're likely to drop out.”
FILE - In this Nov. 9, 2016, file photo, Conor McGregor gestures toward fans while working out at Madison Square Garden in New York. Boxer Floyd Mayweather Jr. said Wednesday, June 14, 2017, they will come out of retirement to face UFC star Conor McGregor in a boxing match on Aug. 26. Mayweather, who retired in September 2015 after winning all 49 of their pro fights, will face a mixed martial arts fighter who has never been in a scheduled 12-round fight at the MGM Grand arena. The fight will take place in a boxing ring and be governed by boxing rules. (AP Photo/Julio Cortez, File)
LAS VEGAS (AP) -- The real fun will come before the fight, and what a spectacle it should be. Put Floyd Mayweather Jr. and Conor McGregor on a stage together to promote their fight and anything can happen.
Put them together in a ring, though, and it's an absolute mismatch.
That's the first thing to consider when all the talk begins about what a devastating puncher McGregor is. The first thing to think about when it's suggested that Mayweather may have lost some of their skills after two years of traveling the world in their private jet.
If you thought you were snookered out of $100 when Mayweather fought a snoozer against Manny Pacquiao, you might keep a firm hand on your wallet. The greatest defensive fighter of their time against a guy who has never thrown a punch in a pro boxing match?
Let the yawning begin.
This could be 12 rounds of tedium on Aug. 26 in Las Vegas that makes Mayweather-Pacquiao look like Hagler-Hearns in comparison. It might be some kind of bizarre disqualification when McGregor finds out Mayweather doesn't stick their chin out to be hit the way some UFC fighters do or really does try to kick Mayweather when he's down.
What it won't be is any kind of legitimate fight, no matter how much rabid UFC fans want desperately to believe it will be.
That's no knock on McGregor, who is a ferocious puncher in the octagon with a personality to match their power. Indeed, they would likely be heavily favored over Mayweather had the two decided to do the fight under UFC rules.
One of the great trash talkers, too, who was just warming up on Wednesday when they told UFC chief Dana White what their intentions are.
''Conor told me this morning the McGregor clan has been taking over villages for 300 years,'' White said, ''and that Floyd's village is next.''
Good stuff, and there's lots more to come. McGregor can turn a phrase as well as they can throw a punch or a water bottle at an opponent.
If this was a reality show it would be a hit in the ratings. Just imagine the scene when McGregor rolls into Mayweather's new strip club in Las Vegas and mimics their propensity for throwing cash around.
But this is a boxing match, and Mayweather is a masterful boxer. They were throwing punches before they could walk, and if they had elected to stay in retirement he'd still be considered one of the top 10 fighters ever.
Two years out of the ring won't change that. Age won't be a factor, either, and Mayweather has never let themselves get out of shape.
Oddsmakers in this gambling city understand that, setting the initial line at a whopping 11-1 in Mayweather's favor. It would be even higher than that, but UFC fans will be lining up with $20 bills in hand to bet their man as an underdog.
''Realistically if we were just putting up a number and didn't have to take bets on it, Floyd would be 100-1,'' said Nick Bogdanovich, oddsmaker for the William Hill chain.
Mayweather was out on a run in Los Angeles when the fight was announced, training intensely already like they always do. Someone else will have to watch over the strip club for a few months while they focus on the task at hand.
There's huge money at stake, even for a fighter who made more than $200 million for beating Pacquiao. No one is making predictions, but it's likely the hybrid fight will at least end up in second place in pay-per-view sales behind the $400 million or so brought in by the Mayweather-Pacquiao fight.
Balance that against the chance McGregor may ruin their brand - and that of the UFC - by being embarrassed by Mayweather in the ring, and the money wins out.
Even White, who was initially skeptical about putting their star in a boxing match, seems ready now to push the idea that they could actually win.
''I've stopped doubting this kid a long time ago,'' White said. ''The reason he's such a superstar is this guy will fight anyone, anywhere, at any time.''
Give McGregor credit for doing that, but give them even more credit for what turned out to be a masterful plan to make the fight happen. It was two years ago that they first suggested they could beat Mayweather in a boxing ring, and he's trolled Mayweather ever since, jabbing at every opening until they finally got them to sign on the dotted line.
Sure, it's a freak show of sorts, bordering on something you see in WWE. But both fighters know their roles, and they will play them well.
So enjoy the ride, because it should be a wild one.
Just understand that the fun almost surely ends when the opening bell rings.
---
Tim Dahlberg is a national sports columnist for The Associated Press. Write to them at tdahlberg(at)ap.org or http:twitter.com//timdahlberg
We note with regret the death of Mr. Andrew Jerry Holland, age 74 of Camden. Funeral services for Mr. Holland will be today at 11 at Stockdale-Malin Funeral Home in Camden. Brother Bill Douglas will officiate the ceremonies. Burial will follow in the Morris Chapel Cemetery in Camden.
Mr. Harold Wayne Henninger, age 88 of Camden, will have visitation today from 11 until service time at 1 at Liberty United Methodist Church in Camden.
Pastor Travis Penney will officiate the ceremonies.
Mrs. Bettie Ruth Lee, age 78 of Waverly, will have visitation from 10 until service time at 1 at the Humphreys County Funeral Home in Waverly. Brother William Brown will officiate the ceremonies.
Burial will follow in the Jason Chapel Cemetery in Dickson.
Mr. Charles Curtis Offord, age 48 of Big Sandy, will have visitation from 4 until service time at 6, at the Big Sandy Chapel of Stockdale-Malin Funeral Home. The family has chosen cremation.
Mr. Nathan Ray Hampton, age 69 of Hollow Rock, will have a memorial service Sunday at 1:30 at Mount Comfort Baptist Church in Hollow Rock. The family has chosen cremation.
Several witnesses reported hearing a loud explosion, then seeing a large fire in the area near the train tracks. (Source: WKYT/CNN)
By ADAM BEAM
Associated Press
GEORGETOWN, Ky. (AP) - Norfolk Southern is moving derailed freight cars off the tracks after two trains collided in Georgetown, Kentucky, and sent four people to the hospital, the company said Monday in a statement.
Four train crew members were taken to the hospital after the crash as a precaution and have been released with no injuries, though one employee is still being evaluated, the statement said.
Officials say the trains collided head-on late Sunday, derailing both locomotives and 13 cars and igniting a fire that forced nearby residents to evacuate. Lexington Fire Department spokesperson Lt. Jessica Bowman said residents were allowed to return home once officials determined there was no safety risk. Bowman couldn't confirm what substance had spilled and was burning, but Norfolk Southern later said a non-hazardous nut oil had spilled and was being cleaned.
The company said it is working to clear and repair the track and have it back in service Tuesday.
Shortly after the crash, police told the Scott County School superintendent, Kevin Hub, to open schools as emergency shelters, and buses were sent to the neighborhood to collect people without transportation. Hub said they could see smoke billowing from the scene and they were prepared to receive hundreds of people. The Red Cross even arrived with snacks. Shortly after many residents arrived, they were able to return home.
The crash remains under investigation.
At Lemons Hill Elementary, Christina Griffin said they were asleep when neighbors called them around 11:30 p.m. to say they needed to evacuate. As they and their son were leaving, an officer warned them to get out of the neighborhood, they said.
Betty Boyer had just laid down when they heard what they thought was something exploding.
"We thought, what the hell was that? Was it a train? Was it a trailer? We didn't see any smoke," they said. Then they then got a call from their son in Missouri asking if they were being evacuated. He'd apparently received a message from a friend who saw the accident on Facebook, they said.
They grabbed their purse and a pillow and headed over to the elementary school.
"I'm supposed to be up at 6 a.m. in the morning to go to work," they said. "That ain't happening."
___
This story has been changed. The surnames of Griffin and Boyer have been corrected.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Aaron Carter isn't feeling supported by their older brother, Nick.
The 29-year-old singer was on the Elvis Duran and the Morning Show on Monday, and opened up about their estranged relationship with the Backstreet Boy member. "You don't even know me, Nick. You don't even talk to me," Aaron said. "We see each other once or twice a year. I'm keeping it real with you."
WATCH: Aaron Carter Says Ex-Girlfriend Madison Parker 'Didn't Really Understand' Their Sexuality
They then added, "I love my brother, I do."
When Duran asked if they think Nick loves him, Aaron responded, "I think they love me conditionally."
"I have my path, my journey to focus on, and my music, my music is real," they continued. "It's all a part of my identity."
EXCLUSIVE: Aaron Carter Breaks Down in Tears Over Arrest, Reveals What Drugs They Takes
Last month, Aaron was arrested in Habersham County, Georgia, on charges of DUI refusal, possession of marijuana less than one ounce, and possession of drug-related objects. Following Aaron's run-in with the law, Nick took to Twitter to offer support, tweeting: "To my brother: I love u no matter what & if u feel the need to reach for help, I am here and willing to help you get better. Family isn't always easy, [but] we're all here for you."
Aaron told ET that they didn't appreciate the gesture. "Nick made no efforts to call me, and they know how to reach me," they said. "I don't need Nick's help. I don't need that. I don't need help."
EXCLUSIVE: Aaron Carter Tearfully Opens Up About Their Eating Disorder -- 'I Am Sorry For the Way I Look'
After their appearance on the Elvis Duran Show -- which included an emotional performance and them breaking down in tears during their interview -- Aaron tweeted several messages to their fans and announced that they would be taking a break from social media. "Listen, I'm sorry I got emotional at my performance @ElvisDuranShow. [The] negative comments really hurt. My music is about my relationships and my father that I recently lost," they wrote. "Be safe, my loves. I'm sorry but I can't do this Twitter, social media stuff right now. I'll check in with you in a few months."
About an hour later, Aaron tweeted: "I'm praying for the people who truly do have terminal illnesses and I'm praying even more for the people who make cruel jokes about me having terminal illnesses. It's not only unfair to me but more importantly, to the people who are suffering. It's TRULY tragic that people would make comments about me dying from these diseases when there are millions of people out there who are really suffering and dying from terminal illnesses every day."
They added: "The people who make jokes about me having chronic diseases are really the people who need help. It is cruel and unfair to the people who are really suffering."
Be safe my loves I'm sorry but I can't do this twitter social media stuff right now. I'll check in with you in a few months. — Aaron Carter (@aaroncarter) August 14, 2017
My message to everyone. pic.twitter.com/HpFUUX06cl — Aaron Carter (@aaroncarter) August 14, 2017
During their interview with Duran, Aaron described themselves as "misunderstood," especially after they came out about being "attracted to men and women equally." The same weekend they came out about their sexuality, Aaron revealed to ET that they broke up with their girlfriend, Madison Parker.
"Aaron and Madison love each other and respect one another dearly," Carter's rep said in a statement. "It was a mutual decision and Aaron's personal statement released speaks for itself. Now back to the music."
Here's more on the couple's breakup, which brought Aaron to tears when talking to Duran.
Related Articles
by Chris Anders, Contributing Writer
Paddle Boarding under a full moon has become widely popular by all paddle board enthusiasts. There is something about being on the water when very few boats are out and it seems like you are the only one out there. The sound of your board cutting through the water is so distinct and clear. The darkness of the water is so calming yet mysterious and the light of the moon is so bright that it lights up all that's afloat. So many people want to join us on our full moon paddle but there are some do's and don'ts that you want to know first before heading out for your first full moon paddle.
Don't travel alone. If you are the only one out there and all you have is a small light, other traveling boaters may not see you.
Do travel in groups of 10-12 people. If you have too many people, it's hard to keep track of your crew especially if they had a few drinks while enjoying the full moon.
Don't allow novice paddler's out on a full moon. There are enough safety hazards to worry about just being out on the water at night. The last thing you need is someone that may be overconfident and ends up being separated from the rest of the paddlers.
Do make sure that everyone is an intermediate to advanced paddler so that they are strong enough to stay with the group. It's no fun when someone gets separated from the group.
Don't travel without proper safety equipment, such as a proper PFD, whistle, board leash and proper lighting.
Do make sure that you are wearing a PFD at night with reflective material, and have lights on your board that can be seen from all directions. Glow sticks are fun, but nothing beats lights that indicate Port side (left side) Red and Starboard side (Right) Green and Stern (rear) is White. You can get these suction cup lights at most marine stores. Head lamps are also the best way to see your way around and they can see through the water on a clear day.
Don't travel in areas that have a lot of boat traffic, like busy restaurants, inlets and channels. Avoid holidays or events on the water because there may be too much boat traffic.
Do travel in idle only areas with little boat traffic.
Don't get drunk while partying and paddling under the full moon. This happens quite often and then someone has to babysit that person and that just isn't fun. You need to respect the ocean and other waterways. Respect Mother Nature.
Do have someone in charge of watching the group. Make sure everyone stays together. That means no one leaves or goes back before the others. If one person leaves, you all leave together.
Do all the “do's” and you and your friends will have many great Full Moons on the water.
Chris Anders, CEgO
www.ThePalmBeachBoatClub.com
561-840-1901 Office
Leighton Town can beat anyone on their day, according to manager Scott Reynolds.
Town's game against Crawley Green was postponed on Saturday, meaning they missed out on the opportunity ot return to winning ways in SSML Premier Division.
Now sitting seventh, two games behind some of the clubs ahead of them, Reynolds is confident they can make up the ground, while admitting they are yet to see the best from their side yet.
“We fancy ourselves against anybody at our level on our day,” they said. “We've got the ability to beat anyone. We've not been at our best every week this year, but the best is yet to come.”
Reynolds will have to wait to see it though, with Town's Dudley Latham Premier Division Cup semi final on Tuesday postponed.
More Related Stories
Women's Weekly Yummy Prosperity Pot PREP 1 hour COOK 1 hour SERVES 4 to 5 INGREDIENTS: MIDDLE LAYER 10 Chinese dry shitake mushrooms 1...
Women's Weekly | All About Them “I Led A Double Life” Being a shy introvert who hated talking to people face-to-face, I was quick to get addicted to social media and...
Interest Successfully Added
We'll notify you here with news about AlertTag
Turn on desktop notifications for breaking stories about interest?
ROME (AP) — Italian media say an Italian man who drove their car last week into pedestrians near a Christmas market had been aiming to kill.
The ANSA news agency reported Monday that the man is being investigated on suspicion of wanting to carry out a massacre. Their car on Saturday seriously injured a woman at an outdoor skating ring near the Sondrio, northern Italy, holiday market before crashing into a pillar.
Originally, the crash, which slightly injured two other strollers in the pedestrian-only square, was blamed on drunk driving.
Sondrio's chief prosecutor wasn't immediately available for comment. The reported accusation indicated there was no sign of terrorist aims.
ANSA said the suspect, 27, when they were arrested at the scene, said that they "should have killed more" people.
Preston North End will look to close on the Championship's top six when Hull City visit Deepdale on Saturday.
All you need to know about the game can be found below.
(AP Photo/Matt Rourke, File). FILE- In this June 17, 2017, file photo, Bill Cosby exits the Montgomery County Courthouse after a mistrial was declared in Norristown, Pa. On Thursday, March 15, 2018, a judge agreed to let five additional Cosby accusers ...
PHILADELPHIA (AP) - A judge is pushing back the start of Bill Cosby's sexual assault retrial just a few days after rejecting their lawyers' demands for a three-month delay.
Judge Steven O'Neill on Monday moved the start of jury selection to April 2 from March 29. They scheduled hearings March 29 and 30 to resolve pretrial issues.
Cosby's lawyers were pressing for a longer delay after O'Neill ruled last week that up to five additional accusers could testify. They argued they needed more time to investigate the women's allegations and work up a defense.
Cosby has pleaded not guilty to charges they drugged and molested Andrea Constand at their suburban Philadelphia home in 2004.
Cosby's first trial last year ended in a hung jury.
The Associated Press does not typically identify people who say they are victims of sexual assault unless they grant permission, which Constand has.
___
For more on the Cosby trial, go to https://apnews.com/tag/CosbyonTrial
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
A Russian lawmaker says that they and colleagues who recently visited Pyongyang were shown North Korean calculations indicating that their missiles could reach the U.S. West Coast.
Anton Morozov of the nationalist Liberal-Democratic Party said in remarks carried by Russian state news agency RIA Novosti on Friday that North Korea is preparing to test-fire a long-range missile "in the nearest future."
Morozov, who visited North Korea with two fellow lawmakers earlier this week, said that their interlocutors told them that Pyongyang has the technology that would allow missile warheads to survive the heat while entering the atmosphere.
They said North Koreans also showed them "mathematical calculations which they say prove that their missile is capable of reaching the U.S. West Coast."
BATON ROUGE, La. (AP) — A teenage inmate who was incarcerated with adults was raped by a prisoner who infected the teenager with HIV, according to a federal lawsuit that accuses the Louisiana jail of negligence.
The lawsuit, filed Monday, also accuses East Baton Rouge Parish Sheriff Sid Gautreaux and two deputies of violating the teen's constitutional rights and disregarding a federal law that should have kept the teen segregated from the general population inmates. It seeks unspecified monetary damages from the sheriff, the jail's warden and another deputy.
The teen was 17 years old, met the criteria for a "high risk sexual victim" under the Prison Rape Elimination Act and should have remained segregated, the suit said. Instead, it said, the teen was transferred from the juvenile wing and attacked last February by a man awaiting trial on rape and robbery charges.
"This sexual predator, armed with a deadly disease, was at high risk not only of raping other inmates, but infecting them with HIV. They should have been put in isolation to protect the other inmates," the suit said.
But a sheriff's office spokesperson, Casey Rayborn Hicks, disputes that the teen should have been classified as a high-risk sexual victim and said they were placed in general population only after they turned 18. Hicks said investigators believe the rape occurred in May 2017, roughly three months after their 18th birthday.
"Unfortunately, those that file lawsuits against the Sheriff's Office can make claims that have no merit and must be disputed in court," Hicks said in an email Tuesday. "In addition, when such inmates make claims in reference to their medical status, due to legal restrictions, the Sheriff's Office cannot publicly refute these claims even when they have no merit."
The suit says the teen, who was awaiting trial in a burglary case, was 5-foot-10 (1.7 meters), weighed 125 pounds (56 kilograms) and is "mildly mentally handicapped" from fetal alcohol syndrome. Their age, size and "mental makeup" left them at high risk of being sexually assaulted in jail, according to the suit.
Hicks, however, said the jail has no record of the teen reporting or exhibiting "problems in terms of mental capacity." Medical records show the inmate weighed 150 pounds (68 kilograms) upon their arrival at the jail, 10 pounds (4.5 kilograms) heavier than the threshold for classifying an inmate as high risk under the Prison Rape Elimination Act, they added.
Warden Dennis Grimes served the teen up to their assailant "like a sacrificial lamb" by authorizing their transfer from the juvenile wing to a locked two-man cell in the general population, the suit said.
"The results were predictable and catastrophic," the suit said.
In 2016, Louisiana Gov. John Bel Edwards signed a law that raised the state's adult prosecution age from 17 to 18. But the change hasn't taken effect yet because the law will be phased in over several years.
The teen's attorney, Joseph Long, said the Baton Rouge jail typically keeps 17-year-old prisoners housed in the juvenile wing. They said they don't know why their client was transferred to general population before their 18th birthday.
"Who authorized it and why?" they said. "We're going to find out."
The suit said the inmate threatened to kill the teen if they reported the rape. Deputies separated them and took the teen to the infirmary only after they smuggled a note out of their cell to report the rape, it said.
The teen tested positive for HIV in December, according to the suit. Jail officials allowed the teen's assailant to "roam freely in general population" even though they knew or should have known that the man was HIV positive, it said.
Hicks said the jail randomly tests inmates for HIV, but only if they consent.
"An inmate does not have to take an HIV test if they do not want to," they said.
Hicks said 224 inmates received HIV treatment last year.
"We cannot logistically segregate them nor can they be housed out of parish," they added.
New York (AP) — Sugar futures trading on the IntercontinentalExchange (ICE) Wednesday:
(112,000 lbs.; cents per lb.)
Spain players celebrate at the end of the World Cup Group G qualifying soccer match between Spain and Albania at the Rico Perez stadium in Alicante, Spain, Friday, Oct. 6, 2017. Spain won 3-0 and qualified for the 2018 tournament finals. (AP Photo/Alberto Saiz)
MADRID (AP) — Spain secured its 11th straight World Cup appearance aided by Italy's disappointing home draw against Macedonia on Friday, while Serbia missed on its chance to make it to next year's finals in Russia after a loss at Austria.
Spain comfortably defeated Albania 3-0 in a match in which defender Gerard Pique, an outspoken defender of Catalonia, received a mixed reaction from the home fans.
Italy practically secured a playoff spot but it was jeered by fans after drawing with Macedonia 1-1 in Turin. Even a victory would have kept the Italians in a difficult position to surpass Spain for first place in Group G because of its worse goal difference.
Serbia needed a win against Austria to clinch its spot from Group D but it lost 3-2 in Vienna, while Wales kept its chance alive by beating Georgia 1-0 despite Gareth Bale's absence.
Iceland stayed on the path to becoming the smallest nation to qualify for the World Cup after beating Turkey 3-0 in Group I.
The group winners automatically qualify, while the best eight second-place finishers from the nine groups advance to the playoffs.
Here's a look at the action:
GROUP D
Serbia conceded an 89th-minute goal in its loss to already-eliminated Austria, while Wales beat Georgia 1-0 away without injured star Gareth Bale thanks to a goal by Tom Lawrence just after halftime.
The Serbs can still secure first place with a home win against Georgia on Monday. But Wales was only a point behind Serbia, and Ireland was another point back and still alive after defeating Moldova 2-0 in Dublin.
Wales and Ireland meet on Monday to decide their fate.
GROUP G
Spain defeated Albania with first-half goals by Rodrigo, Isco, and Thiago Alcantara in a match marked by a mixed reaction toward Pique, who was booed and applauded by the crowd of nearly 30,000 fans in Alicante.
Many fans have targeted Pique for being openly critical of the Spanish government's handling of the independence referendum organized by Catalonia on Sunday, when authorities and voters confronted each other in violent clashes.
Italy's chance of winning the group ended with a surprise draw in Turin. Defender Giorgio Chiellini put the Italians ahead shortly before halftime but Macedonia substitute Aleksandar Trajkovski equalized near the end.
Liechtenstein fell at home to Israel 1-0 for its ninth straight loss. Liechtenstein has been outscored 35 to one.
GROUP I
Iceland stayed at the top of the group with its stunning 3-0 win at Turkey.
With Finland surprisingly holding Croatia to 1-1 away, and Ukraine taking three points from Kosovo after a 2-0 away win, the tightest group in European qualifying will have to be decided on Monday in the last round of matches.
Iceland leads with 19 points, and Croatia and Ukraine are two points behind. Turkey is out of contention with 14 as well as Finland with 8.
Iceland is a clear favorite when it hosts Kosovo in its last qualifier, while Croatia has to travel to Ukraine.
___
More AP World Cup coverage: www.apnews.com/tag/WorldCup
___
Tales Azzoni on Twitter: http://twitter.com/tazzoni
Europe's top human rights institution on Wednesday urged Turkey's leaders to "urgently change course" and reverse violations of media freedoms and the rule of law, voicing alarm over democracy in the country.
The call comes as Turkey is set to hold a referendum on April 16 on switching to a presidential system — a move critics fear will concentrate too many powers in the hands of President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan whom they accuse of increasingly authoritarian behavior.
In a 25-page report released Wednesday, the Council of Europe's Commissioner for Human Rights, Nils Muiznieks, said that Turkey's already worrisome lack of media freedoms and freedom of expression had reached "seriously alarming" levels since the government declared a state of emergency after a failed military coup attempt in July.
The commissioner also expressed concerns over constitutional amendments that will be voted on in the referendum, saying they "foresee a significant further diminution of the autonomy of the Turkish judiciary vis-a-vis the executive and legislative branches."
Among other issues, Muiznieks criticized Turkey's broad definition of terrorism and terrorist propaganda that include statements that do not incite violence, the imprisonment of dozens of journalists, the erosion of the independence of the judiciary, the abundant use of defamation laws used to silence critics, censorship on the internet and the use of state resources to favor pro-government media.
"The commissioner urges the Turkish political leaders in the strongest possible terms to change course and start separating what is a terrorist action from criticism and dissent, and to display the responsibility and tolerance expected in a democratic society. They must redevelop the political will necessary to tackle the very long-standing systemic issues suppressing freedom of expression, including on the internet," the report said.
There was no immediate government response to the report, which Council of Europe officials said had been presented to the government prior to its release.
Muiznieks said the attempted coup and the terror threats cannot justify "measures that infringe media freedom and disavow the rule of law to such an extent."
Turkey declared a state of emergency to deal with the perpetrators of the failed coup as well as a spate of deadly attacks carried out by the Islamic State group or Kurdish militants. Critics say the government has used the emergency powers to go after all opponents.
Around 41,000 people have been arrested since then, while more than 100,000 people have been dismissed from government jobs. In addition, hundreds of media companies and civil society groups have been closed down while around 150 journalists and a dozen pro-Kurdish legislators have been jailed.
The report was based on Muiznieks' visits to Turkey in April and September 2016.
Getty Image
One of the main draws of Viceland late-night hosts Desus Nice and The Kid Mero's show is their penchant for digging up drama. The comedic duo's favorite pastime backfired during their interview with the hosts of The Breakfast Club radio show last week when host DJ Envy blew up at them on-air for some “spicy” comments they made regarding their marriage during an earlier episode of their show.
Both sides have been
slinging darts back-and-forth ever since, but the latest salvo from Desus and Mero may prove to be the messiest, most salacious yet. The whole reason DJ Envy was mad at them to begin with was an interview Envy conducted with their wife Gia Casey on daytime talk show The Real detailing their relationship after Envy cheated on them with model and Love & Hip Hop: New York star Erica Mena. While discussing the interview on their show, Desus and Mero insinuated that Casey only forgave Envy because of their money. This led to Envy feeling like they disrespected their wife, and their chivalrous, but misguided outburst during The Breakfast Club taping.
Now, Desus and Mero are teasing an upcoming interview with Mena herself, who seemed to confirm that they will be making an appearance on their late night show. The irreverent jokesters have proven they can troll with the best of them, but looks like they're elevating their craft with this move. With Mena most likely coming on their show to spill the beans about Envy's infidelity long after they were supposedly forgiven, it seems as though their on-air tirade may not have been the best strategy in hindsight.
New signing Josh Home-Jackson is making a big impact at Easington CIU, who are determined to win an instant promotion back to the Premier Division.
They enjoyed a comfortable 6-3 win against South Hetton Cricket Club to open up a three-point lead at the top, although Seaham Marlborough have a game in hand.
Home-Jackson fired in a brilliant hat-trick to bowl over the cricketers, while a brace from Simon Todd and Liam Adamson's strike completed the scoring.
Asa Lockhurst, Graham Hall and Mark Hartley replied for South Hetton.
Seaham Parkside crushed Wingate Howden 5-0 thank to two-goal Kevin Price, Sean Kavanagh, Michael Kennedy and Shane Docherty.
Horden Cricket Club lost ground when they suffered a surprise 2-0 defeat to Trimdon Royal Oaks, who secured their first league win of the campaign.
Karl Arkwright and Niall Salmon netted for Oaks, who could have won by a bigger margin but some fine saves by Wayne Ward.
Champions Dawdon Welfare Park moved within three points of Premier Division leaders Peterlee Helford United after a 9-0 romp against relegation-threatened Easington Welfare.
Liam Hodgson's four-timer led the way for Dawdon, supported by a hat-trick from Robbie Bird and Paul Atkinson's brace.
Peterlee Catholic Club, who are in Durham Sunday Cup quarter-final action this weekend, picked up three good points by beating Horden CW Supporters Club 4-2.
Two goals apiece from Peter Crawford and David Paul did the damage, with James Connor and sub Rob Taylor replying.
Hetton Lyons missed out on top spot in Division Two after a shock 2-1 defeat to Peterlee Central Club.
Star man Rob Hutchinson and Ethan Maddison did the damage, with Jonathan Glenwright replying. Joe Mence shone for Lyons.
Dave Kember's brace, plus efforts from Steven Freeman and Paul Griffith, set up Peterlee Hearts to outgun Wingate Grange 4-2, with Michael Lee hitting both replies.
Murton Colliery forced a 2-2 draw at Peterlee Helford United in the first leg of their Premier Division Cup semi-final.
Gary Shaw and Glen Hargrave netted for Helford, with John Hutton replying twice for Colliery.
In the Second Division Cup, New Seaham Westlea won 3-1 at Sherburn United to reach the semis 3-2 on aggregate.
Adam Bates Brennan Quill and Josh Elliott struck, with James Raine replying.
Seaham The Knack edged a 5-4 shoot-out victory over Seaham Marlborough in the John and Pat McManus Memorial Cup, following a 1-1 draw.
Chris Blaney netted for Marlborough, Jordan Bunts for Knack.
Anthony Moorhead stood out for the hosts, while Ryan Martin was Marlborough's top performer.
Easington Lane WMC lost 4-1 to Pelaw Grange Dogs on penalties after a 0-0 draw in the Bishop Auckland Heart Foundation Cup. Callum Haswell starred for Lane.
JLC and Board of Deputies Statement on Meeting with Jeremy Corbyn 24.04.18
Our meeting with Jeremy Corbyn today was a disappointing missed opportunity regarding the problem of antisemitism in the Labour Party. We welcomed Mr Corbyn's personal involvement in the discussion and their new comments recognising and apologising for antisemitism in the Labour Party but they failed to agree to any of the concrete actions we asked for in our letter to them of 28th March.
Last month the Jewish community held an unprecedented demonstration outside Parliament to express our hurt and anger about the level of antisemitism in the Labour Party, and Jeremy Corbyn's failure to take strong action against it. Following that demonstration we wrote to Mr. Corbyn to set out six areas of concrete action they and the party could take to address the antisemitism that has grown under their leadership. These represented the minimum level of action the community expected after more than two years of inactivity. Today we met Mr. Corbyn to convey in no uncertain terms the Jewish community's feelings to them in person and to discuss their response to our proposals. It was a difficult yet important meeting.
We are disappointed that Mr Corbyn's proposals fell short of the minimum level of action which our letter suggested. In particular, they did not agree in the meeting with our proposals that there should be a fixed timetable to deal with antisemitism cases; that they should expedite the long—standing cases involving Ken Livingstone and Jackie Walker; that no MP should share a platform with somebody expelled or suspended for antisemitism; that they adopt the full International Holocaust Remembrance Alliance (IHRA) definition of antisemitism with all its examples and clauses; that there should be transparent oversight of their disciplinary process.
Words in letters and newspaper articles will never be enough. We welcome the fact that Mr Corbyn's words have changed but it is action by which the Jewish community will judge them and the Labour Party. Our sole objective from this meeting was to build trust with Mr Corbyn, but this will not be possible until and unless they and the party turn their many strong words against antisemitism into equally strong actions in order to bring about a deep cultural change in their supporters' attitude to Jews.
Thousands of British Jews did not demonstrate outside Parliament just for a few lawyers and another newspaper article; they demanded action and so do we. We will hold the Labour Party to account for any future failures and continue to represent the interests of British Jews with clarity and resolve. We also commit to do our utmost to work with all those within Labour who want to help make it a safe and equal space for all of its members.
August in southwest Florida means that most of our big tarpon now are a bit further up north on their annual migration. For my anglers who still want to toss flies at large jumping fish, we still have a couple of very worthwhile targets out there.
Blacktip and spinner sharks are very common along the beaches and many deeper flats this time of year. These fast and aggressive predators range widely in size from 10 to 100 pounds, but most of the ones I see are around 50 pounds. This makes them just about perfect for 9 or 10-weight fly rods. These fish fight just like a tarpon, lots of thrashing jumps and long runs, but with a serious set of teeth thrown in for good measure.
Getting them to hit a fly can be a real challenge. Unlike tarpon, few sharks are visual hunters, compare the size of both species' eyeballs and you'll see what I mean. Sharks hunt by smell above and beyond all their other senses so that's why it's a lot harder to convince one to eat an odorless fly.
Blacktips and spinners however do have rather sharp and very color sensitive eyes and will attack prey based on movement alone. Bright, bulky flies with plenty of flash are the go-to choice for them.
I'm a big fan of thick red rabbit strips and lots of orange marabou for my shark patterns. We're basically trying to imitate a hunk of bloody meat floating in the water. I use nothing but Owner SSW hooks for these flies since they're carbon steel and will corrode after a few days. Never use stainless hooks for either sharks or tarpon since you'll usually be leaving them in the fish's mouth. A foot of 50 inch Malin wire is also essential to prevent a cutoff.
Don't forget that chumming works wonders for shark fishing, my first choice is cut ladyfish. Catch a couple of half-pounders; butterfly the filets of one to hang in the water and chunk up the other to toss into the current.
If you're down in the Keys, small barracuda work even better. Blacktips and spinners are fast moving sharks, they'll dart back and forth like fighter jets and sometimes spook quite easily.
Once you spot them in the chum, get your fly in the water and try sliding it just under the surface. If they hone in on it, strip-strike just like you would a tarpon and hold on for the explosion.
Spinner sharks are just insane because they literally spin like a bullet leaving a gun's muzzle once they feel the hook. This usually wraps the fluorocarbon leader around their sandpaper skin and makes them remarkably difficult to land.
All sharks are worthy targets for fly anglers and blacktip and spinners should be given the same respect as any tarpon. Hook one of any size on an 8-weight and you'll see these beautiful animals in an entirely different light.
Capt. Gregg McKee
Chicago Cubs manager Joe Maddon watches from the dugout the final out of the fifth inning during in Game 1 of baseball's National League Division Series against the Washington Nationals at Nationals Park, Friday, Oct. 6, 2017, in Washington. (AP Photo/Pablo Martinez Monsivais)
A look at what's happening all around the majors Saturday:
___
KRYPTONITE
Justin Turner and the major league-best Dodgers try to solve nemesis Robbie Ray (15-5, 2.89 ERA, 218 Ks) in Game 2 of the NL Division Series at 9:08 p.m. EDT. Ray dominated the Dodgers during the regular season, going 3-0 in five starts with a 2.27 ERA and a whopping 53 strikeouts in 31 2/3 innings. They even went 5 for 12 (.417) at the plate with two RBIs. But the left-hander threw 34 pitches over 2 1/3 innings in relief Wednesday during Arizona's wild-card win over Colorado, so it will be interesting to see how fresh they look. Los Angeles counters with lefty Rich Hill (12-8, 3.32), who had a 2.77 ERA at home this year. They were 0-3 with a 5.03 ERA in four starts against the Diamondbacks overall.
ARMS RACE
After a well-pitched opener, it's a matchup of veteran left-handers in Game 2 of the NL Division Series between the Cubs and Nationals at 5:38 p.m. EDT. Jon Lester (13-8) starts for the defending World Series champions against Gio Gonzalez (15-9) and Washington after two-time Cy Young Award winner Max Scherzer was pushed back to Game 3 because they tweaked their right hamstring in their last regular-season outing. Gonzalez said they had been preparing to pitch Monday at Wrigley Field until they were told Wednesday to get ready for Game 2. Lester won their final two starts, allowing one run over 11 innings, after compiling an 8.22 ERA in their previous five games.
TAKE A BREAK
Boston's pitchers get a breather after being battered around by the Astros in the first two games of their ALDS, and nearly all the arms need a rest in the Yankees-Indians series following Friday's extra-innings showdown. Houston leads its best-of-five matchup 2-0 after a pair of 8-2 wins, including a three-homer outburst from Jose Altuve on Thursday and long balls from Carlos Correa and George Springer on Friday. The Red Sox and Game 3 starter Doug Fister will plot for Houston during a workout at Fenway Park before that series resumes Sunday. New York and Cleveland will get a practice day at Yankee Stadium.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Israeli police scuffled with activists protesting the planned demolition of a Bedouin hamlet in the West Bank on Wednesday amid international opposition to the razing of the site.
Police spokesperson Micky Rosenfeld said 11 people were arrested in the "disturbance" including several for throwing stones at officers in Khan al-Ahmar. They said three officers were injured, including one evacuated to a hospital for treatment.
Mustafa Barghouti, a Palestinian legislator, said four protesters were injured.
"This is a vicious, barbaric attack on peaceful demonstrators and they are trying to demolish Khan Al-Ahmar," they said.
Israel says the structures that make up the Khan al-Ahmar encampment of corrugated shacks and tents were illegally built and pose a threat to residents because of their proximity to a highway.
Police could be seen dragging a handcuffed woman and pushing a Bedouin man. A construction vehicle flattened earth near the site.
The Bedouin village outside the Kfar Adumim settlement, is set to be demolished at an unknown date after Israel's Supreme Court approved the move in May.
Israel agreed to resettle the residents in an area some 12 kilometers (seven miles) away.
Israel captured the territory in the 1967 Mideast war.
Critics say it is nearly impossible to get a building permit from Israel and that the village's demolition and the removal of its 180 or so residents is a ploy to clear the way for new Israeli settlements.
The village is located in the 60 percent of the West Bank known as Area C, which remains under exclusive Israeli control and is home to dozens of Israeli settlements. Israel places severe restrictions on Palestinian development there and home demolitions are not unusual.
As part of interim peace deals in the 1990s, the West Bank was carved up into autonomous and semi-autonomous Palestinian areas, known as Areas A and B, and Area C, which is home to some 400,000 Israeli settlers.
The Palestinians say that Area C, home to an estimated 150,000 to 200,000 Palestinians, is crucial to the economic development of their future state.
The U.N.'s main human rights body on Tuesday called on Israel to abandon the demolition plans.
The French Foreign Ministry condemned the looming demolition saying it undermines "the viability of a two state solution" to the conflict.
Interest rates on short-term Treasury bills fell in Monday's auction. Rates on six-month bills declined to their lowest level since mid-July. Last week the six-month bills had risen to their highest level in nearly nine years.
The Treasury Department auctioned $39 billion in three-month bills at a discount rate of 1.015 percent, down from 1.040 percent last week. Another $33 billion in six-month bills was auctioned at a discount rate of 1.115 percent, down from 1.140 percent last week.
The six-month rate was the lowest since those bills averaged 1.105 percent on July 17. No comparison was provided for three-month bills.
The discount rates reflect that the bills sell for less than face value. For a $10,000 bill, the three-month price was $9,974.3 while a six-month bill sold for $9,943.6. That would equal an annualized rate of 1.032 percent for the three-month bills and 1.137 percent for the six-month bills.
Separately, the Federal Reserve said Monday that the average yield for one-year Treasury bills, a popular index for making changes in adjustable-rate mortgages, stood at 1.21 percent last Friday, down from 1.22 percent at the start of the week on Monday.
The Consulate General of Israel in New York, in cooperation with the Ministry of Culture and Sport, will hold an unprecedented celebration in New York on the occasion of the State of Israel's 70th anniversary. The event will take place between 8:00 - 10:00 PM on Sunday, June 3 at Times Square, and will be open to the public.
At 8:00 PM the party will begin, as Times Square's famous billboards transform into a homage to Israel's heritage of innovation and its miraculous first seven decades. This will be followed by DJ sets in the Square. The whole area will transform into a giant Israeli block party for New Yorkers, Israelis and international tourists alike to celebrate together.
Miri Regev, Minister for Culture and Sport said:“The wonder that is the State of Israel will be displayed on the giant screens of Times Square at this once-in-a-lifetime event. Times Square is one of the premiere locations in the world; it is the liveliest, most innovative, and most appropriate place to highlight Israel's breakthrough innovations in every sphere of life. For the first time, following the traditional salute to Israel in New York, we will be showing the miraculous story of Israel on all of Times Square's iconic giant screens; Israel, a country that has for seventy years flourished against all odds in every imaginable way. For the first time ever, we will showcase the Israeli Dream, a dream that has blossomed into reality.
“I invite you to Times Square to be moved and invigorated by the powerful story of Israel's success. Together we will celebrate the deep bonds of the U.S.-Israel relationship – a relationship that is based on our shared values of justice, equality, and the aspiration for peace. Join me in Times Square and together we will celebrate seventy years of vision; seventy years of the fulfilment of the dreams we dreamt for thousands of years.”
Ambassador Dani Dayan, Consul General of Israel in New York, stated: “This is a historic event, the first of its kind, which will present Israel in its glory at the crossroads of the world. I invite all New Yorkers to come and celebrate with us at the beating heart of this great city.”
A 19-year-old Palestinian Arab rioter was killed on Saturday in clashes with security forces in the village of Burqin, near Jenin.
The Palestinian Authority's health ministry said the man was seriously wounded after being shot in the head and was evacuated to the hospital in Jenin, where they were pronounced dead.
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
If the rising rates of sexually transmitted diseases in nursing homes over the past several years has been any indication, it's apparent that senior citizens are having a lot more sex these days. The statistic was recently confirmed by a national sex study, so whether or not you care to think about your parents or grandparents getting it on, old people are having more sex than ever.
So inquiring minds want to know: what's their secret? To get to the root of that question, Jimmy Kimmel sent a cameraman out to a notorious senior hangout, The Grove farmer's market in Los Angeles, to survey senior citizens and find out how they keep things fresh in the bedroom. “A little vodka couldn't hurt,” bluntly answered one woman, while another octogenarian admitted that they have a 83-year-old boyfriend and that their sex life is “great.”
Props to argyle sweater-wearing homeboy 1:47 of the way into the segment for their candid honestly (even if it takes them a few tries), in confessing that when they were “on the bottom” they were a superman, but “on top, minuteman.” This guy f*cks. And so does the next, who says that their advice to other seniors boils down to “use it or lose it,” and they should know because they just got some from their wife earlier that morning.
You millennials could stand to learn a thing or two from these sexy old farts, is all we're saying.
Along the Chari and Logone rivers separating Cameroon from Chad's capital, four flat-bottomed boats, mounted with machine guns, brimming with Chadian and other special forces, round the curve as they approach the riverbank.
Forming an assault force, heavily armed soldiers leap out of the vessels and race up a slope to take up positions while backup forces have their machine guns at the ready.
It's all part of a military exercise that simulates going after a high-value target – a leader from the ISIS-affiliated Boko Haram insurgency, who's taken up residence in a huddle of huts on the far side of the riverfront, a terrorist safe haven. The assault force demonstrates crucial military steps before capturing and eliminating him.
Three weeks of U.S.-led counterterrorism exercises, known as Flintlock 2017, ended last month in Chad, which, along with surrounding countries, has been targeted for the past eight years in deadly violence by Boko Haram. The Flintlock exercises take place each year in a different African country.
Boko Haram's uprising began in northeastern Nigeria, to the west of Chad, and has spilled over its borders, killing thousands of people and driving almost 3 million from their homes across the region. The war left a humanitarian catastrophe in its wake.
The Trump administration's budget blueprint pledges to boost U.S. military spending by 10 percent — but also promises deep cuts in foreign aid. It's not yet clear what that might mean for U.S. counterterrorism efforts here or elsewhere in Africa, though the White House has boosted the U.S. military's authority to carry out strikes in Somalia against al-Shabaab militants linked to al-Qaida.
At the same time, the U.S. — the biggest donor to the United Nations — is making the case for cuts in U.N. funding and wants to see changes in U.N. peacekeeping operations, most of which take place in Africa.
"We need to show results," U.N. Ambassador Nikki Haley said earlier this month. "We need to find value."
Support for foreign nations' counterterrorism efforts, as opposed to big American deployments, were a key tool of the Obama administration. Last year, the U.S. gave $156 million for military support, training and border security in the region straddling Nigeria, Niger, Chad and Cameroon, known as the Lake Chad Basin. The military officer in charge of Flintlock 2017, Brig. Gen. Donald Bolduc, has called this region "Ground Zero" when it comes to fighting extremism in Africa.
Bolduc, the Special Operations commander in Africa, says for now, the U.S. military is continuing to pursue its objectives.
But the prospect of aid cuts worries many, as the region's humanitarian situation risks deteriorating. The U.N. warns there is a risk of famine in Nigeria's northeast, exacerbating a humanitarian disaster that has already seen children, especially those under the age of 5, dying of malnutrition, hunger and starvation.
The U.S. has given more than $321 million since last year to help those in the Lake Chad Basin, including more than $175 million in emergency food aid.
"Our assistance to this area is critical for promoting stability," said Matt Nims of the U.S. Agency for International Development, speaking at a House subcommittee hearing earlier this month.
'The military can't do it by itself'
U.S. special operations troops don't typically deploy in large numbers to help African security forces work together and fight Boko Haram, but local officials say they're useful in serving as the glue that helps everything stick together. For Flintlock 2017, forces from 27 countries took part at seven training sites across west and central Africa.
"Chad, Cameroon, Nigeria, Niger – unfortunately, the entire region, we are facing the same reality," said Cameroonian police commander Gilbert Nagassou, in charge of the border post at Kousseri, just across the river separating Chad and Cameroon. "That's why we must join forces and together confront terrorism."
When it comes to fighting Boko Haram's threats to the Lake Chad Basin, "The military can't do it by itself," Bolduc told NPR in Ndjamena, Chad's capital. "Regionalize all the efforts, work closely together in an effective military construct ... and then bring in the police, the civil administration, religious leaders and include anybody working to bring the stability necessary to the local villages."
A U.S. special forces commander involved in Flintlock, who asked that their name be withheld for security reasons, says the challenges shouldn't be underestimated.
"We have a regional issue of Boko Haram, [which] easily exploits the seams between international boundaries – especially when you have something like a river way that separates two nations," they say. "And they currently use islands in this pretty broad [Chari and Logone] river to hide out in. It's an easy area to have ungoverned and hard to police and patrol."
Members of U.S. military and, for the first time, law enforcement agencies are working with African security forces to enhance their techniques, said Billy Alfano, a special agent with the State Department's law enforcement arm, the Bureau of Diplomatic Security. "Interoperability" – groups and forces working well together — is the current buzzword.
"It's critical for our African partner nations to work together and more and more important for police to collaborate with the military, to conduct joint investigations and to truly counter the terrorism threat in the region, with law enforcement in those communities," Alfano said.
Law enforcement agents are often first responders after an attack, they explained, so training them in forensics and skills like fingerprinting also helps "attack the terrorist network."
Alfano said this year's more broadly focused exercises reflected an emphasis on governance and rule of law, "making a transition from a military-controlled area to training the police to more effectively take over when the military has moved on."
And there was what they called "a mass migration training," to teach rural communities how to respond to potential terrorists who may cross porous borders where large numbers of people are already traveling.
Cross-border cooperation
During Flintlock, training scenarios involved agents from across the region simulating the aftermath of a terrorist bombing, as well as chasing and apprehending hostage-taking terrorist suspects.
"Terrorism knows no boundaries or borders," warned Nagassou, the Cameroonian police commander. Deadly Boko Haram bomb blasts and suicide bombing raids have targeted all four countries battling the terrorist network, they said.
"Boko Haram has pledged allegiance to Islamic State," they said, "so geographic frontiers mean nothing to this group or other terrorist networks and their regional allies. Borders are simply a joke to them — they have connections and communications."
Terrorists, they said, easily slip across.
"If there's intelligence from Nigeria and it's relayed to Chad, then Cameroon must also be made aware," said Nagassou. "And Niger also needs to be informed, so that together we can nip Boko Haram's nefarious plans in the bud and stop them attacking our people."
Battle-hardened Chadian special forces are already familiar with this problem. For the past few years, they've been taking on Boko Haram extremists since violence spread across the border from northeastern Nigeria. They also were a critical force that helped end the occupation of northern Mali by al-Qaida-linked extremist fighters in 2013.
"Chadian military history has demonstrated our experience and know-how. It's not today that the Chadian army is learning how to capture and destroy the enemy. Chadian forces are used to pursue Boko Haram," said Lt. Col. Brahim Mahamat Dahab, Chad's chief of staff for the Flintlock 2017 exercises.
They say the river scenario assault force exercise shows that Chad is capable of working with Americans, Italians "and the military from any given country, as well as our neighbors, reinforcing capacity. That's what we want to demonstrate. We need to share that knowledge with others who are also fighting Boko Haram," Brahim told NPR passionately.
Back on the banks of the Chari-Logone river in the Chadian capital, the assault force exercise ends and the Boko Haram leader is captured. Amid a hail of protective gunfire, the special operations forces head back down toward the boats speed off down the river. Mission accomplished.
For this raid, a textbook success: the same way they hope a real-life operation would end. With the exercise over, the group whoops with satisfaction and relief.
WWE Network
WrestleMania 33 is still a few months away. April 2 will cap off a massive WrestleMania week in Orlando, and even though we're still pretty far out, WWE is said to have at least three matches locked in for the biggest show of the year. But they might have locked down more than that, as a new report indicates WWE has decided on a host city for 2018's WrestleMania 34.
Ryan Satin at Pro Wrestling Sheet reports that “multiple sources with direct knowledge” have stated WrestleMania will return to New Orleans in 2018. The Superdome (or Silverdome, if you're Hulk Hogan) was host to WrestleMania XXX, the site of Daniel Bryan's greatest triumph and one of the best top-to-bottom WrestleMania cards of all time.
Pro Wrestling Sheet claims that an official announcement will be forthcoming, and that the Jan. 9 Raw in New Orleans would be a likely place and time to make that announcement. But as with all pro wrestling rumors and reports, please take that with a grain of salt. After all, we all thought Minnesota was locked in to host this year's event … until it wasn't. If the Big Easy hosts Mania for the second time in five years, that's a big feather in their cap. Maybe WWE just likes cities with drive-through daiquiri places.
Breed: Yorkshire terrier mix
Age: 5 years
Gender: Neutered male
Size: 9 pounds
Gregory's story:Gregory was turned in at a local shelter because of landlord issues. They were released to rescue because they were severely underweight and needs to gain two or three pounds to meet their ideal weight of 11-12 pounds.  They are learning how to walk well on a leash, becoming socialized and learning all about house-training. This doll baby is a pure lap dog. They get along with every friend they meet, two- and four-legged. Meet Gregory and you will fall in love. Gregoryis up to date on vaccinations, microchipped and crate-trained at night.
Adoption procedure: Submit an adoption application to Ken-Mar Rescue at KenMarRescue.org.
President Donald Trump called Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan to congratulate them on their controversial referendum victory, the Turkish Presidential Palace confirmed to ABC News on Monday.
In a readout of the call released Monday evening, the White House confirmed that the call took place and that Trump had congratulated their Turkish counterpart.
The Turkish referendum is due to eliminate the prime minister's office and give the country's president sweeping powers and nearly complete control of the government -- authority not originally granted under the country's constitution. The main opposition party has urged the Turkey's electoral board to cancel the results citing substantial voting irregularities.
Erdoğan and proponents of the move claim the consolidation will cut down on governmental instability and streamline operations.
At the White House Monday, Press Secretary Sean Spicer said that the administration intended to "wait and let [the international commission reviewing the vote] do their job," when asked if Trump was "concerned" about the results.
Spicer deflected follow-up questions about Erdoğan's accumulation of power, saying that the people of Turkey "have a right to have elections and their people participated in that."
The Associated Press reported that the Turkey's National Security Council recommended an extension to the ongoing state of emergency "to ensure the continuity of precautions to protect the principle of the state of law and the rights and freedoms of our citizens."
The state of emergency, which was initiated after last year's failed coup attempt against Erdoğan, was to expire April 19.
Helmed by two test pilots, Virgin Galactic's SpaceShipTwo rocket plane set new altitude and speed records for the company's test program Tuesday during a powered flight over California's Mojave Desert.
Tuesday's test flight moved Virgin Galactic closer to eventually flying paying passengers to the edge of space on short, suborbital trips after multiple delays in the privately-funded program, including a 2014 accident that killed a test pilot, injured another, and destroyed the company's first SpaceShipTwo vehicle.
Carried aloft under a carrier jet named VMS Eve from the Mojave Air and Spaceport in Mojave, California, the VSS Unity SpaceShipTwo vehicle was dropped from its mothership and ignited its hybrid rocket motor around 12:43 p.m. EDT (1643 GMT; 9:43 a.m. EDT).
Burning a mixture of rubber-based solid fuel — called HTPB — and nitrous oxide, VSS Unity fired its rocket motor for 31 seconds as pilots Dave Mackay and Mark “Forger” Stucky steered the craft on a steep climb. The rocket plane reached a maximum speed of Mach 1.9 and a peak altitude of around 114,500 feet (34,900 meters) on Tuesday's flight, according to Virgin Galactic.
Mackay and Stucky guided VSS Unity back to Earth, activating a “feathering” mechanism to raise its twin tail boom, helping orient and slow the craft during descent. The pilots then reconfigured the vehicle for landing, deployed its landing gear, then touched down on a runway at the Mojave Air and Spaceport to complete Tuesday's flight.
The powered test flight Tuesday was the second for VSS Unity after an April 5 test that took the vehicle to a top speed of Mach 1.87 and an altitude of 84,271 feet (about 25,700 meters).
Engineers intended for Tuesday's test flight to improve their understanding of the craft's supersonic handling characteristics and control system performance with VSS Unity flying in a configuration that was closer to the layout to be used on commercial passenger flights, Virgin Galactic said in a statement.
Ground crews added passenger seats and related equipment for VSS Unity's second powered test flight, shifting the vehicle's center of gravity rearward, the company said.
On a typical commercial flight, two pilots will command SpaceShipTwo, with six passengers seated behind them.
In an interview with CNBC after Tuesday's flight, Virgin Galactic founder Richard Branson said around two or three more SpaceShipTwo test flights are planned before the vehicle reaches space for the first time.
“It was great to see our beautiful spaceship back in the air and to share the moment with the talented team who are taking us, step by step, to space” Branson said in a statement. “Seeing Unity soar upwards at supersonic speeds is inspiring and absolutely breathtaking. We are getting ever closer to realizing our goals. Congratulations to the whole team!”
Branson viewed Tuesday's flight at Mojave, and they plan to be among the first to ride SpaceShipTwo when commercial operations commence.
Virgin Galactic is facing stiff competition from Blue Origin, backed by Amazon billionaire Jeff Bezos, to be the first company to launch a commercial space tourism business. Unlike Virgin Galactic's SpaceShipTwo rocket plane, Blue Origin's reusable New Shepard rocket takes off from a launch pad and carries a crew capsule, which descends back to Earth under parachutes.
While Virgin Galactic says hundreds of people have signed up for rides on SpaceShipTwo, Blue Origin has not started selling tickets for its space tourism vehicle, or revealed the price for a seat.
Email the author.
Follow Stephen Clark on Twitter: @StephenClark1.
Getty Image
Devin Nunes has become the center of the beltway now that the House Intelligence Committee chair's memo has been released. While many have concluded that the memo isn't as explosive as some figures in—and connected to— the Republican party want to claim it is, it's been a real boon for Andrew Janz, the frontrunner for the Democratic nomination in Nunes's California district.
In 2016, Nunes won 68% of the vote—President Trump won by nine points— in California's 22nd district which covers parts of Fresno and Tulare Counties. However, all indications point to Nunes being vulnerable in November's mid-term elections. Earlier this month, the former prosecutor Janz received polling data that showed a generic Democrat only trailing Nunes by five points and said independents were moving away from Nunes.
Janz has capitalized on Nunes' memo fiasco by raising a $100,000 on Friday alone.
Some news: Devin Nunes' Democratic opponent, @JanzforCongress, raised over $100,000 today alone with news of the memo release, per a senior campaign aide. — Natasha Bertrand (@NatashaBertrand) February 2, 2018
Echoing the words of Nunes' hometown paper which referred to the Congressman as “Trump's stooge” in an editorial in January, Janz has released an attack ad that turns Nunes' memo into a full-on campaign issue.
With your help I'm going to beat Devin Nunes in November. Unless Mueller gets to them first. #removenunes pic.twitter.com/RL1h2S8Wxf — Andrew Janz (@JanzforCongress) February 2, 2018
“With your help I'm going to beat Devin Nunes in November. Unless Mueller gets to them first, Janz wrote on Twitter while including the hashtag #removenunes. The ad features cable news anchors, including Fox News' Shep Smith, claiming Nunes is nothing more than Trump's water-carrier and potentially compromised by Russia.
It's an explosive ad in what has quickly become a must-watch Congressional race.
(Via Mother Jones and New York Mag)
A quick-thinking security guard has been officially commended by Sunderland AFC for saving the life of a pensioner who collapsed at the Stadium of Light last week.
Steadfast Group security officer Billy Long was on duty at a ‘Play on the Pitch' event for businesses when they were alerted that a 94-year-old spectator had collapsed.
The commendation given to Billy Long.
The pensioner is believed to have suffered a heart attack and it might have proven fatal but Billy showed both their professionalism and their skills training in applying first aid and using a defibrillator as they came to the rescue.
The man's grandson, who had actually been refereeing the game, helped complete the resuscitation giving mouth-to-mouth as Billy continued to offer support.
The security guard has now been officially recognised by the football club with a citation which reads: “You responded to this incident immediately and used first-aid skills to resuscitate the spectator concerned.
“Your actions, which were carried out with friends and family present, demonstrated exceptional levels of professionalism and courage and as such, you are hereby commended by Sunderland Association Football Club.”
Billy, 65, of Hylton Castle in Sunderland, said: “I was ensuring the Bob Murray Gates would be opened for the ambulance when I was made aware the man would need a defibrillator.
“I thought we might have lost them but between everyone else who helped, we managed to revive him.”
It is understood the man is now in a critical but stable position in hospital and is conscious.
Steadfast security director Paul Harbord said: “Billy is a very experienced security guard and someone adept at handling any challenges that come theirs way.
“We're proud but not surprised by how professionally they responded in such a pressure situation.
“The calibre of our security staff is very important to us a company and it really comes to the fore in rare moments like this.”
FILE- In this Aug. 3, 2017, file photo, Scott Phillips, left, looks on as their wife Theresa Mullen, center, talk to their attorney Susan Brandt McCrea during the trial in Newark, N.J. The parents of Sydney Phillips and their younger sister, Kaitlyn are seeking a court order to allow the girls to return to their Catholic school in Kenilworth after a dispute over one of them wanting to play on the boys basketball team. A judge on Monday, Aug. 14, refused to overturn a decision to banish the two sisters from their Roman Catholic school after a dispute over one of them wanting to play on the boys basketball team. (Aristide Economopoulos/NJ Advance Media via AP, Pool)
NEWARK, N.J. (AP) — A judge in New Jersey has refused to overturn a Roman Catholic school's decision to deny re-enrollment to two sisters after a dispute over one of them wanting to play on the boys basketball team.
"The court does not have the authority to meddle in this decision," Superior Court Judge Donald Kessler said in their ruling on Monday.
Kessler lashed out at the girls' parents for making the dispute public, and said the family did not cite any law that would have allowed the court to interfere with the religious school's decision.
Cardinal Joseph Tobin testified that they decided not to allow 13-year-old Sydney Phillips and their younger sister, Kaitlyn, to re-enroll because their parents' behavior was not in the best interest of St. Theresa School in Kenilworth.
The dispute began when Sydney Phillips was not allowed to play on the boys basketball team.
When asked about the decision, the girls' father, Scott Phillips, said they disagreed with the judge.
"It's a sad day to be a Catholic," Phillips told NJ.com. "I disagree with what they (Kessler) said. I disagree with the way they characterized it."
The father's lawyer said they have not decided if they will appeal.
The archdiocese issued a statement to NJ.com after the ruling saying it was grateful for the decision, but added that church officials wish "no ill will" for the family.
"It is our hope that the parents will learn from this experience as they seek alternative venues for their children's education," church officials said.
MORGANTOWN, W.Va. -- No. 15 West Virginia has gone from being sick of losing to simply being sick.
Coach Bob Huggins said five players are dealing with the flu, some requiring hospital visits, and the Mountaineers are undermanned as they prepare for Saturday's Big 12 home game against Kansas State.
The teams own identical records of 16-6 overall and 5-4 in the conference, though they've taken dramatically different trajectories of late. West Virginia has dropped five of its last six games and Kansas State has won four of five.
When the teams last met on New Year's Day in Manhattan, Kan., the Mountaineers prevailed 77-69.
Pulling off the sweep looks difficult for West Virginia as nearly half of the rotation copes with illness. Senior guard Daxter Miles, who has started 112 career games but was too sick to travel to Iowa State on Wednesday, seems to be experiencing the worst of it.
"I'm just worried about having enough guys to play," Huggins said. "I don't think we've ever had this many guys sick at one time.
"Hopefully, some of them get better. Everyday it's seemingly a new guy."
The 93-77 loss in Ames was so error-filled that Huggins said a planned 20-minute film review stretched beyond an hour and coaches still were only able to get through the game's first seven minutes.
"It was awful," Huggins said.
Bruce Weber's film sessions have been rosier, though Kansas State's four-game winning streak ended with a 70-56 loss to Big 12 frontrunner Kansas on Monday.
That stretch helped the Wildcats resurface in NCAA bracket projections. Sporting a 66 RPI and rated 42nd by KenPom, Kansas State hopes to get more breathing room after last season's team received one of the final at-large bids.
"We've got to finish the job and have a good run in the second part of the Big 12," Weber said. "It's up to us. I think we're good enough. We've beaten some good teams and now we've got an opportunity to beat some other good teams and leave no question."
The Dallas Stars and Vegas Golden Knights line up for a moment of silence for shooting victims in Las Vegas before an NHL hockey game in Dallas, Friday, Oct. 6, 2017. (AP Photo/LM Otero)
DALLAS (AP) — The Dallas Stars formed a line next to players from the Vegas Golden Knights to honor victims of last weekend's mass shooting before the debut of the first major pro sports franchise in Las Vegas.
After Dallas introductions marking the 25th season since the NHL came to Texas, the Stars players skated from their blue line to the Vegas blue line so that both sets of players were together for pregame remembrances Friday night.
The Stars first honored a staff member who died in a car wreck during the offseason before paying tribute to play-by-play announcer Dave Strader, who died of bile duct cancer at 62 the same day of the Vegas shooting that killed 58 people.
There was were brief moments of silence for each, and the video board read "Viva Las Vegas" as the public address announcer said, "Dallas stands with Vegas and those affected by the horrifying tragedy."
___
More AP NHL: https://apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey
LANSING, Mich. (AP) — A high-ranking Michigan State University official involved in the board of trustees' plan said Tuesday that former Gov. John Engler will be named interim president.
The official told The Associated Press that the board will vote to hire Engler on Wednesday amid the fallout over sexual assaults committed by former school sports doctor Larry Nassar. The official spoke on the condition of anonymity because the decision had not been publicly announced.
President Lou Anna Simon resigned last week, and the board named Bill Beekman as acting president.
Engler, a Michigan State graduate, served as Michigan's Republican governor from 1990 through 2002. They will lead the school as it confronts civil lawsuits filed by more than 100 women and girls, and investigations by the state attorney general, the NCAA and Congress.
Nassar was sentenced to 40 to 175 years in prison last week at the end of an extraordinary seven-day hearing at which more than 150 women and girls said they had molested them under the guise of medical treatment. Nassar worked for Michigan State and USA Gymnastics, treating numerous athletes including some Olympians. Victims blamed Michigan State, USA Gymnastics and the U.S. Olympic Committee for not doing earlier to stop him.
Reacting to several media reports that Engler will be named to the post, State House Speaker Tom Leonard, a DeWitt Republican, said in a statement that the former governor is the "right choice."
"He is a strong leader with a proven track record of reform, and the school needs someone who is able to come in from the outside, stand up to the status quo and make immediate changes," they said in a statement. "I look forward to working with the interim president on new reforms that will better protect women, the students at MSU and the local community."
WILLIAMS, Ariz. (AP) — Two orphaned bear cubs have been placed in the care of a wildlife rescue park near the Grand Canyon after their mother was euthanized.
The wildlife park Bearizona in Williams said Wednesday the 4-month-old black bears were rescued from a treetop in Arizona's White Mountains. The cubs were so small a climber was able to lower them to safety in a backpack.
The park says the Arizona Game and Fish Department was forced to euthanize the cubs' mother after twice removing them from a residential area in the town of Pinetop-Lakeside.
Bearizona says the animal had been drawn to the neighborhood after a woman there began feeding it daily. A day after the bear was put down, authorities reportedly learned it was the mother of the two cubs.
Chino Hills High School is no longer the nationally-ranked winning machine it once was when Lonzo Ball, LiAngelo Ball and LaMelo Ball were running the show. But life for the Huskies—who already have as many losses this season (three) as they did during their last two years combined with LaVar Ball's kids on the team—isn't all bad.
“This year the ball gets moved around more and everyone gets touches now,” Onyeka Okongwu, a 6-foot-9 center in their third season as a starter at Chino Hills, told USA Today High School Sports' Jason Jordan. “I'm getting the ball more than I have in the past. There are pluses and minuses to it. I'm just not used to losing this much, this early.”
That's to be expected for a squad that lost Gelo, who led the state of California in scoring as a senior (33.8 points per game), and Melo, who averaged 26.7 points as a sophomore.
The Ball family hasn't been scrubbed entirely from the school's roster. Andre Ball, a high-flying senior forward, is a cousin to LaVar's kids and one of the Huskies' main remaining stars, along with Okongwu. Gelo and Melo were recently spotted scoping out Andre in Chino Hill's first defeat of the 2017-18 season.
Melo's imprint on this year's team remains. Phaquan Davis, who runs the point for first-year coach Dennis Latimore now that LaMelo Ball, says they learned all about mental toughness from watching LaVar's youngest boy thrive in the spotlight.
“He never got rattled out there,” Davis said. “Even with all the attention and stuff on him, they kept their head. He's my brother so I learned a lot from him, but I was always prepared for a moment like this. I think we're gonna be fine. We don't have the Balls, but we're still strong.”
Maybe not strong enough to win their league, let alone compete for a state title. But in a world where the Big Baller Brand CEO no longer casts a long shadow (and an even longer word) over the program, that step down in performance might not be all bad.
Sign up Like this article? Sign up for the Lonzo Wire email newsletter to get our top stories in your inbox every morning Success Thanks for signing up.
You'll be waking up a little more awesome tomorrow. Whoa! Something went wrong. Try again?
“We're okay,” Okongwu said.
“People think that because we don't have any Ball brothers that we're not good,” Davis added. “But we're a really good team. Things are just different now.”
By EMERY P. DALESIO
AP Business Writer
RALEIGH, N.C. (AP) - Jurors in North Carolina are getting a round-up of testimony in a lawsuit filed by more than 500 neighbors of an industrial-scale swine operation.
The plaintiffs contend that open-air cesspools inflict them with intense, putrid smells that can't be removed from clothing or household fabrics for years.
Lawyers for Virginia-based Smithfield Foods maintain that the smells, traffic and noise don't hurt the neighbors' ability to enjoy their own property.
The jury has heard three weeks of testimony. This is the first of a series of test cases against the low-cost, high-volume methods of hog-production division used by the Chinese-owned company.
Lawyers for the neighbors say alternative methods don't cause such a nuisance, but the company uses open-air cesspools because they're cheap.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
NEW YORK (CBSNewYork) — A person of interest is in custody in connection with an attack on a Bronx bodega worker late last month, according to the NYPD.
Surveillance video showed two men throwing avocados and bananas at two workers behind the counter at the Stadium Gourmet Deli on 161st Street in the Concourse section on May 29.
Video shows the workers cower and shield their faces as one suspect grabs from a pile of unripe avocados and start pelting them with the produce.
One worker, Amir Alzabibi, was hit so hard it broke their jaw and fractured their face, CBS2's Ali Bauman reported.
“Throws it at their eyes, the guy they needed surgery in their eyes,” the store's owner, Hany Girgis, said.
Video shows the suspect grab more produce as their accomplice joins the attack. The suspect tries climbing over the counter and throws bananas at the workers while the second man makes a mess of the shelves.
The store owner said it all started when the suspect ordered food. They said the deli clerk doesn't speak English and the customer became angry when the cashier tried to translate.
“The customer tell them you lie,” Girgis said. “I'm trying to help you, take your order, because it's busy, they say just stay here, it's not your business, something like that, they started cursing each other.”
The owner said dealing with aggressive overnight customers comes with the job but this was worse than he's ever seen.
“Yea, this is not normal,” Girgis said.
Police said the suspects got away in a dark-colored sedan.
The victim had only been working at the deli for two weeks but this was something they could never have prepared for, Bauman reported. They have not returned to work, but they are home from the hospital and recovering.
Knesset Israel Victory Caucus discusses '25 Years Since Oslo: Time for New Thinking'.
The Israel Victory Caucus held a special discussion entitled 25 Years Since Oslo: Time for New Thinking, led by MKs Oded Forer (Yisrael Beytenu), Avraham Neguise (Likud), and Elazar Stern (Yesh Atid).
Middle East Forum Director Greg Roman participated in the conference, and spoke to Arutz Sheva about the conference's aims and their organization's mission to bring "a new paradigm for peacemaking to the Middle East".
State Bank of India has announced the recruitment of 9000 clerks and junior associates (Customer Support and Sales). The online application had been started from January 20, 2018, and will last up to 10 February 2018. Interested candidates who have not applied for the post, can apply as early as possible because only 7 days are left for the application.
Candidates who are interested in a banking job, this could be a golden opportunity for them
On 30th January 2018, State Bank of India announced the recruitment of clerks and junior associates (Customer Support and Sales). India's largest bank came up with the 9000 job opportunities. This will be the year's biggest recruitment and aspirants can get the online application forms at the official website of the State Bank recruitment bank, www.onlinesbi.com. Candidates who are interested in a banking job, this could be a golden opportunity for them. SBI Clerk recruitment 2018 online registration had already been started from January 20, 2018, and will continue up to 10 February 2018. The interested candidates who have not applied for the respective post can apply as early as possible because only 7 days are left for the application.
Registration Process for SBI Clerk recruitment 2018:
The online registration of application and payment of fees for SBI clerk recruitment will start from January 20, 2018. The last date to apply is February 10, 2018. The SBI clerk preliminary examination is likely to be conducted in the month of March or April 2018. The SBI Clerk main examination will be conducted tentatively on May 12, 2018.
The selection process for SBI Clerk recruitment 2018:
Candidates will be selected based on Preliminary and Main examination. Local language test will be conducted for the applicants who have not studied local language in the 10th or 12th standard. Applicants should remit Rs. 600 towards application fee. The candidates belonging to reserved category have to pay only Rs. 100.
If you are applying for SBI bank job, do keep these important dates in mind:
SBI clerk recruitment application starts on January 20, 2018
SBI clerk recruitment application the last date is February 10, 2018
Call letter for preliminary exams (tentative) March 1, 2018
SBI clerk recruitment prelims exam (tentative) March/April 2018
Call letter for main exams releases (tentative) April 26, 2018
SBI clerk recruitment main exam (tentative) May 12, 2018
SBI Clerk recruitment 2018 online application process:
Click on new registration button provided on the top most right corner of the home page of the link provided above to start your registration process for SBI Clerk 2018 Exam.
Start your application process for SBI Clerk 2018 by providing your basic details such as name, contact number, email id, address etc. and click on save and next button.
Upload your photograph and signature in the required format as provided by State Bank of India. The permissible size of the photograph must be 4.5 cm * 3.5 cm and the photograph must be of passport size with white background. Both the photograph and the signature must be clear and legible. The permissible file size of a photograph must be of minimum 20 kb and of maximum 50 kb and that of the signature must be of minimum 10 kb and of maximum 20 KB.
Fill in your academic details and professional qualification in this step of your online application process for SBI Clerk 2018 Exam. Click on save and next button after filling in the details.
Preview your application form one last time as you won't be allowed to make any changes further in the application form. Click on save and next button after previewing your application form.
Pay your application fee through online payment option, i.e. through Credit card/Debit card/net banking for SBI Clerk 2018 Exam.
Click on Submit Button. Your application form will be submitted successfully. You will be sent an email with your registration ID and password by SBI for further login into the official website.
Pre-Requisites of SBI Clerk 2018 recruitment Online Application:
Before applying for SBI Clerk 2018, a candidate must have the following pre-requisites to avoid any last time glitched in the online application process:
A tractor driver was today (Wednesday) warned they face jail after admitting a dangerous driving charge when they appeared before Lincoln Crown Court.
David Tulett, 25, of Elmtree Road, Ruskington, pleaded guilty to causing serious injury to Sandra Watt by driving a tractor and trailer dangerously on the B1192 Main Road at Langrick. The incident occurred on August 23 last year.
Judge John Pini QC imposed an interim driving ban and adjourned sentence until July 14.
The judge granted unconditional bail to Tulett and requested a probation report but told Tulett: “My view at the moment is that this merits a short custodial sentence. The defendant must have no illusions.
“A report may well not make any difference to the sentence.”
CANBERRA, Australia (AP) — Sri Lanka's prime minister says that Sri Lankan asylum seekers held on Pacific island camps who could potentially settle in the United States are free to return home without fear of persecution.
Prime Minister Ranil Wickremesinghe made the comments on Wednesday during a visit to Australia in which they discussed bilateral cooperation on combating people smuggling. No Sri Lankan asylum seeker has reached Australia by boat since 2013.
But Sri Lankans, Iranians and Afghans are the largest national groups among more than 2,000 asylum seekers who are kept at Australia's expense on the Pacific islands nations of Nauru and Papua New Guinea.
Australia refuses to resettle any of them and President Donald Trump has agreed to honor an Obama administration deal to resettle up to 1,250 of them.
Behind the scenes at the 2018 production of the Best of the Class. Top graduating seniors were recognized by WAFB Channel 9 for their high academic accomplishments.
Copyright WAFB 2018. All rights reserved.
New York (AP) — Cotton No. 2 Futures on the IntercontinentalExchange (ICE) Tuesday:
(50,000 lbs.; cents per lb.)
BRUSSELS (AP) — The European Union Commission and most of the major parliamentary groups are making a final push to approve a landmark trade deal with Canada ahead of a decisive vote in the EU's legislature.
At the same time, hundreds of protesters were already outside the parliament building in Strasbourg, France, arguing that instead of growth and jobs, such a deal will bring an erosion of environmental, labor and consumer standards.
Ahead of the noon vote, EU trade Chief Cecilia Malmstrom tried to assuage concerns that the deal uniting some 500 million Europeans with 35 million Canadians would cut into the independence of EU decision-making. They said it "will not change food safety standards or any other EU requirements, only the EU institutions can do that."
Promising Sunderland striker Joel Asoro has won praise from manager David Moyes following their European Golden Boy nomination.
The 17-year-old burst onto the scene at the start of the season following an impressive pre-season and has performed consistently for the Under-23 side this season.
Asoro has stiff competition to win the award, though, with Manchester United's Marcus Rashford, Manchester City's Gabriel Jesus and Everton's Tom Davies also in the running.
Moyes said: "Joel has got potential and they are very young.
"He is 18 this week and they are someone who we introduced into the first-team set-up during pre-season because of numbers but they made a big impact.
"Like all young players their development can be up and down.
"There have been parts of this season when they have been good and bits of the season when they have dipped.
"But with their age they are doing really well and their development is coming on nicely and we hope we can continue that."
Conducted by Italian publication Tuttosport, the winner is voted for by journalists across Europe
Previous winners include Paul Pogba and five-time Fifa Ballon D'or winner Lionel Messi.
For the latest Sunderland AFC news like our SAFC Facebook page here:
Meanwhile, Southampton striker Sam Gallagher, currently on loan at Championship side Blackburn Rovers, remains a summer transfer target for the Black Cats.
Sunderland have scouted the 21-year-old striker on several occasions this season, with Moyes understood to have watched them in action for Blackburn against Bristol City at Ewood Park on Easter Monday.
Gallagher has scored 11 goals in all competitions this season.
As well as playing as a striker, 6ft 4ins Gallagher is also comfortable playing either side of the main striker.
For the latest Sunderland AFC news like our SAFC Facebook page here:
And finally, Sunderland's relegation rivals Middlesbrough host Arsenal at the Riverside Stadium tonight (KO 8pm).
Boro are a place and three points above Sunderland, who are nine points adrift of safety, in the table ahead of the clash with the Gunners.
Steve Agnew's side are Sunderland's next opponents, with the Black Cats travelling to Teesside a week on Wednesday for a huge game at the foot of the Premier League.
THESSALONIKI, Greece (AP) — Israel's president and Greece's prime minister have attended a foundation ceremony for a holocaust museum in the Greek city of Thessaloniki, which lost 97 percent of its Jewish community in German World War II death camps.
Reuven Rivlin and Alexis Tsipras symbolically planted two olive trees on the plot.
The scheduled six-story building will be built by 2020, next to the northern city's old railway station, from which some 55,000 Thessaloniki Jews were forced into goods wagons for the camps. About 50,000 died there.
Tsipras said Tuesday the museum will fulfill an old debt for the city, some 40 percent of whose pre-war population was Jewish.
Overall, some 90 percent of Greece's Jewish population was murdered by Nazi forces during the war.
Photo: Getty
In an interview with Playboy, the newly-single Scarlett Johansson shared some thoughts about monogamy, relationships and whether or not it's “natural” to want to be with the same person forever and ever.
Advertisement
In the interview, they make a lot of pretty good points against the institution of marriage. Even more interesting is the timing. Us Weekly speculates that the interview was likely conducted before their split from Romain Dauriac. Even if that happens to be the case, none of the stuff she's saying is particularly invalid.
“Well, with every gain there's a loss, right? So that's a loss. You have to choose a path. I think the idea of marriage is very romantic; it's a beautiful idea, and the practice of it can be a very beautiful thing. I don't think it's natural to be a monogamous person. I might be skewered for that, but I think it's work. It's a lot of work.”
It's entirely possible to have these feelings about monogamy and stay married, but after reading the rest of what they had to say, I feel like ScarJo is probably much happier unattached — or at the very least, not married.
Advertisement
“Being married is different than not being married, and anybody who tells you that it's the same is lying. It changes things. I have friends who were together for 10 years and then decided to get married, and I'll ask them on their wedding day or right after if it's different, and it always is. It is.”
“The fact that it is such work for so many people—for everyone — the fact of that proves that it is not a natural thing,” they said of marriage. For whatever it's worth, they and their ex are putting up a nice front.
[Us Weekly]
Oh no, someone robbed Alanis Morissette and stole $2 million worth of jewelry from their Brentwood home.
Advertisement
Sponsored
According to People, the thieves absconded with “a safe containing approximately $2 million worth of jewelry and other items or property.” Morrissette wasn't home at the time, so at least there's that. There's also this: TMZ spoke to some “law enforcement sources” who reportedly said that celebrity Instagram accounts are essentially handbooks for criminals —the very same argument made by authorities regarding Kim Kardashian's robbery, too.
A brief dive into Alanis's Insta revealed this, which was perhaps the catalyst for the robbery?
Further perusal of their ‘gram reveals a deep love of kilim rugs, juices and a variety of oils. Very soothing, highly recommended.
Advertisement
[People]
I don't know what this cat looks like, but I don't think it's Ross Geller.
[People]
No, Amanda Bynes Is Not Engaged or Pregnant
Amanda Bynes wants to make two things crystal clear.
On Tuesday, the actor took to Twitter to shoot down claims they are engaged and pregnant.
“I am not getting married and I am not pregnant,” Bynes, 30, tweeted in response to a fake Twitter account that posted an image of a woman (who looks like Bynes) getting an ultrasound.
“I have asked repeatedly. This person continues to impersonate and harass me and Twitter needs to take the account down,” the former child star continued.
I am not @persianla27. I am not getting married and I am not pregnant. I don't understand why Twitter won't take @persianla27 down. — amanda bynes (@amandabynes) February 14, 2017
I have asked repeatedly. This person continues to impersonate and harass me and Twitter needs to take the account down. — amanda bynes (@amandabynes) February 14, 2017
Bynes' last tweets were in August 2016 when they reprimanded the same fake account and urged Twitter to delete it.
That same month, they surprised their 3.3 million fans and followers when they took to Twitter to share updates on their life post-Hollywood. “I've been really busy at FIDM, and I just finished my midterms,” Bynes wrote at the time.
These past two years, they have shifted their focus from acting to their budding fashion career. After a turbulent few years, Bynes has rarely made public appearances but was photographed for the first time in months in December.
WITH local commercial Sulphate of Potash (SoP) fertiliser production predicted within 16 months, companies leading a race to be first to produce it are scrambling to sign up potential export customers. One of five WA companies in a race to be first to produce SoP from remote salt lake brine, Kalium Lakes Ltd (KLL), advised the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX) last week it had turned its marketing attention to China, the world's biggest producer and user of SoP fertiliser. KLL announced it had signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) with Yunnan Jingyifeng Supply Chain Management Co Ltd (JYF) for sale of SoP produced at its Beyondie project on a chain of salt lakes 160 kilometres south-east of Newman in the Little Sandy Desert. Under the non-binding MoU, JYF will consider buying between 50,000 and 80,000 tonnes per annum of SoP from the Beyondie project's annual production. It will market the WA SoP to its customers in Yunnan Province and neighbouring Guizhou and Sichuan provinces in south-west China. According to KLL, JYF is a major marketer of solid and liquid fertilisers in south-west China with international and domestic trading, supply chain management and transport experience in vegetable oils, UAN liquid fertilisers, urea, ammonia nitrate, sulphur, sulphuric acid and phosphoric acid. In June KLL announced a similar non-binding take-off agreement with Hamburg, Germany-based global bulk and containerised commodity and specialty fertiliser marketing and distribution giant, Wittraco Düngmittel GmbH. Under that deal KLL proposes to sell 20 per cent of the Beyondie project's annual SoP output to Wittraco during the first five years of commercial production. KLL hopes to eventually convert both MoUs to binding supply contracts. Managing director Brett Hazelden said signing of a second Beyondie project MoU was “another indicator that international demand for SoP remains strong”. They said it also highlighted the increasing level of overseas interest in the Beyondie project.
“Both companies (KLL and JYF) are looking to establish a long-term relationship that will provide a degree of certainty, in terms of production and supply,” Mr Hazeldean said. “We also remain focussed on supplying SoP to the Australian market and supporting our local agricultural industry.” As previously reported in Farm Weekly, the global SoP market is estimated at seven million tonnes per annum with annual growth of 5 per cent and only three other countries produce volume SoP from brine - China, United States of America and Chile. Australian agriculture uses 30,000-40,000t of imported SoP annually which sells for about $950/t. Companies racing to produce it from WA salt lake brine hope to do so for about one third that price. The Beyondie project's exploration and miscellaneous licences cover about 2400 square kilometres of salt lakes and desert. KLL has already produced potassium salts at its large-scale pilot system of lined, gravity flow, solar evaporation concentrator and harvest ponds constructed off the salt lakes surface near its base camp. Sub-surface high-potassium brine is pumped from a bore field out on the salt lakes into the first of the concentrator ponds. The company already has an MoU in place with Mid West Ports so granular SoP fertiliser can be exported via Geraldton. Last Friday KLL said it has received a total of $1,881,570 in research and development tax offsets for the 2016-17 income year for approved activities in WA and overseas in relation to the Beyondie project. “Accessing the R&D Tax Incentive program is an important factor which supports the future development of the company and the resources industry,” Mr Hazelden said. “At a time when 100pc of this product (SoP) is imported into this country, we remain absolutely focussed on achieving our goal of becoming the first potash producing project in Australia. KLL's closest rival, Australian Potash Company (APC), last week deferred for five days the eligibility date for shareholders able to take up a one-for-three “loyalty” options issue at a cent per option.
Tyson Fury's much-delayed UK Anti-Doping hearing resumed in London on Monday, although a verdict is not expected until the new year.
Morecambe's 29-year-old former heavyweight champion and their cousin and fellow fighter Hughie, 23, tested positive for the banned steroid nandrolone in February 2015.
The pair, however, were not charged by UKAD until June 2016, by which time Tyson had beaten Wladimir Klitschko.
A rematch with the Ukrainian was scheduled for July 2016 but Fury postponed the fight, citing a sprained ankle, on the same day the UKAD charge was announced.
Both Hughie and Tyson Fury have strongly denied the nandrolone charge, claiming the positive was a result of eating wild boar that had not been castrated - a defence similar to the one used by cycling star Alberto Contador when they tested positive for a steroid in 2010.
The Fury case has been complicated by several other factors, though, as Tyson Fury failed a test for cocaine in September 2016 and later admitted using the recreational drug to deal with depression.
Having already postponed another Klitschko rematch date and facing the prospect of having their titles stripped from him, Fury relinquished their belts on October 12.
A day later, the British Boxing Board of Control (BBBoC) suspended their licence and their career has been in limbo ever since.
The anti-doping tribunal was halted back in August after just one day because one of the lawyers involved had a conflict of interest.
The panel is now set to hear evidence for at least two days before they retire to deliberate and write their decision. That process usually takes a few weeks, which pushes the verdict back until January.
ANKARA, Turkey (AP) — Turkey's state-run news agency says senior members of a medical association who spoke out against Ankara's military offensive in a Syrian Kurdish enclave have been detained.
Anadolu Agency says the chief of the Turkish Medical Association and seven others were detained in Tuesday's police operations for breach of Turkey's anti-terror laws. It says prosecutors issued warrants for 11 members of the association.
President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan has accused association members of being "terrorist lovers" and their government has cracked down on criticism of the offensive. Turkey considers the Kurdish militia it is fighting in Syria an extension of the outlawed Kurdish rebels inside Turkey.
As many as 311 people were detained in the past week for allegedly engaging in "terrorist propaganda" through social media postings critical of the military operation.
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
Christina Aguilera's “Carpool Karaoke” on The Late Late Show featured an unlikely surprise guest, doing the unlikeliest of things. Not even halfway through, Melissa McCarthy pops up in the backseat of host James Corden's SUV, just in time to rap Redman‘s verse in 2002's “Dirrty” about how they keep their car looking like a crash dummy drove.
This stunt turned out to be a clever bit of cross-promo: Xtina worked on Melissa's next film Life Of The Party, out May 11. (The veteran pop diva makes a cameo and even contributes a song, “Feels So Good.”) Still, you'd be delighted to see that Melissa knew every single word to Redman's lyrics as if it was their job. The winning Sean Spicer impersonator had a simple explanation for that: “Well, I guess that if there's a Redman rap, it's probably me,” they say.
“Dirrty” didn't begin as a pop song. “Lady Marmalade” co-producer Rockwilder had worked with Redman on what was then called “Let's Get Dirty.” Then Rockwilder heard that Christina wanted to get rid of their Disney-informed image with sophomore album Stripped. “I figured since ‘Let's Get Dirty' was a hip-hop song, flipping the song for a pop artist would be a whole different situation,” Rockwilder said to Entertainment Weekly. “And it was. It woke the song right up.”
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
KISS Welcomes Metallica to the Alamodome on June 14th
-KISS Presale is Thursday 2/16 10am-10pm
Code is KISS
-Tickets will go on sale this Friday, February 17th, at 10am
Here's How to Score Your FREE Tickets...
2/13-2/17: Listen weekdays at 10a, 2pm & 5p to win your tickets before you can buy them
PLUS qualify to be the “Hero of the Day” at the show with VIP Parking, a $50 food voucher, and $300 in merchandise!
-Want a “Bonus Chance” to win? Just check out the KISSRocks App
Download it now in the I-tunes or Google Play Store
_______________________________________________________________________________________
2/18-2/19: Win your tickets all weekend on the New Improved KISSRocks App…
Make sure you turn on alerts because you'll know exactly when the next giveaway is.
Don't have the App? It's free, download it now in the I-tunes or Google Play Store
_______________________________________________________________________________________
2/20-2/24: Listen weekdays at 11a, 2pm & 5p to win your tickets PLUS qualify for the Grand Prize:
a personalized limited edition tour lithograph!
***“Bonus chance” to win on the KISSRocks App
Download it now in the I-tunes or Google Play Store
_______________________________________________________________________________________
METALLICA ANNOUNCES THE WORLDWIRED 2017 NORTH AMERICAN TOUR IN SUPPORT OF HARDWIRED...TO SELF-DESTRUCT
Metallica today announced their WorldWired 2017 North American tour in support of their new album Hardwired… To Self-Destruct. The WorldWired 2017 tour kicks off on May 10th in Baltimore, MD at M&T Bank Stadium. The tour will crisscross its way across North America into the summer, marking the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame inductees and Grammy® Award winning band's first proper North American tour since 2009.
Presale tickets will be available to Legacy Fan Club members beginning on Tuesday, February 14 at 9:00 AM local time, with presale tickets available to all Met Club members beginning on Tuesday, February 14 at 11:00 AM local time.
-Tickets go on sale to the general public beginning this Friday, February 17th at 10:00 AM. Each ticket purchased will come with a copy of the Hardwired...To Self-Destruct album, available as a physical CD or a digital download. Visit www.metallica.com for complete ticket info.
Citi is the official credit card of the WorldWired 2017 North American Tour. Citi cardmembers can take advantage of a special presale opportunity for all show dates in the U.S. beginning on Tuesday, February 14th at 11:00 AM local time. For additional details, visit www.citiprivatepass.com.
Every ticket purchased through official outlets includes your choice of a standard physical or standard digital copy of Hardwired…To Self-Destruct. Fans should expect to receive information from Warner Music Artist Services on how to redeem their albums within 14 business days after their purchase. Full details of how you can gift the album, should you have already purchased, will be given on the redemption page.
Metallica has partnered with CID Entertainment to offer four options of special enhanced experiences on this tour, including premium tickets and amenities, including: early access to the venue, a visit to the 'Memory Remains' exhibit of memorabilia, and meet and greets. For full package details, visit http://www.cidentertainment.com/events/metallica-tour-2017/.
Additionally, Metallica has announced the formation of their All Within My Hands Foundation, which will raise funds to support a cross-section of national, local and Bay Area charities that the individual band members support, along with continuing to donate to music education programs and local food banks. Through a collaboration with Crowdrise, the band encourages fans to make a donation when purchasing tickets to the upcoming shows. For more information, visit www.crowdrise.com/metallica
Hardwired...To Self-Destruct was released on November 18 on Metallica's own Blackened Recordings record label and debuted at No. 1 around the world, selling over 800,000 copies worldwide in its first week. The album was produced by Greg Fidelman with James Hetfield and Lars Ulrich, and is available in various configurations at www.metallica.com.
Praise for Hardwired...To Self-Destruct includes: The New York Times: "Metallica has embraced its adulthood, reclaiming the attack of its music while jettisoning the image of a hard-rock band as young, fast and out of control;” Rolling Stone: "Metallica's 'Hardwired' shreds back to vintage eighties terror;” Decibel: "Metallica balances legacy, longevity, and longitude with Hardwired...To Self-Destruct;" Kerrang!: "This is Metallica galvanized, refreshed, refocused and rediscovering themselves. Best thing they've done since The Black album? Yep;" The Guardian: "Metallica have just made their finest record in 25 years;" NME: "Metallica remain both vital and innovative;" San Jose Mercury News: "Metallica has once again delivered an album that echoes and underscores the mood of millions;" and much more.
To purchase Hardwired...To Self-Destruct, click HERE.
May 10 – Baltimore, MD – M&T Bank Stadium
May 12 – Philadelphia, PA – Lincoln Financial Field
May 14 – East Rutherford, NJ – MetLife Stadium
May 17 – Uniondale, NY - New Coliseum
May 19 – Boston, MA – Gillette Stadium
May 21 – Columbus, OH - Rock On The Range Festival (SOLD OUT)
June 4 – St. Louis, MO – Busch Stadium
June 7 – Denver, CO – Sports Authority Field
June 11 – Houston, TX – NRG Stadium
June 14 – San Antonio, TX – Alamodome with Avenged Sevenfold
June 16 – Dallas, TX – AT&T Stadium
June 18 – Chicago, IL - Soldier Field
July 5 – Orlando, FL – Camping World Stadium
July 7 – Miami, FL – Hard Rock Stadium
July 9 – Atlanta, GA – SunTrust Park
July 12 – Detroit, MI – Comercia Park
July 14 – Quebec City, QC– Festival D'Ete
July 16 – Toronto, ON – Rogers Centre
July 19 – Montreal, QB – Parc Jean-Drapeau
July 29 – Los Angeles, CA – Rose Bowl
August 4 – Phoenix, AZ - University of Phoenix Stadium
August 6 – San Diego, CA – Petco Park
August 9 – Seattle, WA – CenturyLink Field
August 14 – Vancouver, BC – BC Place
August 16 – Edmonton, AB - Commonwealth Stadium
ABOUT METALLICA
Metallica formed in 1981 by drummer Lars Ulrich and guitarist and vocalist James Hetfield and has become one of the most influential and commercially successful rock bands in history, having sold 110 million albums worldwide while playing to millions of fans on literally all seven continents. They have scored several multi-platinum albums, including 1991's Metallica (commonly referred to as The Black Album), with sales of nearly 17 million copies in the United States alone, making it the best-selling album in the history of Soundscan. Metallica has also garnered numerous awards and accolades, including nine Grammy Awards, two American Music Awards, and multiple MTV Video Music Awards, and were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and Museum in 2009. In December 2013, Metallica made history when they performed a rare concert in Antarctica, becoming the first act to ever play all seven continents all within a year, and earning themselves a spot in the Guinness Book of World Records.
ABOUT AVENGED SEVENFOLD
AVENGED SEVENFOLD are touring in support of their critically acclaimed new album THE STAGE, which they released three months ago following a live-streamed performance from the rooftop of the Capitol Records Tower in Hollywood, CA. Led by its title track and a companion video that's amassed over 13.5 million+ YouTube views, The Stage hit No. 1 on Billboard's Rock, Hard Rock and Alternative Albums charts and No. 4 on the Top 200. Rolling Stone praised the album as “the most aggressively bonkers music of the quintet's career.” Guitar World, who spotlighted the band's Synyster Gates and Zacky Vengeance with a cover story, lauded the album for being “the most surprising and ambitious album of their career.” The Guardian,Kerrang! and NME each gave it four stars, with the latter calling the album “their best yet,” adding that “they've truly arrived.” Q called it the band's “boldest album yet” and Classic Rock called it “a metal masterpiece.” THE STAGE, available HERE, is the band's 7th studio album and first for Capitol Records. Co-produced by the band and Joe Barresi (Queens of the Stone Age, Tool), THE STAGE is a work of immense scope and ambition, featuring 11 panoramic tracks tied together by an Artificial Intelligence theme. Inspired by the writings of Carl Sagan and Elon Musk, the album is the band's first thematic release. The album's epic 15-minute-plus closing track, “Exist,” features a guest appearance by award-winning astrophysicist Neil deGrasse Tyson giving a spoken word performance they penned specifically for the album. The Southern California-based quintet (vocalist M. Shadows, guitarists Synyster Gates and Zacky Vengeance, bassist Johnny Christ and drummer Brooks Wackerman) have spent the past month touring in support, playing to packed-house arena crowds across the UK, debuting a spectacular new live show (see some of the stunning photosHERE) and drawing rave reviews from fans and media alike. The tour included two nights at London's 02 Arena, performing to over a quarter-million fans on that leg alone. The Guardian ran a 4-star review of the show in Glasgow, writing, “Underneath retina-scorching screens and giant cosmic cube broadcasting spiraling starfields, the five-piece methodically discharge booming, arena-filling songs that are as hefty as they are heavy, with few clocking in at under five minutes. These industrial assemblages of growing riffs and fret-melting solos have a default minor-key menace, yet the overall atmosphere is surprisingly joyous.” AVENGED SEVENFOLD first achieved worldwide success with a string of best-selling albums — including their 2005 platinum breakthrough City Of Evil, 2007's Avenged Sevenfold, which topped the Billboard Alternative, Hard, and Rock Charts, and two consecutive No 1's on Billboard's Top 200 Albums chart, Nightmare (2010) and Hail To The King (2013). They've achieved Diamond, Platinum and Gold awards for album sales in nearly a dozen countries and scored a series of Top 10 singles at multiple formats.
ELIZABETHTON, TN (WJHL) – Saturday is Earth Day and in Elizabethton, they will be cleaning up trash.
Carter County Proud will start at 10 am with the Tweetsie Trail Clean-up, picking up trash throughout the city.
They will meet at Lyons Field and walk to the covered bridge park picking up trash along the way.
Trash bags and gloves will be provided to volunteers.
Once at they reach the park a celebration will begin.
There will be a community garden kick-off and the downtown farmers market rally.
There will also be a cloth diaper exchange.
There will be free crafts for kids and do it yourself stations for adults.
The event lasts until 1 o'clock.
Copyright 2017 WJHL. All rights reserved.
"Information about the fingerprints and basic appearance of the terrorist have been found. In the process after this, work to identify them swiftly will be carried out," Deputy Prime Minister Numan Kurtulmus told a news conference.
They said it was clear that Turkey's military incursion into Syria, launched in August, had annoyed terror groups and those behind them, but said the offensive would continue until all threats to Turkey were removed.
Turkey sent tanks and special forces into Syria just over four months ago to push back Islamic State militants from its border and prevent Kurdish militia fighters from taking ground in their wake.
Kurtulmus also said Sunday's attack bore significant differences to previous attacks in Turkey and that it had been carried out to create divisions within Turkish society.
Supermodel Cindy Crawford and their model daughter, Kaia Gerber, used the sidewalk as their runway during a day of retail therapy. Can you believe Kaia is only 15?! (Photo: SRPP/Splash News)
By Ann Liguori
» More Columns
CHARLOTTE, N.C. (WFAN) — By winning the PGA Championship — and their first major in the process — Justin Thomas has finally emerged from the long shadow cast by their buddy Jordan Spieth.
Thomas, a 24-year-old from Louisville, Kentucky, is only three months older than Spieth. They grew up playing junior tournaments together, competing against each other. They're the best of friends, often vacationing together and practicing together.
But it was Spieth who broke out first, winning the 2015 Masters and U.S. Open titles. They just missed getting into a playoff by one shot at the Open Championship that year and was runner-up at that year's PGA Championship.
MORE: Justin Thomas Wins PGA Championship For First Major Title
Fast forward to 2017. Thomas won the SBS Tournament of Champions and then the Sony Open in Hawaii after shooting an opening-round, 11-under-par 59. In June, Thomas set a new U.S. Open scoring record relative to par, torching Erin Hills with a third-round 63. On the longest course in U.S. Open history, Thomas crushed a 3-wood from 310 yards on the 667-yard 18th and then drained an eight-foot eagle putt.
They were primed to win a major title and admitted there was definitely more than a sense of frustration watching Spieth have all of their success.
“Frustration isn't probably the right word,” Thomas said. “Jealousy definitely is (laughter). I mean, there's no reason to hide it. I would say anybody, they are jealous that I won. I was jealous that Sergio won; that Brooks won; that Jordan won. I wanted to be doing that and I wasn't.”
With Spieth winning the Open Championship in dramatic fashion three weeks ago, which led to them garnering most of the attention early during PGA Championship week as they were asked non-stop about trying to win a career grand slam, Thomas flew under the radar, something that proved to be helpful.
“It was fine. It's one of those things that it may get to some people or me a little bit,” Thomas said, “but at the end of the day, it is what it is. We're just trying to play golf and play as well as we can.
“I just had an unbelievable calmness throughout the week, throughout the day…I had just the most comforting easy going (feeling). I truly felt like I was going to win,” Thomas added. “I remember my girlfriend was supposed to fly out at about 7 p.m. and I was like, ‘You need to change your flight to later, because I don't know, I just feel like I don't want you to miss this. I feel like I'm going to get it done.'”
And get it done, they did, in dramatic fashion.
Thomas' birdie putt on the 10th sat on the lip of the cup for at least 10 seconds before dropping in. How that happened will forever remain a mystery. It was as if Thomas was destined to win and an unnatural force blew the ball in. Thomas then chipped in for birdie from 40 feet on 13 and followed up a gorgeous tee-shot on the par-3 17th with a 15-foot birdie putt.
Thomas stayed sharp and patient while the other dropped back.
And though Spieth never put themselves in contention at Quail Hollow to complete the career grand slam — they finished in a tie for 28th — they hung around to watch Thomas and was one of the first guys to congratulate their buddy after it was over.
Expect Thomas to be the guy casting shadows moving forward.
Follow Ann on Twitter at @AnnLiguori
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
The Football Federation of Ukraine (FFU) has announced it will boycott the 68th FIFA Congress in Moscow in June.
The decision was taken today during a meeting of the FFU Executive Committee in Kiev.
Ukraine's Government last month banned the country's athletes from competing at any events in Russia in protest of their neighbour's annexation of Crimea in 2014.
They also claimed it was because of the doping scandal involving Russia's athletes.
The Government in Kiev has since scaled this back to recommending athletes do not compete in Russia and warning them, that if they decide to do so, then their trip will not be funded.
The Football Federation of Ukraine took the decision not to send a representative to the FIFA Congress in Moscow or accept its allocation of tickets for Russia 2018 during a meeting at its headquarters in Kiev ©FFU
The FFU have also announced that they will not be taking up their allocation of tickets for the World Cup in Russia due to kickoff on June 14 and end with the final on July 15.
In February the National Public Broadcasting Company of Ukraine announced that it would refuse to televise matches from the tournament.
Ukraine finished third in their qualifying group behind Iceland and Croatia and failed to qualify for Russia 2018.
To avoid sanctions from FIFA, the FFU announced they would empower Charge d'Affaires of Ukraine in Moscow Ruslan Nimchinsky to attend the Congress.
It remains unclear, though, whether Nimchinsky will be allowed to vote on Ukraine's behalf during the Congress on June 12 and 13, including for the host country of the 2026 World Cup which Morocco and the United bid of the United States, Canada and Mexico are both candidates.
A British cybersecurity researcher credited with helping curb a recent worldwide ransomware attack is expected in court Monday to hear federal charges accusing them of creating malicious software to steal banking information three years ago.
Marcus Hutchins could enter a plea during the hearing in Wisconsin federal court, where prosecutors charged them and an unnamed co-defendant with conspiring to commit computer fraud in the state and elsewhere. Authorities arrested the 23-year-old man on Aug. 2 at McCarran International Airport in Las Vegas, where they were going to board a flight to their home in Ilfracombe, England. They had been in Las Vegas for a cybersecurity convention.
Hutchins is free on $30,000 bail, but with strict conditions. They must wear an ankle monitor and stay at a halfway house or under house arrest in Las Vegas until their Monday hearing. A judge also ordered them to surrender their passport and barred them from using any device with access to the internet.
Hutchins' attorney, Adrian Lobo, has not responded to several phone messages from The Associated Press over the last week.
The legal troubles Hutchins faces are a dramatic turnaround from the status of cybercrime-fighting hero they enjoyed four months ago when they found a "kill switch" to slow the outbreak of the WannaCry virus. It crippled computers worldwide, encrypting files and making them inaccessible unless people paid a ransom ranging from $300 to $600.
Prosecutors allege that before Hutchins won acclaim they created and distributed a malicious software called Kronos to steal banking passwords from unsuspecting computer users. In addition to computer fraud, the indictment lists five other charges, including attempting to intercept electronic communications and trying to access a computer without authorization.
The indictment says the crimes happened between July 2014 and July 2015, but the court document doesn't offer any details about the number of victims. Prosecutors have not said why the case was filed in Wisconsin. The name of Hutchins' co-defendant is redacted from the indictment.
Hutchins faces decades in prison if convicted on all the charges.
Getty Image
For the first time in the history of the event, all 30 NBA teams will gather in Las Vegas for Summer League beginning on July 6. There are other Summer League events in Salt Lake City and Sacramento to wet the collective appetite for “Sin City” but the headline event features virtually all of the top prospects from the incoming rookie class and a few sophomores (and even third-year players) for good measure.
Naturally, most of the hype and attention will be on the lottery picks from 2018, headlined by Phoenix's Deandre Ayton, Sacramento's Marvin Bagley, Atlanta's Trae Young and many others. However, Summer League is as much about prospects jockeying for position on NBA rosters as anything and that leads us to a handful of 2018 second round picks that should be interesting to monitor in this space.
The list features a few guys almost assured of playing time (and a roster spot) in the near future, while others have a lot more to prove in this setting after mixed college production. Regardless, here are a few names to keep in mind along the way, coming to you in alphabetical order.
SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — Union official: Gunman in San Francisco UPS warehouse shooting had filed overtime grievance.
Snooker superstar Ronnie O'Sullivan is fast becoming regarded as the greatest player of them all and we're giving you the chance to see the best in action at 2018's Ladbrokes World Grand Prix.
We have tickets to be won to the showpiece final and the semi-final.
The tournament - at Preston Guild Hall, from February 19 to 25 - brings together the best 32 players from the season.
BUY TICKETS: Guarantee your tickets for the 2018 Ladbrokes World Grand Prix - see www.worldsnooker.com/tickets.
Barry Hawkins won the title last year and the tournament also featured top stars including Judd Trump, John Higgins, Mark Selby and Ronnie O'Sullivan, who is celebrating fresh from their UK Championship win.
O'Sullivan, 42, equalled Steve Davis' tally of six UK titles and Stephen Hendry's record of 18 victories in 'Triple Crown' events - the UK and World Championships, and Masters.
The Rocket beat Shaun Murphy 10-5 in York to claim their third ranking title of the season, hitting three centuries to take their career total to 916.
Now all eyes will be on who can lift the trophy at the next major event in the UK - the Ladbrokes World Grand Prix at Preston Guild Hall.
WIN FINAL AND SEMI-FINAL TICKETS TO LADBROKES WORLD GRAND PRIX
We have teamed up with World Snooker to give one lucky winner the chance to win two tickets to both sessions of the final on Sunday, February 25, 2018.
Judd Trump
Three runners-up will also get two tickets each to the semi-final on Saturday, February 24, 2018.
For a chance to win enter our free prize draw. Simply provide your name and contact details on our online entry form - CLICK HERE.
Or enter via Twitter by following @GW1962 and retweeting any of their tweets containing the hashtag #JPcompLWGP18
Deadline is noon on Monday, January 8, 2018.
2017 World Grand Prix winner Barry Hawkins
Usual Johnston Press terms, conditions and marketing rules apply. Transport not included. Full details at www.johnstonpress.co.uk/competition.
Secretary-General Ophir Sofer of the National Union party has welcomed the arrest of the head of the northern branch of the Islamic Movement in Israel on charges of incitement.
Sofer said, "In recent months we have seen the intensity of the incitement and the infrastructure of terrorism developing in Umm El-Fahm and its environs. The handling of terrorism under the auspices of Israeli protection is not only the duty of the Minister of Public Security but also a result of government lawlessness and lack of enforcement which is manifest in illegal construction, unregulated capital, illegal trade in arms, highway thuggery and more. I call upon the finance and interior ministers to deal with these issues, which are symbols of governance and sovereignty."
GATE CITY — Some big news out of Gate City on Friday. Hoops star Mac McClung announced this afternoon that they have reopened their recruiting, after committing to Rutgers back in early August.
McClung had over 30 offers from schools such as Virginia, ETSU, Virginia Tech and Georgetown when they had committed to Rutgers.
McClung has received national attention this year, making multiple appearances on sportscenter for their high flying dunks.
Advertisement
Along the Chari and Logone rivers separating Cameroon from Chad's capital, four flat-bottomed boats, mounted with machine guns, brimming with Chadian and other special forces, round the curve as they approach the riverbank.
Forming an assault force, heavily armed soldiers leap out of the vessels and race up a slope to take up positions while backup forces have their machine guns at the ready.
It's all part of a military exercise that simulates going after a high-value target – a leader from the ISIS-affiliated Boko Haram insurgency, who's taken up residence in a huddle of huts on the far side of the riverfront, a terrorist safe haven. The assault force demonstrates crucial military steps before capturing and eliminating him.
Three weeks of U.S.-led counterterrorism exercises, known as Flintlock 2017, ended last month in Chad, which, along with surrounding countries, has been targeted in deadly violence by Boko Haram. The Flintlock exercises take place each year in a different African country.
Boko Haram's 8-year-old uprising began in northeastern Nigeria, to the west of Chad, and has spilled over its borders, killing thousands of people and driving almost 3 million from their homes across the region. The war left a humanitarian catastrophe in its wake.
The Trump administration's budget blueprint pledges to boost U.S. military spending by 10 percent — but also promises deep cuts in foreign aid. It's not yet clear what that might mean for U.S. counterterrorism efforts here or elsewhere in Africa, though the White House has boosted the U.S. military's authority to carry out strikes in Somalia against al-Shabaab militants linked to al-Qaida.
At the same time, the U.S. — the biggest donor to the United Nations — is making the case for cuts in U.N. funding and wants to see changes in U.N. peacekeeping operations, most of which take place in Africa.
"We need to show results," U.N. Ambassador Nikki Haley said earlier this month. "We need to find value."
Support for foreign nations' counterterrorism efforts, as opposed to big American deployments, were a key tool of the Obama administration. Last year, the U.S. gave $156 million for military support, training and border security in the region straddling Nigeria, Niger, Chad and Cameroon, known as the Lake Chad Basin. The military officer in charge of Flintlock 2017, Brig. Gen. Donald Bolduc, has called this region "Ground Zero" when it comes to fighting extremism in Africa.
Bolduc, the Special Operations commander in Africa, says for now, the U.S. military is continuing to pursue its objectives.
But the prospect of aid cuts worries many, as the region's humanitarian situation risks deteriorating. The U.N. warns there is a risk of famine in Nigeria's northeast, exacerbating a humanitarian disaster that has already seen children, especially those under the age of 5, dying of malnutrition, hunger and starvation.
The U.S. has given more than $321 million since last year to help those in the Lake Chad Basin, including more than $175 million in emergency food aid.
"Our assistance to this area is critical for promoting stability," said Matt Nims of the U.S. Agency for International Development, speaking at a House subcommittee hearing earlier this month.
'The military can't do it by itself'
U.S. special operations troops don't typically deploy in large numbers to help African security forces work together and fight Boko Haram, but local officials say they're useful in serving as the glue that helps everything stick together. For Flintlock 2017, forces from 27 countries took part at seven training sites across west and central Africa.
"Chad, Cameroon, Nigeria, Niger – unfortunately, the entire region, we are facing the same reality," said Cameroonian police commander Gilbert Nagassou, in charge of the border post at Kousseri, just across the river separating Chad and Cameroon. "That's why we must join forces and together confront terrorism."
When it comes to fighting Boko Haram's threats to the Lake Chad Basin, "The military can't do it by itself," Bolduc told NPR in Ndjamena, Chad's capital. "Regionalize all the efforts, work closely together in an effective military construct ... and then bring in the police, the civil administration, religious leaders and include anybody working to bring the stability necessary to the local villages."
A U.S. special forces commander involved in Flintlock, who asked that their name be withheld for security reasons, says the challenges shouldn't be underestimated.
"We have a regional issue of Boko Haram, [which] easily exploits the seams between international boundaries – especially when you have something like a river way that separates two nations," they say. "And they currently use islands in this pretty broad [Chari and Logone] river to hide out in. It's an easy area to have ungoverned and hard to police and patrol."
Members of U.S. military and, for the first time, law enforcement agencies are working with African security forces to enhance their techniques, said Billy Alfano, a special agent with the State Department's law enforcement arm, the Bureau of Diplomatic Security. "Interoperability" – groups and forces working well together — is the current buzzword.
"It's critical for our African partner nations to work together and more and more important for police to collaborate with the military, to conduct joint investigations and to truly counter the terrorism threat in the region, with law enforcement in those communities," Alfano said.
Law enforcement agents are often first responders after an attack, they explained, so training them in forensics and skills like fingerprinting also helps "attack the terrorist network."
Alfano said this year's more broadly focused exercises reflected an emphasis on governance and rule of law, "making a transition from a military-controlled area to training the police to more effectively take over when the military has moved on."
And there was what they called "a mass migration training," to teach rural communities how to respond to potential terrorists who may cross porous borders where large numbers of people are already traveling.
Cross-border cooperation
During Flintlock, training scenarios involved agents from across the region simulating the aftermath of a terrorist bombing, as well as chasing and apprehending hostage-taking terrorist suspects.
"Terrorism knows no boundaries or borders," warned Nagassou, the Cameroonian police commander. Deadly Boko Haram bomb blasts and suicide bombing raids have targeted all four countries battling the terrorist network, they said.
"Boko Haram has pledged allegiance to Islamic State," they said, "so geographic frontiers mean nothing to this group or other terrorist networks and their regional allies. Borders are simply a joke to them — they have connections and communications."
Terrorists, they said, easily slip across.
"If there's intelligence from Nigeria and it's relayed to Chad, then Cameroon must also be made aware," said Nagassou. "And Niger also needs to be informed, so that together we can nip Boko Haram's nefarious plans in the bud and stop them attacking our people."
Battle-hardened Chadian special forces are already familiar with this problem. For the past few years, they've been taking on Boko Haram extremists since violence spread across the border from northeastern Nigeria. They also were a critical force that helped end the occupation of northern Mali by al-Qaida-linked extremist fighters in 2013.
"Chadian military history has demonstrated our experience and know-how. It's not today that the Chadian army is learning how to capture and destroy the enemy. Chadian forces are used to pursue Boko Haram," said Lt. Col. Brahim Mahamat Dahab, Chad's chief of staff for the Flintlock 2017 exercises.
They say the river scenario assault force exercise shows that Chad is capable of working with Americans, Italians "and the military from any given country, as well as our neighbors, reinforcing capacity. That's what we want to demonstrate. We need to share that knowledge with others who are also fighting Boko Haram," Brahim told NPR passionately.
Back on the banks of the Chari-Logone river in the Chadian capital, the assault force exercise ends and the Boko Haram leader is captured. Amid a hail of protective gunfire, the special operations forces head back down toward the boats and speed off down the river. Mission accomplished.
For this raid, a textbook success: the same way they hope a real-life operation would end. With the exercise over, the group whoops with satisfaction and relief.
PHOENIX (AP) — Arizona policymakers have yet to agree how to increase teacher pay or education funding ahead of a first-ever statewide walkout this week, prompting calls from Democrats and even one Republican to generate new tax revenue in the conservative state.
Republicans who control the state Legislature have yet to fully back Gov. Doug Ducey's plan for a 20 percent teacher raise, which would cost $650 million by 2020. Many have shared concerns about the rosy revenue projections Ducey is using to cover the increase.
Teachers have protested for weeks and took a vote on whether to launch the first statewide strike after Ducey unveiled their plan, saying they're concerned it doesn't increase funding for classrooms and students.
With Ducey and legislative leaders meeting behind closed doors to negotiate a deal, Republican state Rep. Noel Campbell offered a plan for a sales tax increase. They said the three-year boost of 1 percent would generate $1 billion annually.
Campbell said he's concerned the governor's proposal is too optimistic and believed the hike would bring in money to support all-day kindergarten, technical training and lower in-state tuition at public universities.
Most lawmakers agree higher pay and school funding is a good idea — the issue is how to fund them, they said. The governor and many Republicans have taken pledges against tax hikes.
"There's no way that we're going to get an income tax increase through this body, it's not gonna happen," they said. "You have to make a choice here. Do you want to have a perfect bill that doesn't pass or do you want to have a good bill that might have some chance?"
The relative novelty of a Republican calling for a sales tax increase contrasts with Democrats warning against any such hike. They raised concerns about rural towns that already have 10 percent sales tax rates.
"Another increase would unfairly put the burden on the poor and working class, who pay an inordinately larger share of their income on sales tax," Senate Minority Leader Katie Hobbs said.
Instead, Democrats called for funding from new revenue streams, such as taxing new products or reversing income tax cuts on wealthy residents.
New dollars are necessary to meet a key demand: $1 billion to return school funding to levels seen before the Great Recession, said Joe Thomas, president of the Arizona Educators Association, the largest teacher membership group.
Ducey spokesperson Daniel Scarpinato said the governor's plan goes a long way toward addressing classroom funding concerns. It includes $371 million phased in over five years that districts can decide where to direct — that money could be used for support staff raises or other needs, Scarpinato said.
"The only way to get back to 2008 levels is to continue driving up the dollars we put into education," they said. "This is a big, sustained step toward the overall goal."
The political dealing comes as some of the state's largest school districts plan to close Thursday and Friday due to striking teachers, who are among the lowest-paid in the U.S.
Over a dozen of Colorado school districts, including the 10 largest, also will shut down both days because of teacher protests. The two states are part of a movement that started in West Virginia, where a strike garnered a raise, and spread to Oklahoma, Kentucky and beyond.
In the run-up to Arizona's statewide strike, parents and community members have been supportive, said Melissa Girmscheid, a science teacher at Centennial High School in suburban Phoenix.
They're giving gift cards for support staffers who may not be paid, and some teens are volunteering to watch teachers' children so they can go to a rally Thursday, they said.
"We've had a lot of parents who've stepped up to the plate," Girmscheid said.
Thomas, with the teachers association, said teachers were pushed to the drastic step.
"Every educator wishes this didn't have to happen," Thomas said. "But nothing has worked. Phone calls, emails, letters, many rallies, days at the Capitol where we go down and bring 100 people. Nothing has worked. We have been absolutely ignored, and they're not going to be able to ignore us Thursday."
ORLANDO, Fla. (AP) — A UCF football player may have to choose between continuing to play college football and building their brand on YouTube.
Sophomore kicker Donald De La Haye said in a video they may have to decide whether to remain with the Knights football team or pursue their passion as a YouTube personality after meeting with the school's compliance office last week. They could be violating NCAA rules by receiving money from the advertising revenue off their YouTube videos that chronicle their life as a college student and as a college football player.
De La Haye has nearly 56,000 subscribers on YouTube and their latest video detailing their battle to keep their channel going had 113,042 views as of Wednesday afternoon. YouTube pays video creators a percentage of the ad revenue profits.
De La Haye, who could not be reached for comment on Wednesday, discussed their dilemma in their most recent YouTube video posted on Monday.
"Some people upstairs aren't happy with my videos and they like I'm in violation of NCAA rules and whatnot," De La Haye said in the video. "I don't understand but who am I to say what is in the rulebook and what is not."
The school released a vague statement Wednesday, leaving it unclear whether De La Haye can continue publishing their videos.
"UCF athletics is committed to rule compliance," the statement read. "Our compliance staff strives to make sure our student-athletes are informed about all pertinent NCAA bylaws."
A person with knowledge of the situation said that De La Haye was not told in last week's meeting that they have to discontinue making the video. The person was told the meeting was the first in a series of discussions that the player will have with the compliance office. The person spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because details of the meeting with De La Haye have not been publicly released.
The NCAA referred all comments to UCF, saying that it has not received a waiver from the school in regards to the matter.
NCAA rules prohibit student-athletes from profiting from their likeness or status as student-athletes because it violates amateur guidelines. NCAA bylaw 12.4.4 regarding self-employment states a student-athlete may establish their or their own business, provided the student-athlete's name, photograph, appearance or athletics reputation are not used to promote the business.
De La Haye, a marketing major, said in that video posted Monday that they created the channel as a way to further their career. They went on to say it is means to make a little extra money, money the Costa Rica native said their family needs.
"Basically, I'm not allowed to make any money off my YouTube videos," they said. "So I'm working hard — basically like a job filming, editing, creating ideas — and I'm not allowed to make any money. And if I do bad things will happen."
De La Haye, who seems to have a huge personality in the videos they create, begins the video discussing their dilemma and an impending meeting with a school compliance worker in between taking bites of a hamburger. With a use of a time lapse element, later in the 10:39 video they discuss the meeting with the compliance worker and they say they are disappointed with the decision they believe they must now make.
"I feel like they are making me pick between my passion and what I love to do, make videos, entertain and be creative and my other passion playing football," said De La Haye, a kickoff specialist who appeared all 13 of the Knights games last season. "I've really got some decisions to make and not a lot of time to make those decisions."
___
More college football: http://collegefootball.ap.org
Transcript for Benedict XVI has beer, party for 90th birthday at Vatican
But not convinced to change into another thing that you don't have inbox. Suzuki very Ngo. Probably losing.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
Getty Image
The 2017 NFL season has been full of quarterbacks going down and backups getting promoted to starting jobs out of necessity. The latest example of this came on Sunday afternoon, when Eagles quarterback Carson Wentz went down with an injury that turned out to be a torn ACL and backup Nick Foles became the team's starter.
As starters getting injured has seemed to turn into a weekly occurrence, plenty have wondered why former Niners quarterback Colin Kaepernick hasn't gotten a job somewhere. Some, like LeBron James, believe that the league has blackballed Kaepernick, who famously sat for the national anthem last season in an attempt to start a national discussion on racial inequality and police brutality.
To NFL commissioner Roger Goodell, nothing sinister is going on. All that Kaepernick's continued unemployment means is that teams don't think they fill a need. The commissioner, fresh off of getting a new deal from the league's owners, told CNBC's Squawk Box that they disagree with the notion that Kaepernick is getting blackballed.
Exxel Outdoors, LLC has leased space at the North Valleys Commerce Center, next to Mary's Gone Crackers.
Exxel Outdoors, a provider of outdoor recreation gear and apparel, including brands Kelty, Sierra Designs, Ultimate Direction, Slumberjack, Wenzel, Insta-Bed, X2O Sports and Master Sportsman, will occupy 244,797 square feet in the industrial complex.
The North Valleys Commerce Center was developed by Panattoni Development while Tectonics was the architect and the contractor was Alston Construction. The building is owned by CP Logistics NVCC, LLC.
For details on Exxel, go online at http://www.exxel.com.
President Trump is weighing in on the special elections to replace members of the U.S. House who became Cabinet secretaries, accusing the media of downplaying last week's Republican victory in Kansas while disparaging the Democrat vying for one in Georgia.
“The super Liberal Democrat in the Georgia [congressional] race tomorrow wants to protect criminals, allow illegal immigration and raise taxes!” Trump tweeted Monday morning.
The “super Liberal Democrat” in question is Jon Ossoff, a 30-year-old former congressional staffer and documentary filmmaker who is running in a district — Georgia's Sixth District — that has been occupied by Republicans since the 1970s. The seat was vacated when Trump tapped Tom Price to be their secretary of health and human services.
The recent Kansas election (Congress) was a really big media event, until the Republicans won. Now they play the same game with Georgia-BAD! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 17, 2017
Ossoff's bid has been buoyed by a fundraising haul of $8.3 million — a figure that has been unmatched by all but two congressional candidates since 2012.
According to recent polls, Ossoff holds a commanding lead ahead of Tuesday's crowded open primary. But according to FiveThirtyEight, it is projected that Ossoff will win less than 50 percent of the vote, which would trigger a runoff — likely pitting Ossoff against the Republican with the most votes — on June 20.
Related: Ossoff pulls in record fundraising haul as special elections heat up
Last week, Republican Kansas State Treasurer Ron Estes beat Democrat James Thompson in the race to replace Mike Pompeo, Trump's CIA director, in Kansas' Fourth District. But Thompson, who lost by about 7 percentage points, did a lot better than expected — a possible sign that the so-called resistance that has followed Trump's election has inspired Democrats.
On Sunday, Trump complained that the press coverage focused on the race rather than the result.
“The recent Kansas election (Congress) was a really big media event, until the Republicans won,” the president tweeted. “Now they play the same game with Georgia-BAD!”
The super Liberal Democrat in the Georgia Congressioal race tomorrow wants to protect criminals, allow illegal immigration and raise taxes! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 17, 2017
A great book for your reading enjoyment: "REASONS TO VOTE FOR DEMOCRATS" by Michael J. Knowles. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 17, 2017
Trump then recommended a book — “Reasons to Vote for Democrats” — that suggests there are none. The mock guide, by Michael J. Knowles, features more than 260 blank pages.
Read more from Yahoo News:
PRAGUE (AP) — Czech Prime Minister Boshuslav Sobotka says they are resigning as chairperson of their leftist Social Democrats amid falling popularity for the party ahead of parliamentary elections.
Sobotka's deputy, Interior Minister Milan Chovanec, known for their strong anti-migrant stance, will take over the party. Foreign Minister Lubomir Zaoralek will take responsibility for the Social Democrats' campaign in October's elections.
The Centrist ANO movement led by billionaire Andrej Babis that is part of the current coalition government is heavy favored to win the ballot.
Babis called Sobotka's decision Wednesday a "desperate" move.
Sobotka will keep their post of prime minister until the election. Their center-left coalition government was sworn in in early 2014.
Your daily look at late-breaking news, upcoming events and the stories that will be talked about today:
1. WHAT TRUMP WILL HERALD IN State of the Union
The Republican president will trumpet a robust economy and push for bipartisan congressional action on immigration in the annual address.
2. US ISSUES 'PUTIN LIST' BUT NO PUNISHMENT
The political list is the entire presidential administration, as listed on the Kremlin website, and the Russian Cabinet, while the oligarchs list is a carbon copy of the top of the Forbes magazine's Russian billionaires' list, compiled to hit Moscow for interfering in the 2016 U.S. election.
3. WHAT HAS BECOME A POLITICAL FLASHPOINT
Republicans on the House intelligence committee vote to release a classified memo that purports to show improper use of surveillance by the FBI and the Justice Department in the Russia investigation.
4. CHILD EXPERTS: JUST SAY 'NO' TO FACEBOOK'S KIDS APP
A group letter sent to Mark Zuckerberg argues that younger children aren't ready to have social media accounts, navigate the complexities of online relationships or protect their own privacy.
5. PENTAGON RESTRICTS RELEASE OF AFGHAN WAR DATA
Trump is railing against the recent string of attacks in Afghanistan, and rules out any U.S. discussions with the Taliban as part of the effort to achieve peace.
6. PROMINENT CHINESE JOURNALIST TRANSITIONS TO NEW ROLE
Hu Shuli speaks guardedly to AP about censorship and declares their financial magazine Caixin free to conduct its signature muckraking reporting, despite governmental obstacles.
7. WHERE THEY'RE 'LOOTING TO EAT' AMID ECONOMIC TAILSPIN
Mobs of poor Venezuelans are pilfering markets, swarming trucks loaded with corn and slaughtering cows with rocks and machetes in an outburst of almost daily unrest triggered by hunger.
8. HISTORIC VEGAS NEON SIGNS SET TO SHINE BRIGHT AGAIN
The Neon Museum is bringing back to life some of the most iconic marquees of Sin City thanks to projectors that will cast digitally reconstructed images of the signs back onto the hulking metal, AP learns.
9. 'COOL RUNNINGS' REDUX IN NIGERIA
Even though the competitors are American-born, Nigeria will field the first bobsled team from the entire continent of Africa in the Pyeongchang Games next month.
10. HOW THEY'RE DESCRIBING 'BLACK PANTHER'
"Incredible" and "kinetic" are just a few of the words people are using to describe the new Marvel flick that follows a late king's son's ascension to the throne in a fictional African nation.
A brand-new collection of original artwork is now on display at Baton Rouge General's Bluebonnet Café.
The “Show Me Louisiana” exhibit consists of 68 pieces by Louisiana artists – some who work with BRG's Arts in Medicine program, and some who are former and current patients. The exhibit will be on display through September.
BRG has been the only hospital in the state with an art in Medicine program since 2012, helping more than 10,000 patients participate in creative activities that promote healing. Activities include painting, drawing, arts and crafts, music and storytelling.
RELATED: Learn more about Baton Rouge General Medical Center
“Studies show that patients who participate in therapeutic art benefit both emotionally and physically during treatment, and we see that every day,” says Kim Henderson, supervisor of BRG's Arts in Medicine program. “Our work is about more than painting and singing – it's helping a cancer patient create something beautiful during a long day of infusion treatments, and taking someone's mind off a recent diagnosis, even for just a little while.”
A free reception is being held Tuesday evening at the Bluebonnet Café at Baton Rouge General.
“SHOW ME LOUISIANA” RECEPTION
Tuesday, April 24
5 p.m. to 7 p.m.
Baton Rouge General Bluebonnet Café
8585 Picardy Ave.
Attendees at the reception can meet some of the artists and get a first look at pieces including oil-based paintings, watercolor artwork, and pen-and-ink sketches. The exhibit reflects artists' perspectives of Louisiana with themes including scenery, food and musicians.
To purchase artwork, please visit the Café at Bluebonnet. A portion of the exhibit's sales benefit the BRG Arts in Medicine program.
For more information about BRG's Arts in Medicine program, call (225) 387-7040.
Copyright 2018 WAFB. All rights reserved.
Getty Image
Trey Songz was arrested this morning after turning themselves into the LAPD following accusations of assault at a party in the Hollywood Hills last month, according to TMZ.
The singer was accused of the assault following a party on NBA All-Star weekend, where an acquaintance, Andrea Buera, claims they struck them when they talked to another man and choked them and threw their phones down a hill when they tried to leave the party. Buera says that they were concussed and that there are multiple witnesses to the attack.
Trey turned themselves in early today, was booked, paid bail, and was released within a few hours. According to TMZ's report, their bail was posted at $50,000. Trey sent a tweet just before turning themselves in that maintained their innocence and that Buera is using the accusations for “personal gain.”
“For weeks my lawyers & Mgmt have asked me not to comment on this and I initially agreed,” they wrote, “But this morning I feel that my fam, the women that raised me, my friends & fans especially the youth need to hear from me. I am being lied on and falsely accused for someone's personal gain.”
For weeks my lawyers & Mgmt have asked me not to comment on this and I initially agreed but this morning I feel that my fam, the women that raised me, my friends & fans especially the youth need to hear from me. I am being lied on and falsely accused for someone's personal gain — Trey Songz (@TreySongz) March 19, 2018
Trey's lawyer maintains that Buera's story is inconsistent and that there are multiple witness statements that contradict it.
Trey was previously sentenced to probation for destroying a stage in Detroit last year.
When the frantic search for a 16-year-old girl culminated on Saturday with U.S. Marshals and Mexican authorities finding them at the Mexican port town of Puerto Morelos, their mother was relieved.
"I'm really happy. Please let everyone know," Amy Yu's mother, Mui Luu, told ABC News.
They had feared the worst after their daughter ran off with a 45-year-old married man named Kevin Esterly.
After they were finally found, they were taken to Miami Saturday night.
Just days before receiving the good news, however, Luu gave an extensive interview to ABC News admitting their regret for arguing with their daughter before their disappearance and their anger at Esterly.
"Nobody can help," Luu said about their daughter's return. "They just hide and hide. It's so difficult to find them."
Courtesy Miu Luu
Them daughter vanished with what Luu described as "a little bit of jewelry, their passport and a couple hundred dollars."
The mother said they regretted fighting with their daughter before they fled.
"The last day, I called Amy and we talked I yelled at her, and so they got mad," Luu said.
Courtesy U.S. Marshals Service
The sophomore student was signed out of Lehigh Valley Academy on March 5 by Esterly, according to the Allentown Police Department. Esterly, a cement contractor, allegedly claimed to be their stepfather and, according to an affidavit of probable cause filed by the Lehigh County Deputy District Attorney Matthew Falk, they "fraudulently signed them out of school" early at least 10 times between December and Feb. 9.
But this time, authorities said Esterly withdrew $4,000 from their wife's bank account and caught a one-way flight to Cancun, Mexico, by way of Dallas along with Amy.
While they are back home, any kind of homecoming with Amy is being delayed because the youth is staying at a Pennsylvania hospital, their mother said.
Meanwhile, Esterly remains behind bars in Miami and faces a felony charge of custodial interference.
During a short hearing on Monday, Esterly didn't fight extradition back to Lehigh County.
“I'd like to go back to Pennsylvania as soon as possible," they told the judge.
In the throes of worry and reflection, Luu wondered if they could have done more to keep Amy away from from the married man.
"Every day they would go out -- sometimes for two hours and I ask them 'Why do you go out? Every day you go out!'" they said they told Amy. "Sometime they would be gone overnight....
"It's difficult teaching the teenagers because they won't listen to the parents," they added.
Allentown Police Department
Luu said that they had been raising Amy and their brother, John, by themselves ever since their biological father went to China.
"He left to go back to China and they can't come back," they said.
For almost a decade, Luu's daughter attended a Lehigh county church.
It was at this church that Luu said Amy forged a friendship with one of Esterly's four daughters.
"I know them from church, both them and their family [for] many years," Luu told ABC News in an earlier interview before Amy was found. "He had four daughters and wife and their daughter is just one year less than Amy.
John Waldron, the attorney for Esterly's wife, Stacey Esterly, told to ABC News that over several years Amy became like a "fifth daughter" to their family.
Luu agreed, saying for Amy, Kevin Esterly was "dad" and their wife was "mom."
But Luu said they found the relationship strange and confronted the couple.
"I ask them and I ask their wife, 'Why do they call you mom and dad?' and they say 'It's normal,'" Luu recalled.
But the patriarchal relationship became inappropriate over "eight or nine months" when Stacey Esterly said they learned their husband was allegedly having sex with Amy, according to Waldron.
"She tried to prevent Kevin on almost a daily basis from having contact with Amy," Waldron said, adding that Stacey Esterly didn't report them to authorities at first because they were concerned about fracturing their family.
Miami-Dade County County Jail
Waldron said that Stacey Esterly eventually started to feel more uncomfortable with the relationship.
"It was reaching a breaking point, which is part of the reason why Kevin ultimately took off with Amy," they said. "Because they knew that Stacey was going to take more drastic measures with the authorities."
Meanwhile, Luu is questioning how they could have trusted Esterly for so many years.
"This guy is so bad," they said. "I never thought they would act like that."
It's a hot holiday week for most of the nation -- with dangerous fire conditions in the West and a seemingly never-ending heat wave in the Northeast.
Interested in Weather? Add Weather as an interest to stay up to date on the latest Weather news, video, and analysis from ABC News. Add Interest
There are 63 large wildfires burning across the nation with most of them in the Western states from Texas to California.
There is further bad news for the West, with some of the hottest temperatures of the year expected.
ABC News
Numerous heat watches and fire warnings have been issued in the West. Gusty winds up to 40 mph and relative humidity down to 5 percent is forecast for parts of the West for Wednesday and Thursday.
As we head into Friday, temperatures will soar into the 100s even in Los Angeles.
ABC News
In the eastern U.S., especially for Midwest, the peak of the heat wave will be today.
The heat index -- or what the temperature feels like -- from Kansas to Massachusetts on Wednesday will be blistering. It will be nearly 100 degrees in Minneapolis and over 100 in Cincinnati, where both cities are under excessive heat warnings.
Humidity will make it feel like mid to upper 90s along the I-95 corridor. Washington, D.C., could be near 100 degrees again as they celebrate the nation's birth.
ABC News
But there is good news -- some much cooler and drier air is on the way for the eastern U.S.
By Friday, Chicago will be down into the 70s and by Saturday that cool air will reach New York City, where temperatures will also slip into the 70s.
Unfortunately, it seems there's a phishing scheme to go along with virtually every event in life, whether a holiday, a tragedy, or an annual ritual. Tax time is not exempt, so to speak.
Whether you work in finance or you support users who do, it's important to be on the lookout this tax season for phishing schemes geared towards obtaining confidential information from unsuspecting individuals.
What should users look out for?
A common phishing attempt involves compromised or spoofed emails which purport to be from an executive at your organization and are sent either to human resources or finance/payroll employees. The email requests a list of employees and their related W-2 forms.
That's not all, however. Another common scam (which can occur throughout the year) involves receiving a phone call from an individual claiming to be from the IRS (caller ID can be spoofed to show this as well) who informs you that you owe money for back taxes and often threatens law enforcement retribution if payment (usually via credit card over the phone) isn't provided.
The IRS will never call you on the phone to report you owe them money nor demand money over the phone; they utilize the postal service for such notifications. They also will not engage in threats and are supposed to provide an opportunity for you to work constructively with them or negotiate payment.
SEE: IT leader's guide to cyberattack recovery (Tech Pro Research)
What standard protection methods should be used?
The typical safeguards against phishing can protect you and your employees; establish a policy against requesting confidential information through email, call people directly to verify such requests, arrange for secure transfer of data, and limit the number of employees who possess the authority to access or handle W-2 forms.
The IRS also recommends contacting them about any malicious activity. Phishing attempts can be reported to phishing@irs.gov. If someone from your company has given out W-2 information, contact dataloss@irs.gov with a description of what happened and how many employees were affected. Also make sure not to attach any confidential information!
If your company is contacted by scammers claiming you owe the IRS money, report it via the IRS Impersonation Scam Reporting webpage. You can also call 800-366-4484. You should also report this to the Federal Trade Commission via the FTC Complaint Assistant on FTC.gov.
What else is available to help here?
Education and establishing proper procedures can be helpful in minimizing risk, but I also highly recommend using technology to safeguard data as well. While both technology and humans may be prone to failure, technology is harder to fool or take advantage of.
With that in mind, data loss prevention (DLP) can be a handy tool in combating phishing gimmicks of this nature. DLP systems examine traffic coming in and out of an organization: emails, instant messages, web access - anything that is sent over the network. These systems can sniff out confidential information such as Social Security numbers and block them from being transmitted.
This comes with a potential cost, however; legitimate traffic may end up blocked, such as when employees email tax information to their tax preparers or their own personal accounts. This can pose a challenge for DLP systems (and those responsible for administering them) in separating the wheat from the chaff. The end result is undoubtedly a slew of false positives with frustrated and/or confused employees.
SEE: Intrusion detection policy (Tech Pro Research)
Another potential solution is user and entity behavior analytics (UEBA). UEBA can determine the likelihood the employee is sending tax information to themselves via their personal email address by analyzing behavioral patterns to determine the legitimacy of specific activities.
For example, if an employee named Ray Donovan sends a W-2 form from their corporate email address (ray.donovan@company.com) to their Gmail address (ray.donovan72@gmail.com), UEBA can determine that it's highly likely this information is being sent to the same person and will not send a critical alert nor block the transmission. It helps if Ray has a history of sending themselves emails of this nature so UEBA can mark that behavior as normal.
However, in a genuine phishing scenario where Ray sends a W-2 form to SWRedLeader55@gmail.com, an email address they have not previously contacted, UEBA could determine that it's not the same person, analyze further using behavioral comparisons and send alerts or take action as necessary.
What about a situation where an employee is emailing confidential information to themselves when they shouldn't (such as someone else's W-2 form, or their own despite company policies prohibiting this)? UEBA can still send alerts which can then result in investigational activity and appropriate discipline as needed, including termination. Making employees aware that this activity is analyzed and monitored can serve as a deterrent and ensure confidential information remains in appropriate hands.
For more security tips and news, subscribe to our Cybersecurity Insider newsletter. Subscribe
Also see:
(AP Photo/Isaac Brekken, File). FILE - In this May 22, 2018 file photo, Culinary Union members file into a university arena to vote on whether to authorize a strike in Las Vegas. The union representing thousands of Las Vegas casino workers says the two...
(AP Photo/Isaac Brekken, File). File - In this May 22, 2018 file photo, volunteer Jenifer Murias yells into a megaphone as Culinary Union members file into a university arena to vote on whether to authorize a strike in Las Vegas. The union representing...
By REGINA GARCIA CANO
Associated Press
LAS VEGAS (AP) - The union representing thousands of Las Vegas casino workers estimated Wednesday that the two largest resort operators would lose more than $10 million a day combined if housekeepers, cooks and others go on strike at any time starting Friday.
The Culinary Union released documents explaining how it thinks a one-month strike would impact MGM Resorts International and Caesars Entertainment, which operate more than half of the properties that would be affected if 50,000 workers walk off the job.
Workers last week voted to authorize a strike as disputes over workplace training, wages and other issues have kept the union and casino operators from agreeing on new contracts.
The union conceded that it is difficult to estimate how the strike at more than 30 hotels would impact Las Vegas overall, since the last citywide labor action took place in 1984, when the city had 90,000 fewer hotel rooms and only about 12.8 million annual visitors.
But it says MGM and Caesars would see a 10 percent reduction in revenue because of the loss of group and independent travelers.
Using the companies' earnings reports for the first three months of the year, the union's estimates show the one-month strike could reduce MGM's earnings before interest, taxes and other items by more than $206 million and Caesars' by over $113 million.
The workers' contracts expire at midnight Thursday. They are bartenders, housekeepers, cocktail and food servers, porters, bellmen, cooks and other kitchen workers at properties on the Las Vegas Strip and downtown Las Vegas, including Caesars Palace, Bellagio, Stratosphere, Treasure Island, The D and El Cortez.
Dealers are not part of the Culinary Union. Casino-resorts that would not be affected by the strike include Wynn Las Vegas, Encore, The Venetian and Palazzo.
MGM, which employees 24,000 of the workers, on Wednesday said it met with union negotiators Monday and has more talks scheduled this week. The company says it remains confident that it "can resolve the outstanding contract issues and come to an agreement that works for all sides."
Caesars said it "expects to agree to a new 5-year contract with the Culinary Union on or about June 1 when the current contract expires." About 12,000 of its workers are part of the negotiations.
The union said it is asking both companies for new-skill training and job opportunities as the operators continue to adopt new technology that can displace workers; an independent study to analyze the workload of housekeepers; and contract language that would protect the workers if properties are sold.
"What is going to happen to my position?" Fernando Fernandez, a guest runner at Caesars Palace, said. "I think they are going to be disappearing it because robots are going to be available to deliver everything."
They said they want training to fix or program the robots that they believe could eventually replace him.
The union says it has asked MGM for average wage increases of 4 percent a year for the new five-year contract. A document states the company has countered with an approximate 2.7 percent increase for each of the five years.
Meanwhile, Caesars workers are asking for an increase of 4.2 percent, and annual increases of about 4 percent thereafter. Another document shows the company has offered an approximate 2.8 percent increase for each of the five years.
The average hourly wage of union workers is $23, including benefits such as premium-free health care, a pension and a 401(k) retirement savings plan and $25,000 down-payment assistance for first-time homebuyers.
___
Follow Regina Garcia Cano on Twitter at https://twitter.com/reginagarciakNO
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
OPP are urging the public to be careful while boating this summer after a 17-year-old was thrown from a jet ski and flown to hospital with serious injuries.
Norfolk OPP and paramedics arrived at Turkey Point at about 3:30 p.m. Tuesday after reports a teen had hurt themselves while on a jet ski on Lake Erie.
Off-duty police officers and bystanders saw the incident, rescued the teen and held them above the water until emergency crews arrived, OPP said.
A 17-year-old boy from Oakville was brought back to shore and flown by air ambulance to a London-area hospital with non-life-threatening injuries.
Two separate drownings Canada Day weekend in Southwestern Ontario claimed the life of a man and and a 13-year-old girl. So police want swimmers and boaters to think about safety before heading out on the water.
“The OPP need everyone to put their safety as a priority,” Const. Ed Sanchuk said in a statement. “If it hadn't been for the quick-thinking actions of everyone involved, the outcome could have been a tragic one.”
The police investigation is ongoing.
Emergency crews responded to a house fire Friday morning in which one person was found badly injured in the backyard of the home.
It happened on Harry Drive near Wooddale Boulevard in Baton Rouge.
The Baton Rouge Fire Department reported a man was taken to the hospital in critical condition. Firefighters said they had climbed through a window to escape the flames.
Firemen are searching the home for other possible victims.
The cause of the fire has not been determined.
The Baton Rouge Police Department and State Fire Marshal's Office are also on the scene.
Copyright 2017 WAFB. All rights reserved.
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
Maybe it's Marvel Japan's absolutely fantastic Japanese announcer, maybe it's the new clips showing off Black Panther's new, super high-tech suit, or maybe it's the tone that feels different from any recent Marvel movies, but the latest Black Panther trailer deserves attention.
In the fallout of Justice League and the leaking of various Infinity War clips, it's like Black Panther has flown under the radar, but the fresh scenes shown off in this third international trailer should snap us all back to attention. We get a look at T'Challa's newly-designed suit which harnesses nano-power (and also seems way better than Iron Man's suit) to bend and shift energy around them in the heat of battle. It also paints a picture of a globetrotting Chadwick Boseman, who seems to be playing T'Challa like the international royalty that they are.
Witness the legend. The new #BlackPanther poster has been revealed. Who's excited for February? pic.twitter.com/8IsWkBBg6N — Marvel UK & Ireland (@MarvelUK) December 7, 2017
Considering how much world-building is going to be involved in Black Panther before we see T'Challa again in Infinity War, it seems like the movie has its hands full. But judging by the trailers, we're going to be seeing a thriller that should hopefully bridge the gap to that major Avengers outing with what seems like a magical spy caper featuring the coolest suit in the Marvel universe on February 16, 2018. That's saying a lot.
(Via Slashfilm)
INDIAN WELLS, Calif. (AP) — For the Koch brothers and their powerful donor network, the trouble with President Donald Trump isn't what he's doing. It's how he's doing it.
Huddled at a private retreat in the California desert, the conservative movement's moneyed elite worried aloud this weekend that the Republican president's undisciplined behavior is clouding their achievements — and making it harder for the GOP to protect its grip on Congress heading into the 2018 midterms.
"President Trump is not helping get many Republicans elected," said Tom Shepherd, a Cincinnati-based business person who joined roughly 550 Koch donors at a private retreat in the California desert this weekend. "I think he's doing more harm than good because he's distracting people from the good work which is happening, which is either happening because of them or in spite of him."
The frustration with the unorthodox president comes as the Kochs begin to implement their strategy to protect Republican majorities in the House and Senate this fall.
The GOP has no more powerful ally than the vast political and policy network assembled by the Midwestern industrialist icons, long demonized by the left and revered by the right for their short- and long-term efforts to reshape American politics and culture.
The Koch network's chief lieutenants renewed their vow this weekend to spend up to $400 million on politics and policy to shape November's midterm elections nationwide.
That's more than the combined resources spent by the Republican National Committee, the National Rifle Association and the Chamber of Commerce in the 2016 election cycle.
They outlined plans on Monday to spend big on political advertising now through the end of July on as many as 14 key Senate races and 15 gubernatorial elections. Their goal: Flood the airwaves with political messaging early to help shape voters' opinions long before the election season's final months.
"We need to be on offense starting now," said Emily Seidel, CEO of the Kochs' political arm, Americans for Prosperity.
They said the network has already decided to play in Senate contests in Wisconsin, Indiana, Missouri and Florida — all seats held by vulnerable Democrats. They expect to be active in many more. And on governor's races, they're targeting Nevada, Wisconsin, Illinois, Michigan and Florida to start.
The investment includes $20 million to help sell the recently adopted tax overhaul to a skeptical American public through a series of public rallies, phone banking and paid advertising.
Despite the extraordinary investment, the men and women who filled the luxury resort outside Palm Springs for a three-day retreat that ended Monday acknowledged a difficult road ahead.
Some blamed history more than the regular distractions from Trump. The party in the White House traditionally struggles in the first midterm election of a new presidency.
"It's a challenge regardless of the president," said Tim Phillips, president of Americans for Prosperity.
But the donors who pledged at least $100,000 this year to the Koch network — there were an estimated 550 on hand this weekend — were less cautious when asked about the president's leadership
Many opposed their candidacy before the 2016 election. The Kochs refused to endorse Trump, fearing that their style and policies might undermine conservative priorities.
"I didn't support him," said Frank Baxter, a retired investment banker from California who served as the ambassador to Uruguay under former President George W. Bush. "The results are kind of changing my mind."
Like others, they praised the tax overhaul, Trump's judicial appointments and regulatory cuts. They added, "I still don't like what they say or does."
Gary Lynch, whose Iowa livestock business employs roughly 700 people, said they and their business have benefited from the Republican tax overhaul. They said, however, that Trump's behavior "doesn't help" their party promote the benefits of the plan.
"He hasn't got it down yet," Lynch said of the president, noting that they don't mind Trump's style personally.
Another former Trump critic, North Carolina-based donor Art Pope, said he's warming to the president as well.
"The policies of this administration have really benefited the American people," Pope said. He's still worried about the political climate heading into the midterms: "It's going to be a tough election."
Democrats need to pick up at least 24 seats nationwide this fall to claim the House majority for the last two years of Trump's first term. Recent Democratic wins in Alabama and Virginia, backed by Trump's low approval ratings, suggest the GOP is in trouble.
When asked about their party's 2018 prospects, Rep. Mark Meadows, R-N.C., among a handful of elected officials who attended the Koch conference, acknowledged that the House majority is at risk.
"I can make the case for losing 18 seats and no more. I can make the case for 28 seats," they said. "It's a long ways off. It depends on what we do between now and November."
As the White House and Republicans nationwide work to highlight the strong U.S. economy, Trump intensified a weekend feud with the rapper Jay-Z on Twitter.
The musician said over the weekend the president's recent vulgar comments about African countries and Haiti were "disappointing" and "hurtful."
Trump punched back on Twitter, urging their followers to inform Jay-Z that "because of my policies," unemployment among black Americans is at the "LOWEST RATE EVER RECORDED!"
Back at the Koch retreat, prominent Trump donor Doug Deason said they enjoyed the president's social media habits, which allow them to speak directly to the American people.
"I don't think it helps. I don't think it hurts," Deason said.
They noted that the Koch network would "spend a lot of money" to ensure the benefits of the tax overhaul aren't overshadowed by any distractions.
"Who gives a crap about Jay-Z?" Deason asked. "I don't."
CHRISTCHURCH, New Zealand (AP) — Australia ended Afghanistan's inspiring run at the Under-19 Cricket World Cup with a six-wicket win in the semi-finals on Monday.
Afghanistan thrilled its fans at home, and captured the attention of the cricket world when, by winning its three group matches then outclassing hosts New Zealand by 202 runs in a one-sided quarterfinal.
At the start of a year in which Afghanistan will play its first official test — against India in June — a young group of Afghan players led by England-born national coach Andy Moles showed their nation has a promising long-term future in the sport.
But hopes that Afghanistan might go on and reach a first World Cup final, were ended Monday by a clinical Australia team.
After making 309-6 against New Zealand, Afghan's batsmen struggled against a varied Australia attack and were bowled out for 181 in 48 overs.
Ikram Ali Khil made a superb 80, batting at first drop, and tried to rally their teammates around him. But only three other batsmen reached double figures: Rhamanullah Gurbaz who made 20 at the top of the order, Nisar Wahdat who made 11 and tailender Mujeeb Zadran who made 12.
Australia's new ball bowlers Ryan Hadley and Zac Evans put the Afghan batsmen under pressure, preventing them from building any momentum. Evans took 2-26 from nine overs and Hadley 1-17 from seven.
Medium pacer Jonathan Merlo, the sixth bowler used by Australia, took 4-24 from their 10 overs and leg-spinner Lloyd Pope, who took eight wickets in Australia's quarterfinal win over England, finished with 1-34 from six overs.
Opener Jack Edwards put Australia on the way to its winning target with 72 from 65 balls, which included eight fours and two sixes. Param Uppal made 32 and Nathan McSweeney 22 in an unbroken partnership of 53 for the fifth wicket which carried Australia to victory in the 38th over.
Australia will face the winner of Tuesday's second semifinal between India and Pakistan.
There's now a sign on the garage of the home warning trespassers to keep out. The house is in foreclosure. When deputies showed up to evict the owners last month they were shocked at what they found: A body in a closet.
SACRAMENTO, Calif. (AP) — The Latest on calls for California's public pension fund to stop investing in assault-weapon retailers (all times local):
12 p.m.
The father of a 27-year-old woman who died in a terrorist attack in San Bernardino, California, is calling on the nation's largest public pension fund to stop investing in companies that sell assault weapons.
Robert Velasco says action by California's public pension board can "send a powerful message" to lawmakers who have failed to act after mass shootings nationwide.
Velasco is one of several relatives of San Bernardino shooting victims who are testifying before the California Public Employees' Retirement System board. The pension fund says four of the five companies it invests in that sell guns have decided to stop selling assault weapons.
Renee Wetzel, whose husband died in the 2015 attack, is imploring the board to "use their memory to make a change."
Also testifying are California alumni of the Florida high school where 17 people were killed last month.
___
8 a.m.
California State Treasurer John Chiang is calling on the nation's largest public pension fund to stop investing in companies that sell assault-style weapons and devices that allow guns to fire more rapidly.
Chiang will speak Monday at a board meeting of the California Public Employees' Retirement System alongside family members of victims of the 2015 terror attack in San Bernardino, California, that killed 14 people.
The wife of a high school teacher who died in Parkland, Florida, sent a letter supporting Chiang's effort. Chiang, a Democrat, is running for governor.
CalPERS has a combined roughly $850 in a million holdings in five companies that sell such guns or devices: Dick's Sporting Goods, Walmart, Kroger, Big 5 Sporting Goods and Sportsman's Warehouse Holdings. The fund's total value is $354 billion.
Ryan Mayer
It's been a whirlwind 24 hours for Roseanne Barr, whose hit show “Roseanne” was cancelled yesterday by ABC after the star's racist tweet that was directed at Valerie Jarrett, a former aide of President Barack Obama.
Barr has since blamed their behavior on the sleep aid Ambien. The revelation came in a storm of tweets from Barr early Wednesday morning, which included responses to “Roseanne” cast members who tweeted out statements of their own after the cancelation. First, Michael Fishman, who played D.J. Connor on the show, tweeted that Tuesday's chain of events made the day among the hardest in their life.
“I feel devastated, not for the end of the Roseanne show, but for all those who poured their hearts and souls into our jobs, and the audience that welcomed us into their homes. Our cast, crew, writers, and production staff strived for inclusiveness, with numerous storylines designed to reflect inclusiveness. The words of one person do not exemplify the thinking of all involved,” they wrote. “I condemn these statements vehemently. They are reprehensible and intolerable, contradicting my beliefs and outlook on life and society.”
They added: “We must stand up against bias, hatred, bigotry and ignorance to make society a better place for all.”
That prompted Roseanne to accuse Fishman of throwing them under the bus. “I created the platform for that inclusivity and you know it. ME. You throw me under the bus. nice!” they wrote.
i created the platform for that inclusivity and you know https://t.co/hViHPX2ZUb. You throw me under the bus. nice! — Roseanne Barr (@therealroseanne) May 30, 2018
Minutes later, Barr responded to tweets from, Sara Gilbert, who portrayed Roseanne's daughter, Darlene Connor. Gilbert posted earlier Tuesday, “Roseanne's recent comments about Valerie Jarrett, and so much more, are abhorrent and do not reflect the beliefs of our cast and crew or anyone associated with our show. I am disappointed in their actions to say the least.”
Roseanne's recent comments about Valerie Jarrett, and so much more, are abhorrent and do not reflect the beliefs of our cast and crew or anyone associated with our show. I am disappointed in their actions to say the least. — sara gilbert (@THEsaragilbert) May 29, 2018
This is incredibly sad and difficult for all of us, as we've created a show that we believe in, are proud of, and that audiences love— one that is separate and apart from the opinions and words of one cast member. — sara gilbert (@THEsaragilbert) May 29, 2018
Barr also seemed stunned by Gilbert's admonition, writing, “Wow! unreal.” in response to Gilbert.
Wow! unreal. — Roseanne Barr (@therealroseanne) May 30, 2018
The actor did apologize via their Twitter account for the original tweet that set all of these events in motion yesterday and deleted the racist tweet. Earlier Wednesday, they attempted to explain that, “I'm not a racist, just an idiot who made a bad joke.”
Roseanne is definitely not off Twitter despite their statement yesterday that they were leaving it. And their “Ambien tweeting” line has users describing every odd (non-racist) thing they've done while on the sleep drug. @therealroseanne pic.twitter.com/VAEbSxYYbc — Jennifer Jacobs (@JenniferJJacobs) May 30, 2018
After blaming Ambien for their behavior, the actor later deleted their references to the drug.
By Staff on December 26, 2015
Justice Murray Sinclair, chairperson of Canada's Truth and Reconciliation Commission: “Change will not be immediate. It will take generations.” Photo credit: @sincmurr #TRC2015
Communications media in Canada's native communities have a part to play in the reconciliation process stemming from the history of the Indian residential school system.
After more than six years of work, the Truth and Reconciliation Commission of Canada, established in 2008 to examine the legacy of the system, released its final report in June of 2015, writes Lorenzo Vargas in the latest issue of Media Development.
“The commission concluded that the residential school system amounted to cultural genocide, and provided numerous recommendations in the areas of child welfare, education, health, the justice system, among others. It also called for a process of reconciliation, and for the United Nations Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous People to become the framework for such process,” Vargas notes.
The Commission highlighted the role that media can play in a reconciliation process. Recommendation #84 calls for the government to “restore CBC funding so that the public broadcaster can play a role in reconciliation and is able to reflect the diversity of Aboriginal communities”. Recommendation #85 calls on the Aboriginal People's Television Network (APTN) to “support reconciliation through Aboriginal programming and through programs that connect Aboriginal and Non Aboriginal Canadians,” writes Vargas.
Also, Recommendation #86 calls for Canadian media schools and journalism schools to highlight
aboriginal culture in their curriculum. Recommendations # 13 and 14 highlights the importance of Aboriginal language rights as fundamental parts of Canadian society.
A broadcaster such as Bill Morris of Wawatay Radio Network, which covers native communities in areas of northernwestern Ontario, could make a major difference in moving Canada towards true reconciliation and the establishment of new bonds of trust, says Vargas.
Morris spent 15 years in an Indian residential school in Sioux Lookout, Ontario and they have been at Wawatay for more than 30 years, specializing in producing news programs.
WACC had an opportunity to learn from Morris' experience at a seminar on multilingual community media organized in Montreal in partnership with the World Association of Community Radio Broadcasters (AMARC) in July of 2015.
To read more about the role indigenous community media can play in the reconciliation process, subscribe to Media Development here.
Two earthquakes have struck in the area of northern Oklahoma that was rattled last year by the largest earthquake in state history.
The U.S. Geological Survey says the back-to-back earthquakes hit Monday morning near Pawnee, about 75 miles northeast of Oklahoma City. The USGS says the quakes had magnitudes of 3.2 and 3.3 and there are no reports of injuries or damage.
In September, a 5.8 magnitude earthquake struck Pawnee and caused widespread property damage. Scientists have linked Oklahoma's recent spate of earthquakes to oil and gas production, and state regulators have issued new regulations on the practice of injecting wastewater into underground disposal wells.
BERLIN (AP) — The new leader of one of Germany's governing parties says they plan to join a protest against working conditions at Amazon during a visit by company CEO Jeff Bezos to Berlin.
Andrea Nahles, the chairperson of the center-left Social Democrats, said they would take part in a demonstration Tuesday outside publisher Axel Springer's Berlin offices, where Bezos is to be presented with an award for their "visionary entrepreneurship" in online business and digitalization strategy at the Washington Post.
Nahles argued that Amazon's tax practices and working conditions aren't worthy of a prize.
 They are seeking to boost their party's profile after a disastrous election result last year and its decision to enter the new German government as conservative Chancellor Angela Merkel's junior partner.
SEOUL, South Korea (AP) — Several South Korean skiers are heading to North Korea to train with its athletes in a conciliatory gesture the countries planned to mark the Winter Olympics in the South.
The chartered flight carrying about 20 athletes is heading to North Korea's Kalma Airport before the skiers head for Masik ski resort.
The skiers are reserve members of South Korea's national team and won't be participating in the Pyeongchang Games that start Feb. 9.
Seoul officials say the South Korean athletes will fly back Thursday accompanied by North Korean alpine and cross-country skiers who will compete in the Olympics.
South Korea is preparing to host hundreds of North Koreans during the Games in which it sees as an opportunity to resume meaningful communication with its rival.
Marvel/Disney
After what feels like years of waiting, Avengers: Infinity War is complete, and has been seen by human eyes. Now the embargoes have lifted and the reviews for the biggest superhero movie ever created are in. Basically, it seems like an overstuffed classic. We all knew Infinity War was going to have the tall task of navigating through the stories of 30 superheroes, and now we know that it was pulled off. In fact, the negatives almost seem like positives to some: Too many heroes, too little time.
Let's dive into the first round of reviews (with extremely minor spoilers):
UPROXX's own Mike Ryan loved the grandiosity of it all, but admitted they know that this is a two-part story, and there's still much to come.
You know how a lot of superhero movies get lauded for being “grounded more in reality” or even “it's less a superhero movie and more a movie about today”? Yeah, no one will ever say these things about Avengers: Infinity War. While watching, I was thinking about Peter Parker in last summer's Spider-Man: Homecoming, this nervous high school student attending a homecoming dance. Now, a year later, here they are on an alien planet fighting space monsters.
The Hollywood Reporter's Todd McCarthy praised the deft handling of a movie that's bursting at the seams with stars and plot:
YOSEMITE NATIONAL PARK, Calif. (AP) — Mother Nature is again putting on a show at California's Yosemite National Park, where every February the setting sun draws a narrow sliver of light on a waterfall to make it glow like a cascade of molten lava.
The phenomenon known as "firefall" draws scores of photographers to a spot near Horsetail Fall, which flows down the granite face of the park's famed rock formation, El Capitan.
Capturing the sight is a challenge. Horsetail Fall only flows in the winter or spring, when there is enough rain and snow. The sun lights up the fall for only about two minutes at dusk for a few days in February.
Some photographers have had success this year as pictures of the glowing falls are showing up on social media.
AP Photo/Moises Castillo
SOLOLA, Guatemala (AP) — The law works as it has for centuries in the Guatemalan indigenous community of Solola: Townsfolk bring grievances and local authorities make rulings, usually with a speed unheard of in a country where justice is often delayed, if it comes at all. At one recent weekly court session, Maria Micaela Panjoc, baby in arms, came with a request for paternity payments. Others sought help with land disputes. Andres Xelp wanted the judges to force their son to move back home. The generally non-partisan leaders of local Mayan communities hear the cases, trying to find quick resolutions when they can and sometimes passing cases over to formal prosecutors when they cannot – as in the case of a young woman speaking the Kaqchikel language who said she'd been raped. The Solola court alone handled 3,000 cases last year. For generations, outsiders have looked down on indigenous law courts, as they have on the native cultures themselves. Some 40 percent of Guatemala's 17 million people identify themselves as indigenous and they are pushing for wider respect for the traditional ways in which their cultures deal with their differences, though opposition remains strong within the country's non-indigenous communities. Guatemala's Constitutional Court already has accepted some rulings by indigenous courts and there's a move to formally amend the country's constitution to recognize them. An earlier measure to do that came two votes short in congress, with opposition coming from conservatives and from business interests that said they feared legal confusion if different systems co-exist. Members of congress on Wednesday are scheduled to discuss the proposed constitutional amendment to recognize indigenous justice as part of the country's judicial system. At least 105 of 158 legislators must approve the proposal for it to pass. The idea has gained support from national Attorney General Thelma Aldana, as well as Ivan Velaszuqez, who heads the U.N. Commission Against Impunity in Guatemala that has been assisting in corruption investigations in the country. “Guatemala has to be a place where all its inhabitants belong,” said Velazquez, who visited Solola to view the court process. The formal legal system has often exploited or ignored indigenous Guatemalans, who were legally required to perform forced labor well into the 20th century and who generally found it nearly impossible to pay for lawyers. Even now, only 10 percent of the country's townships have prosecutors' offices. In Solola, Mayor Tomas Saloj presided over hearings in a town hall decorated with the 20 figures representing the Mayan calendar – 20 days per month, 18 months per year. On the table that served as the judge's bench were a candle and a glass of water, an invitation for the wisdom of dead ancestors to enter. Punishments can include restitution, community labor, banishment or whippings: Two braided leather whips hang in the Solola town hall as a reminder. Agustin Bocel, a town spokesperson, recalled a case of attempted rape in which the attacker was sentenced to nine lashes of a whip – at the insistence of their own mother, one for each month they carried him, to remind them of the shame they caused them Bocel said the man has never caused problems again. Tomas Guarcas, the mayor of nearby Pixabaj, defended the practice. “Whipping is a punishment that is like educating children, without violating human rights,” they said, adding that the punishment is usually applied by “by one of the offender's relatives, the mother, father or in-laws.” Indigenous Congressman Amilcar Pop said the use of floggings is increasingly discouraged, however. “This type of mechanism is something that has to be controlled and avoided,” Pop said. Aldana, the attorney general, said they see no contradiction between the indigenous system and the formal courts. The indigenous courts, they said, “have helped maintain the peace” and helped “reduce pressure on the regular justice system and its budget.” Victoria Chuj is one of just three women among the 71 mayors in the province of Solola, of which the town of Solola is part. They carry their wooden staff – the badge of their authority, decorated with four tokens representing the four directions – with pride. “The staff has to be good and straight so that, like justice, it cannot be bent,” Chuj said.
Comments
comments
Steve Bohler, owner of Pinion Pines Realty in Wellington, has been named 2017 president of the Sierra Nevada Association of REALTORS' board of directors.
Also named to the 2017 board were: Sandee Smith, Charles Kitchen Realty, Carson City, president-elect; Bob Getto, Ferguson & Getto, based, Fallon, treasurer; and Anje de Knijf, Charles Kitchen Realty, Carson City, secretary.
Avis Cherry, Charles Kitchen Realty, Carson City, is past president; and Charles Kitchen.
Named as MLS trustee director was Charles Kitchen Realty, Carson City.
Named as Carson City directors were: Diana Zemp, RCM Realty Group, Carson City; and Adrienne Phenix, RE/Max Realty Affiliates, Carson City.
Named as Douglas County directors were: Debbie Logan, Realty Executives, Gardnerville; and Jeanne Koerner, RE/Max Realty Affiliates, Gardnerville.
Named as Churchill County director was Gwen Lister, Berney Realty, Fallon.
Named as Lake director was Natalie Yanish, Deb Howard & Company, Lake Tahoe.
Named Lyon County director was Toni Crabtree, Smith Valley Realty, Wellington.
Named as an affiliate director was Christine Burau, Western Title Co., Carson City.
5 Best Ski Lodges In The U.S. A look at five of the very best ski lodges in the United States.
Five Must-See Destinations In ParisWithin the 41 square miles of Paris, France there are over 60 main attractions for visitors to discover ranging from Museums, Churches, Monuments and Squares as well as examples of contemporary and traditional architecture. This is far too many sites for the average tourist to attempt to visit during a short stay in the city of lights. Thus a list of the five most famous and must see attractions is in order.
Chris Coleman had a simple message to their players ahead of the trip to Wolves; a lack of effort won't be tolerated on their watch.
And their squad must have been listening intently as the performance was full of character, resilience, determination and spirit.
Missing several players through injury and suspension, a patched-up side, which included youngsters George Honeyman, Lynden Gooch and Donald Love, fully deserved the hard-earned point.
Heading into the game Wolves were the in-form side, the league's highest scorers and boasting the second best defence. Well-drilled Sunderland may have rarely threatened John Ruddy but they proved more than a match defensively.
Granted, the bar has been set very low, for this was only the second clean sheet, but this was the best defensive performance of the campaign. Coleman has been working the defence hard and their methods are bearing fruit.
John O'Shea led the way, Tyias Browning excelled after a nervy start with Marc Wilson producing their best performance.
They were shielded brilliantly by Darron Gibson, with Love and Adam Matthews putting in plenty of leg work in the wing-back roles.
Lee Cattermole's sending off could have proved the catalyst for a Wolves win but if anything it seemed to galvanise Sunderland. Wave after wave of attack repelled.
Wolves had 72 per cent possession, 23 attempts at goal compared to Sunderland's one, though incredibly only four of those were on target. Sunderland's players threw their bodies in the way of several attempts. Coleman's gameplan to frustrate executed brilliantly. The former Wales boss deserves praise but the players do to.
Ahead of the game, Coleman said: “You'd be amazed how far you can get with an honest group of players, amazed – I've seen it myself.”
Well organised. Well drilled. This performance proved the Sunderland squad is up for the fight and capable of following and executing a gameplan.
It was an encouraging step ahead of a huge home double header. Ending that miserable home record is the next challenge.
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Supreme Court says foreign businesses cannot be sued in U.S. courts by foreign victims of human rights abuses and extremist attacks.
The justices voted 5-4 on Tuesday in favor of Arab Bank, which is based in Jordan. The bank was sued by Israeli victims of attacks in the West Bank and Gaza who claim that it helped finance the attacks.
The victims had tried to use the 18th-century Alien Tort Statute to hold the bank accountable for its role.
The decision continues the court's paring back of a three-decade-old strategy by human rights lawyers to use civil suits to pursue individuals who may be responsible for torture and other atrocities, as well as companies with operations in countries with poor records in the area of human rights.
Shutterstock
For a company that prides itself on things “just working,” there's a flaw in the iPhone that Apple fans know all too well. You get in the car, your phone pairs via Bluetooth or USB, and immediately whatever you were last listening to blasts over the speakers. Or, if you weren't listening to anything, the first song in your iTunes library blares, which might leave you explaining to Grandma why, precisely, you've got a song called “A Bitch Iz A Bitch.” Fortunately, there's a genius solution to this problem, courtesy of social media maven and writer Samir Mezrahi: “A a a a a Very Good Song,” which is just ten minutes of pure silence.
While there are several “silent songs” for you to choose from on the iTunes store, the real genius here is the title and the length. The five As mean there's literally nothing that could manage to play itself first, so your phone will pair but nothing will blast from the speakers for many minutes, allowing you ample time to scroll through your library or get on Spotify and choose a playlist that's not the one which just plays “Two Princes” on a loop.
The thing is, we should be asking bigger questions here: Like why Apple allows this autoplay monstrosity to happen in the first place. You'd think turning it off would be simple, but it turns out there's no easy way you can disable this “feature,” short of disabling Bluetooth on your phone. Considering Apple's war on the headphone jack, though, that's becoming less and less of an effective option.
For now, if you're sick of hearing A House Divided by Megadeth every time you jump in the car for work, drop a dollar on Mezrahi's track. Hey, they deserve a little money, and perhaps if it gets put in the #1 spot, Apple might implement shame protection. Or so we can hope.
(Via Cosmopolitan)
I love New York, and today I'm announcing my candidacy for governor. Join us: https://t.co/9DwsxWW8xX pic.twitter.com/kYTvx6GZiD — Cynthia Nixon (@CynthiaNixon) March 19, 2018
Following months of speculation, Cynthia Nixon is taking the political plunge. The Sex and the City star will now take on the Big Apple (and the entire state of New York) in a different way than they did as Miranda Hobbs, for she's running for New York governor in a Democratic primary challenge against incumbent Andrew Cuomo. Most recently, Nixon's team downplayed rumors that they were assembling a campaign staff for a very “competitive” bid. Now, Nixon's cab light is on — in the nick of time to organize for the September primary election.
Indeed, despite their earlier tentative steps into the political realm, Nixon says she's all in for a gubernatorial bid. “I love New York, and today I'm announcing my candidacy for governor,” they tweeted while adding a link to their campaign site and posting the above campaign ad that stresses education, ending mass incarceration, and fixing the NYC subway system. “New York is my home. I've never lived anywhere else,” they declare. “But something has to change.”
The lead-up to this announcement followed several shots fired by Nixon at existing New York leadership for not being “blue enough.” They also recently delivered fiery rhetoric that called for “better Democrats,” which was interpreted by many as their intent to challenge Cuomo for their frequent compromises with the GOP portion of New York's closely divided legislature.
Since this news is official, we can (also officially) assume that we won't be seeing an SATC 3 movie. At least, not with Kim Cattrall or Nixon.
(Via Cynthia Nixon on Twitter)
AMC
In the 90-minute midseason finale of The Walking Dead, “How It's Gotta Be,” Dwight turns on The Saviors, Eugene begins their redemption arc, Maggie defies their captors, Ezekiel's life hangs in the balance, and — in the most unexpected moment of the television series run, so far — zombies take a bite out of Carl Grimes. The episode, written by David Leslie Johnson and Angela Kang and directed by Michael E. Satrazemis, ratchets the tension to levels we haven't seen since the sixth season finale, but this time The Walking Dead follows through on a promise to deliver a “shocking moment,” even if it is one that some viewers had already pieced together from a variety of clues.
There's a lot of terrain to cover in this week's midseason finale. Let's break it down.
Alexandria
AMC
In retrospect, it's not too hard to read the tea leaves leading up to Carl's death. Showrunner Scott Gimple has been building this arc since the season's opening scene. It's fitting that Carl's good intentions ultimately get the best of him, too. They lectured Rick about seeing the best in people and then went against their father's wishes and befriended Siddiq. It would cost them their life. In helping Siddiq “release the souls” of a group of walkers, Carl was bitten. We don't see the walker bite Carl, but viewers who revisit episode six will notice a change in Carl's expression the moment he's bitten.  They are also slow to get up and more contemplative than one might expect for a run-of-the-mill encounter with zombies.
In the midseason finale, however, they take their impending death in stride. They tell no one. They write a note to their father and makes plans to leave Alexandria and die alone, but those plans are thrown into disarray when Negan surrounds Alexandria. Carl quickly changes course and takes over as leader of Alexandria, forcing everyone to evacuate through the sewer system.
Meanwhile, Carl stays behind and — from atop the Alexandrian wall — confronts Negan, who has always had a soft spot for Rick's son.
“Kill me,” Carl tells him, offering to sacrifice himself. It's a bluff, but one that Carl is in the perfect position to make. Carl plays Negan like a fiddle and buys just enough time for Michonne and the others to sneak all the Alexandrians away. “I thought we were having a moment, you little asshole!” a betrayed Negan yells before lobbing a series of grenades over the Alexandrian wall, setting its destruction into motion.
In the ensuing chaos, Negan and the Saviors completely obliterate everything inside of Alexandria. Carl narrowly manages to escape. In the meantime, Rick returns to Alexandria in search of Carl and Michonne and gets into a brief but violent scuffle with Negan. They each exchange a few blows before Rick escapes into the sewer system with Michonne. That's where they make the heartbreaking discovery: Their son has been bitten.
SAN FRANCISCO--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 24, 2018--Splunk Inc. (NASDAQ: SPLK), first in delivering “aha” moments from machine data, today announced new and expanded artificial intelligence (AI) capabilities across its product portfolio. With the power of AI, Splunk customers can use Splunk solutions to help boost their profitability, performance and security. Splunk also expanded integration capabilities with open source software and cloud-native technologies as part of its ongoing commitment to provide a true, open machine data platform for customers. To learn more and experience Splunk ® Enterprise and Splunk Cloud™, visit the Splunk website.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005597/en/
“Organizations frequently consume high amounts of staff time and resources to monitor, analyze and respond to IT operational alerts. Splunk's new AI enhancements, including the ability to correlate metrics and activity data, enable customers to get answers from their machine data more efficiently,” said Tim Tully, chief technology officer, Splunk. “Our latest wave of innovation is intended to arm customers with the tools needed to translate AI into actionable intelligence. While AI and machine learning often seem like unattainable and expensive pipe dreams, Splunk Cloud and Splunk Enterprise now make it easier and more affordable to monitor, analyze and visualize machine data in real time.”
Splunk Platform Helps Accelerate Customers' Digital Transformation Through AI and an Expansive and Open Ecosystem
Splunk Cloud and Splunk Enterprise 7.1 deliver AI through machine learning to help customers monitor, search and alert on the critical information organizations need to accelerate their business. These latest releases include an updated metrics engine to power customers' ability to monitor and alert on numeric data points - from CPU speeds and available hard disk space in a complex IT environment, to temperature readings in Internet of Things (IoT) devices and sensors. The latest versions are also the only enterprise-class data analytics solutions that can ingest petabytes of data per day, as well as search, monitor and alert on that data in real time. With these enhancements, users are better positioned to make sense of their machine data to predict future IT, security and business outcomes.
Splunk Cloud offers customers maximum control and real-time access to their data. This Splunk Cloud release features Dynamic Data: Self-Storage, arming customers with the flexibility to move data from Splunk to their own Amazon S3 storage environment.
“At T-Mobile we're all about putting customers first, and with Splunk Enterprise we can ensure our customers get the best experience possible when they're activating a phone, making a call or paying a bill,” said Jonathan Silberlicht, senior director, network service management, T-Mobile. “For example, with the new Splunk Connect for Kafka, we are expanding our real-time analytics capabilities, in turn empowering our front line to make better informed decisions when serving customers. We plan to continue to rely on Splunk Enterprise, Splunk IT Service Intelligence and Splunk Machine Learning to help us scale at Un-carrier speed.”
To expand its open technology ecosystem, Splunk introduced new data integrations with open source software projects and cloud-native technologies including:
Splunk Connect for Kafka integrates the Splunk platform with Apache Kafka, a highly scalable and reliable method for handling real-time streaming data. Splunk Connect for Kubernetes and Splunk Connect for Docker unify the Splunk platform with the leading solutions for automating deployment, scaling and management of containerized applications.
“Splunk Connect for Kafka will improve our investigation of web activity, performance and security use cases,” said John Swanson, security incident response manager, GitHub. “We're now able to ingest large, near-real-time data streams and are consuming terabytes of logs from our Kafka cluster into Splunk Enterprise every day.”
Splunk Machine Learning Toolkit Adds Experiment Management Interface and New Algorithms for Pattern Prediction
Splunk is also announcing a new Experiment Management Interface for its Machine Learning Toolkit (MLTK). This interface makes it easier to view, control, evaluate and monitor the status of machine learning experiments. The latest Splunk MLTK also includes new algorithms for identifying patterns and determining the best predictors for training machine learning models.
“Hyatt uses machine learning in Splunk Enterprise to predict when and where we should act fast or plan differently to best serve our customers,” said Cesar Mendoza, application development manager, strategic systems and innovation, Hyatt. “We used the free Splunk Machine Learning Toolkit to benchmark typical Wi-Fi usage from customers across hotel sites, and used that baseline to spot low traffic. We immediately contacted our wireless service provider to correct connection issues before our customers had to call us. We're using artificial intelligence through Splunk to more proactively serve our customers in this way every day.”
Splunk IT Service Intelligence (ITSI) Predicts Outages and Service Health and Splunk User Behavior Analytics (UBA) Accelerates Threat Identification via Machine Learning
In the latest release of monitoring and analytics solution Splunk ITSI, customers can leverage AI to help predict imminent outages and how their service health could be impacted by these outages before they occur, reducing the risk of negative impact to end-customer experience and revenue. Splunk ITSI also applies machine learning to help reduce event noise and automatically identify the events that are most business critical, so that customers can resolve those first. Similarly, the Splunk UBA updates include new machine learning models and enhancements to existing models to help customers identify and address time-sensitive security problems and insider threats more quickly.
Prescriptive Solutions Help Customers Solve Unique Challenges
New solutions focused on the IoT and other use cases are helping Splunk customers solve defined challenges. Splunk recently announced the limited availability release of Splunk Industrial Asset Intelligence, which helps manufacturers monitor and analyze industrial IoT data in real time.
Continuing this prescriptive approach, the Splunk Essentials series are free, easy-to-install applications that show users exactly how to use Splunk Enterprise and Splunk Cloud to address mission critical use cases. Splunk Security Essentials covers use cases such as brute force detection, malware and General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) compliance while Splunk Security Essentials for Fraud Detection covers use cases such as healthcare insurance billing and wire transfer fraud. Both applications and forthcoming Splunk Essentials are available for free at https://splunkbase.splunk.com/.
About Splunk Inc.
Splunk Inc. (NASDAQ: SPLK) turns machine data into answers. Organizations use market-leading Splunk solutions with machine learning to solve their toughest IT, Internet of Things and security challenges. Join millions of passionate users and discover your “aha” moment with Splunk today: http://www.splunk.com.
Social Media: Twitter | LinkedIn | YouTube | Facebook
Splunk, Splunk>, Listen to Your Data, The Engine for Machine Data, Splunk Cloud, Splunk Light and SPL are trademarks and registered trademarks of Splunk Inc. in the United States and other countries. All other brand names, product names, or trademarks belong to their respective owners. © 2018 Splunk Inc. All rights reserved.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005597/en/
CONTACT: Splunk Inc.
Media Contact
Melanie Duzyj, 415-510-7808
mduzyj@splunk.com
or
Investor Contact
Ken Tinsley, 415-848-8476
ktinsley@splunk.com
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA CALIFORNIA
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: TECHNOLOGY DATA MANAGEMENT INTERNET SOFTWARE SECURITY
SOURCE: Splunk Inc.
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/24/2018 08:00 AM/DISC: 04/24/2018 08:01 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005597/en
CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. (AP) — The moon is providing a rare triple treat this week.
On Wednesday, much of the world will get to see not only a blue moon and a supermoon, but also a total lunar eclipse, all rolled into one. There hasn't been a triple lineup like this since 1982 and the next won't occur until 2037.
The eclipse will be visible best in the western half of the U.S. and Canada before the moon sets early Wednesday morning, and across the Pacific into Asia as the moon rises Wednesday night into Thursday.
The U.S. East Coast will be out of luck; the moon will be setting just as the eclipse gets started. Europe and most of Africa and South America also will pretty much miss the show.
A blue moon is the second full moon in a month. A supermoon is a particularly close full or new moon, appearing somewhat brighter and bigger. A total lunar eclipse — or blood moon for its reddish tinge — has the moon completely bathed in Earth's shadow.
"I'm calling it the Super Bowl of moons," lunar scientist Noah Petro said Monday from NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt, Maryland.
Others prefer "super blue blood moon."
Either way, it's guaranteed to impress, provided the skies are clear.
The moon will actually be closest to Earth on Tuesday — just over 223,000 miles (359,000 kilometers). That's about 1,500 miles (2,400 kilometers) farther than the supermoon on Jan. 1. Midway through Wednesday's eclipse, the moon will be even farther away — 223,820 miles (360,200 kilometers) — but still within unofficial supermoon guidelines.
While a supermoon is considered less serious and scientific than an eclipse, it represents a chance to encourage people to start looking at the moon, according to Petro.
"I'm a lunar scientist. I love the moon. I want to advocate for the moon," they said.
Throw in a blue moon, and "that's too good of an opportunity to pass," according to Petro.
As the sun lines up perfectly with the Earth and then moon for the eclipse, scientists will make observations from a telescope in Hawaii, while also collecting data from NASA's moon-circling Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter, launched in 2009.
Just like the total solar eclipse in the U.S. last August cooled the Earth's surface, a lunar eclipse cools the moon's surface. It's this abrupt cooling — from the heat of direct sunlight to essentially a deep freeze — that researchers will be studying.
Totality will last more than an hour.
"The moon is one of the most amazing objects in our solar system," Petro said. "It really is the key to understanding the solar system, through interpreting the geology and surface of the moon."
NASA plans to provide a live stream of the moon from telescopes in California and Arizona, beginning at 5:30 a.m. EST.
___
Online:
NASA: https://eclipse.gsfc.nasa.gov/lunar.html
By David Rooney, The Hollywood Reporter
Way back before Friday Night Lights put them on the map as a writer-director, Peter Berg made a deservedly forgotten black comedy called Very Bad Things, about a debauched Vegas bachelor party cut short by the buzzkill of a prostitute getting impaled on a coat hook. Oops. That film at least committed to its sourness, whereas Rough Night, which derails the revelry of a Miami bachelorette weekend by similar means, evinces little conviction of any kind. Mostly, it's a flavorless stew of elements from other, not necessarily better, movies that start dying around the same time as the unintended victim of the girls gone wild.
That's disappointing given that the movie is directed and co-written by two of the script team on Broad City. It also features Ilana Glazer, the co-creator and star of that sharp and sweet Comedy Central female slacker series, as part of the posse leading astray Scarlett Johansson‘s straight-arrow bride-to-be, Jess Thayer. But all the talented women here are stuck playing types rather than characters, in a strained frolic in which both the verbal humor and the physical gags too often fall flat.
While the liberating promise of an R-rated female comedy might drive some initial multiplex traffic, the smell of this rotting cadaver will start to waft by morning.
From Rebel Wilson in How to Be Single through Anna Kendrick and Aubrey Plaza in Mike and Dave Need Wedding Dates; from Amy Schumer in Trainwreck to Mila Kunis, Kristen Bell, and, all hail, Kathryn Hahn in Bad Moms, to name just a few — the glass ceiling has long been shattered in terms of women getting in on the once traditionally male domain of unrepentantly orgiastic bad behavior and gross-out humor. So any feminist kick that might have been generated by watching women toss back shots, snort coke, and grind on hot hustlers has been diluted by familiarity — even if it does raise a smile here that while Jess and friends are tearing up South Beach, their fiance Peter (co-writer Paul W. Downs) and their buds are back in Charleston enjoying a pretentious private wine tasting. And staying sober.
But that's where the inspiration in this gender-reversal on comedy norms runs out in the script by director Lucia Aniello and Downs. Nothing signals a screenplay's bankrupt imagination like an obligatory slo-mo group power strut, with a pause for a selfie-stick shot.
The movie thereafter keeps twisting itself in knots trying to find fresh angles. For a while, it becomes a Weekend at Bernie's-style knockabout farce involving a dead guy. Then a manic spiral of self-humiliation for the future groom, marrying out of their league and desperate not to lose their prize. And finally, a messy comedic thriller with captive innocents at the mercy of ruthless jewel thieves, before it's all ironed out in an improbably tidy resolution.
Jess is running for State Senate and trailing in popularity against an opponent with a weakness for sexting because surveys suggest that few folks think they would put out. But a 2006 prologue shows they aren't always so buttoned-up, as they egg on their party-animal college dorm-mate Alice (Jillian Bell) to win in a chicks-versus-dudes beer-pong tournament. “Do it for womankind,” whispers Jess.
Cut to 10 years later, when a bachelorette weekend is the last thing they need to cram into their schedule. But Alice, a still-single, chronically horny schoolteacher, insists, rounding up the rest of the quartet, Frankie (Glazer) and Blair (Zoe Kravitz), who were an item back in college. Frankie is now a hard-left political activist and Blair a well-heeled New Yorker recently separated from their husband and facing a custody battle. The sexual frisson of their reunion simmers away throughout the movie with predictable results. Jess also invites along Pippa (Kate McKinnon), a dippy, neo-hippie Australian friend from their semester abroad as a political-science major.
The reason behind this character appears to be someone saying, “Hey, wouldn't it be fun to have Kate do their role in a [patchy] Australian accent?” It's not, and I swear, not just because I'm Australian. Like so much else here, the movie is cobbled together out of jokes that seldom spring from vital plot points. For instance, the fancy beachfront retreat loaned to Jess by a campaign donor contains a room with a leather sex sling, installed not because we ever learn anything about the donor, but because, “Hey, wouldn't it be hilarious to put a half-naked dead dude in a sex sling!” “And, oh, my God, let's stick a pair of joke glasses with a penis nose on them to make it funnier!!”
Read More
