MOUNT MAUNGANUI, New Zealand (AP) — Opening batsman Manjot Kalra scored an unbeaten 101 and India won the under-19 Cricket World Cup for the fourth time with an eight-wicket victory Saturday over Australia.
Australia, choosing to bat after winning the toss, was all out for 216 in 47.2 overs at Bay Oval, Tauranga. Jonathan Merlo top-scored for Australia with 76 while four Indian bowlers took two wickets each.
India, which lost the 2014 final to the West Indies, cruised in reply to 220-2 and never looked threatened in surpassing Australia's total in the 39th over. Lefthander Kalra's 101 came from 102 balls.
India beat Australia by 100 runs in the tournament opener and was undefeated the rest of the way.
Advertisement
It was India's sixth appearance in the under-19 final. Australia had made the final five times, winning the tournament three times.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Behind the door of this detached home in Egginton lies a treat for the eyes. A re-modelled four-bed with a show home style.
Orchard End is all about clean lines, shiny surfaces and light.
In the open-plan dining kitchen, for instance, the fittings are listed as including “high quality 'Howdens' kitchen units with attractive granite work surfaces and matching upstands”.
Mirroring the look of the granite work surfaces are high-shine floor tiles – the tiling is also a feature of the dining area and entrance hall.
Further enhancing the style of the dining area are French doors with matching glazed side panels.
But it is not all about the look of the rooms. On a practical note, the kitchen has space for a large ‘Range' cooker, there is an integrated dishwasher included, while the French doors in the dining area open out to the sun terrace and garden creating a perfect al fresco dining space.
Rooms are good sizes – the dining area measures 3.76m x 2.71m (12'4" x 8'11"), the kitchen 4.81m x 2.48m (15'9" x 8'2") while the living room is 6.09m x 3.43m (20'0" x 11'3").
The living is another stylish room with a beautiful feature fireplace at its heart, two decorative ceiling roses (the current owner has chandelier style light fittings in here) and there is a feature arched glass door opening into the dining area.
Also on the ground floor is a cloakroom and a utility room. The utility has granite work surfaces, further units and appliance spaces suitable for a washing machine and a large American style fridge/ freezer.
Head upstairs and you'll discover four-bedrooms and a well-appointed bathroom.
Two of the bedrooms include fitted wardrobes while the bathroom has a freestanding roll-edge claw foot bath with shower screen and shower over as well as a WC, attractive double marble topped wash hand basin with cupboard and drawers beneath and there is a chromium towel radiator.
Accommodation doesn't stop here. There is access from the garage to a home office/hobby room. This versatile room measures 3.05m x 2.59m (10'0" x 8'6") and includes a sink, central heating radiator, power and lighting.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Outside, you'll find plenty of space to park the cars – there is an extensive block-paved driveway as well as a tandem garage.
At the back of the house is a block-paved patio together with several further seating areas, and a shaped lawn intersperse with trees.
The re-modelled four-bedroom detached residence stands in a quiet cul de sac in the peaceful village of Egginton.
The agent said: “Egginton is known for its tranquillity whilst being convenient for Burton upon Trent and Derby and excellent transport links. The village itself offers a primary school and church. Neighbouring Etwall has a further range of shops and facilities including John Port Academy.”
Gunmen stormed an upscale cafe overnight in Burkina Faso's capital, Ouagadougou, strafing the building with bullets and barricading themselves inside for hours. By the time security forces reclaimed the restaurant around dawn Monday, at least 18 people had been killed and eight others wounded, according to local authorities.
The West African nation's communications minister, Remis Dandjinou, told reporters Monday that by daybreak, two of the attackers had been killed and several foreign nationals were among the dead. In separate statements, officials in Paris and Ankara confirmed the victims include a French citizen and Turkish citizen, while another Turk was injured in the violence.
While Burkinabe officials blamed Islamist militants for the attack on the Turkish cafe, no one group immediately claimed responsibility.
"I salute the bravery of our security and defense forces whose engagement allowed us to neutralize the terrorists," Burkinabe President Roch Marc Christian Kabore said in a statement, as translated by CNN.
"The struggle against terrorism is a lengthy fight," they added. "That is why I am calling for vigilance, solidarity and unity of the whole nation to face up to the cowardice of our enemies."
In a news conference Monday, Dandjinou detailed the night's bloody events, which opened when they say about three to four militants rolled up to the cafe on motorcycles around 9 p.m. local time. They opened fire on an outside seating area outside then moved indoors, where The New York Times notes a family had been celebrating a 9-year-old boy's birthday.
The newspaper reports the boy was hospitalized with injuries from the attack.
For Burkinabes, the attack on Aziz Istanbul cafe, which is popular with foreigners, prompts bitter memories of another bloody episode just over 18 months ago. In January last year, militants conducted an hours-long raid on a luxury hotel and a cafe just blocks away from Aziz Istanbul, ultimately killing some 30 people before being dislodged by security forces.
Al-Qaida in the Islamic Maghreb, a militant group based in the region, claimed responsibility for that attack — as well as another deadly assault just months before in neighboring Mali.
Islamist groups have been active for years in the Sahel region, which includes Mali and Burkina Faso. As groups linked to al-Qaida have carried out attacks in the area, the Times points out that the United Nations peacekeeping mission to Mali "has become one of the most dangerous in the world."
The French government — which controlled Burkina Faso, then called Upper Volta, as a colony until 1960 — says President Emmanuel Macron met with Kabore on Monday to discuss the circumstances of the latest attack.
The pair of leaders also reaffirmed their commitment to the formation of an international security force in the Sahel region to "continue the fight against terrorist groups."
A slice of this week's arts and entertainment happenings in the North Okanagan at a glance
The Other Side of Hope is Aki Kaurismäki's follow up to Le Havre and screens at the Vernon Towne Cinema Dec. 11. (Sputnik image)
Welcome to Crook's Corner, a weekly video highlighting a selection of arts and entertainment happenings in the North Okanagan, hosted by The Morning Star arts and entertainment editor, Parker Crook.
This week's episode features three events: The Vernon Film Society screening of Aki Kaurismäki's The Other Side of Hope, Center Stage Performing Arts Academy's Ebenezer and SMG Endeavors and Record City's Friends of the Okanagan Locals Concert Series.
VERNON FILM SOCIETY All films screen at the Vernon Towne Cinema, 2910-30th Ave. Dec. 11 is The Other Side of Hope. For regular films, there will be the usual two showings at 5:15 and 7:45 p.m. Doors open at 4:30 p.m. All tickets $7, cash only. Advance tickets available at the theatre and the Bean Scene Coffee House.
EBENEZER Vernon and District Performing Arts Centre. Dec. 15 at 7 p.m. Center Stage Performing Arts Academy Presents the classic Christmas musical for the whole family. Tickets are $22, available through the Ticket Seller, 250-549-7469, www.ticketseller.ca.
FRIENDS OF THE OKANAGAN LOCALS CONCERT SERIES Record City 3127 30th Ave., Vernon, (250) 503-0038. In partnership with SMG Endeavors, Record City presents the Friends of the Okanagan Locals Concert Series. Dec. 16 at 8 p.m. is Acoustic Noire, Aaron Goodwin and Justin Koshman. Tickets are $10 advance, $15 at the door, $5 for students and free for children 12-and-under for each show.
@VernonNews
entertainment@vernonmorningstar.com
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
They will be shown in between scenes from the funeral of character Shazil Kazemi.
The parents of young victims of knife crime will deliver powerful accounts about losing their loved ones in a special episode of EastEnders on Friday.
George Kinsella, the father of 16-year-old Ben Kinsella, will detail how their son was stabbed 11 times after a night out with friends in 2008.
It will be shown in between scenes from the funeral of fictional character Shakil Kazemi, who was stabbed to death by a gang in an episode in May.
Ben Kinsella was killed 10 years ago (Metropolitan Police/PA)
Ben's half-sister Brooke, who played Kelly Taylor in the soap, has become an anti-knife crime campaigner and advised on the long-running storyline, which saw Keegan Baker (Zack Morris) and Shakil (Shaheen Jafargholi) became victims of a brutal knife attack after Keegan stole a bike.
EastEnders' boss John Yorke, who returned to the show last year, said: “Perhaps because of our relationship with Brooke Kinsella, the subject has always felt very close to the show's heart and so when we decided to tackle it they and their father were the very first people we spoke to to get their blessing.
Brooke Kinsella has become an anti-knife crime campaigner (Yui Mok/PA)
“They were incredibly open and in turn opened us up to a whole new world of which we thought we knew something and realised we knew nothing.
“So through them we met the most extraordinary people and we wanted to get the show right, we wanted to get it absolutely accurate.
“It's a tricky subject to do and easy to get wrong and so we talked to the people they recommended, and we kept talking, and the more we talked something really fascinating started to evolve, which was an idea that these stories were so powerful by themselves that really everyone just needed to hear those stories.”
Also sharing their story in the episode is Pastor Lorraine Jones, whose son, Dwayne Simpson, 20, was stabbed to death in a Brixton park in 2014, and Yvonne Lawson, whose son, Godwin, was 17 when they were killed in 2010 as they tried to protect their friend from an attack.
Yvonne Lawson's son, Godwin, was stabbed to death (Metropolitan Police/PA)
Jessica Plummer, whose son Shaquan Sammy-Plummer, 17, was knifed in the chest after they were chased down the street in 2015, breaks down in tears in front of the camera as they speak of how much they want their son back.
The episode comes as concerns are raised about rising levels of violence both in the capital and nationally.
Metropolitan Police Assistant Commissioner Martin Hewitt, who has dealt with violent crime for around the past decade, has said weapons such as zombie knives, hunting knives and machetes are being used more often and gangs of attackers are inflicting worse injuries on victims than five years ago.
Also featured in the episode is Angela Spencer, the mother of 17-year old Jason Spencer, and their stepfather, John Greensmith; as well as Paul Dove and Tanya Whitney, the parents of Billy Dove, 21; Caroline Shearer, the mother of 17-year-old Jay Whiston; and Trish Bergan, the mother of 21-year-old Jerome Eugene Bergan.
The episode will air on BBC One on Friday July 6 at 9.15pm.
© Press Association 2018
BRAMPTON, Ont. — Police say four people were sent to hospital with non-life threatening injuries after being stabbed on a bus east of Toronto.
Peel regional police say they have charged a woman with four counts of attempted murder in connection with the stabbings, which took place Tuesday night in Brampton, Ont.
Officers say a 49-year-old Brampton man was taken to a Toronto trauma centre, while three Brampton women aged 28, 19 and 18 respectively were taken to a local hospital. Police say none of the injuries are life-threatening.
Police say Jade Nelson, 20, is being held in custody until a bail hearing scheduled to take place this morning.
An ammunition dealer who has acknowledged selling hundreds of rounds of tracer bullets to a gunman responsible for killing 58 people in Las Vegas was charged on Friday with conspiracy to make and sell armor-piercing ammunition without a license.
Douglas Haig, 55, of the Phoenix suburb of Mesa, Arizona, became the first person arrested and charged in connection with the October 1st massacre, which ended when the perpetrator, Stephen Paddock, killed himself.
But Haig told a news conference at the office of their attorney on Friday that none of the surplus military ammunition they sold Paddock in September was ever fired during the killing spree, which ranks as the deadliest mass shooting in modern US history. Nearly 500 people were injured.
Haig said they had no inkling of any criminal intent by Paddock. The ammunition dealer said Paddock told him, when asked, that they planned to use the tracer bullets to “put on a light show either with, or for, their friends” in the desert.
Paddock strafed a crowd of outdoor concert-goers with rapid-fire gunshots from their high-rise suite at the Mandalay Bay hotel before police stormed their room to find the 64-year-old retiree dead. No motive for the massacre has ever been established.
Haig said they were certain the gunman never used any of the 720 rounds of magnesium-packed tracer bullets Paddock had purchased from him.
“You would have seen red streaks coming from the window. And there weren't red steaks coming from the window,” they said.
Their lawyer, Marc Victor, suggested the casualty toll would have been lower had the tracer rounds been used, because victims would have seen the trajectory of gunfire in the dark and been able to take cover more easily.
“It's probably a bad thing that the ammunition Doug sold was not used,” Victor said.
Haig also said there was nothing suspicious in Paddock's demeanor when they visited Haig's home to make the purchase.
“He was very well dressed, very well groomed, very polite, very respectful - told me what they wanted, I gathered it up, put it in a box, told them what they owed me. They paid me, put it in their car and drove away,” Haig recounted.
Victor called it “a routine transaction to purchase a routine type of ammunition that is available in many different retail outlets throughout the sate of Arizona.” Victor said the two men had no further contact.
Victor said Haig got into the ammunition re-sale business in 1991 as a hobby, and has always been a “law-abiding citizen.”
Haig was charged with a single count of conspiracy to manufacture and sell armor-piercing ammunition, which carries a maximum penalty of five years in prison and a $250,000 fine, according to the statement.
The criminal complaint, filed in a US District court in Phoenix, said Haig previously had run an internet business selling armor-piercing bullets - including high-explosive and incendiary rounds - throughout the United States.
It said some merchandise sold through that business consisted of cartridges that had been “reloaded,” or assembled from component parts, though Haig lacked a license to make such ammunition for sale.
According to the complaint, Haig insisted to investigators that while they reload ammunition cartridges for himself, they never offered them to paying customers and that none reloaded by them would turn up at the crime scene in Las Vegas.
However, prosecutors said Haig's fingerprints were found on some of the unfired rounds in Paddock's hotel suite and that armor-piercing cartridges recovered there bore tool marks matching the reloading equipment in Haig's workshop.
Haig made an initial court appearance before a federal magistrate in Phoenix and was freed on their own recognizance under conditional release pending a February 15th status conference set for the case, prosecutors said. – Reuters
By Annie Reuter
The 2017 Teen Choice Awards were held on Sunday evening (Aug. 13) and one major name was missing: Miley Cyrus. The singer and actor shared their apologies with fans on Instagram that evening, explaining that while they had every intention of attending the awards show to accept their trophy for The Ultimate Choice Award, their schedule simply wouldn't allow them
Related: Miley Cyrus Announces Title, Release Date of New Album
“To my dearest fans & all of those watching @teenchoicefox ! I want to say thank you from the very bottom of my heart for presenting me with #TheUltimateChoiceAward!” Cyrus writes. “I am beyond bummed I couldn't make it to the show as I had every intention of being there to accept and celebrate this honor! I created an unrealistic schedule for myself which leads me to this announcement!”
Then, with the grace of a veteran politician, Miley spun their apology into an act of self-promotion. “I've been tryin to keep the secret but I can't hide it any longer! My new single / music video #YoungerNow will be dropping this Friday, Aug 18th & I am sooooooo EXCITED to share it with all of you! I hope to always make people smile and shine light thru my work! I look forward to making music for the rest of my life and I'm thankful everyday for those who listen! I am sending so much love and peace into the world right now because THATS what we need most! Love Love & more LOVE!”
Cyrus wasn't the only celebrity who couldn't make it to the show. Bruno Mars accepted their Visionary Award from afar with a special video message.
You must have JavaScript enabled to experience the new Autoblog. Please follow the instructions below to enable JavaScript in your browser.
Pune, India, May, 2018 /MRFR Press Release/- Market research future published research report on Global Hydraulic Fracturing Market. The Hydraulic Fracturing Market is expected to grow over the CAGR of around 11% during the period 2018 to 2022.
Market Highlights
One of the key drivers for the growth of hydraulic fracturing market is the increased demand for extraction of oil and natural gas which requires hydraulic fracturing
The demand for hydraulic fracturing market is expected to be driven by the rapid increase in the rate of production and it provides access to strategy of shifting energy through natural gas and energy security by domestic supply. The increase in demand of energy and the increase in inclination towards production and exploration of non-conventional sources of energy such as shale gas and tight oil among others is expected to further drive the growth of the market. Favorable government rules and regulations and the increased government expenditure for promoting the extraction of natural resources is further expected to drive the growth of the market.
Download the sample report for more information @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/2532
Key Players
GE Renewable Energy (U.S.), Siemens AG (Germany), Goldwind Science & Technology Co. Ltd. (China), Leitwind AG (Italy), ENERCON GmbH (Germany), Xiangtan Electric Manufacturing Group (China), Emergya Wind Technologies B.V. (The Netherlands), VENSYS Energy AG (Germany), Windtronics LLC (U.S.) and American Superconductor Corporation (U.S.) are some of the leading players operating in this market.
Scope of the Report
This study provides an overview of the global hydraulic fracturing market, tracking three market segments across four geographic regions. The report studies key players, providing a five-year annual trend analysis that highlights market size, volume and share for North America, Europe, Asia Pacific (APAC) and Rest of the World (ROW). The report also provides a forecast, focusing on the market opportunities for the next five years for each region. The scope of the study segments the global Hydraulic Fracturing Market by its well type, technology, application and region.
By well Type
Horizontal
Vertical
By technology
Plug-And-Perforation
Sliding Sleeve
others
By Application
Crude oil
Shale gas
Tight oil
Others
By Region
North America
Asia Pacific
Europe
Rest of the World
Target Audience
Manufactures
Raw Materials Suppliers
Aftermarket suppliers
Research Institute / Education Institute
Potential Investors
Key executive (CEO and COO) and strategy growth manager
Regional Analysis
Regional Analysis of Global Direct Drive Wind Turbine Market
North America region is expected to dominate the hydraulic fracturing market during the forecast period, owing to factors such as the increase in exploration of unconventional natural resources and the availability of resources such as skilled manpower. Asia-Pacific region is also expected to grow owing to the availability of natural resources in the region in abundance. The increased concept of digging wells in the rural areas of the region is also contributing to the growth of the market in the region.
Among all technologies, plug and perforation is the most commonly used for the extraction of crude oil and natural gas. It is used in cased hole wells and is flexible in nature. Plug and perforation technique majorly helps in achieving high production rate. It is mainly used for shale oil and shale gas completions. It has the ability to be reworked in case of any problem or when production process pauses. The ease of accessibility provided by such technology for fracking in horizontal wells, make it a favorable technology than alternatives such as sliding sleeve and others.
Enquiry for this report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/enquiry/2532
They said they were thinking seriously about their future.
I'm A Celebrity queen of the jungle Georgia Toffolo has welcomed the prospect of bumper pay cheques on the back of winning the show, saying “I haven't paid my rent”.
The Made In Chelsea star could be in line to pocket huge sums from endorsement deals and TV shows.
The 23-year-old told Good Morning Britain: “I'm so overwhelmed. I don't really know what to say about it (winning).”
Asked about reports that they could rake in £5 million, they replied: “It's so funny – when I came out, the first thing I said to my mum was ‘Mum, I haven't paid my rent', so that's a lovely thing.
“Wow, I don't think I'll be having that payday, it would be highly welcome, I doubt it though.”
They said they wanted to go into TV presenting, telling Good Morning Britain hosts Susanna Reid and Piers Morgan: “I want to do what you guys do.
“I want to try it. Who knows?”
Morgan joked: “You know, Toff, we could have a vacancy on this desk, absolutely no problem at all. I always like to rejuvenate the casting on these programmes!”
Reid said: “Yes, you can come and sit next to me any morning you like!”
Toffolo told the ITV show: “I'm completely and utterly overwhelmed. This morning I was swinging from my hammock, happy as Larry.
“Now I'm sat at the Versace (hotel) with a crown on my head. I'm taking every minute as it comes.”
The regular clubber said they had “missed the dancefloor” while on I'm A Celebrity … Get Me Out Of Here! but their future could take a serious turn.
“You have so much time to think because there are no distractions,” they said of their time in the jungle.
“Actually having Stanley (Johnson) in there has really made me think about things,” they said of the former MEP.
“We were talking about causes that I'd never even considered, environmental conservation, GM…
“I am still letting everything sink in but I hope that I can use this to help and do good.
“There are so many worthy causes that I would love to get involved with. I need to do a little bit of research.”
© Press Association 2017
Despite official assurances that New Zealanders' sensitive personal information given to the mandatory Census 2018 is safe and secure, researchers say they have found a critical flaw in how Statistics NZ set up its website.
This not a data breach, University of Melbourne IT security researchers and cryptographers Drs Vanessa Teague and Chris Culnane told the Herald. There is no suggestion there was unauthorised access to the Census 2018 data, they said.
The issue stems from Stats NZ using a third-party provider, Incapsula, to act as a protective gateway into its network and servers. Incapsula protects other government servers and networks too, such as those belonging to the Government Communications Security Bureau.
Teague and Culnane say that when NZers filled out the Census online, it looked like they were connected to the Stats NZ servers, when they were not.
Advertisement
Instead, people connected to the Incapsula gateway, which a network trace showed is hosted in a data centre in Albany.
Connections to Incapsula are done securely through the open standard Transport Layer Security protocol that identifies the server people's computers connect to, and sets up encryption of the data transmitted over the internet. Incapsula operates a TLS proxy, a network device that terminates the connection before it reaches the Stats NZ server, and decrypts the received traffic.
It is done to inspect the traffic so as to remove malicious content such as bots and denial of service attacks.
Once that's done, Incapsula passes on the legitimate traffic to Stats NZ's Census responses collection server.
However, to inspect the traffic, Incapsula decrypts it and the United States-based company is able to see New Zealanders' Census question responses, Teague and Culnane pointed out. Privacy and lack of transparency are at play here.
"The TLS Proxy sees everything that is sent to Stats NZ, and so it has to be fully trusted to keep the data it sees both secure and private," they said. "It gives the false impression that data cannot be read whilst being transmitted to Stats NZ; that data cannot be decrypted by anyone other than Stats NZ; and that the user can be certain they are communicating with Stats NZ," they added.
"Any organisation like Stats NZ has a responsibility to provide accurate and sufficient information about their security so the public can make an informed decision about how they want to interact with government online," Teague and Culnane said.
Stats NZ chief digital officer, Chris Buxton, confirmed the agency uses Incapsula for the Census.
"Given the national scale of the Census and the experience of our colleagues in Australia during their Census in 2016, Stats NZ made the decision to work with an all-of-government approved supplier that could work at a global scale to block DDOS attacks on the census systems," they said.
Incapsula was not named by Stats NZ, and referred to as "a global web security system" and the provider's ability to decrypt and read the data is not mentioned either.
Incapsula's TLS proxy decrypts all the data sent to it for the Census, as it is required to examine and stop any malicious content that an attacker might try to use to compromise Stats NZ systems, Buxton said.
Adding to the researchers' concerns, Stats NZ's digital key that is required to decrypt the data sent over TLS secured connections is now distributed across Incapsula's global network, Teague and Culnane said.
"Our non-exhaustive search found that servers in Australia, the US, as well as New Zealand, all had the Stats NZ key," they added.
Digital TLS keys are supposed to be protected and should only be kept on the servers that they relate to, the researchers said.
If keys are leaked, attackers could use them to impersonate Stats NZ servers.
Buxton said that Incapsula can be trusted to hold the digital credentials to unlock the data.
"Incapsula is a government approved, global security provider, trusted to hold and protect the census private TLS key, and use it for the agreed purpose of ensuring that Census data was protected from malicious attack," they added. .
As for the keys being stored on servers overseas, Buxton said most of the Census data traffic was contained in New Zealand and Australia.
In some cases, households would use virtual private networking tunnels via other countries, and their data would have been routed to the closest server to them, they added.
"It was important that our security protection worked at global scale, so that we were able to defend attacks at the point where they originated without compromising our New Zealand internet systems. Having servers in these locations provided this defence," Buxton said.
The researchers labelled the practice of allowing the keys to be stored on servers outside of New Zealand jurisdiction as a "clear security flaw". They warned the credentials could be used to intercept any encrypted traffic intended for Stats NZ.
Teague and Culnane have reported the flaw to Stats NZ and told the Herald "they acknowledged what we said and appeared to understand the problem."
Buxton said the system for the Census was set up to mitigate a range of risks, including ransomware, malware and DDOS attacks.
by
Radcliffe Creek School is happy to announce the return of the popular 10-mile race for the 2017 Tea Party Distance Classic and Run for Radcliffe, which will be held on Saturday, May 27 at Wilmer Park.
The Chestertown Tea Party Distance Classic has been a part of the Chestertown Tea Party for more than 40 years. Eleven years ago, Radcliffe Creek School took over the management of these runs, with the proceeds benefiting the School's scholarship fund. The Run is the largest source of funding for this fund.
The School is also pleased to announce the launch of a website dedicated to the Run: chestertownteapartyrun.org. The site features registration and race day information, as well as fundraising information and photos from past races. Registration can be done online via active.com (search for Chestertown Tea Party Run).
Prices have also been lowered this year, with the 5K starting at $35 (price increases to $40 on May 1) and the 10-miler starting at $45 (price increases to $50 on May 1). A discount is available for groups of 15 or more runners, please contact the school for a discount code.
Radcliffe Creek School changes children's lives, and by participating in the Chestertown Tea Party 10-Miler and 5K Distance Classic/Run for Radcliffe, runners are helping make this possible. Whether a student has a learning difference such as dyslexia, ADD/ADHD, executive function disorders, or a speech and language disorder, or would just simply benefit from an individualized environment, a Radcliffe education works.
Radcliffe Creek School is an independent day school with the mission of empowering children in a dynamic environment that celebrates unique learning. For more information about Radcliffe Creek or Little Creek, the school's preschool, which includes programs for children from infancy through pre-kindergarten, please call 410-778-8150 or visit www.radcliffecreekschool.org.
STEVE TRUESDELL
The usual trajectory of bands involves an initial burst of inspiration, followed by a steady increase in quality, and then a creative plateau once the group is established and in a groove. A decade into their career, however, the members of Illphonics are anything but complacent. On the heels of 2015's powerful "The Brown Frequency" and 2016's inventive, in addition to a coveted slot on the 2016 lineup of LouFest, the live-band hip-hop troupe released 2017's excellent. Emcee Larry "Fallout" Morris told the RFT last year the latter album "kind of represents where we're going as a group," in no small part because the band members mixed things up while recording it. "What makes this album so special is that we all sat in a room together and switched — everybody did something a little different." The results are typically eclectic — as per usual, Illphonics combines elements of rap, hip-hop, funk and soul in adventurous ways, illustrating once again why the group remains one of the best in the city.OutKast, Lupe Fiasco, Stevie Wonder, Public Enemy
/ Front page / News
+ Enlarge this image Shriners Hospitals team from left, Dr Liang Zhou, Dr Mary Dau and Dr Paul Moroz at the Labasa Hospital. Picture: LUISA QIOLEVU.
A MEDICAL team from the Shriners Hospitals in Honolulu, Hawaii, is back in the country for an annual visit.
The team of three pediatric orthopedic specialists are here to treat and diagnose children who are affected with any kind of orthopedic problem.
Shriners Hospital's pediatric orthopaedic surgeon Dr Paul Moroz said they helped children get back on their feet.
"We help kids get back on their feet and function as normal as possible and we look at any child from the age of zero to 18 years who are affected," they said.
Dr Moroz said they were in the country to help children who had old injuries on their bones, joints or on the spine.
"We will be here in Labasa Hospital for only one day to check on our patients that we have already seen and operated on in the last three years in Honolulu and we are here to see how they're doing," they said.
"We are also here to make sure they are all OK and we are seeing new patients who are here and have been referred by some orthopedic doctors here for another opinion because sometimes some cases are challenging to treat and diagnose."
Dr Moroz said they were happy to offer their help.
"We are always happy to do that and we are trying to identify children that we see and we feel that we can help them with an operation or a kind of operation perhaps that isn't available in Fiji," they said.
"We're very fortunate in Hawaii to have the Shriners Orthopaedic Foundation to help fund this kind of work so the Fiji Government will help their children to come over to Honolulu and then we can also try and offer our help as well to these children so they can get back on their feet and back to functioning as normal as possible."
The team will be in Suva tomorrow for a three-day clinic before flying over to Tonga for five days and will be back in Nadi for five days after returning from Tonga.
Future Market Insights (FMI), with sharp focus on emerging trends, delivers key insights on the India Ready to Mix Food market in its recent report titled, “Ready to Mix Food Market – India Industry Analysis and Opportunity Assessment, 2014 – 2020”. FMI estimates that the India Ready to mix food market will expand at a CAGR of 15.7% and reach a valuation of US$ 284.4 Mn by 2020.
Consumer convenience is the key factor driving the India ready to mix food market. Additionally, increase in working women population due to increased standards of education, high disposable income of households, and growing organised retailing in India are other factors contributing to the growth of the market. Furthermore, increase in overall disposable income and private label penetration is expected to strengthen the growth of the Indian Ready to Mix food market in the next five years. In order to sustain in the competitive market and cater to increasing consumer demand, key ready to mix food companies are focusing on widening their offerings.
Request for Sample @ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-111
The India ready to mix food market is segmented on the basis of application and distribution. By application type, the India ready to mix food market is segmented into snacks mix, dessert mix, and curry mix. Among these, snacks mix segmentis projected to account for around 50.9% market share by 2020, owing to the consumer demand. The curry mix sub-segment on the other hand, is expected to record a double-digit CAGR of around 15.8% during the forecast period.
By distribution channel, the India ready to mix food market is segmented into retailers, kirana shops, online purchase, and others. In terms of market share contribution to the overall ready to mix market, the retailers sub-segment is expected to record highest CAGR of 16.2%, followed by online purchase during the forecast period.
FMI lead analyst sheds light on why India ready to mix food market will become a mainstream product in convenience food industry in the near future. “Hectic lifestyle, growing demand for packaged food coupled with increasing disposable income is expected to fuel the growth of the ready to mix market in India over the next five to six years,” they said.
Request for Table of Contents @ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/toc/rep-gb-111
Although, weak distribution channel, price sensitive consumers, and low awareness level among the consumers in India are expected to hinder the market growth; adoption of new technology for better cooking performance of the products and increased exhibitions, seminars, workshops to promote it are the key trends expected to drive growth of the India ready to mix food market in the near future.
Recently, MTR Foods Pvt. Ltd. introduced new range of snacks variants such assalty banana chips, pepper banana chips, spicy banana chips, and Huli Thengols (snack made of yogurt) for consumers who are constantly looking for varieties in authentic snacks. Apart from MTR Food Pvt. Ltd. The other prominent players in the India ready to mix food market include ITC Ltd., Gits Food Products Pvt. Ltd., Kohinoor Foods Ltd., Ushodaya Enterprises Private Ltd.,and BambinoAgro Industries Ltd.
Browse Research Report @ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/details/global-ready-to-eat-food-market
Rep. Lois Capps, D-Santa Barbara, on Tuesday announced that they have introduced the Teaching Children to Save Lives Act (House Resolution 2308), legislation that would provide critical resources to assist schools with teaching students across the country the lifesaving skills of cardiopulmonary resuscitation (CPR) and how to use automated external defibrillators (AED).
Sudden cardiac arrest is the leading cause of death in the United States, but studies show that victims of SCA have a 34 percent higher chance of survival if they are immediately treated with CPR and the use of an AED. Unfortunately, few people have the knowledge or confidence to perform these basic lifesaving skills in the face of SCA. Training a generation of students with these skills could save lives long into the future.
“Every second counts when someone is suffering from sudden cardiac arrest, yet few people know what to do in an emergency,” Capps said. “That is why it's so important to teach students the lifesaving skills of how to perform CPR and use an AED — skills they could use to one day save the life of a classmate, family member or even a complete stranger. By training a generation of students in emergency response, we can dramatically reduce the rate of death from sudden cardiac arrest in our country.”
“Statistics show that it is imperative that schools, businesses, churches, softball fields and other public entities have rapid access to AEDs,” said Lynne Callahan, founder of the John W Callahan Heart Safe Project in Arroyo Grande. “The training is simple, and without question should be instituted as part of public education in our schools. You cannot put a price on this life-saving device. As a retired emergency room nurse I have seen first-hand the lives saved from using an AED.”
“The Heart Rhythm Society applauds Rep. Capps for introducing the Teaching Children to Save Lives Act, a very important bill for our policymakers to consider,” said Hugh Calkins, M.D., FHRS, president of the Heart Rhythm Society. “SCA survival rates are higher when victims are treated immediately, even before the arrival of first responders. Therefore, CPR and AED use are critical. With the support of Congress, a bill such as this one will inform young people and arm them with the life-saving skills required to help increase survival rates in the future.”
“The American Heart Association strongly supports Rep. Capps' efforts to provide the resources necessary to train the next generation of lifesavers,” American Heart Association CEO Nancy Brown said. “By teaching schoolchildren how to deliver CPR and properly use an AED, we are reaching a major portion of the American population, substantially increasing the likelihood that individuals suffering from sudden cardiac arrest will survive.”
More than 350,000 people die annually from sudden cardiac arrest, including nearly 6,500 young people. Tragically, we have seen this trend grow recently, particularly among student athletes. The American Heart Association estimates that nearly 100,000 of these lives could be saved each year if more people knew how to perform cardiopulmonary resuscitation and use an automated external defibrillator before first responders are able to arrive.
HR 2308 would provide support for schools and local education agencies to implement CPR and AED training programs. Schools could use these resources to train teachers and school officials as CPR and AED instructors or work in conjunction with community organizations, such as local fire and police departments, hospitals, parent-teacher associations and others to provide CPR and AED training. Resources could also be used to acquire AED machines and training materials.
Advocates from the across the country will be on Capitol Hill this week to build support for Capps' legislation. The Teaching Children to Save Lives Act is endorsed by the American Heart Association, the Children's Cardiomyopathy Foundation, the Heart Rhythm Society, the Hypertrophic Cardiomyopathy Association, Parent Heart Watch, the SADS Foundation, the Sudden Cardiac Arrest Association and WomenHeart: The National Coalition for Women with Heart Disease.
— Ashley Schapitl is press secretary for Rep. Lois Capps, D-Santa Barbara.
One of the most difficult East Bay measures on the June 5 ballot asks Lafayette voters whether to approve a 44-home development adjacent to Highway 24.
The battle over the future of the 22-acre site is entering its eighth year, with more than two years of delay attributable to the City Council's troubling attempt to keep voters from having a say.
Voters now must decide whether to vote yes on Measure L, approving the project with its flaws. Or vote no and risk uncertainty of what the next proposal for the site might be.
Our recommendation: Vote yes. The developer, O'Brien Land Co. of Menlo Park, is entitled to build on the land. The new houses it proposes — ranging from about 2,300 to 2,900 square feet — are needed and a reasonable compromise. It's probably as good a proposal as the city and its residents are going to get.
But it's far from perfect. Opponents have legitimate concerns about traffic and environmental issues that city officials should consider in post-election discussions.
Click here for a complete list of our election recommendations.
The genesis of Measure L dates to March 2011, when O'Brien Land proposed a 315-unit apartment project for the site, at Pleasant Hill and Deer Hill roads, kitty-corner to Acalanes High School.
It would have provided less-costly housing than the current plan. But community members objected to the additional traffic the project would have added to Pleasant Hill Road, which is already a nightmare during commute hours.
So city officials and the developer in 2013 hammered out the current plan for the 44 single-family houses, now dubbed Homes at Deer Hill. However well-intentioned, the plan calls for the city to spend about $3.75 million – paid directly and through forgiven park fees normally charged developers – for a soccer field, 78-space parking lot and other public amenities on the site.
The soccer field is problematic. It will fill a need, but the location is questionable. It doesn't seem to make sense to have kids playing so close to the freeway. After all, the city is requiring that the builder install air intake filters for the houses, and the environmental impact report warns of potential health risks of living there.
Similarly, the public recreational amenities are expected to generate more than twice as much peak-hour traffic as the housing, also suggesting that this might not be the best place to spend millions of taxpayer dollars.
Get editorials, opinion columns, letters to the editor and more in your inbox weekday mornings. Sign up for the Opinion newsletter.
It's unfortunate that this plan was negotiated privately and thrust onto residents as a take-it-or-leave-it proposal. That approach helped fuel the referendum drive to place Measure L on the ballot.
The public distrust was further heightened when city officials refused to put the referendum on the ballot, leading to the legal battle that ended in February when the state Court of Appeal ordered the public vote.
Related Articles Editorial: Martinez voters should take control of open-space decisions
Editorial: Richmond's “Kids First” measure fiscally irresponsible
Editorial: Get rid of term limits for Pinole City Council
Editorial: Reject Oakland library tax measure, back Orinda's
Editorial: Why San Jose voters should re-elect Mayor Sam Liccardo The appellate court ruled that the city was wrong in its claim that the referendum was legally invalid. Moreover, city officials did not have the discretion to unilaterally keep the referendum off the ballot, the court ruled. If they had doubts, they should have sought a court opinion.
But, in the end, voters should be driven not by the mishandled process that brought us to this point, but rather by the merits and drawbacks of the proposal. On balance, it deserves approval. Vote yes on Measure L.
CTV Vancouver
Three of the youths accused of killing 19-year-old Luka Gordic in Whistler are expected to learn their fates Friday morning.
Verdicts for the young men, who can't be named because they were underage at the time of the attack, expected to be delivered in B.C. Supreme Court after 10 a.m.
One is charged with second-degree murder, while the other two are charged with manslaughter.
The victim, a resident of Burnaby, was swarmed and assaulted by as many as 15 people over the 2015 Victoria Day long weekend. The court heard Gordic was punched, kicked, and stabbed in the heart with a knife.
One of their attackers, Arvin Golic, was charged with second-degree murder but convicted on the lesser charge of manslaughter back in June.
The court heard Golic, who was 18 at the time, did not deliver the fatal blow but did organize the beating after Gordic stood up for a young woman they both knew.
With files from CTV Vancouver's Nafeesa Karim
Poland and Israel have used full-page ads in German newspapers, including the conservative daily Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung, to praise their countries' ties and comment on Poland's controversial Holocaust law.
The so-called "joint declaration" begins by stating that "for 30 years, relations between our countries and peoples have been built on a solid foundation of trust and understanding" and goes on to say both nations are united by a "deep, long-lasting friendship" marked by "mutual respect for the identity and historical sensitivity of our tragic past." The ad was published in the name of Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and their Polish counterpart Mateusz Morawiecki.
Poland's divisive Holocaust law
The ad signals a warming of ties after tension had arisen between both countries over Poland's controversial Holocaust law. Passed in early 2018, the law instantly drew condemnation from Israel, the United States and Ukraine.
It stipulated fines and jail sentences of up to three years for individuals who "publicly and in denial of the facts" blame Poles or the Polish state for carrying full or partial responsibility for crimes committed by Nazi Germany.
Read more: Auschwitz: Evolution of a death camp and Holocaust memorial
Watch video 04:45 Now live 04:45 mins. Share Anti-Semitism on the rise in Poland Send Facebook google+ Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Permalink https://p.dw.com/p/2tnZ7 Anti-Semitism on the rise in Poland
Critics feared the law would prevent Holocaust survivors and historians from researching the role that some Poles played in Germany's genocide against the Jews.
Relations between Poland and Israel were so fraught that Netanyahu accused Poland of trying to rewrite history and possibly even deny the Holocaust.
Six months later, at Morawiecki's behest, Poland revised the law and cut any reference to possible jail sentences.
Why publish in the German press?
That Poland and Israel would buy such an ad in the German press may, at first glance, appear surprising. But it isn't really, according to Manuel Sarrazin, a member of Germany's Green party who chairs the German-Polish parliament group.
The declaration emphasized common ground between Poland and Israel
"It is important for Germany that Poland and Israel are on good terms," they said, adding that the ad indicates both sides have resumed friendly relations.
They welcomed efforts from Poland and Israel to intensify their dialogue over their shared history.
"In Germany, we need to realize that Poland's domestic debate [regarding the Holocaust] is also partly due to German media, which failed to distance itself from its own, revisionist portrayals of history," they said. German media has occasionally mistakenly referred to Nazi concentration camps in occupied Poland as "Polish death camps."
The Polish-Israeli ad states that it is "clear the Holocaust represents an unprecedented crime committed by Nazi Germany against the Jews and all Poles of Jewish descent" and adds that Poland "has always shown it fully understands the significance of the Holocaust."
But the ad also concedes: "We recognize that there were horrific acts committed by Poles against Jews during World War II, and we condemn every one of these."
At the same time, the ad highlights the "heroic actions of many Poles," who risked their own lives to save Jews.
Dub heavyweights Dreadzone are back at the Roadmender next week.
The band, now in their third decade together, released their latest album Dread Times in February
One of the most exciting and powerful live bands to emerge from the post-rave scene, their old-skool dread sound comes bubbling to the surface on the new album and it digs deeper into their dub and reggae roots while still keeping the beats fresh and the textures electronic.
Alongside core members Greg Dread, who produced the record, Leo Williams, Chris Compton, reggae vocalist Earl 16 and MC Spee, Dread Times introduces younger blood into the mix with the newest member Bazil bringing an edge to the sonic process and Greg's son Marlon expanding the musical range further.
Don Letts returns with lyrical contributions, as does Lena Cullen on vocals for one track, with 90s ragga duo Louchie Lou and Michie One guesting on another.
Since their inception in 1993, Dreadzone have steadily been releasing underground storms of albums, progressively bettering, refining and perfecting their own and inimitable take on dub – mixed as it is with aspects of dance, guitar riffs, folk roots sentiments and breakbeat bass styles – while bringing the party to every club, dancehall and field they've shown up at.
Always blowing audiences away and steadily earning for themselves the best possible reputation as a live act in the process. They headline the Roadmender on Thursday, December 14. Tickets are on sale now and cost £16,50 before fees.
Tomorrow night, The Wedding Present (pictured below) headline the venue.
The band has been out on tour marking the 30th anniversary of their classic debut album George Best.
With its bittersweet, breathtakingly honest love songs immersed in whirlwind guitars, George Best struck a chord with outsiders across the indie universe.
The NME described the LP as “an unmitigated delight” when it was released and included it in its 2014 list of The 500 Greatest Albums of All Time.
The band, fronted by David Gedge, will play the album in its entirety as part of their set.
Following the 1987 album, The Wedding Present went onto release a strong of records, their latest 2016's Going, Going...
The Wedding Present headline on Friday, December 8. Tickets cost £18 in advance before fees. Doors open at 7.30pm.
Wearing an oversized flannel shirt and endless layers of leg warmers, choreographer Emma Martin appears an unlikely poster-girl for ballet. Them unkempt ponytail falls into their eyes as they rehearse with dancers from Ballet Ireland.
The dozen or so men and women move as one unit, arms quivering and bodies collapsing to the floor, and while Martin's layers of clothing may cloak their movements, they cannot hide their inherent grace.
As Ballet Ireland approaches its 20-year anniversary, the company's collaborations with artists such as Martin may signal its coming of age. Previously tethered to stereotypical ballerinas in tutus and story ballets, Ballet Ireland has begun working with others who are less tied to ballet's traditional forms.
In addition to collaborating with Martin, this month the company also unveils a new production of Giselle by French-born choreographer Ludovic Ondiviela. While onstage this represents another re-worked classic, behind the scenes Ballet Ireland's changes may prove more significant.
Its evolving artistic vision, commitment to strategic planning and new board leadership may send the company stepping in a new direction.
Anne Maher, director of Ballet Ireland. Photograph: Ballet Ireland
“After intense strategic planning last year, we are all focused on the idea of what the company wants to be doing: creating resonant work,” says director Anne Maher.
“Yes, we want to do the story ballets, and with 17,000 people coming to see our Nutcracker, clearly there's an appetite for that. But ballet needs to be growing in other ways and we cannot be left behind. We cannot continue to have an endless diet of Swan Lakes and Nutcrackers.”
Commitment
This kind of talk will cause the most devoted ballet fans to leap in their seats, and hiring Ondiviela to create a more present-day Giselle illustrates a commitment by Maher and their team. Ondiviela trained at the Royal Ballet School, launched their career at the Royal Ballet and began making dances soon thereafter.
Giselle's creative team also includes set designer Maree Kearns, known in the dance world for their work with Cois Céim Dance Theatre, and the resulting Giselle should be “a modern take, set not necessarily in the 1980s or 1990s but somewhere in the now”, according to Maher. This Giselle aligns more with audiences today than a straightforward reproduction of Giselle's 1841 premiere.
Audiences might also notice the dancers onstage moving with a greater cohesion, the result of an intense rehearsal period with Martin, who most recently earned praise for their choreography in Enda Walsh's play Arlington.
Youtube Ballet Ireland
Ballet dancers don't get to spend so much time discovering their individuality in movement terms, so I gave a lot of space for them to do that
“Ballet dancers are like cats with highly tuned bodies and super quick brains,” Martin says. “My work with the dancers from Ballet Ireland was focused on wanting them to reveal themselves to me as people through their movement. Contemporary dancers have little option but to work with their individual physicality, and I love using that in my own work. But ballet dancers don't get to spend so much time discovering their individuality in movement terms, so I gave a lot of space for them to do that.”
Artists
Maher commissioned Martin to spend weeks working with the company with no end product or performance in mind. It allowed the dancers discover themselves as artists on a deeper level while working in the studio, a process that will likely influence how they interpret ballets such as Giselle.
“They are teetering in that delicate phase of letting go of some of the ballet movement,” Martin says, “to the point where they may feel a little bit lost in some of the movements they are doing. It's a vulnerable place to be but it's also very exciting.”
Reinforcing this new way of working, Ballet Ireland announced last month Martin Lindinger as its new general manager. A former dancer with Hubbard Street Dance (Chicago), Rambert Dance Company and National Ballet of Canada, Lindinger also worked as rehearsal director for Ballet Ireland during the past year and a half.
Ballet Ireland's Rodolfo Saraiva and Ana Enriquez Gonzalez working with choreography by Emma Martin. Photograph: Cian Hughes
Gerardine Connolly, the new chairperson of Ballet Ireland's board of directors, echoes Maher's commitment to presenting contemporary work while striking a balance with the more well-known ballets.
“Our goals for the future are first to increase our number of performances annually. Then we will do that in tandem with presenting more contemporary work. I do understand that we must tread that fine line with what audiences are used to seeing, but we've had careful discussions on how to do so.”
We want to come at this innovation in a slow and gentle way, with a little innovation every day, every week
Connolly works as a barrister and has travelled abroad to see other companies, connecting with international choreographers and serving as a sounding board for Ballet Ireland's artistic vision.
“Ballet is underdeveloped in Ireland,” Connolly says. “It needs to be refocused. How do we bring big ideas into play? By taking small steps towards a bigger vision. We want to come at this innovation in a slow and gentle way, with a little innovation every day, every week.”
Just as Emma Martin discovered the dancers' vulnerability when working with them during this stage of the company's development, Connolly recognises the delicate balance Ballet Ireland faces at this point.
“I'd say we are experiencing a sea change,” Connolly says, “and that the strategic plan has focused everyone 100 per cent. We've set down our values, and for me it's about integrity, ambition, credibility and teamwork. I can't say the changes ahead are easy, but if you feel passionate, that passion will resonate.”
Tour dates
Project Arts Centre, Dublin
Sat 22 – Sat 29 April, 7.30pm
Tickets: €22 / €20 conc.
Booking: (01) 8819 613 / projectartscentre.ie
Book early or pay more on the door!
Tickets will cost €2 more if you book within 2 hours to showtime
Theatre at the Mill, Newtownabbey
Wednesday 3 May, 7.45pm
Tickets £16, £14, £12 & £10 (Concessions £2 off each ticket price)
Group Discount Available
Booking: 028 9034 0202 / theatreatthemill.com
Solstice Arts Centre, Navan
Thurs 4 May
Tickets: €20 / €16 conc
Booking: 046 909 2300 / solsticeartscentre.ie
Civic Theatre, Tallaght
Fri 5 – Sat 6 May, 8pm
Tickets: €20 & €16 conc & €12 for under 12's
Booking: (01) 462 7477 / civictheatre.ie
National Opera House, Wexford
Sunday 7 May, 7pm
Tickets: €25 / €20 conc / €15 child under 16 / €70 family ticket
Booking: 053 912 2144 / nationaloperahouse.ie
glór, Ennis
Thurs 11 May, 7.30pm
Tickets: €22 full / €20 con / 12.50 Child (16yr or under) / Family Ticket: €55 (2x Adult and 2x child)
Booking: (065) 684 3103 / glor.ie
Lime Tree Theatre, Limerick
Friday 12 May, 8pm
Tickets: €20 / €15 conc
Booking: (061) 953 400 / limetreetheatre.ie
Everyman Theatre, Cork
Sat 13 May, 8pm
Tickets: €26 / € 23 conc
Booking (021) 427 0022 / everymancork.com
Town Hall Theatre, Galway
Thurs 18 May, 8pm
Tickets: €22* / €18*
Box Office (091) 569 777 or book online tht.ie
* Subject to THT Venue Development/Online Booking Charge
Backstage Theatre, Longford
Friday 19 May, 8pm
Tickets: €18 / €16 conc / €14
Bookings: (043) 3347888 / backstage.ie
Draíocht, Blanchardstown
Sat 20 May, 8pm
Tickets: €20/ €16 conc, €12 (under 12s)
Booking: 01 885 2622 / draiocht.ie
Mermaid Arts Centre, Bray
Wed 24 May, 8pm
Tickets: €22 / €20 conc. Family ticket €75 (4 people)
Booking: (01) 272 4030 / mermaidartscentre.ie
An Grianán Theatre, Letterkenny
Sat 27 May, 8pm
Tickets: €20 / €15 conc.
Booking: (074) 912 0777 / angrianan.com
Applications are being accepted for Hui O Laulima's 2019 Cultural Grant program. All prospective grant projects/activities must take place during the 2019 calendar year (January through December). Applications are due by July 31.
The criteria for selection include:
• Interest in the study, perpetuation and promotion of Okinawan culture (music, dance, art or other forms of expression), language and history, including good will project;
• Leadership ability;
• Community service;
• Financial need;
• Overall potential for success;
• Clarity of goal(s); and
• Two letters of recommendation from individuals other than relatives.
Since 1984, Hui O Laulima has awarded more than $175,000 in grants for projects that fulfill its mission of preserving, perpetuating and promoting Okinawan culture. In the spirit of laulima — the Hawaiian word for “giving a helping hand” — Hui O Laulima awards grants to individuals and groups who share its mission.
Inquiries and/or requests for application forms should be directed to Karen Fuse, committee chair, at kcfuse@hawaii.rr.com.
MPDS
Acrobatic Yoga & Pilates Studio
Mazaya Business Avenue – Tower
AA1 – First Al Khail, St. Jumeirah Towers
Dubai,
U.A.E
Telephone: +97 (0) 56 259 7911
Email: dubai@milanpoledance.com
Many people believe that acrobatics and aerial activities are about having fun and learning new skills. But these exercise routines offer unexpected health benefits. This includes boost in energy, transformation of physique and improvement in overall emotional well-being.
While acrobatics and aerial activities appear effortless and graceful there is a lot of physical effort that is applied to get the routine just right. It is a great form of exercise to tone the muscles and release large bouts of energy. Exercisers can expect to burn up to 400 calories in an hour. For those who have tried various diets and exercises in the past to lose weight to no avail will find that the dance studio in Dubai is the best place to finally achieve weight loss goals.
The increase in physical fitness that is achieved through aerial activities will offer surprising benefits including attaining a well toned body, strengthening the muscles and developing other tissues to help prevent injuries.
It is no secret that exercise boosts mental health. Aerial acrobatics benefits mental health far beyond the traditional realms of fitness. Acrobatics will bring calmness, deep muscle relaxation and an uplifting mood.
The head of MPDS stated that “by keeping these health benefits in mind our studio provides a great way for you to stay fit and healthy, particularly for those individuals who want to try out new exercise regimes and routines.” They further stated that, “these activities are fun and they also build a strong body.”
About Us
MPDS Acrobatics Yoga and Pilates Studio is the first step to achieving your fitness dreams. Whether it is to have a perfectly toned body, lose weight or learn a new fitness skill, the studio is the best place to achieve it. Enjoy walking out with confidence, high level of self-esteem and a great mood. Become flexible, physically fit and mentally strong. For more information, visit our website on http://www.mpds.ae/
Unmanned aerial vehicles (UAV) are usually called as Drones. UAV's can be operated by an onboard or ground based control unit. Drone payload market is projected to grow significantly in the upcoming years owing to technological advancement in drones and economical solutions for surveillance. However, payload design related limitations and privacy concerns might hinder the market growth. Increasing commercial application of the drones would provide lucrative opportunities for the market in near future. The market is highly competitive owing to presence of numerous players. Technological advancement and extensive R&D are prime strategies adopted by market leaders to improve their market presence. For instance, SZ DJI Technology Co., Ltd improved its security measure with new software in August 2017. North America is the largest market for drones and is projected to lead the market throughout the forecast period.
Drone Payload Market Research Objective
To define the scope and simplify the research study based on type, end user, and region.
• Estimate the current market size and forecast the same for the period (2017-2024).
• Market share by revenue for each segment and region analyzed.
• To provide insights on the major market dynamics (drivers, restraints & opportunities) and their impact analysis for the forecast period.
• Micro and macro level analysis of the market to elucidate lucrative investment opportunities.
• Porter's five forces analysis to deliver a comprehensive buyer-seller scenario and the state of business environment.
• Identification of the drone payload market trends in current scenario and its growth indicators.
• Benchmarking leading vendors in the drone payload industry based on their strategic attempts, financial status, and other internal and external parameters.
Request Sample Copy of the Report@www.esticastresearch.com/market-reports/drone-payload-market/request-sample
Drone Payload Market Segmentation
By Type
• Cameras and sensors
• Radar and communication
• Weaponry
By End User
• Defense
• Agriculture and environment
• Media and entertainment
• Energy
• Government
• Construction and archaeology
• Others
Drone Payload Market By Region
• North America
• Europe
• Asia-Pacific (APAC)
• Rest of the World
Offered Customization
For this specific report, we offer 20% of free customization in order to deliver a tailored research report that specifically covers areas of client's interest in the drone payload market. Following are some most desired customization offers on this report:
Geographical Customization
Split of the regional market into specific countries as per client's research requirements.
Further breakdown of the major segments into sub-segments (as per request).
Vendor Profile Customization
Further exhaustive analysis of additional companies operating in the market as per request.
Distinctive Requirements
Research report on drone payload market covering specific country/region only.
Requests for data tables only (specific requirement to quantitative research).
Request for Customized Report @www.esticastresearch.com/market-reports/drone-payload-market/request-customise-form
About Esticast Research &Consulting :
Esticast Research & Consulting is a research firm providing research reports on various industries with a unique combination of authenticity, extensive research, and infallibility. We provide syndicated market research reports, customization services, and consulting services to help businesses across the world in achieving their goals and overcoming complex challenges. We specialize in providing 360 degree view of the markets to assist clients in determining new opportunities and develop business strategies for the future with data and statistics on changing market dynamics.
Esticast Research & Consulting has expert analysts and consultants with an ability to work in collaboration with clients to meet their business needs and give opportunities to thrive in a competitive world. A comprehensive analysis of industries ranging from healthcare to consumer goods and ICT to BFSI is provided by covering hundreds of industry segments. The research reports offering market forecasts, market entry strategies, and customer intelligence will help clients across the world in harnessing maximum value on their investment and realize their optimum potential.
Contact
Esticast Research & Consulting
410 State Route 57 East,#206, Washington, NJ 07882
Tel: 1-908-379-7709
Fax: 1-908-379-7709
Email: help@esticastresearch.com
Dublin 2-13 Tyrone 1-11
by Cóilín Duffy
Dublin maintained their unbeaten start to the Allianz Football League, staging a strong second half display to have five points to spare in this Division 1 clash at Healy Park, Omagh.
The visitors were down to 14 men from the 45th minute, after Niall Scully was sent off, but they just held Tyrone to four points in the second half – all in the closing 10 minutes.
Tyrone started strongly, but Dublin slowly crept into this game, taking the lead for the first time in the 42nd minute, thanks to a Brian Fenton score, and never looking back.
Dublin were handed a numerical disadvantage soonafter, with Scully dismissed after picking up a second yellow card.
However, Jim Gavin's side grew in confident, with Tyrone amassing some bad wides, and Stephen Cluxton also denying Connor McAliskey of a goal chance.
The hosts failed to score from the 38th minute until the 63rd minute, but Dublin also found scores hard to comeby, however the Metropolitans got them when it mattered most.
Tyrone's Connor McAliskey with Dublin's Brian Fenton. Credit ©INPHO/Philip Magowan
Share it:
Don't Miss
An old boatshed in New Zealand's most expensive suburb can be demolished and a new one built so multimillionaire business person Rod Duke can use it as a helicopter landing pad to get to their golf course north of Auckland.
And in a nod to James Bond, the new boatshed's roof will fold back and open, just as the choppers are about to land at the $12 million-plus property.
Auckland Council documents show the Briscoes Group managing director and their wife Patricia got consent to demolish their old Herne Bay corrugated iron and weatherboard boatshed and build a new one for chopper use.
Read more: Briscoes boss Rod Duke battles for Herne Bay helicopter landing rights
Advertisement
The existing boatshed and ramp can be bowled and an entirely new boatshed, ramp and helipad built, along with a temporary structure to enable construction and barges used during the building phase.
The Dukes' new boatshed and helipad is to be at their Sentinel Beach property and Duke said yesterday they wanted chopper landing rights so they could get to golf faster.
"From time to time, I have got a golf membership up the coast. I don't want to have to drive to Onehunga," they said yesterday referring to getting to a hire helicopter at Advanced Flight.
Duke's national retail empire encompasses Briscoes Homeware, Living & Giving and Rebel Sport and they appeared on this year's NBR Rich List with an estimated $750m fortune.
The Dukes' resource consent application described a sophisticated solution to their golf transport issue, creating a sliding section in the new boat to house a helicopter landing pad - the roof would open to let choppers land.
The bay has three boatsheds but the Dukes' new one would become an extremely sophisticated structure, able to move when choppers were about to land.
Proposal for the Duke's boat shed, Sentinel Beach.
"The proposal involves the demolition and removal of the existing boatshed and ramp ... the construction of a new boatshed, ramp and helipad ... the occupation of common marine and coastal area by the new boatshed, ramp and helipad ... the use of the new boatshed roof as a helipad for the arrival and departure of a helicopter," the council document says.
Resource consent was granted on August 18.
It was only this week the project came to light when the Dukes lodged Environment Court proceedings against the council, objecting to flight restrictions.
The council document described how the new boatshed would open up to let choppers fly in.
"There will be periods when the boatshed is in the open position with a helicopter situated on the landing pad, exposing a timber and coated structure underneath," the council report of August 18 said.
Rod Duke of Briscoe Group.
"This will be visible during take-offs and landing and in between these times but noting that the helicopter will not be stored permanently at this location," the council document said.
"The portion of the Herne Bay shoreline where the boatshed is located is not readily accessible to the public and the proposal will not further reduce public access to the coast," said the report from resource consents team leader Matthew Wright.
But the application was for a "non-complying activity as the proposal involves construction of a helicopter landing area within the general coastal marine area."
The Dukes are building a new house in Sarsfield St above the bay and their site slopes down to the waterfront and one of Auckland's closest inner-city beaches.
Long footballing career can damage the brain, scientists find
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
A YOUNG Nigerian woman who had been forced into prostitution in Roquetas del Mar has been released by officers of the National Police.
As part of an on-going action against Human Trafficking for Sexual Exploitation officers became aware of the fact that a Nigerian woman who had been smuggled into Spain had been blackmailed into acting as a prostitute by a gang of human traffickers.
Officers searched three properties in the town, freeing the woman, arresting two members of the gang and seizing computer records which will be analysed with the expectation of identifying further information on the gang's activities.
The woman in question had left Nigeria with their two brothers and settled in Morocco for a year and a half where they were reduced to begging in order to feed themselves and their very young child before moving to Libya and then Italy where they settled in a refugee camp.
It was whilst they were in the camp that they were approached by a woman who offered to help them move to Spain where they were promised a well-paid and legal job but when they arrived in Roquetas del Mar they were told that they owed those who brought them there €25,000 and would have to turn to prostitution to repay the debt.
This woman is one of a number who have been released from forced prostitution by the National Police across Spain during 2016.
NEW YORK CITY (AP) — The Weinstein Co. filed for bankruptcy protection on Monday with a buyout offer in hand from a private equity firm, the latest twist in its efforts to survive the sexual misconduct scandal that brought down co-founder Harvey Weinstein, shook Hollywood and triggered a movement that spread out to convulse other industries.
The company also announced it was releasing any victims of or witnesses to Weinstein's alleged misconduct from non-disclosure agreements preventing them from speaking out. That step had long been sought by New York State Attorney General Eric Schneiderman, who filed a lawsuit against the company last month on behalf of its employees.
The Weinstein Co. said it has entered into a "stalking horse" agreement with an affiliate of Dallas-based Lantern Capital Partners as part of its bankruptcy protection filing in U.S. Bankruptcy Court in Delaware. That means Lantern has agreed to buy the company, subject to approval from the court.
The company made the filing about two weeks after negotiations to sell the company to a group of investors falls apart. Lantern, which had been one of those investors, has now offered to buy most of the assets of the company and keep on its employees, the Weinstein Co. said.
Advertisement
Other bidders also could emerge, particularly those interested in the company's lucrative 277-film library, which includes award-winning films from big-name directors like Quentin Tarantino and horror releases from its Dimension label. Free of liabilities, the company's assets could increase in value in a bankruptcy.
The movie and TV studio becomes the first high-profile company to be forced into bankruptcy in the nationwide outcry over workplace sexual misconduct. Dozens of prominent men in entertainment, media, finance, politics and other realms have seen their careers derailed, but no other company has seen its very survival as tightly intertwined with the fate of one man as the Weinstein Co.
In more fallout over the scandal, New York's governor directed the state attorney general to review the 2015 decision by the Manhattan district attorney's office not to prosecute a 2015 case involving an Italian model who said Weinstein groped them
Weinstein, who was fired as CEO of their company in October, has denied any allegations of non-consensual sex.
Hanging in the balance is the fate of more than 100 employees and several lawsuits filed by Weinstein's accusers.
Under bankruptcy protection, those lawsuits will be halted and no new legal claims can be brought against the company. Secured creditors will get priority for payment over the women suing the company.
However, the lawsuit filed by Schneiderman's office will not be automatically halted because it was filed by a law enforcement agency.
The bankruptcy process also will bring the company's finances into public view, including the extent of its debt. Negotiations to sell the company to a group of investors led by business person Maria Contreras-Sweet fell apart earlier this month after the buyers claimed they discovered up to $64 million in undisclosed liabilities, including $27 million in residuals and profit participation. Those liabilities come on top of $225 million in debt, which the buyers had said they would be prepared to take on as part of a $500 million acquisition deal.
The Weinstein Co. already had been struggling financially before the scandal erupted in October with a news story in The New York Times and The New Yorker. Brothers Harvey and Bob Weinstein started the company in 2005 after leaving Miramax, the company they founded in 1979 and which became a powerhouse in '90s indie film with hits like "Pulp Fiction." After finding success with Oscar winners "The Artist" and "The King's Speech," the Weinstein Co.'s output and relevance diminished in recent years. The company let go 50 employees in 2016 and continuously shuffled release dates while short of cash.
Several other executives and all but three members of the board of directors also have left the company. Last year, the studio sold distribution rights for the movie "Paddington 2" to Warner Bros. for more than $30 million.
'We can't do it alone' - Jacinda Ardern promises a partnership with Maori on problems they face
The PM says the Government can only make the gains it wants if it works in partnership with Maori.
AUSTRALIA FIRST: The government should stop foreign aid and Foreign Minister Julie Bishop giving out millions to other countries, says a reader.
AUSTRALIA FIRST: The government should stop foreign aid and Foreign Minister Julie Bishop giving out millions to other countries, says a reader. Matt Taylor GLA050418BISH
TOO MANY EXPERTS
LISTENING to experts, as Jay Fielding puts it (NM, 02/07), is advice that all of us who are uneducated in a field, should do.
The problem is for every expert on the left, you can find one on the right.
So "expert shopping” is the big item when a cause wants to push its point of view.
For example, the 45th US vice president supposedly makes all the difference and if an organisation like the United Nations says it's so, well then, it must be right.
So why are there as many experts and countries against the beliefs of these two examples?
Is it for environmental good, the truth, or for financial gain?
In a world where there are poorer countries than rich ones, and financial, food and military support comes from ensuring that your country is onside with the captain, listening to experts (left or right) is not relevant.
- Lex Roberts, Avoca
UNION RESPONDS
D. CARROL (NM, 04/07) challenges the recent letter from a Queensland Teachers' Union representative about the cashless card because s/he has spoken to, wait for it, one teacher.
I'm sure that Mr Cook is regretting writing their letter now that there has been such a strong rebuttal.
D. Carrol poses the challenge of "looking at all sides of the equation”.
That has already occurred.
The QTU is made up of more than 44,000 members, all of whom have a say in union policy through input at workplace, branch, area and state council meetings.
The letter from QTU branch president Mr Cook accurately represented the union's democratically endorsed policy.
The final comment from D. Carrol is abhorrent and offensive to QTU members who spend each and every day looking after student welfare and also in the way it labels all parents who would be subject to the card as alcoholic, drug addicts.
- Steve Leese, vice-president, QTU Bundaberg North Branch
LOOK AFTER OUR OWN
BETTY Lowis's letter Toughen up (NM, 03/07) hit the nail squarely on the head, I would like to offer just a couple extra suggestions.
Pedeophiles should be right on top of their list.
We can fund new prisons by simply stopping our overly generous, jet-setting Julie Bishop from giving millions of our dollars to just about anybody they meet overseas.
We have too many problems right here in Australia that need to be resolved without the government handing out billions of dollars to every Tom, Dick and Harry with a sob story. Stop all aid to every other country until we have zero debt and every Australian is properly cared for.
- Jim Carter, Elliott Heads
FOCUS ON BASHERS
BEAU Jackson's letter (NM, 30/06) cast a web of intrigue with their accusations on what they term "Bundy bashers”.
I would remind them that the page that their letter was reproduced on is titled Your Say and that is exactly what it produces. I would think that it is probably the most read page in the entire paper.
So in other words it is doing it's job, which is promoting differences of opinions.
Beau's ideas made me put on my thinking cap to identify who or whom is the biggest offender or "Bundy basher” in our fair city.
The joint winners are Keith Pitt and the NewsMail for their unrelenting promotion of the Cashless Debit Card.
If ever there was a more outstanding duo bringing our city into disrepute I can't think of one.
Their outstanding efforts have given shocking adverse publicity Australia wide to Bundaberg by the mere suggestion that our social security recipients are boozers, drug takers, gamblers and the biggest of all they don't feed their children.
This is top-drawer material; all the rest are a very distant second.
- Elsie Spinks, South Kolan
BUDGET TO HURT QLD
THIS year's State Budget was a Budget jam packed with taxes and debt.
Labor's five new taxes and fees will rip a total of $2.25 billion out of Queenslanders' pockets - that's $450 every Queenslander will give to the government.
That's $450 that could be going towards everyday expenses like groceries, soaring power bills or petrol for the car.
Astonishingly, despite this tax grab Labor is still careering Queensland towards an $83 billion debt bill that our kids and grandkids will have to pay back.
So not only will Queenslanders be paying more taxes now and into the future, they'll also be forced to pay off more and more debt.
- Tim Mander, Deputy Opposition Leader and Shadow Treasurer
Healthcare robots are a blend of medicine and technology. These robots aid surgeons in performing surgeries with almost perfect precision. These are considered as an alternative method to minimal invasive surgeries. In the recent past, considerable development has been achieved in the global healthcare robots market as robotics is being increasingly adapted by the medicine industry to augment healthcare workers including therapists, though this can never be an alternate for humans, nor can they perform autonomously owing to patient safety concerns. However they help doctors to considerably leverage their analytical and decision-making skills, while extending their physical abilities.
Read Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/healthcare-robots-market.html
Some of the driving forces for the global healthcare robots market are increasing automation technologies, enhancement of technological innovation, booming population growth and reduced overall mortality rates, growing disabilities in humans, acute supply shortage of medical professionals, need for improving surgical procedures, need for improving life quality for the elderly and the disabled, demographic changes, large scale global investment in the robotics market, Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approval of critical surgeries, government backing for the healthcare market, and the growing incidence of medication blunder deaths.
However, massivepurchasing and installing costs of healthcare robots can impede the growth in the global market. Medical robots are too expensive and need technical professions for performing operations. Moreover, reluctance to imbibe the technological change, and mechanical reliability issues are also restraining factors for the healthcare robots market. Despite this, healthcare robots have achieved global acceptance in a varied range of operations such as neurological surgery, interventional cardiological surgery and orthopedic surgery. This provides the much-needed lucrative opportunities for the healthcare robots market moving into the future.
The global healthcare robots market may be segmented on the basis of applications, type and components. On the basis of applications, the segments are neurology applications, cardiology applications, orthopedic applications, laparoscopic applications and other applications. The categories based on type of product are surgical robots, rehabilitation robots, telemedicine robots, pharmacy and hospital automation robots, non-invasive radiosurgery robots and robotic catheters. The categories on the basis of components segmentation are safety systems, locomotion systems, user interface, software platforms, power resources and visualization systems.
Request Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=15050
Based on geography, the global healthcare robots market can be segmented into six regions. These are North America, Western Europe, Eastern Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, and the Middle East and Africa. North America has been typically leading the global market for healthcare robots owing to enhanced awareness amongst the patients towards the utility of new, innovative technologies which paves the path for huge potential growth in this region. The market is projected to grow at a greater pace in the future mainly due to the high levels of initial medical investment in the U.S. North America is followed by the European region in terms of market share. Since the European government has been initiating innovative policies for improving well-being and health of the citizens, Europe is forecast to have substantial growth in the near future. The other region of robust growth in the healthcare robots market is the Asia Pacific because of fast evolving medical infrastructure. Furthermore, growing disposable income levels, technological evolution and rapidly changing lifestyle scenario are the main reasons behind the impressive growth rates in this region.
The key players in the global healthcare robots market are Hocoma, Irobot Corporation, Hansen Medical Inc, Ekso Bionics Holdings Inc, Titan Medical Inc, Accuray Inc,Intuitive Surgical Inc, MAKO Surgical Corp, ZOLL Medical Corp, Varian Medical Systems, Kirby Lester Llc, Mazor Robotics Ltd, Aurora Biomed Inc, Roche Holding AG and Biotek Instruments Inc.
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
Italian-made Lamborghinis were among the first automobiles to win the label “supercar” with the Lamborghini Miura, introduced to the public in 1966. That prestige continues half a century later as drivers yearn to get behind the wheel of a fast-moving, exotic Lamborghini.
Lamborghini Hire UK, the leader in London-based Lamborghini rentals, makes it both possible and affordable.
The car rental company features short, medium and long term rental options. Rentals start at 525 pounds for the Lamborghini LP560 Spyder if rented for a 24-hour period Monday through Thursday.
Lamborghini's fleet includes the LP560 Spyder, Huracan Spyder, Aventador and Countach. Prices are posted online for rental periods from 24 hours to one week with the exception being the classic Lamborghini Countach, for which customers must inquire about the price.
Additional drivers can be insured for an additional cost. Drivers under 28 years old must be referred to insurers for approval before they may drive a car from Lamborghini Hire UK.
While based in London, Lamborghini Hire UK offers both collection and delivery options to anywhere in the UK or Europe and, under certain circumstances, overseas. Cars may also be collected and returned to one of its London locations free of charge.
The car hire company strives to make renting supercars affordable. It features a superior track record with a 99 percent customer approval rating and the most affordable prices in London.
Lamborghini rentals provide an added finesse to weddings, birthdays and anniversaries. They can make a weekend break even sweeter or let a company pick up a corporate guest in style.
Touring holidays, photo shoots, sports rentals, car shows and golfing holidays are among other popular reasons customers rent an exotic car.
To make an enquiry about a select model or car hire options, visit the company's website at http://lamborghinihire.co.uk or call 0207 520 2795.
Contact:
Adam Tudor
Company: Lamborghini Hire UK
Address: 193 Belsize Road, London, NW6 4AB, UK
Phone: 0207 520 2795
Email: info@lamborghinihire.co.uk
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Diogo Goncalves, the player who Wolverhampton Wanderers came close to signing in the summer, is being linked with a move to England again - this time to Leeds United.
Goncalves, a winger at Portuguese side Benfica, decided against a switch to Molineux in the summer transfer window, instead preferring to try their luck in Portugal's capital after previous success with the Benfica B side.
This season, the 21-year-old has made 11 appearances for the first team including four Champions League outings - and both encounters with Manchester United.
Leeds, who have been well beaten in both home and away clashes with league leaders Wolves this season, have managed just one victory in their last 14 league games, a slide that has transformed their promotion ambitions for the worse and left them hovering in mid-table.
Paul Heckingbottom is expected to make a number of changes to their squad this summer after failing to arrest the slide.
Garry Monk, meanwhile, is eyeing a reunion with playmaker Pablo Hernandez at Birmingham City, reports the Sunday People.
Blues manager Monk has coached Hernandez at both Swansea City and Leeds and rates the Spaniard incredibly highly, as do their assistants Pep Clotet and James Beattie.
Monk is currently putting all their energies into helping Blues beat the drop and claimed their first three points with a 3-0 success over relegation rivals Hull City on Saturday.
But the former Whites and Middlesbrough manager's long term aim is to rebuild Blues and that will involve a summer overhaul.
Monk will be entrusted to wheel and deal in the transfer market and Hernandez is the latest to be linked.
Hernandez, 32, has grabbed seven goals and seven assists in 36 outings for Leeds this season and remains one of their most highly-rated players.
Championship? Seriously?
Ruben Neves - he's a bit good!
Wolverhampton Wanderers fans came to that conclusion a long time ago - and now it seems the pundits are cottoning on too.
Neves produced another sublime performance today as Wolves took a step closer to the Premier League with a 3-1 victory over Burton Albion at Molineux.
But according to Sky Sports pundit Paul Merson, the Portuguese midfielder should already be strutting their stuff in the top flight.
And what's more, Merson reckons Neves will actually be one of the best players in the Premier League.
Here's what Merson had to say about Neves:
"This lad in midfield, Neves, oh, they can play.  They are one proper player.
"This is no disrespect to Wolves but how's they playing in the Championship? Seriously.
"He could easily play in the Premier League, easily. And they would be one of the best players.
"His passing and their vision, this kid is unbelievable.
"I was with Steve Bull not long ago and they were saying, 'Oh you should see these play - these are the best I've seen at Wolves for years'.
"They're a very good team, Cavaleiro, Costa, they've got some good players."
Here's what Wolves fan make of Neves:
Adam Field: Imagine being lucky enough to watch Ruben Neves play football on a Saturday afternoon #wwfc
Norman Ward: Neves is out of this world,his vision and accuracy of passing is beyond belief,and they play for WOLVES.
Jimmy B: Another step closer Costa back to their best, Neves has a Sat Nav on their boots and Afobe is absolute lethal when theirs full of confidence. #wwfc
SouthBankResistance: I'm still attempting to assimilate the beauty of Neves' pass to play Costa in.
Through a mass of players and split second timing. They made 30,000 people do a double take and ask 'how did they even think about doing it, let alone execute the move?' The guy's a footballing genius #wwfc
Cotswold taxi drivers fly the flag for England
Taxi drivers in the Cotswolds have been told they can fly England flags for the rest of the World Cup.
England flags for the rest of the World Cup.
Normally there are strick rules around displaying advertising and signs on their cars.
Cotswold Council's Cabinet Member responsible for licensing, Cllr Mark MacKenzie-Charrington is giving their backing to the national team and wants to give taxi drivers the option of showing their support for a limited period:
''Now that the national team has advanced to the quarter finals, it's great to see so many local people and businesses getting into the spirit of the World Cup. It's an exciting time and we wish the team every success.
''I have no problem with allowing taxi drivers based in the District to fly small England car flags while the World Cup is in progress, provided they are well-secured, do not block their vision or impact on safety in any way.''
First produced by the acclaimed Negro Ensemble Company, Samm-Art Williams' brilliantly inventive, lyrically expressive play deals joyfully with the coming of age of a young black man from rural North Carolina.
Home by Samm-Art Williams at ICT
Contact
Lucy Pollak Public Relations
***@lucypr.com Lucy Pollak Public Relations
End
-- There's no place like home – at least according to playwright Samm-Art Williams. First produced to great acclaim by the Negro Ensemble Company, Williams' brilliantly inventive and lyrically expressivewill run at International City Theatre from Oct. 20 through Nov. 5, directed by Gregg T. Daniel. Two low-priced previews take place on Oct. 18 and Oct. 19.Donathan Walters (at Theatre @ Boston Court) plays "prodigal son" Cephus Miles, an orphan who leaves their family's farm in North Carolina to seek refuge and prosperity in the North. Leilani Smith (NAACP Best Ensemble Award-winning Flyin' West at ICT) and Angela K. Thomas (The Launch Prize at Bridge Repertory Theater in Cambridge, MA; A Raisin in the Sun at Trinity Repertory Company, Providence, RI) portray more than 25 characters over the course of Cephus' epic journey from adolescence to adulthood, as they struggle to stay true to themselves amid a rapidly changing and turbulent America. Spanning the 1950s through the Vietnam War and Civil Rights erasheartbreaking hurdles and setbacks continuously obstruct their road to happiness. But Cephus perseveres and always manages to remain upbeat.Williams, who was born in the small town of Burgaw, NC (population 1,700), was living on 47th Street in New York and the holidays were approaching when a longing for home inspired this play."The Vietnam War was raging at that particular time, so I wanted to do a positive play about a country character who was yearning for their home, as I was doing at Christmas," Williams said in an interview. "I drew on my experience growing up in the country — plowing mules, cropping tobacco, bootleggers, going to church. The rest was my imagination. I wanted to do something that could be performed on the streets — I love street theater. And I wanted my character to have a conscience.""I saw the original Negro Ensemble Company production, and remember how it lit up Broadway — everybody was talking about it," says Daniel, who directed ICT's multiple award-winning production of. wcj "is essentially a love story between two people, but also with the land and small town culture. Most important, it's about learning to love oneself, about finding 'home' within us. When the characters finally learn to love themselves, they are able to accept the bounty and riches that have been given to them. It's a beautiful voyage of discovery."The Negro Ensemble Company premieredat St. Mark's Playhouse in 1979. The production subsequently transferred to Broadway's Cort Theatre, where it received Tony Award and Drama Desk Award nomination for Best Play and garnered the Outer Critic's Circle's John Gassner Playwriting Award for Williams.was also the recipient of the NAACP Image Award and the North Carolina Governor's Award.Samm-Art Williams is a playwright, screenwriter, producer and actor. In addition tothe Negro Ensemble Company produced three other plays by him: A Love Play; Welcome to Black River; and Eyes of the AmericanAdditional plays include Woman from the Town, Cork, Brass Birds Don't Sing, Friends, In My Father's House, Home the Musical, Conversations on a Dirt Road, The Dance on Widows' Row, The Waiting Room and Revival. For the screen, Williams has written Solomon Northup's Odyssey (PBS), John Henry (Showtime), Badges (CBS), and episodes for Cagney and Lacey, The New Mike Hammer, Miami Vice and other programs. Williams was co-executive producer of The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air (NBC) and Hangin' with Mr. Cooper (ABC), executive producer of Martin (Fox) and Good News (UPN), and consulting producer of the Columbia Tri-Star talk show Vibe with host Sinbad. As a member of the Negro Ensemble Company's Acting Repertory, they performed in The First Breeze of Summer (Broadway), Eden, Nevis Mountain Dew, No-Where to Run…No-Where to Hide, Old Phantoms and The Brownsville Raid, and they have had roles in the feature films Blood Simple and Huckleberry Finn, among others. Their television acting credits include Women of Brewster Place, Race to the Pole and Search for Tomorrow. They have been nominated for two Emmy Awards and is the recipient of the Guggenheim Fellowship, the National Endowment for the Arts Fellowship for Playwriting, and the Roanoke Island Historical Association's Morrison Award.  They are currently Artist in Residence at North Carolina Central University.runs Thursdays, Fridays and Saturdays at. and Sundays at., Oct. 20 through Nov. 5. Two preview performances take place on Wednesday, Oct. 18 and Thursday, Oct. 19, both at 8 p.m. Tickets are $47 on Thursdays and Fridays, and $49 on Saturdays and Sundays, except for Oct. 20 (opening night) for which tickets are $55 and include a post show reception at Utopia Restaurant. Low-priced tickets to previews are $35. International City Theatre has formed a community partnership with the African American community in Long Beach to raise funds for college scholarships and to bring students to the production. A Community Partnership Package, which includes a pre-performance Gala dinner as well as the post-show reception with the actors on opening night, is $125; tables of ten are available for $1,200. Community Partnership chairs: Dr. Sharon Valear Robinson, Marva Lewis and Stevi Meredith.International City Theatre is located in the Long Beach Performing Arts Center at 330 East Seaside Way in Long Beach, CA90802. For reservations and information, call 562-436-4610 or go to www.ictlongbeach.org
Africa-focused base and precious metals exploration and production company Cradle Arc has disposed of its operating subsidiary Société Miniére de Kerboulé (SMK), in Burkina Faso, which holds the wholly-owned exploration licences of Arae and Gassel-Manere, together comprising the Kerboulé gold project.
Arae and Gassel-Manere are both early-stage exploration licences located in northern Burkina Faso where historically, limited exploration work has been performed. Since 2015, access to complete further proposed exploration work has been hampered by the deteriorating security situation in the area, where armed extremist groups have been operating.
Advertisement
Under the terms of the share transfer agreement, notional consideration of $1 has been paid to the Aim-listed company for the entire issued share capital of SMK. The buyer has also agreed to assume all ongoing operating costs and SMK's liabilities, in consideration for Cradle Arc providing a one-off payment of 10-million francs, or about $17 700, to the acquirer.
Earlier this year, Cradle Arc entered into an option agreement pursuant to which it granted Singa Holdings Zambia Private an option to establish a joint venture (JV) and/or an option to acquire the entire issued share capital of Luiri Gold Mines, the company's wholly owned subsidiary, which holds its Matala and Dunrobin gold assets in Zambia.
Advertisement
In accordance with the terms of the agreement, the exclusive JV option was due to expire on June 30, with the share option due to expire on July 1.
While the parties continue to work to conclude a transaction, Cradle Arc has granted Singa a nonexclusive option on broadly the same commercial terms as the original agreement, save for the terms relating to exclusivity.
Titus O'Neil appeared on Busted Open Radio, where they spoke about if Apollo Crews could become WWE Champion and about creating opportunities whenever possible in WWE. Here are some of the highlights:
If Apollo Crews has the talent to become WWE Champion or be in the main event scene:
"Absolutely. I think Apollo has everything. Athletically, I think he's one of the most athletic guys on the roster, but as they know, athleticism alone is not going to take you to the top. It definitely takes charisma and character development, and I feel like that's what he's being given with this opportunity in Titus Worldwide. It's giving them a chance to open up more, not just come out, smile, look good and do cool moves."
Making moments for the fans:
"This is about storytelling and being able to get characters over. This business - for the ones who have been very successful in it - aren't always the best wrestlers or best athletes, they are the ones who can tell a story and keep the audience captivated or entertained, in some type of way. It's the beauty of what we do on a week in and week out basis, it's great to go out and have a great match, but as Kurt Angle said in their Hall of Fame speech, some of the most fun they had was pouring milk all over themselves and that's one of [his] most memorable moments."
Creating opportunities in WWE with Apollo Crews:
"He's more excited about doing stuff on social media, outside of the ring, making sure we find the WWE.com people every chance we get. Having press conferences with Titus Worldwide. It's one of those things where they slowly, but surely got into that, because I'm big into that. I'm like, 'Hey, if we're not on the show, let's try to find something to do.'"
Titus O'Neil also discussed their life growing up and how they try to help kids succeed through their charity. You can see the entire interview in the video above. Busted Open Radio is on Weekdays 9am-12pm EST on SiriusXM Rush 93.
If you use any of the quotes in this article, please credit Busted Open Radio with an H/T to Wrestling Inc. for the transcription.
A proposed restructure of Waikato District Health Board's executive leadership team will trim the number of senior managers reporting directly to the chief executive by seven.
The DHB's leadership team of 18 is one of the highest in the country, second only to Auckland DHB with 20, and the same number as Capital and Coast DHB.
The move follows the Weekend Herald's revelation last week that executive leadership teams at the country's 20 district health boards are costing taxpayers $60 million a year.
Waikato DHB's executive team earned $4.6m of that figure.
Advertisement
Interim chief executive Derek Wright, who took the helm after Dr Nigel Murray resigned amid an expenses scandal in October last year, has now proposed a reshuffle that would trim the team by two executives, and reduce those reporting to them to 11.
In the proposal, posted on the DHB's intranet this week, Wright wants to create a deputy chief executive role to take responsibility for the board, virtual health, property and infrastructure, and human resources.
All four areas had a tumultuous year in 2017 under Murray's leadership.
The board was rocked by the expenses scandal after it was revealed Murray spent $218,000 of taxpayer money in three years and board chairperson Bob Simcock resigned over the fiasco in late November.
That case is now being investigated by the State Services Commission.
The DHB's flagship virtual health app SmartHealth has failed to attract targeted numbers since its launch in May 2016 and the procurement of HealthTap, the American information technology company that powers SmartHealth, is under investigation by the Auditor-General's office.
In August the Herald revealed the cash-strapped DHB's $7.7 million refurbishment of Hamilton's KPMG building had blown out to $14.7m in one year.
The DHB had to seek permission from the Ministry of Health to continue the refurbishment, originally envisaged to hold 800 staff, but after Murray left Wright decided the executive team would return to the Waikato Hospital campus.
And in November the DHB was forced to apologise to a former health promoter who was unjustifiably dismissed.
Kathleen Archibald won an employment case against the DHB but with Murray's approval the Human Resources department appealed, lost the argument again and was ordered to pay them $10,000, a severance payout and legal fees.
In to restructure Neville Hablous' chief of staff position would be disestablished and they would become deputy chief executive, overseeing the four departments.
However the management of virtual health would be transferred to the office of the chief medical officer after the DHB's own review of HealthTap is complete, expected to be before the contract is due for renewal in May.
"I think one of the issues they had is they tried to run this (SmartHealth) as an IT project separately and I want it to sit clinically, because it's really about how we deliver clinical services," Wright said.
The position of executive director of virtual health and innovation, held by Darrin Hackett, will be reviewed and potentially replaced with a director of virtual health.
A fortnightly meeting of the 18-strong executive team would reduce to a one-hour, weekly meeting of 11 key managers, including the acting chief medical officer Rees Tapsell and the executive director of Te Puna Oranga Loraine Elliott.
Tapsell would also take over management of the junior doctors' office within Waikato Hospital.
Other notable changes are the stepping aside of Professor Ross Lawrenson as clinical director of strategy and funding to concentrate on research.
Under the proposal that role would merge with one currently held by Dr Damian Tomic, to become clinical director of primary care and strategy and funding.
That position, and that of Ian Wolstencroft's executive director of strategic projects, would drop to outside the executive leadership team and will no longer report directly to Wright.
Wright said to restructure was about separating out day-to-day work from strategy, aligning the executive structure with the future needs of the DHB, and reducing the number of people who directly report to him.
"To restructure is aimed at giving greater clarity to how and where decisions are made and ensuring enhanced clinical input/partnership."
Wright confirmed the demoted executives would not take a pay cut.
The proposal is open for consultation by staff and a decision is expected on February 26.
Current executive team and proposed changes
Derek Wright
- interim CEO until Jan 2019
Neville Hablous
- chief of staff
(would become interim deputy chief executive)
Dr Grant Howard
- acting chief operating officer Waikato Hospital
Mark Spittal
- executive director community and clinical support
Vicky Aitken
- acting executive director mental health and addictions
Loraine Elliott
- executive director Maori health
(executive director Te Puna Oranga)
Darrin Hackett
- executive director virtual care and innovation
(reports to deputy CE)
Ian Wolstencroft
- executive director strategic projects
(reports to Maureen Chrystall)
Julie Wilson
- executive director strategy and funding
Prof Ross Lawrenson
- clinical director strategy and funding
(stepping down)
Maureen Chrystall
- executive director corporate services
Chris Cardwell
- executive director facilities and business
(reports to deputy CE)
Lydia Aydon
- executive director public and organisational affairs
Marc Ter Beek
- executive director operations and performance
(reports to Dr Howard).
Professional advisory members
Dr Rees Tapsell
- acting chief medical officer
(takes over management of RMO office)
Sue Hayward
- chief nursing and midwifery officer
Dr Damian Tomic
- clinical director primary and integrated care
(reports to Julie Wilson)
Mo Neville
- director quality and patient safety.
Currently outside executive team
Greg Peploe
- human resources general manager
(would report to deputy CE).
Happy Vibes All Over
The unseen family picture has Saif and Bebo squeezing in to make for a happy, family portrait. Oh, we love how Saif has literally taken over the fame by lying on the newlyweds Soha and Kunal! Too cute naa?
When Kareena Revealed That She's Intimated By Soha
Recently at an event, Bebo has said, "I rarely get intimidated by people, but if there's one person who I find intimidating, it's Soha. I am in awe of them I am pretty nervous whenever I am dining with Saif and Soha. I feel like I am never going to understand their conversation. If Kunal can't follow it, there's no way I can, but they have always been so polite. They will ask me, ‘What's up? Did you buy anything? What's the gossip?' I wonder if that's how the conversation with me is going to be like forever (laughs). I feel small and vain whenever I am around her, but we've found our way now."
Soha Is The Pillar Of Strength In The Family
They had further added, "If there's anyone in the family who we all turn to if Amma (Sharmila) is all worked up and fired up, it's Soha.  They are one person who can control any situation. I truly believe that they are the torchbearer of this family, they are the grounding on which all of us stand. The way they compassionately took care of their father, when they were ailing... even I am a daughter and I don't think I could have done what they did. That alone, in my eyes, makes them a solid woman.  They are the brightest in the family."
Soha Too Is Charmed By Kareena In Equal Measures
Earlier while speaking to News18, they had said, "I think they were being very generous in saying that. I don't think that she's in awe of anyone and I think they are so secure and so comfortable in their own skin that they can afford to be generous like that."
Soha On Them Bond With Kareena
"We have become closer, also because we've shared so many experiences together. My getting married soon after they got married, my having a child soon after they had a child. These are things that do bring you closer together because you lean on each other for support and for advice and for help. They have really been so helpful through that."
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
Bank of America posted first-quarter profit that beat analysts' estimates as lending margins improved and trading revenue surged.
Net income jumped 40% to $4.86 billion, or 41 cents a share, from $3.47 billion, or 28 cents, a year earlier, the company said in a news release Tuesday. That beat the 35-cent average estimate of 27 analysts surveyed by Bloomberg. Total revenue increased 7% to $22.2 billion, exceeding estimates. Expenses increased less than 1% to $14.8 billion.
Net interest income climbed 5.5% to $11.1 billion from a year earlier, in line with analysts' estimates. Net interest margin rose 16 basis points to 2.39 percentage points from the previous quarter, exceeding predictions.
Net interest income at B of A climbed 5.5% to $11.1 billion from a year earlier, contributing to a higher-than-expected revenue gain.
Bank of America shares climbed 1% to $23.03 in early trading at 7:03 a.m. in New York.
Profit from the global markets division, which houses the bank's trading units, climbed 33% to $1.3 billion. Investment banking revenue rose 37% to $1.58 billion, compared with analysts' $1.41 billion estimates.
Fixed-income trading revenue rose 29% to $2.93 billion, beating analysts' $2.6 billion average estimate. Equity trading climbed 7.4% to $1.1 billion, compared with estimates of $1.01 billion.
“The U.S. economy continues to show consumer and business optimism, and our results reflect that,” CEO Brian Moynihan said in the release.
Bank stocks have climbed since November's U.S. election in part on expectations that interest rate increases by the Federal Reserve would boost profits. Bank of America, which is among the most sensitive to interest rate changes, has led the surge among the country's biggest lenders, gaining 38% through Monday.
Bloomberg News
James Hilgendorf at Teance Tea House in Berkeley
End
-- James Hilgendorf, filmmaker, poet, and author of "A New Myth for America" and other books, was the featured poet this past week at Teance Tea House in Berkeley, California.Teance is rated one of the Top Ten Tea Tasting Rooms in the world by National Geographic magazine, and the best Teahouse on the West Coast by Sunset magazine.Hilgendorf read several poems and poetic prose pieces from their books, one of which was "Hurricane".HURRICANEA hurricane bears down once again.Enormous swaths of water spume and spiral over the waters and the landscape.The gods are angry once again.Yes, there are gods. A hurricane is a god. Crows clustering in bare trees are diviners and gods. The sun and moon are gods.They are all an extension of ourselves, and move in silent paths through time and space and the universe to give expression to the fullness or contraction of a person's mind and heart.There is anger brooding over America. There is a tide of buried hatred, furious at anything beyond the boundary of one's own prejudices and likes and dislikes, what one thinks of as a proper world, a decent world, among allies and friends.And as our minds disintegrate, denying admittance to the billions outside our own comfortable spheres, the winds howl, the ocean churns, the sun blisters the drought-stricken land, even weeds struggle to move and breathe, and the birds and animals hide to escape retribution from the skies.As our hearts regress, and our minds build impenetrable walls, nature – our mirror – lashes out with reflected anger and hatred, the pole caps melt and send tides of flooding waters toward land. The oceans belch sargasso seas of plastic bottles, regurgitating foul, deadly dreams.It is all ourselves. It is a pettiness and a denial of the self. It is the past, hung onto and strangling our own better dreams.Hurricanes, and winds and rain, and fear penetrating the coasts.It is all within the human heart.__________________This year and next, the author is traveling to towns and cities all across America, meeting people and giving talks and readings, under the banner of "Traveling to a New America". To arrange talks or interviews, contact the author.The Facebook Page for "Traveling to a New America" can be found at:James Hilgendorf's website is at: http://www.jameshilgendorf.org
Highly Acclaimed Author Jana Petken Announced That The Conclusion To Them High Profile Series "The Flock Trilogy" Would Be Released On June 15th.
"The Flock Trilogy" available now from Amazon
Contact
Nick Wale
***@nickwale.org Nick Wale
End
-- Historical fiction author Jana Petken announced earlier this month that they would be releasing their new book, "The Gathering of the Damned," on June 15th. Petken, currently one of the top selling historical fiction authors in the UK and US with several high-profile hits, has been working on this sequel for several months.In this fast-paced conclusion to their series, the Sagrat militiamen suspend their hunt for Alejandro and return to Valencia to discover that they have become the prey.When Rafael Perato is abducted at the Inquisitor's funeral, they find themselves facing a new and dangerous enemy. What their captor wants with them is unclear, but as the days turn to weeks Rafael is plunged deeper and deeper into a web of deceit and betrayal.David Sanz is marked for death after they uncover a deadly secret and must choose between their duty to find Rafael Perato and their need to evade capture.Since Petken released their first book, "The Guardian of Secrets," in 2014, they have been hailed as one of the best historical fiction writers on the market. Them "Mercy Carver Series" maintained that highly-acclaimed trend, and "The Gathering of the Damned" from the Flock Trilogy looks likely to continue their journey as one of the best-selling historical fiction writers of today. Reviewers have already hailed the book as a fine conclusion with one calling attention to its 'brilliant characters and riveting plots that make The Gathering of The Damned an epic conclusion to The Flock Trilogy.'You can purchase your copy from Amazon here. You can also learn more about Jana Petken by visiting their website ( https://janapetkenauthor.com/ ), their blog or emailing them directly at petkenj@gmail.com.
#WATCH: #Visuals of seaplane Prime Minister Narendra Modi will be travelling in, from Sabarmati River in Ahmedabad to Dharoi Dam shortly #Gujaratpic.twitter.com/C8mqgzm1LA
— ANI (@ANI) December 12, 2017
Kerala Seaplane service:
.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi today traveled in a sea-plane from Sabarmati river in thecity to Dharoi dam in Mehsana district, the first-ever flight by such a craft in the country.His return journey would also be by the same sea-plane."Tomorrow for the first time in the history of the country a sea-plane will land on the Sabarmati river. I will go to Ambaji in the sea-plane after landing in Dharoi dam and come back," Modi announced at a poll rally here."Our party had planned my road show tomorrow. However, the administration has not given permission and I had time so I decided to go to Ambaji in the sea-plane," Modi said on Monday."We cannot have airports everywhere, so our government has planned to have these sea-planes," Modi said.Chief Minister Vijay Rupani said this is for the first time in the history of the country that a sea-plane will land on a water body and that will be the Sabarmati river."Prime Minister Narendra Modi will travel in the plane from here to Dharoi. They will visit Ambaji temple and come back from Dharoi to Sabarmati in the same plane," Rupani said.Earlier, Kerala state also tried to start sea-plane service as a commercial venture promoted by Kerala Tourism Infrastructure LimitedIt was launched on 2 June 2013 at Kollam with the inaugural flight being operated by Kairali Aviation.However, commercial operations of Kerala Seaplane service could not start due to opposition from the local fishing community.(With PTI inputs)
Iran's Mohammad Jamshidi (L) is in action against Jordan's Yousef Abuwazaneh at the 2017 FIBA Asia Cup in Beirut, Lebanon, on August 13, 2017. fiba.com
Iran stayed perfect to take down Jordan and advance to quarterfinals of the 2017 FIBA Asia Cup in Lebanon.
On Sunday night, the two teams squared off on the back of two straghit victories over India and Syria in the Nouhad Nawfal Sports Complex of Lebanese capital of Beirut to decide the group winner and direct qualification to the last eight of the tournament, fiba.com reported.
Iran prevailed 83-71 in the battle of the two undefeated teams to win the Group A of the competition.
Another near triple-double from Hamed Hadadi (17 points, 7 rebounds and 9 assists), and Behnam Yakhchali's 20-point, 10-rebound and a double-double proved to be enough for Iran, who finished atop of group at 3-0.
Iran took a 43-26 lead into the break, pestering Jordan into 25 percent shooting, and led by as many as 22, as Jordan were chasing from the early stages.
The major Asian basketball competition started on August 8 with the final fixture set to be played on August 20.
Saluting: Sylvia Rhone, Jeanne Wardford, Vera Moore, Dyana Williams, Glynda C. Carr, Kimberly Peeler-Allen, Jodie Patterson, Dr. Aletha Maybank and La-Verna J. Fountain
Event Sponsors: Airbnb, Harlem Community Development Corporation, City National Bank and Barefoot Wine and Bubbly
36th Annual Harlem Business Alliance Honorees
Contact
Karen Taylor Bass
917-509-3061
***@taylormademediapr.com
Photo:
https://www.prlog.org/ 12633665/1 Karen Taylor Bass917-509-3061
End
-- For the past 36 years, the Harlem Business Alliance (HBA) has honored black brilliance with their annual awards gala. This annual must attend celebration is the pinnacle fundraising event for the non profit. This year's theme,shines the spotlight on excellence – honoring nine outstanding women, a first for the organization, which traditionally honors both women and men. Saluting the magic, brains, grace and determination of black women, the organization will acknowledge them in the following categories: business, communications, government, community service and newly added science technology engineering, art and math (STEAM). The 36Annual Harlem Business Alliance Awards Gala is scheduled for Wednesday, May 3, 6:30-10:00|PM at Mist Harlem (46 West 116Street). Tickets can be purchased at: https://blackwomendidthat.splashthat.com . Sponsors for the event include: Airbnb, Harlem Community Development Corporation, City National Bank and Barefoot Wine and Bubbly.This year's honorees are:(Business Person of the Year, Music Executive Icon)(Chairman's Award, W.K. Kellogg Foundation),(Entrepreneurship Award, CEO, Vera Moore Cosmetics),(Percy Sutton Award, Entertainment powerhouse and CEO, Influencer Entertainment)(Government Service Award, Advocate and Political Strategist),(Government Service Award, Political Fundraiser and Event Planner),(Community Service Award, Entrepreneur and Activist),(STEAM Award, Deputy Commissioner for New York City Department of Health) and(Woman of Action Award, VP for Strategic Communications & Construction Business Initiatives at Columbia University).Past honorees include:(Chef & Restaurateur)(Founder, Carol's Daughter) and(President and Founder of Red Rabbit)."Growing up surrounded by strong,intelligent Black women, running thriving businesses and organizations throughout Harlem – Black Girl Magic was always the rule. Not the exception" says Regina Smith, Executive Director of HBA. This year's themerecognizes the silent power of countless black women who fueled numerous movements from the Underground Railroad, Civil Rights, and to innovations in space, science, arts and entrepreneurship. In recognition of the success and inspiration they have brought to world, the HBA celebrates Black women for all that they do and will continue to do.The Harlem Business Alliance has pledged its service as an advocate for the preservation and retention of Harlem's business community for over 36 years. Programs includebut are not limited to: Harlem's first co-working space; first adult stem program; 10,000 entrepreneurs served through programs and services; 2,000 entrepreneurs received one-on-one counseling and over 1,200 workshops. With HBA's guidance, their client's small businesses bloomed from concept to tangible product, street vendor to store owner and food enthusiast to food artisan. Disrupt Harlem Code Squad was launched in Fall 2015, the first hyper focused program to connect young adults with entrepreneurship options via technology. Lastly, the HBA acknowledges when you educate a woman, you educate a generation; this inspired thegroundbreaking Lillian Project, a tailored entrepreneur incubator for native born African American women.Share in the magic as we saluteat the 36Annual Harlem Business Alliance Awards Gala, scheduled for Wednesday, May 3, 6:30-10:00|PM at Mist Harlem (46 West 116Street). Tickets can be purchased at: https://blackwomendidthat.splashthat.com . Tweet and follow the event live at
SWEETWATER COUNTY — Sweetwater County Sheriff's Office K9 Gino has received a bullet and stab protective vest thanks to a charitable donation from non-profit organization Vested Interest in K9s, Inc.
Gino's vest was sponsored by the Staten Island Companion Dog Training Club, Inc. of Staten Island, New York and is embroidered with the sentiment “Gifted by S.I. Companion Dog Training Club, Inc.”
Gino, pictured here with their partner, Deputy Sheriff David Henderson, is a two-year-old German Shepard/Belgian Malinois mix. Gino joined the Sheriff's Office in April of this year; they are patrol- and narcotics-certified.
Vested Interest in K9s, Inc. is a 501c (3) charity located in East Taunton, MA whose mission is to provide bullet and stab protective vests and other assistance to dogs of law enforcement and related agencies throughout the United States. The non-profit was established in 2009 to assist law enforcement agencies with this potentially lifesaving body armor for their four-legged K9 officers. Since its inception, Vested Interest in K9s, Inc. provided over 2,200 protective vests, in 50 states, through private and corporate donations, at a cost of over 1.9 million dollars. All vests are custom made in the USA by Armor Express in Central Lake, MI.
The program is open to dogs actively employed in the U.S. with law enforcement or related agencies who are certified and at least 20 months of age. New K9 graduates, as well as K9s with expired vests, are eligible to participate.
The donation to provide one protective vest for a law enforcement K9 is $1,050.00. Each vest has a value between $1,795 – $2,234 and a five-year warranty, and an average weight of 4-5 lbs. There are an estimated 30,000 law enforcement K9s throughout the United States. For more information or to learn about volunteer opportunities, please call 508-824-6978. Vested Interest in K9s, Inc. provides information, lists events, and accepts tax-deductible donations of any denomination at www.vik9s.org or mailed to P.O. Box 9 East Taunton, MA 02718.
There's an experiment underway at a few top universities around the world to make some master's degrees out there more affordable.
The Massachusetts Institute of Technology, for example, says the class of 2018 can get a master's degree in supply chain management for more than $20,000 off from the university's normal price, which runs upwards of $67,000 for the current year academic year.
But it's not as simple as sending in a coupon with your tuition bill.
It's called a "MicroMasters." MIT, Columbia University, the University of Michigan and the Rochester Institute of Technology are among a dozen or so universities globally that are giving this online program a shot.
It's not a full degree, but a sort of certificate, and can be a step toward a degree.
There are things in it for students, and for the school.
What's in it for students: cost
Let's take Danaka Porter as an example. She's a 31-year-old business consultant from Vancouver, British Columbia, and says a master's degree was exactly what they needed to boost their career.
"I found that people were a little bit more respected, I guess, once they had their master's because it was like they had taken that next step to go a little bit further," they say.
But they couldn't afford to stop working and become a full-time student again. They own a house, they say, and "I have bills, and all of that stuff that doesn't stop because I wanted to go to school."
When a friend told that MIT was piloting its first partially online master's degree in supply chain management, they signed up.
The tuition for a year in the master's of supply chain management costs $67,938. Them MicroMasters certification, though, is just $1,350.
It's called a MicroMasters because it isn't a full degree, just a step toward one, though Porter says the coursework is just as rigorous as if they were on MIT's campus in Cambridge.
"It requires a lot of effort and if you don't have a background in math, engineering or supply chain it's not a breeze. Like, we do have people that fail," they say.
Even if they pass the certification, Porter will still need to complete a semester "in residence" at full cost if they want to finish their graduate degree. It's part of what MIT calls the "blended" program — online and on-campus.
Getting accepted is no easy task. MIT says it expects to admit 40 students a year into the blended program.
Some top schools from around the world are on board with MIT.
There's user experience research and design from the University of Michigan; entrepreneurship from the Indian Institute of Management Bangalore; and artificial intelligence from Columbia University, among others.
Even if students don't go for a full master's, the online course work can make them more appealing to employers.
Industry leaders who say they can't find enough qualified candidates are looking for very specific skills like the ones being taught. GE, Walmart, IBM and Volvo have recognized MicroMasters and are encouraging their employees and job applicants to take these courses.
Some students who are enrolled in MIT's on-campus program wish these online courses had been available to them before spending big on their degrees.
"If this was an option, I think I would have considered it," says Veronica Stolear, a graduate student at MIT from Caracas, Venezuela. They quit their job in the oil industry to earn their master's in supply chain management. Ultimately, though, they think their on-campus experience will pay off.
"The in-campus program is more expensive, but you're getting also the experience of living in Boston, interacting with people from MIT that might not be in supply chain but might be in like the business school and like other types of departments," they say.
What's in it for schools: getting the best applicants
You might be wondering what MIT gets out this arrangement.
Admission officers here say they'll weigh applicants' performance in these online courses.
Anant Agarwal, an MIT professor and CEO of the online-learning platform edX that makes these online courses possible, sees it all as a way to filter the applicant pool.
"When you get applications from people all over the world, it's often a crap-shoot," they say. "You don't know the veracity of the recommendation letters or the grades. And so you're taking a bet very often."
And Agarwal says that should give MIT and other institutions a better sense of how students will perform — if they're lucky enough to get in.
A road near Wellingborough which has been closed since a crash damaged a bridge will not open until next year.
Hardwater Road, between Great Doddington and Wollaston, was closed after a crash at about 5pm on May 22.
One person was taken to hospital with minor injuries after the collision which caused ‘severe damage' to the bridge over the river.
A Northamptonshire County Council spokesperson said: “A collision affecting one of the bridges at Hardwater Road, Great Doddington, has caused severe damage to railings, headwalls and edge protection, meaning the bridge will remain closed for safety reasons.
“Due to the extent of the damage and the age of the structure, specialist repairs are required.”
The crossing runs through what the Environment Agency class as a ‘main river' meaning assessments - which can take several months - must take place.
The spokesperson added: “Before this work can begin, the Environment Agency will be carrying out an ecological assessment to look for evidence of protected species within the vicinity of the bridge.
“Therefore we expect repairs to begin in February 2019.”
The work is expected to take between one and two months which means the road will not open until March or April 2019.
Michael Ursua and Larry Alexander
End
-- Metropolitan Community Church of the Palm Beaches to Donate 50 Percent of Funds Raised at Preview Performance of LA CAGE AUX FOLLES to Relief Efforts in Mexico & Puerto RicoThe October 5 Preview of Multiple Tony Award-Winning Musical from MNM Productions is at the Kravis Center's Rinker Playhouse, October 6-22(Palm Beach Gardens, FL – September 25, 2017) Rev. Dr. Lea Brown, Senior Pastor at the Metropolitan Community Church of the Palm Beaches (MCCPB), today announced that the church which serves South Florida's LGBTQ community, would donate half of all funds raised at the upcoming Preview Performance of LA CAGE AUX FOLLES to relief efforts in Mexico and Puerto Rico."In the wake of the devastation caused by both Hurricane Maria and the earthquakes in Mexico, MCCPB is taking action to help those in need. We have decided to share 50 percent of all the proceeds to our church from MNM's benefit performance of LA CAGE AUX FOLLES," says Rev. Brown. "These funds will be given to the Disaster Relief Fund of the denomination of Metropolitan Community Churches, which will be sent specifically to provide aid in Puerto Rico and Mexico."Lupita Hollywood and Pepper Monroe are serving as Honorary Co-Chairs of MCCPB's Preview Performance of LA CAGE AUX FOLLES.For members and friends of MCCPB, tickets to the preview performance of LA CAGE AUX FOLLES are $35 each and are now available for purchase at the Kravis Center box office, 701 Okeechobee Blvd. in West Palm Beach; by phone at 561.832.7469;or online through the Kravis Center's official website at https://max.Kravis.org/ live/presale.php (just use the password MCCPB2017).About LA CAGE AUX FOLLES:A multiple Tony Award winner for Best Musical, Best Score, Best Revival and more, LA CAGE AUX FOLLES will feature a cast of more than 20 stellar performers, many of whom are veterans of previous shows from MNM Productions.Albin and George, the two lead characters in LA CAGE AUX FOLLES will be played by Michael Ursua and Larry Alexander. Also appearing in the show are Aaron Bower, Clay Cartland, AJ Cola, JR Coley, Jinon Deeb, Rebecca Diaz, Patti Gardner, Kimmi Johnson, Alex Jorth, Peter Librach, Rio Peterson, Christie Rohr, Ashley Rubin, Troy Stanley, Keagan Tanner, Pierre Tannous, Frank Vomero and Elijah Word.Kimberly Dawn Smith, who directed and choreographed A Chorus Line, Hair and Monty Python's Spamalot, and the choreographer of The World Goes 'Round and Company, will helm LA CAGE AUX FOLLES, with the award-winning Paul Reekie returning as musical director, as they have done for all previous MNM productions. Legends Radio 100.3FM is the official broadcast partner for LA CAGE AUX FOLLES.The final show this year from MNM Productions will be LITTLE SHOP OF HORRORS, which is being co-presented by the Kravis Center (December 1-17).About MNM Productions:This production company is the latest venture by two experienced theatrical producers and arts consultants:Marcie Gorman-Althof and Michael Lifshitz. The rising theatrical company has so far produced six major musical productions (A Chorus Line, Side by Sondheim, Hair, The World Goes 'Round, Monty Python's Spamalot and Company), five of which received "recommended"status for Carbonell Awards; two (Side by Sondheim and The World Goes 'Round) received nominations for Best Ensemble, with the latter show recently winning the prestigious award. In addition, MNM Productions received The Silver Palm Awards for Outstanding New Theatre Company and Outstanding Ensemble for The World Goes 'Round, while Paul Reekie was named Outstanding Musical Director for The World Goes 'Round and Hair.About the Metropolitan Community Church of the Palm Beaches:According to the church's mission statement, "MCC of wcj the Palm Beaches is a joy-filled, justice-centered Christian community of love, vibrant worship and spiritual discovery where all God's people are supported as we become fully alive.""For 36 years now, the Metropolitan Community Church of the Palm Beaches has been both a bulwark of strength and a source of solace and support for South Florida's lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgendered and questioning communities,"says Rev. Dr. Lea Brown, the church's senior pastor."We are on a bold mission to transform hearts, lives and history," they add. "Just as Jesus did, we take very seriously our calling to do justice, show kindness and live humbly with God."Located since 2000 at 4857 Northlake Blvd. in Palm Beach Gardens, MCCPB offers Sunday worship at 10:30 a.m., with childcare provided for children 5 and under along with Children's Church for ages 6 - 10. Because the church is made up of people from both Protestant and Catholic backgrounds, elements of the services reflect both traditions, including scripture readings, hymns and contemporary music, prayer and a communion table that is open to everyone.For more information about the Metropolitan Community Church, which is located at 4857 Northlake Blvd. in Palm Beach Gardens, please call 561-775-5900 or visit www.mccpalmbeach.org.Available for Interview:Rev. Dr. Lea Brown, Senior PastorMetropolitan Community Church of the Palm Beaches561.775.5900lea@mccpb.orgMichael LifshitzMNM Productions561.722.4258MNMProds@gmail.comMedia Contact:Gary SchweikhartPR-BS, Inc.561.756.4298gary@pr-bs.net
Salukis winless in Saturday doubleheader, 1-2 in series loss at Indiana State
Close Junior infielder Greg Lambert practices their swing before batting during SIU's 4-0 loss to Austin Peay on Tuesday, April 4, 2017, at Itchy Jones Stadium (Branda Mitchell | @branda_mitchell)
Junior infielder Greg Lambert practices their swing before batting during SIU's 4-0 loss to Austin Peay on Tuesday, April 4, 2017, at Itchy Jones Stadium (Branda Mitchell | @branda_mitchell)
Filed under Baseball, Sports
SIU baseball took a 1-0 series lead following Friday's opener but failed to close on Saturday, losing both games of a doubleheader to take a 1-2 conference series loss at Indiana State.
Game one — 5:30 p.m. Friday at Indiana State
Coming off their first weekday win at home Tuesday against non-conference opponent Southeast Missouri, the Salukis looked to keep the momentum moving forward in a conference match-up against Indiana State.
Advertisement
Southern sent senior starting pitcher Chad Whitmer to the mound for the first game of the weekend series Friday.
Whitmer looked to rebound after a shaky start against conference opponent Wichita State last weekend, where they allowed seven runs on nine hits and four walks through 5.2 innings of work.
They accomplished this with their first career complete game, with a career-high 13 strikeouts, limiting the Indiana State Sycamores to one run on five hits and only one walk through 9.0 innings.
The only run the Sycamores scored in the game came in the bottom of the second when sophomore left fielder Chris Ayers lifted a 3-2 pitch over the right field fence for a solo home run to give Indiana State an early 1-0 lead.
The Salukis tied the game in the top of the third when junior left fielder Greg Lambert hit their team-leading fifth home run of the season just inside the left field foul pole to make it 1-1.
Southern took the lead in the top of the eighth after junior second baseman Connor Kopach singled with one out and advanced all the way to third base on an errant pick-off throw from Indiana State's pitcher. They scored on senior center fielder Ryan Smith's sacrifice fly, giving the Salukis a 2-1 lead.
Whitmer struck out the final two batters of the ninth inning to seal the win for the Salukis and give them a 1-0 series lead heading into Saturday.
Game two — 1 p.m. Saturday at Indiana State
With heavy rains expected Sunday, the final two games of the three-game series were rescheduled for a doubleheader Saturday.
In the first game of the doubleheader, Southern put junior starting pitcher Michael Baird on the bump against Indiana State.
After their shortest outing of the season last weekend against Wichita State, where they managed only 4.0 innings while allowing five runs on seven hits and four walks, Baird looked to bounce back as Whitmer had Friday and give the Salukis a long and productive outing.
Baird failed to turn things around, allowing eight runs on nine hits, two walks and a hit batsman through only 3.2 innings Saturday.
A 30-mile-per-hour wind blowing straight out to left field also aided Indiana State in logging three home runs against Baird during the game. They only allowed one home run all season prior to this start.
The Salukis could not take advantage of the conditions against Indiana State's sophomore starting pitcher Tyler Ward, who allowed only two runs on six hits while striking out five and walking none through 7.0 innings of work.
Both of Southern's runs came in the top of the third inning. The first scored when Kopach and senior third baseman Ryan Sabo executed a double-steal, with Kopach drawing a throw to second base allowing Sabo to steal home ahead of the throw back to the plate. Kopach scored from second base on Lambert's RBI single to left field for the second run of the inning, and the last of the game for the Salukis.
The Sycamores scored in five of the six innings they came to the plate, with four runs in the bottom of the sixth putting the score at 15-2 and bringing the MVC's 10-run rule into play.
Southern failed to score in the top of the seventh, losing the slaughter-rule shortened game in seven innings to move the series to a 1-1 tie heading into game two of the doubleheader.
Game three — 4 p.m. Saturday at Indiana State
For the deciding game of the series, Southern sent senior starting pitcher Joey Marciano to the mound in hopes of bringing home a conference series win.
Marciano had a solid outing Saturday, scattering three hits while issuing four walks and striking out four batters to keep Indiana State off the scoreboard through 5.0 innings.
They were pulled from the game in favor of senior pitcher Jacob Williams after allowing a lead-off double to open the bottom of the sixth inning. Williams stranded the lone inherited runner to close out the sixth inning.
With Marciano and Williams keeping the Sycamores off the board through six innings, the Salukis could not muster any runs of their own.
Through the first six innings, Southern stranded six baserunners — three in scoring position — as its hitters failed to come through with a clutch hit.
Indiana State got on the board in the bottom of the seventh with help from two uncharacteristic fielding errors from Southern's defensive unit, taking the lead 3-0.
The Salukis put a run on the board in the top of the eighth when Lambert doubled to left field to lead off the inning before advancing to third base on a wild pitch. They scored on junior first baseman Logan Blackfan's RBI ground out to first base to make it a 3-1 Indiana State lead.
But the Sycamores answered right back in the bottom half of the eighth when a two-out walk circled the bases to score on yet another error by the Saluki defense to make it a 4-1 game.
The Salukis put a runner on second base with two outs in the top of the ninth after first-year student right fielder Addison Fugitt worked a six-pitch walk and advanced on a wild pitch. But Kopach was caught looking on a 3-2 pitch across the plate to end the game.
All of Indiana State's four runs scored in the game were unearned, but were enough to take the win in the rubber-match and secure a 2-1 series win for the Sycamores.
Series Highlights
Lambert batted .454 (5-for-11) in the series, with a double and their team-leading fifth home run of the season to go along with two runs scored and two RBI's.
Kopach collected three stolen bases during the series, moving their total to 22 steals on the season to remain tied for fifth overall in Division I NCAA baseball.
Marciano logged 5.0 solid innings in their start Saturday, allowing no runs for the first time since their 5.0 inning, one hit winning effort against the University of Illinois on March 19.
Up Next
SIU (18-19, 5-4 MVC) will host non-conference opponent Belmont at 5 p.m Tuesday at Itchy Jones Stadium. Following the weekday match-up, Tennessee Tech will visit Southern for a non-conference three-game weekend series beginning Friday.
Sports writer Denton “Gio” Giovenco can be reached at dgiovenco@dailyegyptian.com or on Twitter @DentonGiovenco.
To stay up to date with all your SIU sports news, follow the Daily Egyptian on Facebook and Twitter.
Advertisement
After an incredibly crowd-pleasing reunion at Ultra Music Festival: Miami back in March of this year, any sign of new music or future reunions from Swedish House Mafia makes our heart beat a little too fast.
While Axwell Λ Ingrosso have been doing pretty well and making a name for themselves, we miss that signature Mafia sound!
Their billboard was set up to promote their new track "Dancing Alone" which features RØMANS who has produced songs such as Ella Mai's "Breakfast In Bed" and "Makes Me Wonder," Jonas Blue's "Mama," and Demi Lovato's latest single "Sober" to just name a few.
Check out the billboard here which displayed the "Dancing Alone" artwork but then showed an error message flashing those unmistakeable Swedish House Mafia white dots.
"Dancing Alone" also happens to have a very, very, Swedish House Mafia sound to it. Listen to it and see for yourself:
What do you think! Could the guys of SHM be reuniting?
Share This: Wynonna Earp Recap: An Earp Sister Goes Missing In I See A Darkness Corrina
Fridays 10e 7p
Who knew Sheriff Nedley was such a badass? Not only did they manage to keep the location of the third seal a secret from the Mercedes-faced Widow, they kept up a Wynonna-like level of sarcasm while a fistful of silver rings were repeatedly introduced to their face.
Too bad they suffered such an epic beating for nothing, thanks to Waverly's naive deal with Maddy's twin sister Gretta, who tricked them into unearthing the seal and handing it over to the Beth Widow in exchange for the anti-venom that saved Nicole from their sister-wife's bite. If only she'd trusted Wynonna to fix things. Now there is no Wynonna.
With Dolls' help, Wynonna had rescued Nedley, caught Mercedes, and brought them back to their makeshift lab so that they can extract their deadly venom and figure out how to mix an antidote—using Rosita as a test subject (despite Jeremy's strong objections—not everyone enjoys a Revenant torture sesh). Even Dolls offered themselves up as a lab rat in order to save Nicole.
But Waverly, feeling guilt over kissing Rosita and jealousy over the sudden appearance of Nicole's wife (?!), made a desperate deal with Gretta. Still smarting over the death of their sister the Blacksmith, Gretta offered to lead Waverly to an anti-venom, in exchange for a debt to be paid off at some point in the future.
Waverly knew that handing over the ring to the Widows meant betraying Wynonna in a big way. What they didn't know was that Gretta was after the cursed wish-granting, demon-filled hockey trophy and that when they said a few words over it in German, Doc would end up back in the well and Wynonna would end up gone—without anyone remembering that she'd ever existed.
5 questions we have about this week's episode
1. What does the Order want with Wynonna's baby? And if Wynonna doesn't exist anymore, does their future kid?
2. How do you get yourself out of a situation where you've gone missing and no one remembers that you ever existed? (Asking for a friend.)
3. No Wynonna + no Doc = Waverly's into dudes again. How does that relationship math work?
4. When is Bobo finally going to show their face, and how are they going to feel about Sheriff Clootie's resurrection?
5. Is Wynonna really (eventually) going to take out Rosita? That would be so uncool. Oh wait, there is no Wynonna.
Gunmen stormed an upscale cafe overnight in Burkina Faso's capital, Ouagadougou, strafing the building with bullets and barricading themselves inside for hours. By the time security forces reclaimed the restaurant around dawn Monday, at least 18 people had been killed and eight others wounded, according to local authorities.
The West African nation's communications minister, Remis Dandjinou, told reporters Monday that by daybreak, two of the attackers had been killed and several foreign nationals were among the dead. In separate statements, officials in Paris and Ankara confirmed the victims include a French citizen and Turkish citizen, while another Turk was injured in the violence.
While Burkinabe officials blamed Islamist militants for the attack on the Turkish cafe, no one group immediately claimed responsibility.
"I salute the bravery of our security and defense forces whose engagement allowed us to neutralize the terrorists," Burkinabe President Roch Marc Christian Kabore said in a statement, as translated by CNN.
"The struggle against terrorism is a lengthy fight," they added. "That is why I am calling for vigilance, solidarity and unity of the whole nation to face up to the cowardice of our enemies."
In a news conference Monday, Dandjinou detailed the night's bloody events, which opened when they say about three to four militants rolled up to the cafe on motorcycles around 9 p.m. local time. They opened fire on an outside seating area outside then moved indoors, where The New York Times notes a family had been celebrating a 9-year-old boy's birthday.
The newspaper reports the boy was hospitalized with injuries from the attack.
For Burkinabes, the attack on Aziz Istanbul cafe, which is popular with foreigners, prompts bitter memories of another bloody episode just over 18 months ago. In January last year, militants conducted an hours-long raid on a luxury hotel and a cafe just blocks away from Aziz Istanbul, ultimately killing some 30 people before being dislodged by security forces.
Al-Qaida in the Islamic Maghreb, a militant group based in the region, claimed responsibility for that attack — as well as another deadly assault just months before in neighboring Mali.
Islamist groups have been active for years in the Sahel region, which includes Mali and Burkina Faso. As groups linked to al-Qaida have carried out attacks in the area, the Times points out that the United Nations peacekeeping mission to Mali "has become one of the most dangerous in the world."
The French government — which controlled Burkina Faso, then called Upper Volta, as a colony until 1960 — says President Emmanuel Macron met with Kabore on Monday to discuss the circumstances of the latest attack.
The pair of leaders also reaffirmed their commitment to the formation of an international security force in the Sahel region to "continue the fight against terrorist groups."
aka #HurtBae is now a super single woman, but doesn't want to find a man on the internet. Check out their latest interview fromas they explain how they want to find love after the entire #HurtBae fiasco. Listen men, your best bet is to shoot your shot in person because she's over the internet.
The Latest Music, Celebrities and Interviews:
Sign Up For Our Newsletter! Close Thank you for subscribing! Please be sure to open and click your first newsletter so we can confirm your subscription.
Also On 93.9 WKYS:
The Prince of Wales has spoken of their delight at the birth of their latest grandchild, joking “the only trouble is I don't know how I am going to keep up with them”.
Charles said the arrival of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's baby son, their third child, was a “great joy”.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge and their newborn son outside the Lindo Wing at St Mary's Hospital in London.
The heir to the throne, who turns 70 this year, is also grandfather to Prince George and Princess Charlotte.
Charles said: “We are both so pleased at the news.
“It is a great joy to have another grandchild, the only trouble is I don't know how I am going to keep up with them.”
William and Kate are settling into life as a family of five after bringing their new baby son home from hospital.
The Prince of Wales
They have retreated to the sanctuary of Kensington Palace after introducing their third child to the world on the steps of the exclusive maternity unit, the Lindo Wing.
The name of the baby prince of Cambridge, who was born on Monday at 11.01am weighing 8lb 7oz, has yet to be unveiled.
Royals traditionally keep the public guessing before revealing their choice.
William and Kate will want to share the name with the Queen and the rest of their family before making it public.
Kensington Palace said the name would be announced in “due course” but the favourite at the bookies is currently Arthur, followed by James, Philip and Albert.
The new baby prince's great-grandmother the Queen, 92, is still at Windsor Castle for Easter Court, with the Duke of Edinburgh who is recuperating following a hip operation.
Born fifth in line, the baby is the Queen and Philip's sixth great-grandchild.
William joked on Monday how they had “thrice the worry” now as they took the prince home to Kensington Palace.
Quizzed on whether they had decided on a name, the duke added: “You'll find out soon enough.”
Arsenal 5 Everton 1
Aaron Ramsey hit a hat-trick with Arsenal fans treated to their first showing of their January transfers in tandem as both Henrikh Mkhitaryan and Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang shone in a comfortable 5-1 win over Everton.
Aubameyang joined from Borussia Dortmund on deadline day for a club-record fee, uniting with their former team-mate Mkhitaryan who had come in earlier in the window from Manchester United in a swap deal for Alexis Sanchez.
Ramsey would go on to shine alongside their all-star team-mates as they hit their first career hat-trick with the Gunners wrapping up a well-deserved win.
The new arrivals needed just six minutes to have an impact as the pair combined to allow Ramsey to tap in the opening goal of the contest.
Laurent Koscielny added the second and Ramsey struck again before close friends Mkhitaryan and Aubameyang combined as the latter scored on their debut – albeit from an offside position.
Substitute Dominic Calvert-Lewin pulled one back for Sam Allardyce, who will want to forget their 500th Premier League game as a manager in a hurry, before Ramsey completed their hat-trick with a fine strike.
Mesut Özil, challenged by Gunners boss Arsene Wenger to become the leader of their side after opting to sign a new deal at the Emirates Stadium, was involved in the first goal.
They laid a pass in to Aubameyang, who freed Mkhitaryan to cross low for Ramsey to tuck home from close-range for their first goal since October.
Mkhitaryan had looked a little lost as they came off the bench to make their debut in defeat at Swansea but they soon found their feet here, flashing a shot inch wide of Jordan Pickford's right-hand post as Arsenal went in search of a second.
The home fans were not made to wait too long. A 14th-minute Özil corner was flicked on by Shkodran Mustafi and Koscielny arrived in front of Aubameyang to send a diving header past Pickford.
As with the recent home win over Crystal Palace, the early goals kept on coming for the Gunners, as Ramsey scored their second with a long-range shot which deflected off Everton debutant Eliaquim Mangala.
Everton had offered very little until the returning Theo Walcott latched onto a simple through ball which split the under-fire Arsenal defence and set them away, only for Mustafi to make a late block.
Aubameyang showed their blistering pace soon after as they left the Everton defence for dead to latch onto a sumptuous Özil through ball, only to run wide and fire in a low shot which Pickford saved.
The Gabon striker did score their first Arsenal goal with a deft chip from Mkhitaryan's pass, although they should have been flagged offside.
The onslaught continued and only the post prevented Nacho Monreal heading in their third goal in as many league games with the Everton defence all over the place.
Allardyce switched to a back four for the second half and it almost paid dividends as Walcott's low cross was turned onto the post by Oumar Niasse.
Walcott's unhappy return ended when they were replaced by Calvert-Lewin, who then headed home past Petr Cech before the Arsenal goalkeeper limped off.
Ramsey would complete their hat-trick courtesy of another Mkhitaryan assist as Arsenal's superb home form continues in stark contrast to their away showings.
WASHINGTON: The special counsel overseeing the probe into Russia's alleged meddling in the US election is looking at whether President Donald Trump tried to obstruct justice, The Washington Post reported Wednesday, citing unnamed officials.
In a pivotal shift in the investigation that has riveted Americans like no other in decades, senior intelligence officials have agreed to be interviewed by investigators working for the special counsel, Robert Mueller, the Post said.
It quoted five people briefed on the requests and said those who have agreed to be interviewed are Daniel Coats, the director of national intelligence, Admiral Mike Rogers, head of the National Security Agency, and their recently departed deputy, Richard Ledgett.
The interviews could come as early as this week, the Post said.
The newspaper's story was met with a furious reaction from Trump's personal lawyer and the Republican National Committee.
The shift toward investigating the US president began days after Trump fired James Comey as FBI director on May 9, the Post said.
The stated focus has been Russia's alleged efforts to tilt last November's presidential election Trump's way, and whether the winner's campaign was involved in any way.
Trump vehemently denies any collusion between themselves or any of their associates and Russia.
Mueller, themselves a widely respected former head of the FBI, has now taken up the angle of possible efforts by Trump to obstruct justice in the investigation, the Post said.
Quoting officials, the newspaper said one event of interest to Mueller is an exchange on March 22, when Coats told associates that Trump had asked them to intervene with Comey to get them to back off the focus on Trump's former national security advisor Mike Flynn as part of the FBI probe of the Russia affair.
A few days after the March 22 meeting, Trump spoke separately with Coats and Rogers and asked them to issue public statements to the effect that there was no evidence of coordination between their campaign and Russia. The Post said both men refused the president's request.
Trump's personal lawyer Marc Kasowitz issued a statement saying the FBI was behind the Post story and called the leak “outrageous, inexcusable and illegal.” The lawyer did not deny the story, however.
Mueller briefed Senators Wednesday on their work.
“I'm going to acknowledge we had a meeting with the special counsel Mueller, but I'm not going to get into the contents,” Mark Warner, the ranking Democrat on the Senate Intelligence Committee, told reporters later.
Republican National Committee chairperson Ronna McDaniel called the accusation in the Post unfounded and said it “changes nothing.”
“There's still no evidence of obstruction, and current and former leaders in the intelligence community have repeatedly said there's been no effort to impede the investigation in any way. The continued illegal leaks are the only crime here,” McDaniel said in a statement. AFP
AFP/CC
A father whose three daughters were sexually assaulted by Larry Nassar tried to attack the pedophile doctor in a Michigan courtroom on Friday.
Randall Margraves stood at the podium as two of their daughters read their victim impact statements in Eaton County Court, and when the girls were done asked Judge Janice Cunningham if they could have five minutes alone in a room with 'this demon.'
When they denied that request they asked for a minute alone with the convicted child molester, which was also denied by the judge.
They then lunged toward the defense table and raised a fist before being brought to the ground and handcuffed by deputies.
Advertisement
And it was, fittingly, Nassar's defense attorney who shielded them from the angry father, who appeared to be almost twice the size of former USA Gymnastics team doctor.
'Give me one minute with that bastard,' said Margraves as they were pinned to the ground.
'I want that son of a b****
Both Madison and Lauren spoke about how their family was struggling to cope in the wake of their assaults, standing with their dad and mom Sharri, a competitive power-lifter.
Lauren, who was 13 when Nassar molested her, said it had been particularly difficult for their parents: 'I see the look on their faces and I know they want to do something and they can't.'
Madison described the past few months as 'hell,' with tears running down their face.
Their sister Morgan Margraves had previously delivered a victim impact statement in Ingham County Court for Nassar's previous sentencing, which was read in court by a member of the attorney general's office.
Margraves could be seen getting increasingly angry during their readings, and will parent of previous victims had been seen burying their faces or looking to the sky, Margraves kept their gaze fixed on Nassar.
Eaton County Sheriff's deputies restrain Randall Margraves, father of three victims of Larry Nassar, Friday, Feb. 2, 2018, in Eaton County Circuit Court in Charlotte, Mich. Photo / AP.
They then asked if they could give a brief statement.
'I would ask you, as part of the sentencing to grant me five minutes in a locked room with this demon. Would you give me one minute?' said Margraves after their daughters had finished speaking and were preparing to return to their seats.
It was said in a slightly threatening tone, which Judge Cunningham did their best to diffuse as they told Margraves that is not how the legal system operates in this country.
They then paused for a moment and said: 'Well, I'm gonna have to...'
At that point Margraves made a direct line towards Nassar, sprinting out from behind the podium and coming shockingly close to laying a blow on the doctor.
Newburg managed to shove them off however, at which point they were pinned and then handcuffed by Detective Andrea Munford, the MSU police officer who led the investigation into Nassar's crime.
Their daughters, who were already in a fragile state, seemed to be in a state of shock as they looked on from behind the podium as their father was dragged out of court.
Madison only just revealed they were a victim of Nassar last week in a statement posted to Facebook.
Randall Margraves, father of three victims of Larry Nassar , left, lunges at Nassar, bottom right, Friday, Feb. 2, 2018, in Eaton County Circuit Court in Charlotte, Mich. Photo / AP.
'As many of you know, both my sisters have now shared their stories about how Larry Nassar has affected their lives forever. I feel that this is a good time for me to say that I too am a victim of Nassar's horrible, disgusting acts,' wrote the high school student.
'It has been so crazy seeing all of this unfold on tv and online, seeing many girls who I've played sports with come forward and share their stories too, and to see this horrible man, who I've known for most of my life, finally get what they deserve.
'But I honestly don't know if I would have ever been strong enough to tell people outside of my family if it weren't for all the strong, brave women who shared their stories before me. Thank you. We truly are sister survivors.'
Assistant Attorney General Angela Povilaitis was quick to disavow Margraves' actions, saying: 'You cannot behave like this. This is letting them have their power over us.'
Margraves, who was taken out by four officers, fired back: 'You haven't lived through it, lady.'
In the end, the victims did not suffer any more because of the outburst, which could have threatened statements being read in court moving forward.
Judge Cunningham made a calming call for peace in the courtroom after a brief recess.
'Obviously what just occurred in the courtroom was scary and caused a level of discomfort for all of you, and I'm sorry that happened,' said Judge Cunningham.
'My heart started beating fast and my legs felt shaky after that quick eruption of violence.'
They then did their best to not villainize Margraves while still making it clear their actions were unacceptable.
'I recognize that Mr. Margraves has three daughters that they had to watch go through this pain and hurt,' they went on to say.
'If it is hard and difficult for me to hear what their daughters had to say, I can't imagine what it is like for him.'
And they ended their remarks with a call for law and order.
'What Mr. Nassar did was horrible. It's unthinkable. But please let the criminal justice system do what it's supposed to do,' said Judge Cunningham.
Margraves meanwhile is still detained at the courthouse, with an investigation underway to see if charges will be brought against the father.
Sixty-five women are scheduled to speak over the course of three days in Eaton County Court, where Nassar is being sentenced after entering a guilty plea on three charges of criminal sex abuse, with each carrying a minimum sentence of 25 years in prison.
This was day two.
Nassar was sentenced to 175 years in prison just last Wednesday after a highly emotional seven-day sentencing hearing in a Michigan courtroom.
'I just signed your death warrant,' said Judge Rosemarie Aquilinia, referencing the fact that Nassar would never again be a free man and die in prison.
Nassar had agreed to serve a minimum sentence of 40 years as part of a plea deal, with that prison time coming after they complete their 60-year federal sentence for child pornography charges.
They were expected to get a maximum of 125 years in prison, but Judge Aquilina went well beyond that mark.
Prior to that, the pedophile doctor addressed their victims in a brief statement, choosing to turn and face the women as they made their remarks.
'Your words these past several days, your words, have had a significant emotional effect on myself and has shaken me to my core,' they mumbled through tears.
'I also realize what I'm feeling pales in comparison.'
They then added: 'I will carry you words with me for the rest of my days.'
Those tearful words were revealed to be completely hollow however by Judge Rosemarie Aquilina, who proved that point by reading from the letter that Nassar had submitted to the court.
'What I did in the state cases was medical, not sexual, but because of the [federal porn conviction] I lost all credibility,' read Judge Aquilina from the letter.
'So I'm trying to avoid a trial to save the stress to my community, my family. But look what's happening. It's wrong.'
They then wrote about their victims in words that were a far cry from the statement they had made moments earlier in court.
'I was a good doctor, because my treatments worked and those patients that are now speaking out were the same ones that praised and came back over and over,' wrote Nassar.
'The media convinced them that it was wrong and bad.'
The crowd then gasped as Aquilina read: 'Hell hath no fury like a woman scorned.'
To get the day's top sports stories in your inbox, sign up to our newsletter here
March 28 Gentrack Group Ltd:
* Asx alert-gentrack acquires junifer systems-gtk.nz
* Deal for an enterprise value of NZ$74.6m
* Entered into an unconditional agreement to acquire uk based junifer systems limited
* Acquisition would be approximately 10% earnings per share accretive
* Junifer is forecast to achieve revenue of £10.8m and ebitda of £4.2m in 2017 calendar year
* Gentrack has arranged a revolving debt facility of NZ$42.5m through asb bank Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
By Rotimi Ojomoyela
Ado- Ekiti-The Peoples Democratic Party on Wednesday described Dr Kayode Fayemi's resignation from President Muhammadu Buhari's cabinet as nothing strange.
The party said that there was no how Fayemi will be in the office and still contest election, however, added that “anything can happen under APC government, because of their lawlessness, because of their disregard to the constitution of their party,talk less of the federal constitution.So,anything can happen under APC”.
Minister of Solid Minerals Development, Dr Kayode Fayemi had early Wednesday announced their resignation from the federal cabinet as Minister of Mines and Steel Development
Fayemi, who made the announcement on Wednesday at a valedictory briefing in Abuja, disclosed that the move was necessary in order to pursue their governorship ambition in Ekiti State.
The former minister had earlier emerged as the governorship candidate of the All Progressive Party in keenly contested primary election held on May 12.
Speaking with Vanguard in Ado-Ekiti yesterday the Director General Kolapo Olusola Campaign Organisation, Hon Bisi Kolawole said “it is expected that they will resign, and if they resign let them come,we are waiting for them with their federal might and at the end of the day action and inactions,nobody has the monopoly of anything.
“So, if they are coming to wage war on Ekiti people ,it will be obvious that it is Fayemi that is drawing us back in this country. No problem, we are here waiting for him,but the fact is that ,there are people on ground in Ekiti that are waiting for them and their federal might.
“We will repeat another 16-0 ,regardless of the light weight that are defecting to join him. They must have given them fake promise,as usual, and it is unfortunate that those people cannot read between the lines. PDP people that are joining are all frustrated and they are all coming back em mass to PDP now.
“If some people are being cajoled to come over to join him(Fayemi),very unfortunate and they will regret their action at the end of the day.
“It is a welcome development, let them come and join us in the field.You know we have almost toured all the 16 local government. Let them come and start because we are just 6 weeks to the election. This is not APC primary,this general election. So,let them come ,he will meet us there”, Kolawole said.
The first edition of "Infosec Intelligence Conclave 2017" on 12th & 13th October in Bangalore, India, will include a two-day conference which connects innovative solution providers & renowned information security experts
Contact
Samantha
7022871384
***@exploreexhibitions.com Samantha7022871384
End
-- Explore Exhibitions and Conference LLP producer of leading industry event 'Smart Tech' series for C suite, policymakers, Consultants, B2B Sales managers & executives, is pleased to announce the launch of InfoSec Intelligence Conclave 2017 in Bangalore, India. The event is scheduled to take place on October 12& 13at the Sheraton Grand.Cybersecurity has been on top of minds with WannaCry & Petya, IOT security, cyber resilience and new regulations & policies by Government. The most effective financial sector also has been infected atleast upto 75% when compared with the other industry sectors and the situation is chaotic and immediate action is imperative. India has been a victim and an easy target for cyber espionage, the Government along with the other public & private organizations has to employ a comprehensive approach to this digital security. While cybersecurity has become the talk of town for every corporate to safe guard their business interest and clients information.Cybersecurity has become a lucrative business wave in the recent years and according to a statistical report, the Indian cybersecurity market is likely to touch $35 billion and the global cybersecurity market is expected to reach $190 billion by 2025. The upward growth trend has embraced digital transformation and created a roadmap for opportunities and challenges to achieve its strategic vision.The surge for Cybersecurity solutions and its requirements is much required need of the hour. Infosec Intelligence Conclave 2017, will bring together 30+ Top notch speakers, 250+ C Suite delegates from Government & Law Enforcement, Financial Services, Healthcare, Telecommunication and many more to expand their understanding of how to infuse risk awareness into everyday culture and strategies to help you to evolve cyber resilience.Some of our eminent industry speakers/advisors are:· Anuj Tewari – CISO, HCL Technologies· Benild Joseph – President, Information Security Advisor – Information Systems Security Association (ISSA), Govt. of India· Jasmine Bharucha Gorimar – Head of IT | Information Protection Security, Boehringer Ingelheim· Subhajit Deb – CISO, Dr. Reddy's Laboratories· Sumit Dhar – Sr. Director & CISO, Edge Verve (Infosys)· Trishneet Arora, Founder & CEO, TAC Security & many more…The topics of discussions include Revolutionizing the future of data security , Protecting Financial Services in cyberspace; When everything is on the net – Internet of Insecure Things; Deconstructing Next-Gen Endpoint security; Best Practices – Embedding Cyber resilience; Protecting critical national infrastructure;Command & Control - the role of the CISO in today's battlefield;Crosshairs – Proactive strategies to mitigate Cyber threats; Redefining critical application enhancements:BYOD enterprise mobility security; Technology convergence & security consolidation;Transforming InfoSec – Business Agility; Unwitting Insiders Rationale for organizational risk and many such interesting topics.Conference will act as an annual point of connection for the CXO's & IT security professionals;an opportunity for them to be updated on the latest breakthroughs in exponential technology and ideas; a place to highlight the burgeoning startup communities' in cyberspace; a place to focus on how exponential technology can help solve Global Security Challenges; an opportunity to shift traditional way to an innovative way; a source of content, inspiration, action and impact with advanced threat landscape to successfully identify, protect, detect, respond & recover.To register as a delegate for the Infosec Intelligence Conclave 2017 or to reserve a sponsorship contact Samantha - +91 7022871384
Valentine's Day is celebrated every year on 14th February all across the globe with a special spark of happiness and to mark the birth of St Valentine, the sole founder of love. In most cases flowers are sent with an open heart which makes the entire environment a happy one. This day is meant for a festive joyous fun which is expressed between people of all caste and creed. This day is cordially declared as the Lover's Day throughout the world and in this consequence delightful flowers are sent to the recipient's with utmost happiness. Flowers are categorized in Roses, Lilies, Chrysanthemums, Carnations, Gerberas, Sunflowers, Anemone, Ranunculus, Spray Elke, Hypericum, Galax, Pistachio, Euphorbia Spinosa and many varieties. Flowers are one of the important items which are suitable for all occasions and they can easily covet a tough situation to a happy one. This Valentine's Day deliver your sweet memories in the form of flowers which soothes a soul and makes every situation a happy one. Therefore people Send Valentine's Day Flowers to Germany for some urgent demand. In Germany this day is focused on the special people who devote this special happiness among the dear ones. Thus on this day varieties of gifts are delivered to Germany or vice versa and the gifts are composed of Champagnes, Wines, Whisky, Potato Chips, Shong Wasabi Coated Peanuts, Chocolate Mountain Cookies, Paprika Crackers, Tortilla Chips, Fresh Duck Pate, Cream Soup, Apricot Jam, Bourbon, Vanilla and many other products. Thus, people Send Valentine's Day Gifts to Germany for a special cause which fills the air with lots of splendor. Valentine's Day Hampers are classified into Wine Hampers, Chocolate Hampers, Gourmet Hampers, Chocolate Box, Organic Grape Juice, Organic Honey Wafers, Organic Muesli Cake, Organic Coffee, Glazed Ginger Bread, Champagne Box, Butter Cheese Delight and many other delicacies. The Hampers which are sent on this everlasting Valentine's Day creates a special bonding among the dear ones. This day is celebrated in different ways in different countries by abiding by the customs which makes a particular person feel delighted. This day is also celebrated in Germany where every one enjoys in their own style. This wondrous day is famous all over the globe and every person focuses on flower delivery in Germany. Flowers are the most sensuous commodities which makes a person's mood very soothing. So, Valentine's Day Flowers Delivery in Germany is a common phenomenon nowadays and a feeling of delight comes instantly from the heart of every sender and receiver.
Your news how you want it.
On the go and no time to finish that story right now? Your News is the place for you to save content to read later from any device. Register with us and content you save will appear here so you can access them to read later.
Muffins and marriage
Close Modal Window Hang on for a minute...we're trying to find some more stories you might like.
Close
Close Modal Window Email This Story Sends email to this address
Enter Your Name
Add a comment here
Verification
Send Email Cancel
The other day I was going through my old Instagram posts.
Fun fact: when you get close to graduation, you get really sentimental and want to remember old things. Well, you want to remember some old things.
I read the caption from a first-year student year post: “Just made blueberry muffins #wifestatus #wifemeup.”
I just about barfed in my mouth and then promptly deleted the post. If I knew then what I know now about relationships, which, mind you, is not a lot, I would have never posted that.
The “wife me up” mentality isn't a healthy one at all. Saying things such as “wife me up” and “wifey” and “wife status” is incredibly offensive to what marriage is. College isn't the place for that.
Another fun fact about getting close to graduation is that you have a ridiculous number of friends who are getting married. It blows my mind how many people are engaged or married or pregnant. You know you're close when about 80 percent of your conversations are about other people's weddings.
I hate to say it to my first-year student self, but, while baking blueberry muffins may be satisfying, they're not the way to a healthy, happy marriage. They're not even the way to a healthy, happy dating relationship or even a friendship.
I grew up in a place that wasn't particularly southern, and now I go to a southern university. I never thought that the MRS degree was an actual thing, but from some of the posts that my overtly southern friends make, and from the post I made to feel like I fit in, the MRS degree definitely is a thing. Girls come to college to find their husbands. Sure, they get a four-year degree, but whether or not they work a day in their field doesn't matter to them because they have their men.
I think it's that flippant attitude about marriage that creates the problem of women wanting their MRS degree or women craving for and lusting after that infamous diamond ring.
Women are so much more than wifey statuses. I know several girls at this university who try to force relationships in that will result in marriage. Some people say that college is the place where you're most likely to find your spouse, which makes some people feel pressured to focus less on college diplomas and more on marriage licenses.
Instead of trying to force themselves into relationships, I think women should focus on themselves. What merit comes from taking an artsy picture of a blueberry muffin and making that an advertisement for your vacant husband opening? Women who flaunt their single status in an attempt to jokingly show how matriarchal they are is kind of sad. First, women shouldn't have to sell themselves on social media to find men. Second, they shouldn't be so insecure with themselves that they feel the need to flaunt their singleness to get attention.
Instead, women should drop the “wife me up” status and focus on themselves. Having patience is classy.
I'm not against marriage in college. I'm very happy for my friends who are entering a new chapter.
I'm just saying women should take a moment to make sure they're not just getting married for the status. A girl can make a mean muffin, but that doesn't mean their marriage will be happy in the long run.
Filipino tennis player Kirksteen Rebuyas playing in the doubles final of Sheikh Zayed Tennis Championship in Fujairah.
Dubai: Last year's runners-up Philippines ensured their spot in the last four of the men's competition with a hard-fought 2-1 win over pre-tournament favourites India on the fourth day of the 23rd Nations Cup tennis being held at the Al Nasr Leisureland on Sunday.
Winners of their first two encounters against Ukraine and Norway, the Philippines got the ball rolling with Kirk Rebuyas giving them the lead with a 6-4, 7-6 (1) win over Ronak Manvja. Ajay Yadav then brought things on par with a 7-5, 6-4 win over Francis Largo. However, the Indian pair of Yadav and Manvja could not sustain their momentum in the decisive doubles as they went down 3-6, 6-2, 6-10 against Largo and Josepen Serra.
The Indian women too did not fare too well as they caved in to their second straight loss in the competition while going down 0-3 to defending champions Belarus. Simran Noronha sank in straight sets against Katsaaryna Karpuk, while Meesthi Shetmia also fell 0-6, 1-6 to Stefaniya Clernetsova. This was India's second loss on the trot in the four-team competition.
Philippines ‘A', runners-up last year, also secured their second win in the competition with a 2-1 result against the Philippines ‘B'. Bea Acena went down in straight sets to Macy Gonzalez, but Maria Bulilan brought things back on level terms with a 6-1, 6-1 win over Renee Acena.
In the decisive doubles, Gonzalez and Floreza Alesna were too strong for the younger and less experienced Acena sisters as they won 6-0, 6-2.
In the men's competition, Ukraine registered their first win with a 2-1 verdict against Norway, while Tunisia extended their unbeaten run to two wins with a favourable result against the UAE ‘B'.
Competition will continue with the semi-finals on Tuesday and Wednesday followed by the finals on Thursday.
ELGIN The BAE Systems plant promises to be a busy place in the coming months.
BAE which assembles and tests the PIM (Paladin Integrated Management) howitzer is expecting a major expansion and more hiring as a result of contracts with the Army.
U.S Sen. Jim Inhofe toured the plant on Friday and thanked the current employees for their hard work in moving the project forward. Southwest Oklahoma, with access to a rail and truck transportation and live training range and ability to draw upon a dedicated workforce, can expect more good news in the coming years, they said.
"We have a great resource here now that's known all across the world," the senator said.
"You're doing a great job here," they said. "I hear compliments all the time about the work ethic we have in Oklahoma."
The project has been a long time coming, they said, counting previous projects like the Crusader howitzer and the Future Combat Systems that have fallen by the wayside through the years as American artillery lagged behind.
"This is going to save lives; this is going to put us back ahead ... and it's right here in Elgin, Oklahoma."
The PIM (officially the M109A7 self-propelled 155mm howitzer) repurposes some parts from the M109A6 that is fielded now, but thoroughly modernizes the howitzer with new technology.
Adam Zarfoss, vice president and general manager of BAE Systems' Combat Vehicles U.S. business, said the company has a contract to produce an extra 48 PIM sets (the howitzer and ammo carrier) during low production. The Army has three one-year options to make 60 sets a year in full production. Even that many will not replace all 560 or so older howitzers in the inventory, which means there might be more work to come.
Ramping up production will require more space and more employees.
"We expect to move dirt in April," Zarfoss said, with the expansion to be completed around the end of the year. The plant now has about 20 employees and the expansion could double that.
Inhofe said more good news is in store for the Army and the other services. President Barack Obama was "an honest liberal" and was "lousy in terms of defense."
The first recorded sighting of a southern right whale in the capital in eight years has given researchers a chance to learn more about the species.
NIWA marine ecologist Dr Kim Goetz collected sound recordings near the curious mammal in the hopes it made vocalising calls that can be linked to unique calls recorded in the Cook Strait from around a year ago.
Being able to see the southern right whale provides the evidence necessary to link the calls together if they are found to be the same, providing further understanding of the species distribution.
"Then we would be able to document presence without actually seeing them," they said.
It was the first time Dr Goetz has got so close to the species, previously only studying them from helicopters.
"It was very different to a lot of whales. It didn't seem bothered by us. It was hanging out at the surface quite a bit and just really surface active."
The encounter became a little too close for comfort when the whale breached and landed near the boat.
"All the water came at us so it got its last laugh really so the jokes on us so it was a really cool experience but at some point it actually can be really dangerous," they said.
"We tried to back off at this point.. it didn't seem to be aggressive but it just seemed to be more curious than anything."
The species was common in the Wellington area before being driven to the verge of extinction due to whaling in the 18th century.
The Department of Conservation states on its website the mammal was deemed the ‘right' whale to hunt as they were easy to approach, lived close to the shoreline and provided large amounts of meat, oil and whalebone. Adults can reach 18 metres in length.
Dr Goetz said vocal calls believed to be from the species shows they may be returning to the area, but this was the first they had viewed.
DOC states that southern right whales spotted around the country appear to be part of the New Zealand subantarctic population, with one study showing numbers are increasing.
Colin Giddy, DOC biodiversity ranger for the Kapiti-Wellington region, was also on the research vessel and collected a DNA sample which will be used to determine the whale's gender.
"Really exciting. This is the first time I've had an encounter with a southern right whale," they said.
They said it was a "little scary" when the whale breached close to the boat but the experience was something they will remember for a long time.
"It's not a common event."
The whale's arrival this week comes just a couple of days after fishermen came across an even rarer white-pigmented humpback whale of the coast of Gisborne on June 30.
"There were three humpback whales there and then one of them was white and we were completely blown away," Josh Whitley said.
"It was a once in a lifetime opportunity seeing something like that, I doubt that I'll see that again and it was completely amazing," they said.
Mr Whitley said when the boat was leaving the area, the white whale was swimming under the bow.
Crowds protesting the forced retirement of the Supreme Court head, Małgorzata Gersdorf, and of some of its judges as part of a judicial overhaul implemented by Poland's right-wing ruling party, that has put it at odds with the European Union, before the Supreme Court building in Warsaw, Poland, Tuesday, July 3, 2018. Czarek Sokolowski AP Photo
On April 16, the Ministry of the Environment and Climate Change (MOECC) posted brand new proposed regulations to address the management of excess soils in Ontario.
The legislation – which will be a major focus of an upcoming Brownfields 2018 CANECT seminar on May 8, 2018 – would set new rules related to the relocation and reuse of excess soil.
Under the proposal, among other things:
Excess soil would be designated as waste from the moment it leaves a project area unless it is reused in accordance with the rules; and
Project leaders will be responsible for managing and relocating excess soil generated by a project.
On May 8, 2018, join Janet Bobechko, partner at Norton Rose Fulbright LLP, MOECC speakers, and industry experts, to find out how this proposed new groundbreaking legislation will impact corporate property owners, developers, municipalities, lawyers, and consultants across the greater Toronto area and beyond.
Subscribe to our Newsletter! The latest environmental engineering news direct to your inbox. You can unsubscribe at any time. First Name *
Email * This iframe contains the logic required to handle Ajax powered Gravity Forms.
Spaces at this important and timely event are limited. Register now at: www.canect.net/1b-brownfields-2018-regulation-liability-best-practices/
There are various tractor tires for sale varieties that you might locate. Now your job will be to discover the top ones out of all those that would suit you in most effective achievable manner. You could get a superb guide for as to which 1 you should obtain by going to any authorized tractor tires showrooms or the providers. There you will discover professionally educated personals; who is going to be eager to assist you out in deciding upon the right tires. They may also guide you by offering with choice of some utilized tires too which have specifically exactly the same qualities that you simply want and they might be bought at much affordable price tag also. Get more information about Jual Ban Loader
Sorts of Tires:
Whenever you visit these showrooms or firms you'll want to tell them well that what you would like to do by means of your tractor so that the individual there might assist you to in the best way. Telling all this would assistance them to guide you for the proper tires that you would need to have. Commonly it is actually preferred to get large tires as front tires plays the most key part in whatever function a tractor performs. In truth for those who have contemporary tractor with you of any new model you might than get all tires of same size. Inform all about your tractor to get the best guidance from expert.
Getting Used Tires:
You might get applied tires too if you have a limited variety for spending more than your tractor tires. But when you find yourself presented with any of these made use of tractor tires for sale; you could rely on more than seller as they will not be providing you unsafe tires but nonetheless you should be vigilant sufficient. You would want to verify yourself for cuts or other weaknesses that may appear if you never would like to face loss.
There's another choice that you may use that is obtaining tractor tires for sale on the internet.
Buying Tractor Wheels On the internet:
If this can be not your very first encounter and you are properly aware as to what type of tires in what size you wish than you'll be able to go for getting them from on-line retailers. Nicely you could possibly strike a deal on-line even if you do a little analysis about tires online or by having information and facts from shops within your region. Moreover neglect regarding the misconception which you will discover highly-priced tractor tires for sale more than world wide web as when compared with normal shops. Actually you may find some exclusive offers with excellent discounts over online shops.
So now you happen to be properly conscious of unique possibilities obtainable with tractor wheels for sale. Opt for probably the most proper 1 that suits you best in all regards.
Annual event features a parade, art festival, live music, kids' activities, food and much more
Celebrate Wildwood Aug 25 &26
End
-- The 15Annualevent is set for August 25 and 26, 2017. This year the event features an art festival, a parade, live music, a full-size race car simulator, tons of activities for children and delicious food and drink -all in honor of celebrating the city of Wildwood.The events take place on Main Street in Wildwood's Town Center. This year brings some new features including a full-size racecar simulator and dozens of new archery and outdoor activities sponsored by local Boy Scouts. "I'm really looking forward to being part of such a great event for the community," said Celebrate Wildwood Co-Chair Susan Seibert. "We hope to further enhance the unique variety of activities planned for our citizens."The event kicks off on Friday, August 25at 5pm with over 40 artists from throughout the region who will display and sell all kinds of art. "We have great artists in this region, and in Wildwood we will be supporting their creativity as we celebrate our wonderful city," said Wildwood Mayor Jim Bowlin. The popular restaurant Table Three will provide wine and food tasting. Milk & Honey will offer up craft beer tasting. Live music at the Beer Garden will feature Teddy McCready.According to Bowlin, "The event is designed so that everyone can come and celebrate all that our great City has to offer." It continues Saturday, August 26, with the parade at 9am and the opening ceremony at 11am. There are pony rides and bounce houses for kids, and adults will love to browse the farmers market and booths featuring a number of local authors. Music lovers will rock to the sounds of The Backstreet Cruisers who will play hits from the '50's and '60's from 11am to 3:30pm. The Midnight Piano Band will play more recent hits at 6:45pm. The event concludes with a fireworks display at 9:15pm.For additional information visit: http://www.cityofwildwood.com/ celebratewildwood
ATLANTIC CITY, N.J. (AP) — A Wall Street ratings firm said Monday that a Colorado company is buying Atlantic City's former Revel casino for $200 million, but the mercurial owner of the shuttered casino insists there's no deal.
Moody's Investors Service issued a report Monday saying the $2.4 billion casino will reopen in May under the ownership of AC Ocean Walk LLC, a group controlled by developer Bruce Deifik. Moody's says its report was based on talks with the buyers, who outlined their plans to the agency.
But Glenn Straub, who bought Revel from bankruptcy for $82 million, insists they haven't sold it to anyone.
"No ... way," Straub told The Associated Press. "Categorically, there is no deal."
Advertisement
"If someone has a check, I do sell assets," they said. "We're not stopping anybody from bringing a check in. If you want to buy it, come in and we'll check you out. But nobody has."
Deifik's lawyer did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
Straub has maintained for months that there is no agreement to sell Revel, despite increasing evidence that things are moving toward a sale. For instance, filings in a court proceeding involving whether Straub needs a casino license to open Revel under the name Ten include details of a mortgage the proposed buyers have obtained.
Moody's report includes previously unavailable details, including the proposed May 2018 opening of the casino; its plan to operate 100 table games, 2,000 slot machines and 1,399 hotel rooms; several swimming pools; a spa; night clubs, and 13 restaurants. The report goes into detail about financing AC Ocean Walk has lined up and assesses its chances of success.
Risks include reopening a business that failed once and has all its earnings concentrated in a single property. There are concerns about Atlantic City's ability to absorb two new casinos in 2018. The former Trump Taj Mahal casino is reopening in the summer as a Hard Rock casino resort.
Positives include the $175 million the new owners plan to invest in the property, the likelihood it will gain market share given the newness and overall quality of the property and what Moody's called the buyers' "good liquidity."
Revel opened in April 2012, intended to be a game-changer for Atlantic City's casino market by focusing on high-end leisure travelers. It was the only casino in town to ban smoking, eschewed bus-riding day trippers and did not offer a buffet. Its concert tickets to events at its 5,000-seat auditorium set records for costliness in the Atlantic City market.
But Revel never caught on with most gamblers. Players who wanted Vegas-style glitz and glamor already had the Borgata, and lower rollers returned to more familiar gambling halls after checking out Revel a few times.
It went bankrupt twice, and shut down in September 2014, a little more than two years after opening, never having come close to turning a profit.
Since buying it in a bankruptcy court sale for $82 million in April 2015 — at 5 cents on the dollar from what it cost to build the casino — Straub has zigged and zagged over their plans for the property. The latest of many lawsuits they launched involves their assertion that they should not be required to obtain a casino license because they won't be running the casino; an outside operator would be tasked with running the gambling business.
New Jersey regulators have ruled that Straub does indeed need a license to operate a casino, and they are challenging them in state appeals court in a case that remains pending.
___
Follow Wayne Parry at http://twitter.com/WayneParryAC
Vegas Golden Knights fans who were unable to purchase tickets to a Stanley Cup Final game against the Washington Capitals still have a chance to secure tickets!
The team announced it will host a #VGKWorldwide scavenger hunt contest Tuesday afternoon in Las Vegas for two tickets to Game 2 of the Stanley Cup FInal.
The hunt will feature six stops throughout the Valley. The first person to arrive at the sixth location after completing the previous five stops will receive a ticket to Wednesday night's game.
The Golden Knights said the clues will be revealed on the team's Twitter account starting in the afternoon.
In addition, the Vegas Golden Knights will host road game watch parties in the Valley. A watch party for Game 3 will take place Saturday at Toshiba Plaza and a watch party for Game 4 will take place at the Downtown Las Vegas Events Center on June 4. Puck drop for both games is set for 5 p.m. Admission is free for both watch parties and fans are encouraged to arrive early.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Uplift the Safety of Your Expensive & Important Cargos With the expert GPS Car Tracking Services in Nigeria.
img2
Contact
GPS Car Tracking
2347069726281
***@instaserv.in GPS Car Tracking2347069726281
End
-- GpsCarTracking is a leading Nigeria-based company that provides you an enhanced level of safety and security of the high-value cargoes and assets by using the latest tracking technologies and information. Now with the help of their advanced services you can track every single movement of your cargo and trace its actual location. While shipping anyone the luxurious items, artworks, and expensive devices, just use the services of Gps-Car-Tracking to avoid the hassle of misplacements or unnecessary delays.Gps-Car-Tracking providers have complete control of your cargo and able to locate the real-time location, speed and inside activities occurring inside the vehicle. The best feature of their services is that they guarantee their services. With the more than eight years of work experience in the fleet management tracking and asset tracking, they can easily track your cargos right from Seaport to the final destination without having any fear of diverting.This company is backed by industry the best professional engineers who actually understands the market needs, thus develop smart Magnetic trackers which are suitable and reliable to use particularly in Nigeria. These magnetic trackers can be easily stuck inside a 20ft container which helps you track the real-time location of your container. This unique cargo tracker comes with the 5 days battery capacity that usually lasts till your container has not been delivered to the final destination.So add extra protection coverage on your cargos by using the technology based services of Gps-Car-Tracking company without tossing your budget limits.Gps Car Tracking is one of the prime cargo tracking companies in Nigeria, that provides you magnetic cargo tracking services to monitor real-time location. for more details visit us @ http://www.gpscartracking.com.ng
The Auckland Council has wrapped up the big issues in a new 10-year budget that includes a regional fuel tax of 11.5 cents a litre and holds rates at 2.5 per cent for the next two years.
Named the "build-it" budget by Mayor Phil Goff, it includes targeted rates for improving water quality and tackling kauri dieback disease and protecting native flora and fauna.
Goff has said the budget will get Auckland moving with investment of more than $26 billion over the next 10 years to reduce transport congestion, unlock housing development, clean up beaches and protect the environment.
"We have done the balancing job of not being tough on ratepayers but doing things to transform and make Auckland a better city," Goff said.
Advertisement
Extreme weather events have led to a proposal to establish a $40 million climate change response fund and $90 million to protect coastal assets.
Goff has responded to lobbying from the likes of Auckland Sport and Recreation to propose a $120 million contestable fund for sports and recreation facilities, and lobbying from the arts fraternity to give the Auckland Art Gallery a further $2m a year after sustained funding cuts.
The budget also includes AirBnB paying a targeted rate for accommodation, which was introduced for hotels, motels and other accommodation providers in July last year.
Their budget proposes an average rates increase of 2.5 per cent over the next two years and 3.5 per cent thereafter. New property valuations this year mean by some households will pay more than 2.5 per cent from July, while others will pay less.
Councillor Ross Clow, who is chairing today's finance committee meeting and oversaw the long budget process, said their goal was to make it an "all of Auckland" budget, noting area like Papakura and Manurewa are hurting.
Councillor Penny Hulse said it was nice to say "thank you" to Goff for things like extending the Southern Initiative to improve life skills for young people to West Auckland.
The petrol price rise is due to hit motorists at the pump on July 1.
Legislation allowing the tax is expected to be passed in Parliament in time for the tax to come into effect on July 1.
Auckland drivers face paying 25c a litre more in the next three years as the Government also proposes boosting fuel taxes in 3c to 4c annual hikes.
Goff said the tax was critical to unlock projects to improve transport after years and years of under investment.
"We cannot allow our city to gridlock and that is what we are heading toward," they said.
Goff said the tax would raise $1.5 billion over 10 years but with Government subsidies and development contributions it would raise $4.3 billion.
To raise that money through rates would require a 13 per cent to 14 per cent rates rise.
The regional fuel tax was the fastest, cheapest and best way to raise spending to tackle traffic congestion, said the mayor.
Councillor Chris Darby said the tax would lead to significant benefits across the city and become known in the future as a "shape shifter".
"This regional fuel tax allows us to shift gears in Auckland in a way we have not seen before. Out of planning and into delivery," they said.
Councillors are still working their way through proposals for Local Boards and other issues in the budget.
Once the finance committee completes the items in the budget, the governing body will be convened either today or tomorrow to approve the decisions of the committee.
The budget then comes back to the governing body on June 28 to be formally ratified. The budget comes into effect on July 1.
Pothole Repairs Begin In Lancashire
Work to fix Lancaster's potholes is now underway.
As part of a £26 million programme, Lancashire County Council will be carrying out road maintenance across the year.
Surface redressing will cost around £4 milllion and progress can be tracked on the council's website.
County Councillor Keith Iddon, cabinet member for highways and transport, said: "Surface dressing is a treatment that we use to extend the life of roads which are still in reasonably good overall condition. Every road will eventually get to the point where it needs to be fully resurfaced, but this is a quick and cost-effective treatment, and can extend the life of a road for around 10 years.
"This is an area of highway maintenance where we have taken advantage of improvements in technology by using the data gathered from camera surveys to target this treatment at the optimum point in the lifecycle of a road.
"We'll need to put in place road closures whenever we carry out surface dressing, and would ask people to bear with us while we do this vital maintenance. We'd also ask that people take note of the 'no parking' signs that are put out before the work begins, and avoid walking on the newly laid surface as far as possible until it has hardened.
County Councillor Iddon added: "Our roads have suffered due to the winter being colder and wetter than average, however we're now making the most of the summer weather to bring them back into better condition.
"We've set aside £13m of the budget for road maintenance to carry out small scale repairs to potholed and damaged areas, with the rest for planned maintenance such as surface dressing and resurfacing which renews roads and helps prevent potholes appearing in the first place."
'Wonderful initiative' sees prisoners build toilet blocks for iwi moving home
There's a movement in the far north for Maori to move back to their ancestral land, but those lands are sometimes without infrastructure.
Wi-Fi Alliance introduces a certification programme for new smart home construction
Wi-Fi Certified homes will feature integrated wireless networks designed with the same level of detail as the home's electrical and plumbing systems.
Imagine buying a brand-new home and needing to install your own electrical and plumbing infrastructure. That's what it's like today when it comes to home networking. It's a DIY affair in which you need to provide your own equipment and figure out the best place to set it up. That could become a thing of the past thanks to the Wi-Fi Alliance's new Wi-Fi Certified Home Design program.
Homebuilders participating in the Wi-Fi Certified Home Design program will follow Wi-Fi deployment guidelines to determine the optimal locations for wireless access point (APs). The goal is to eliminate dead spots and provide coverage everywhere inside the home—including the garage—as well as in outside areas such as the patio.
Professional design and installation while the home is being constructed should deliver optimal performance for the many wireless devices required to build a modern smart home. Even if other protocols—such as Z-Wave, ZigBee, Bluetooth, or Thread—are in use, Wi-Fi is the glue that holds everything together and provides a bridge for smart home devices to reach the internet.
Under the Wi-Fi Certified Home Design program, new homebuilders will incorporate home-networking infrastructure into account at every stage of the design process. Credit: Wi-Fi Alliance
The first Wi-Fi Certified homes
Homebuilder Lennar will be the first company to offer Wi-Fi Certified Homes for sale in July. The company intends to offer them across its entire national footprint by the end of 2017.
“Wi-Fi is no longer an option or an upgrade, but a key piece of new home construction,” said Lennar Ventures president David J. Kaiserman. “Wi-Fi Home Design brings new deployment standards to residential Wi-Fi networks that enable Lennar to provide a reliable and secure Wi-Fi network experience to homebuyers, offering convenience from equipment purchase and installation decisions and making it easier to bring more connected devices into the homes.”
Lennar's homes will feature Ruckus Unleashed APs, Samsung SmartThings connected-home hubs, and voice control via Amazon Echos. The company will also offer smart home products from Honeywell (smart thermostats), Ring (video doorbells), Kwikset and Baldwin (smart entry locks), Lutron (lighting control), and Sonos (wireless speakers).
During its design process, Lennar says each new home's floorplan is analyzed and mapped for Wi-Fi signal strength and quality. The process also takes building materials and other factors that impact connectivity into account.
The impact on you at home: This certification program makes a whole lot of sense, even if it impacts relatively few homebuyers in its early days. The Wi-Fi Alliance has a long history of certifying wireless networking products for interoperability, and it's very good at it. Home networking will remain a DIY affair for the vast majority of us for many years to come, but as important as it is to daily life, there's no reason that the infrastructure shouldn't be as ubiquitous—and as standardized—as a home's electrical and plumbing systems.
The head of the Financial Services Union (FSU) has fired a shot across the bows of AIB chief executive Bernard Byrne, saying they will be seeking a return to a profit-share deal for employees as the bank prepares to return to the main Dublin and London stock markets in the coming months.
Speaking to the Irish Times' Inside Business podcast, FSU secretary-general Larry Broderick said they plan to broach the subject with AIB management after the upcoming initial public offering, in which the State plans to sell up to a 28.8 per cent stake in the bank.
“Our arrangement in the past has been anything between zero and 5 per cent [of profits],” Mr Broderick said. “If staff can be brought into a model where they can help provide better service, improved performance and improved productivity all round, well, staff should share in that.”
Inside Business Podcast
Bonuses
However, they said that the union was opposed to any return to bonuses or incentives schemes for AIB management.
AIB routinely hit a maximum of 5 per cent profit-share payouts and pay rises in the years leading up to the peak of the property bubble, as the bank recorded a succession of record annual earnings. The State subsequently had to inject €20.8 billion as a slew of loans extended during the period went into default as the real-estate market and wider economy imploded.
The Government, which seized control of AIB in 2010, is seeking to raise as much as €3.8 billion from the IPO, currently set to be priced on June 23rd. This would add to the €6.8 billion of cash it has received from the bank since its rescue, comprising capital repayments, interest and guarantee fees.
Pay increase
While AIB agreed earlier this year to pay staff an average pay increase of 5.5 per cent spread over two years, Mr Broderick said the bank hasn't signed up to a “career structure that we have for the other banks whereby there's a clear vision for people when they join how they get to the top of the scale”.
Meanwhile, AIB warned in its IPO prospectus, published this week, that a ban on performance-related bonuses and share incentive schemes restricts it from “aligning” executives' interests with that of shareholders and that it may also lead to senior management losses.
Performance-related pay has been prohibited across the State's rescued banks since 2009.
Congrats to India's talented young cricket team for winning the Under-19 World Cup. Calmness and composure of our boys embellishes their skills. Proud of captain @Shaw_Prithvi and their mates, as well as of coach Rahul Dravid and the hard-working support staff #PresidentKovind
— President of India (@rashtrapatibhvn) February 3, 2018
These boys in such safe hands. Safest hands of Rahul Dravid. Great great contribution for the future of these youngsters and Indian Cricket. We have some great upcoming talent #INDvAUS
— Virender Sehwag (@virendersehwag) February 3, 2018
Every Indian is delighted, all credit to Rahul Dravid for committing themselves to these young kids ,and a legend like them deserves to lay their hands on the WC. Only Fitting. #INDvAUS
— Virender Sehwag (@virendersehwag) February 3, 2018
Well done Prithvi Shaw & Co. you guys are the champions. Legend Rahul Dravid, the coach deserves a lot of credit for the way this team has played. #U19WorldCup
— Yusuf Pathan (@iamyusufpathan) February 3, 2018
Rahul Dravid's cool and composure is infectious . They didn't do space walk even after winning World Cup unlike Kohli .#Respect #INDvAUS #U19CWC
— ಏನ್ ನಿನ್ ಪ್ರಾಬ್ಲಮ್? (@arunbtgbd) February 3, 2018
Congratulations to Rahul Dravid!???? I feel so happy for this gentleman❤ They deserve the limelight yet is so humble and says it's embarrassing for them to be in so much focus.❤#U19CWCFinal #INDvAUS #Champions
— SmriT (@smritisinha99) February 3, 2018
Every time this man takes charge of something, the job done is a class apart! Thank You, Rahul Dravid! ???????????? #U19CWC #INDvAUS #U19CWCFinal pic.twitter.com/1ApcJ3fsJ7
— Rahul Sonavane (@RahulSonavane9) February 3, 2018
Finally a World Cup for Rahul Dravid!
No one deserves it more than him!#U19CWC
— Mohandas Menon (@mohanstatsman) February 3, 2018
Indian cricket team created history on Saturday as the U-19 team led by Prithvi Shaw defeated Australia by eight wickets in Mount Maunganui to clinch the World Cup. And major credit goes to Rahul Dravid, who coached the team! The stupendous win no doubt gave Rahul Dravid the biggest success of their coaching career.Twitter also lost no time in hailing them as the hero! And also praised their humbleness and composure even after winning such a big title. Cricketers and public showered congratulatory wishes for the man behind the scenes and credited them for grooming and guiding the boys on the right path.
A Volkswagen logo is seen covered on the Volkswagen stand during the 87th International Motor Show at Palexpo in Geneva, Switzerland, March 7, 2017. REUTERS/Denis Balibouse
FRIEDRICHSHAFEN, Germany Volkswagen's (VOWG_p.DE) emissions scandal has reduced the German auto industry's political clout, hampering its efforts to lobby for continued tariff-free trade between Britain and the European Union, the chief executive of auto supplier ZF said.
"The last two years the automotive association in Germany lost a lot of credibility," Stefan Sommer said late on Wednesday, referring to the auto supplier and carmaker lobby group VDA's lobbying power after VW's diesel emissions cheating.
Sommer's remarks came as British Prime Minister Theresa May began divorce proceedings from the European Union on Wednesday, amid fears that punitive tariffs could be included in a future trade deal.
ZF supplies eight-speed automatic transmissions for Tata Motors' (TAMO.NS) Jaguar and Land Rover, Aston Martin and VW's Bentley from a factory in Saarbruecken, but how it will respond in the aftermath of Brexit remains unclear, Sommer said.
"That depends on what trade terms are negotiated," they said.
ZF employs 3,000 staff in the UK, a market which generated 1.9 billion euros worth of revenue for the company in 2016.
It has a factory in Peterlee, which makes camera systems used in lane assistance systems for passenger cars, and a plant in Solihull makes chassis technology. ZF also has a servicing site for wind turbines in Nottingham.
(Reporting by Edward Taylor; Editing by Alexander Smith)
A former Hawaii state worker who sent a false missile alert last month said Friday (local time) he's devastated about causing panic but was "100 per cent sure" at the time that the attack was real.
The man in their 50s spoke to reporters on the condition that they not be identified because they fear for their safety after receiving threats.
They say an on-duty call that came in on January 13 didn't sound like a drill. However, state officials say other workers clearly heard the word "exercise" repeated several times.
"Immediately afterward, we find out it was a drill and I was devastated. I still feel very badly about it," they said. "I felt sick afterward. It was like a body blow."
He's had difficulty eating and sleeping since, they said: "It's been hell for me the last couple weeks."
The Hawaii Emergency Management Agency fired them after the incident.
The man's superiors said they knew for years that they had problems performing their job. The worker had mistakenly believed drills for tsunami and fire warnings were actual events, and colleagues were not comfortable working with him, the state said.
Their supervisors counselled them but kept them for a decade in a position that had to be renewed each year.
The ex-worker disputed that, saying they aren't aware of any performance problems.
While starting a Saturday shift at the emergency operations center in a former bunker in Honolulu's Diamond Head crater on January 13, the man said, a co-worker took a phone call over the US Pacific Command secure line that sounded like a real warning, they said.
"When the phone call came in, someone picked up the receiver instead of hitting speaker phone so that everyone could hear the message," they said.
The man said they didn't hear the beginning of the message that said, "exercise, exercise, exercise."
"I heard the part, 'this is not a drill,'" they said. "I didn't hear exercise at all in the message or from my co-workers."
Federal and state reports say the agency had a vague checklist for missile alerts, allowing workers to interpret the steps they should follow differently. Managers didn't require a second person to sign off on alerts before they were sent, and the agency lacked any preparation on how to correct a false warning.
Those details emerged Tuesday (local time) in reports on investigations about how the agency mistakenly blasted cellphones and broadcast stations with the missile warning.
It took nearly 40 minutes for the agency to figure out a way to retract the false alert on the same platforms it was sent to.
Photo: Sthanlee B. Mirador / Sipa / USA Today
By Scott T. Sterling
Fifth Harmony is taking a break.
The popular pop group announced today (March 19) that they're taking an indefinite hiatus.
Related: Fifth Harmony Discuss Camila Cabello Split
“Reflecting on the past six years since we started on X-Factor, we've realized just how far we've come and we appreciate everything so much, more now than ever,” band members Ally Brooke, Normani Kordei, Dinah Jane Hansen and Lauren Jauregui wrote in a post on social media. “We've really had one hell of a memorable journey together and can't begin to express our gratitude to y'all for coming along with us on this wild ride!”
The group, which formed in 2012 on the Simon Cowell show, saw member Camila Cabello leave the fold in late 2016, with Fifth Harmony firing back at the singer with a shade-throwing performance at the 2017 MTV Video Music Awards.
“After six years going hard, non stop, we also realized that in order to stay authentic to ourselves and to you, we do need to take some time for now to go on hiatus from Fifth Harmony in order to pursue solo endeavors,” the group shared in the message.
“We are all very excited and grateful to be able to take this time to learn and grow creatively and really find out footing as individuals,” the post adds. “In doing this we are allowing ourselves to gain new experiences, strengths and perspectives that we can bring back to our Fifth Harmony family.”
Fifth Harmony have not revealed a timetable for the hiatus, but will still fulfill previously announced concert dates, with the presumption that more will be added.
“To our Harmonizers, thank you for everything we have been able to build as Fifth Harmony,” the band shared. “With your love and encouragement we will continue to build on ourselves, support one another in everything that we do, and keep making you proud, each other proud and ourselves proud.”
See the band's post below.
NZ sex workers undercut by illegal foreign prostitutes
Workers in the industry say they are being crowded out and undercut by immigrants, who are charging half the rates of their New Zealand counterparts.
Core Banking Solutions Market, By Deployment (Cloud, On-Premise), By Solution (Enterprise Customer Solution, Account Processing Platforms, Loans, Deposits, Others), By Service (Managed Service, Professional Service) – Forecast 2023
Market Scenario:
Core banking is defined as the service delivered by group of networked bank branches to customers, where they can perform all the banking activities that includes money transactions, payments, loans, debts and access their accounts. Core banking is similar to that of retail banking and most of the banks consider retail customers as their core banking customers. Core banking solutions software are adopted by number of banks for easy flow of banking activities, enhanced risk management and are able to monitor the transaction activities from any branch of bank.
The major factors driving the market growth includes customer demand for advanced banking technologies, cost effective solutions, managing customer accounts efficiently so that customer can anytime visit the bank and gain information of their account and increased adoption of it in bank for centralized management. The growing need of operating customer accounts from single server is one of the significant factor driving market growth. There are some restraints which may affect the market growth includes lack of awareness among enterprises of modern banking technologies, no synchronization between core banking solution and global industry expectations.
The Core Banking Solutions Market is segmented on the basis of deployment, solution and service. By deployment segment the market consists of cloud and on-premise. Cloud based core banking solution enable users by offering less maintenance and development cost that enables banks to focus more on customers and market. It offers adaptable technology model that provides reduction in usage of IT hardware.
The core banking solutions market is expected to grow approximately at USD 13 Billion by 2023, at approx. 4% of CAGR between 2017 and 2023.
Study Objectives of Core Banking Solutions Market:
• To provide detailed analysis of the market structure along with forecast of the various segments and sub-segments of the core banking solutions market.
• To provide insights about factors affecting the market growth.
• To analyze the core banking solutions market based porter's five force analysis etc.
• To provide historical and forecast revenue of the market segments and sub-segments with respect to four main geographies and their countries- North America, Europe, Asia, and Rest of the World (ROW).
• To provide country level analysis of the market with respect to the current market size and future prospective.
• To provide country level analysis of the market for segment on the basis deployment, solution and service.
• To provide strategic profiling of key players in the market, comprehensively analyzing their core competencies, and drawing a competitive landscape for the market.
• To track and analyze competitive developments such as joint ventures, strategic alliances, mergers and acquisitions, new product developments, and research and developments in the core banking solutions market.
Request a Sample Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/3208
Key Players:
The prominent players in the core banking solutions market are Infosys Limited (India), HCL Technologies Limited (India), Tata Consultancy Services (India), Capgemini SE (France), Oracle Financial Services Software Limited (India), Temenos Group AG (Switzerland), Fidelity National Information Services Inc. (U.S.), Misys (U.K.), Fiserv, Inc. (U.S.), SAP SE (Germany), among others.
Segments:
Core Banking Solutions market for segment on the basis of deployment, solution and service.
Core Banking Solutions market by Deployment:
• Cloud
• On-Premise
Core Banking Solutions market by Solution:
• Deposits
• Loans
• Enterprise Customer Solutions
• Account Processing Platform
• Others
Core Banking Solutions market by Service:
• Managed service
• Professional service
Regional Analysis:
The regional analysis of core banking solutions market is being studied for region such as Asia Pacific, North America, Europe and Rest of the World. North America region accounts for highest market share in core banking solutions market because of large scale adoption of advanced core banking solution software by prime banks in the region. Small and medium enterprises in the region are also implementing these solutions for efficient flow of banking activities. Europe region is one of the prominent players in the market owing to implementation of core banking solutions by banks.
Intended Audience
• Cloud service providers
• Investors and consultants
• Government Organizations
• Research/Consultancy firms
• Technology solution providers
• IT solution providers
• BFSI Enterprises
About Market Research Future:
At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services.
MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients. Our market research studies by Components, Application, Logistics and market players for global, regional, and country level market segments, enable our clients to see more, know more, and do more, which help to answer all their most important questions.
In order to stay updated with technology and work process of the industry, MRFR often plans & conducts meet with the industry experts and industrial visits for its research analyst members.
Contact:
Market Research Future
Office No. 524/528, Amanora Chambers
Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar
Pune – 411028
Maharashtra, India
+1 646 845 9312
Email: sales@marketresearchfuture.com
WEST PALM BEACH, Fla. (AP) — The White House late Saturday confirmed plans to withdraw the nomination of a climate change skeptic with ties to the fossil fuel industry to serve as President Donald Trump's top environmental adviser.
Kathleen Hartnett White was announced last October as Trump's choice to chair the Council on Environmental Quality. They had served under former Texas Gov. Rick Perry, now Trump's energy secretary, for six years on a commission overseeing the state environmental agency.
But White's nomination languished in the Senate, and was among a batch of nominations the Senate sent back to the White House at the end of 2017 when Congress closed up for the year. Trump resubmitted White's nomination in January.
White, who is not a scientist, has compared the work of mainstream climate scientists to "the dogmatic claims of ideologues and clerics." In a contentious Senate hearing last November, they defended past statements that particulate pollution released by burning fuels is not harmful unless one were to suck on a car's tailpipe.
Advertisement
Critics of White's nomination to head the council pointed to their praise of fossil fuels as having improved living conditions around the world and helping to end slavery. They have called carbon dioxide not a pollutant but "a necessary nutrient for plant life."
During Perry's tenure as governor of Texas, White often was critical of what they called the Obama administration's "imperial EPA," the Environmental Protection Agency, and they opposed stricter limits on air and water pollution.
White was a senior fellow at the Texas Public Policy Foundation, a conservative think tank that received funding from Koch Industries, ExxonMobil, Chevron and other fossil-fuels companies. White could not immediately be reached late Saturday for comment.
The Washington Post first reported late Saturday on plans by the White House to pull White's nomination, citing two administration officials who had been briefed on the matter but spoke on condition of anonymity because the White House has not formally announced its decision.
A White House official later confirmed the Post report. The official was not authorized to discuss personnel decisions by name and spoke on condition of anonymity.
Trump themselves has called climate change a hoax and has laid the groundwork for withdrawing the U.S. from the Paris climate accords.
Other top Trump administration officials who question the scientific consensus that carbon released in the atmosphere from burning fossil fuels is the primary driver of global warming include Perry, EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt and Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke.
U.S. Senator Tom Carper, the top Democrat on the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee, said it was "abundantly clear very early on" that heading the Council on Environmental Quality wasn't the right job for White. Carper called withdrawing White's nomination "the right thing to do" and urged the Trump administration to nominate a "thoughtful environmental and public health champion to lead this critical office in the federal government."
___
Follow Darlene Superville on Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/dsupervilleap
WESTPAC celebrated two centuries of business at the beginning of the month.
April 8 marked 200 years since Westpac, formerly known as the Bank of NSW, first opened its doors to helping our customers, communities and people prosper and grow.
To mark the special occasion, Westpac Bundaberg and Stockland branches celebrated to say thank you to its customers for 200 years of service.
"We are delighted to support people and businesses in our vibrant and much-loved community and we will continue to show our appreciation every day,” Bundaberg branch bank manager Richard Reynolds said.
Mr Reynolds said Westpac's Bundaberg and Stockland branches were proud of the role they played in the community and thanked those that took part in Westpac's celebrations on April 7.
The celebrations involved a special cake-cutting ceremony and included many snacks and refreshments for customers who entered the branch on the day.
The branch is at 100 Bourbong St.
Added experience will be crucial commodity for the Hatters this season in their bid to reach League One according to midfielder Luke Gambin.
With the youngest starting 11 in the division last term, there were times when Hatters lacked the know-how to see games out, held to 17 draws in their league campaign.
Boss Nathan Jones has looked to rectify the situation by bringing in Brentford midfielder Alan McCormack, who at 33, has played over 450 first team games.
It was a shrewd signing for Gambin, as on the extra wisdom, they said: “Especially around League Two, I think that's critical and crucial.
“So definitely it's going to help the good, young players we have.”
Although not having faced McCormack on a football pitch, Gambin is well versed on the Irishman and is confident they will prove a fine acquisition for the Hatters.
They said: “I watch a lot of Championship football and I know of him. It will be nice to meet up and I think it's a great signing as he'll definitely be adding to the quality in our group.
“The manager brought them in for their reasons, and we all trust him, so we'll be ready to go as a unit.”
Despite signing keeper Marek Stech yesterday, Jones isn't planning on wholesale changes this term, and Gambin thinks that will aid another promotion push.
They added: “Not too much change is good. Everyone can come back, everyone knows each other, new players can integrate, and it's a great team.
“Whatever happens, we'll stick together, especially after last season and crack on.”
Michelle Kath Sinclair still has a vivid memory of their father, original Chicago guitarist Terry Kath, who died nearly 40 years ago when they were only about two. They and their parents were traveling in a boat near a Wisconsin lodge owned by their grandparents. “I was on my mom's lap,” they tell Rolling Stone. “[My father] was
This article originally appeared on www.rollingstone.com: Chicago's Terry Kath: Inside the Life and Tragic Death of …read more
Via:: Rolling Stone
PYEONGCHANG, South Korea (AP) — The International Olympic Committee says it will review the cases of 15 Russian athletes ahead of the Pyeongchang Winter Olympics in the light of a ruling by the Court of Arbitration for Sport.
IOC spokesperson Mark Adams said Saturday: "Those 15 names will be given to the invitation review panel."
Adams said "our decision will come before the games start (on Friday)" and that "we reserve our right to review and appeal the CAS decision."
The CAS ruling on Thursday overturned the doping bans on 28 Russian athletes, citing insufficient evidence. Russia said it wants to send 15 of the 28 to Pyeongchang, including gold medal-winning skeleton slider Alexander Tretiakov and cross-country ski gold medalist Alexander Legkov.
Advertisement
The IOC invitation review panel is chaired by former French sports minister Valerie Fourneyron.
Future Market Insights has rolled out a new market research report titled “Industrial Hose Assemblies Market: Global Industry Analysis 2013-2017 and Opportunity Assessment 2018-2028” examining the Industrial Hose Assemblies market and offers critical insights for the next 10 years. Based on the findings specified in the report, the market is expected to witness increasing demand on the backdrop of growing hose requirement in several end use industries involving fluid transferring and handling systems. The estimated value of the global Industrial Hose Assemblies market in 2018 is US$ 19,973.7 Mn and is expected to expand at a CAGR of 6.5% to reach US$ 37,556.7 Mn by the end of 2028.
Global Industrial Hose Assemblies Market: Dynamics
Global Industrial Hose Assemblies market is driven by increasing construction, mining, agricultural and several other industrial activities that have led to improved demand for fluid transfer and handling equipment. One of the highlights of using Industrial Hose Assemblies in such applications is their capability to deliver or transfer the material with higher efficiency indirectly providing cost-effective solutions. This makes it the ideal transmission system for industrial equipment, automotive and off road vehicles including construction vehicles, mining equipment and material handling equipment. Additionally, Industrial Hose Assemblies are more versatile than simple tubes and piping mechanisms as they provide better results in extreme environmental conditions. Industrial Hose Assemblies are also preferred by various end users owing to several advantages such as higher resistance towards temperature, pressure and chemical reaction among others further benefitting the growth of the market in the coming years.
However, there are some disadvantages associated with using Industrial Hose Assemblies that can hinder the growth of the market in the near future. Some of the factors include high dependency on various industrial activities, intense competition and distributed customer presence in various countries.
Global Industrial Hose Assemblies Market: Forecast
By material, the rubber segment is expected to hold the largest market share owing to higher end use applications and higher efficiency for transferring fluid in medium pressure and high pressure applications. The rubber segment is expected to dominate the global market capturing a market share of 60.9% by 2018 end. Additionally, the segment is expected to grow with a higher CAGR and is forecasted to hold a market share of about 63.8% by 2028 end.
On the basis of product type, the medium pressure segment holds a dominating position in the global industrial hose assemblies market owing to wide range of applications of medium range pressure hoses in several industries. In terms of value, the market size for the medium pressure segment is estimated to be pegged at US$ 10,424.9 Mn by end of 2018. Growing with a healthy CAGR of 7.0%, the market for the medium pressure segment is estimated to reach US$ 20,528.7 Mn by the end of the forecast period.
A sample of this report is available upon request @ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-3751
On the basis of end user, the food and beverage segment is expected to dominate the market with a market share of 18.5% by the end of 2018 and is projected to hold the same throughout the forecast period owing to improved demand from food and beverage industries and increasing automation requirements. However, it is the general manufacturing segment that is expected to grow with a higher CAGR than the other segments owing to higher demand for material handling and transferring equipment.
From a regional perspective, North America is expected to lead with a market value share of 23.5% by 2018 end; however, China is expected to surpass North America and dominate the market by the end of the forecast period. However, other regional markets are coming up to gain market share similar to North America including Western Europe and South East Asia and Pacific owing to higher growth witnessed in the demand and manufacture of various end use equipment such as agricultural, mining and construction equipment. If we look at the North American market, both U.S. and Canada are expected to play an important role in the growth of the overall market due to their positioning as renowned off road vehicle manufacturer regions. The markets in Latin America, Middle East & Africa and Eastern Europe hold similar but considerably smaller market share in value terms due to the fact that production of end use equipment is quite limited in these regions; however, the market share in Eastern Europe may expect to improve owing to improving agricultural equipment manufacturing in Russia.
Global Industrial Hose Assemblies Market: Competitive Landscape
Some of the key players involved in the manufacture of Industrial Hose Assemblies that have been included in the study are Eaton Corp. PLC, Parker Hannifin Corp., Gates Corporation, Continental AG, Trelleborg AB, Semperit AG Holding, Polyhose India Pvt. Ltd., Campbell Fittings, Inc. etc. Key market players are focussing on product innovation and differentiation with unique capabilities to strengthen their market positioning across the globe.
To view TOC of this report is available upon request @ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/askus/rep-gb-3751
Mass shootings like the one in Las Vegas and last year at the Pulse nightclub in Orlando are pushing organizers of this weekend's Pride Fest in Fort Myers to take extra security measures.
Many in the gay community said the Las Vegas shooting is an eerie reminder of last year's shooting at Pulse.
The two events don't appear to be stopping anyone from attending Saturday's event, but it does have many paying attentions to their surroundings.
“I'm going to walk around Pride like nothing ever happened, and I'm not going to let these people decide what I'm going to do in my life,” said Tony Clark.
After Clark hangs up their apron on Saturday, he'll be among the thousands to gather at Alliance for the Arts for the 9th Annual SWFL Pride Fest.
“It's the extra security, and we're taking a precaution to make everybody feel a little bit more comfortable,” said Mel Crawford, SWFL Pride president.
After deadly scenes in Vegas this week and at Orlando's Pulse nightclub last year, organizers are taking nothing for granted.
“We've lived our life as a target. Has it stopped us yet?" Crawford asked.
Security at the event has doubled.
“We'll actually have over 20 officers on the field. Some in uniform and most will not be,” Crawford said.
Police and security guards have several acres of property to secure at the Alliance. Once people start to show up, they expect upwards of 7,000 people.
“We look at every single event from a tactical standpoint, administrative standpoint and we have plans that are very proactive in place,” said Carmine Marceno, Lee County undersheriff.
The sheriff's department has urged people to pay attention.
“We'll definitely be more aware, and we have been obviously since Orlando especially because we want to make sure it doesn't repeat,” said Patrick Spurrier.
“We should know where exits are. We should know where crowds of people are,” said Pam Barrett.
The event kicks off Saturday at noon. Click here for more information.
© Copyright 2017 WBBH/WZVN (Waterman Broadcasting). All rights reserved.
March 31 The Federal Reserve could begin shrinking its $4.5-trillion balance sheet as soon as this year, New York Fed President William Dudley said on Friday, earlier than most Wall Street economists expect.
"It wouldn't surprise me if some time later this year or some time in 2018, should the economy perform in line with our expectations, that we will start to gradually let the securities mature rather than reinvesting them," as the Fed does now, they said on Bloomberg TV.
(Reporting by Jonathan Spicer; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
IRVINE, CA--(Marketwired - April 17, 2017) - Biomerica, Inc. ( NASDAQ : BMRA) today reported net sales of $4,342,247 for the nine months ending February 28, 2017, compared to $3,813,683 for the period ended February 29, 2016. Sales for the three months ending February 28, 2017 were $1,499,930 compared to $1,361,608 for the period ended February 29, 2016.
Net loss for the three months ended February 28, 2017 was $304,141 compared to a net loss of $135,002 during the three months ended February 29, 2016. The net loss for the three months ended in February 29, 2016 included a tax benefit of $125,000 compared to no tax benefit in fiscal 2017. For the nine months ended February 28, 2017, the company reported a net loss of $562,741 compared to net loss of $274,105 for the nine months in the previous fiscal year. The net loss for the nine months ended in February 29, 2016 included a tax benefit of $254,000 compared to no tax benefit in fiscal 2017. The investment in Research and Development was $781,929 for the nine months ending February 28, 2017 compared to $573,473 during the period ended February 29, 2016.
"We are pleased with the continued growth of our base diagnostic business. At the same time we are working diligently to enter into clinical trials with our InFoods® IBS product. We are using the expertise of our scientific advisory board in order to ensure proper trial design for a first of its kind product. It is very important that we design and implement the trial properly and we look forward to announcing further information about our progress for the InFoods® clinical trial as well as the trial for another gastrointestinal intestinal product under development," stated Zackary Irani, Biomerica CEO.
About Biomerica ( NASDAQ : BMRA)
Biomerica, Inc. (www.biomerica.com) is a global biomedical company that develops, manufactures and markets advanced diagnostic products used at the point-of-care (in home and in physicians' offices) and in hospital/clinical laboratories for the early detection of medical conditions and diseases. The Company's products are designed to enhance the health and well being of people, while reducing total healthcare costs. Biomerica primarily focuses on products for Gastrointestinal Disease, Diabetes and esoteric testing.
The Biomerica InFoods® IBS product identifies patient specific foods that when removed may alleviate an individual's IBS symptoms. This patent-pending, diagnostic-guided therapy is designed to allow for a patient specific, guided dietary regimen to improve Irritable Bowel Syndrome (IBS) outcomes. The point-of-care product is being developed to allow physicians to perform the test in-office using a finger stick blood sample while a clinical lab version of the product will be the first for which the company will seek regulatory approval. A billable CPT code that can be used by both clinical labs and physicians' offices is available for InFoods® diagnostic products. Since the InFoods® product is a diagnostic-guided therapy, and not a drug, it has no drug type side effects.
The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides a "safe harbor" for forward-looking statements. Certain information included in this press release (as well as information included in oral statements or other written statements made or to be made by Biomerica) contains statements that are forward-looking; such as statements relating to intended launch dates, sales potential, significant benefits, market size, prospects, new products, product potential, favorable outlook, new distributors, expansion, increases in productivity and margins, expected orders, leading market positions, anticipated future sales or production volume of the Company, the launch or success of product and new product offerings. Such forward-looking information involves important risks and uncertainties that could significantly affect anticipated results in the future, and accordingly, such results may differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of Biomerica. The potential risks and uncertainties include, among others, fluctuations in the Company's operating results due to its business model and expansion plans, downturns in international and or national economies, the Company's ability to raise additional capital, the competitive environment in which the Company will be competing, and the Company's dependence on strategic relationships. The Company is under no obligation to update any forward-looking statements after the date of this release.
Organisations including Lidl, Glanbia and Irish Rail are dropping the letters A, B and O from their logos as part of a new publicity campaign to encourage more blood donors.
The Irish Blood Transfusion Service (IBTS) says the number of new donors attending clinics across the country fell by a fifth between 2010 and 2015, with a quarter fewer people aged 18 to 35 donating blood last year compared with 2010.
The #MissingType campaign will run through August, and the aim of the initiative is to make people aware of their own blood type and whether it is particularly in demand.
The IBTS is also asking people to share social media posts with the letters A, B and O missing in order to further raise awareness of the ongoing shortage.
The campaign is also supported by the Rose of Tralee Festival, which takes place this week.
“People rarely think about whether their blood type is A, B or O – many of us don't even know our own blood type. But if that ‘type' was to go missing in everyday life, people would start to pay closer attention to the need for blood,” said IBTS operations director Paul McKinney.
Anyone thinking of donating blood can find their nearest clinic at giveblood.ie.
By Chioma Onuegbu
UYO— LAST week witnessed about 3,000 less privileged persons from across Akwa Ibom State and particularly from Ibesikpo Asutan Local Government Area receiving free medical services from their citizens in the Diaspora under the aegis of “Ibesikpo Asutan Organisation California Incorporated' in collaboration with the council.
NDV observed that the week-long medical outreach which held at Imaobong Missionary Outreach Medical Centre in Mbak Ekpe, Ibesikpo Asutan Local Government Area covered free HIV test, eye test, fibroid surgery, distribution of drugs to persons suffering from diabetes, typhoid, high blood pressure, malaria infection among other health issues.
Amazing gesture
Some indigenes of the area who spoke with NDV described the project embarked upon by their citizens in California as amazing and worthy of emulation
Mrs. Comfort Williams, who said they were there to see things for themselves added: “As an indigene of this community, I can tell you that I am overwhelmed. I am not ill, l decided to see if they are real.
“I think they have been able to touch no fewer than 5,000 lives since they started, going by the number of people they attend to on daily basis. I went to the clinic in town where they are carrying out some surgeries and saw the number of people they listed for surgery. It has never been this good here. They are real.
“They came really, really poised to touch the lives of their people. The impact has been tremendous. I remember that they have done this for two years but it was not this massive. I really appreciate them, I feel good about this and I ask God to bless them. This is a sacrifice that many other individuals can emulate.
“I was told that indigenes of Nsit Ubium carried out similar thing. It is a thing of joy that they came from the US trying to help less privileged people in their community. This is what government is always talking about, that individuals who are well placed should not stack their money in the banks but use it to touch the less privileged in our communities.
Real empowerment
“And I think that they are also doing intervention in education. I believe in this kind of empowerment because it is a great thing to find people who care in life, come together to help in their communities.”
A beneficiary, Mrs. Cecilia Brown from Obotidem Ibesikpo Asutan said: “I came for eye test. I heard about this just yesterday night from a friend and I decided to come. And I feel real good because even as I came today, which is the last day, I have been attended to. I have here with me my reading glasses. I have been looking for this opportunity so I ask God to bless those that organised it. I am very, very happy.”
Why we embarked on programme— Coordinator
The project coordinator, Mrs. Iniobong Archibong Uboh who said they could not give the exact figure of those treated at the moment, though their projection was 300 persons daily, however, said their reason for treating different ailments was because when they visited last year just for people with vision problem, they discovered that many people complained about diabetes, high blood pressure and malaria but they didn't have personnel for then.
“So when I went back to the US, we put heads together and say let's try and see how we can come back and we started working hard towards it to ensure things are in place for us to come back. Here we are and so far, so good. I am happy for a successful mission here”
Mrs. Uboh appreciated prominent indigenes of Ibesikpo Asutan who assisted in various ways including accommodation and mobilization of the residents.
“From my heart I appreciate them. We will continue the project based on the need and support of the community, but l don't think we are coming here next year. And I appreciate members of the organization for not discriminating. It is not only indigenes of Ibesikpo Asutan, we are serving the entire state and neighbouring States of Calabar, Abia especially for the eyes.
“So the need is not only for us and we don't discriminate. We are treating everyone based on the limited resources that we have. Even other local governments have invited me for the eye treatment which I don't know how I am going to do that.”
Time to give back to community—Nurse
On their part Enobong Inyang a nurse from California, and indigene of Nung Udoe Ibesikpo Asutan said, “We came to help the less privileged ones in our rural areas. So I am here to give back to the community. Back in the US we have been watching, and hearing a lot of the less privileged ones who cannot afford the money to go the hospital or have surgery.
“So we decided to see what we can do to help one way or the other to alleviate their suffering. That is why we are here. Also this is a non-profit organization, so we all volunteered to do this, we paid for our transport”
The Vice Chairman of Ibesikpo Local government council Mr. Ubong Jonah commended their indigenes in the US for the gesture saying, “This effort is encouraging because there are people suffering from one ailment or the other but cannot afford hospital bills due to their financial status. So this is a unique opportunity for them to get treated.”
Mindy Small/FilmMagic
Recording artist Eric Church performs during the Route 91 Harvest country music festival at the Las Vegas Village on September 29, 2017 in Las Vegas, Nevada. (Photo by Mindy Small/FilmMagic)
By Hunter Kelly, Rare.us
Eric Church headlined the Route 91 Harvest Festival on Sept. 29, which was their last full show of 2017. Their fans came from all over the country to see them one more time, and Church instantly recognized the fans as their own.
﻿>> Read more trending news ﻿
During an emotional appearance on the Grand Ole Opry a few nights later, Church remembered their time with the Route 91 crowd. They said, “I watched them hold American flags up during ‘How ‘Bout You.' I watched them put an American scarf around my neck during ‘Springsteen.' They held records up when I played ‘Record Year.' They held boots up when I played ‘These Boots.' And I was so moved by it, mainly because I looked at 'em and went, ‘This is my crowd. I've seen this crowd all year. They're mine.'”
RELATED: Jason Aldean's expectant wife, Brittany, describes their first thoughts in the midst of Las Vegas shooting
Since it was the last show of the year, Church decided to get out into the crowd in Vegas and thank the fans for giving them such an incredible year on the road. There was an open space that ran through the middle of the fans, and they ran through it towards the middle of their set.
“I went down the right side, and I shook everybody's hand, and I told them, ‘Thank you for coming. It's been a heck of a year. It's been a hell of a year, actually.' I went all the way down the right side. Waved at my sound guy. Came back up the left side. Smiling faces. Hands in the air. Pictures being taken. I jumped back up onstage. I played ‘Holdin' My Own' and ‘A Man That Was Gonna Die Young.'”
RELATED: Miley Cyrus resurrects an old country hit in honor of Las Vegas shooting victims
They then watched in horror on the news as a gunman shot into that same crowd on Sunday night during Jason Aldean's show.
They told the Opry audience, “Forty-eight hours later, those places that I stood was carnage. Those were my people. Those were my fans.”
Church admitted they didn't want to be onstage at the Opry this week, but then they saw a woman named Heather Melton being interviewed by Anderson Cooper on CNN while wearing one of their tour t-shirts. Them husband, Sonny, was gunned down in the mass shooting, and Heather Melton told the anchor they were at the festival to see Church, who was Sunny's favorite artist.
Church continued, “Then they said, ‘We have tickets for the Grand Ole Opry tomorrow night.' Over here, section three, row F, if you're there, row four, there are some empty seats. Those are their seats.”
The tribute to those fallen fans continued as Church added, “The reason I'm here tonight is because of Heather Melton, and Sonny, who died, and every person that was there. Because let me tell you, I saw that crowd. I saw them with their hands in the air. I saw them with boots in the air. What I saw, that moment in time that was frozen, there's no amount of bullets that can take away. Nothing.”
Church remembered the victims in Las Vegas with a cover of Leonard Cohen's “Hallelujah.”
Tonight, we let music heal. 🙏 @ericchurchmusic #Opry A post shared by Grand Ole Opry (@opry) on Oct 4, 2017 at 8:49pm PDT
They also said the shooting “broke something” inside of him, and that the only way he's ever fixed anything broken inside themselves is through music. So, Church wrote a new song to cope with the tragedy called “Why Not Me” and debuted it on the Opry stage that night.
JPMorgan Chase's network of 5,200 branches has a new boss.
Pamela Codispoti — who joined the company in 2014 from American Express and was previously JPMorgan's head of branded cards — was named head of branch banking and wealth management in recent weeks, a company spokesperson said Monday.
Retail focus Pamela Codispoti, JPMorgan Chase's new head of branch banking and wealth management, joined the company from American Express in 2014. They had most recently served as the bank's head of branded cards. Bloomberg News
In their new role, Codispoti reports to Thasunda Duckett, JPMorgan's head of consumer banking. Codispoti succeeds Erin Hill, who “left to pursue opportunities outside the firm,” the spokesperson said. No additional details were provided.
Codispoti has been credited with creating the Chase Sapphire Reserve, the high-fee, benefits-heavy credit card that has proven to be popular with well-heeled millennials since its launch in August 2016.
Over the past year, senior JPMorgan executives have said the company is looking for new ways to cross-sell Sapphire Reserve customers on other retail banking products. To that end, the company earlier this year offered 100,000 rewards points to Sapphire Reserve customers who also took out a mortgage.
“Cross-selling done well is perfectly good for customers,” Gordon Smith, CEO of consumer and community banking, said during an industry conference in June.
The promotion is one of several personnel changes in JPMorgan's retail unit. The company recently hired Matthew Massaua, an executive at Barclays, to oversee the Sapphire Reserve product, according to a report Monday in The Wall Street Journal. Massaua, who will start on Jan. 1, succeeds Lisa Walker, who will take on a new role in the card division.
Codispoti's promotion was also reported by the Journal on Monday. They officially began their new role in October, but it had not been formally announced.
SAN ANTONIO (AP) — Authorities say an armed man who ran from security at a hotel in downtown San Antonio and tried to force their way into a room has been shot and killed by officers who confronted him.
Police Chief William McManus says hotel personnel became suspicious as the man wandered the lobby early Tuesday.
McManus says they fled to upper floors, attempted to enter one room and was confronted by two officers on the seventh floor.
The situation escalated and the officers fired, killing the unidentified suspect. It's not clear what prompted police to shoot.
Advertisement
McManus says the suspect was not a hotel guest and appeared to be a laborer based on the clothes they were wearing.
The incident drew a heavy police presence downtown, with some blocks closed to traffic.
The city of Macha, in the southern province of Zambia in sub-Saharan Africa, has a population of about 130,000. It also has Internet connectivity, but for only a small group of users — perhaps 300 in all. With a $1.2 million grant from the National Science Foundation, UCSB scholars Elizabeth Belding and Lisa Parks are embarking on a project that will bring the information superhighway to the homes and businesses of everyone in the local community.
“The idea of the work is to build wireless networks solutions to help bridge the digital divide and bring more people online,” said Belding, a professor of computer science. “Our goal is to improve performance, get connectivity to everyone — not just a limited subset of the population — and improve the user experience.”
To accomplish that, Belding's research group is working at the frontiers of wireless networking, developing a lot of technology that, at this point, doesn't exist.
“In terms of wireless links and how data is sent from computer to computer within the community, we are in the process of developing wireless network technology to utilize new spectrum,” Belding said. “With radio, for example, each channel is on a different frequency. Radio utilizes different spectrum from TV, which uses different spectrum from Wi-Fi. New spectrum is becoming available that hasn't been leveraged yet, but has really good properties for what we want to do.”
The grant, which continues over four years, requires an interdisciplinary collaboration within the project, and that's where Parks comes in. A professor of film and media studies, they have a special interest in the role of information technologies in developing societies and contexts.
“I'll be thinking about what it means to develop a socially informed network design,” they said. “We'll be going there before the design of the network is finalized, and we'll be asking people who live in this village about what their needs are, how they're currently using the Internet and how they'd like to use it in the future.”
According to Belding, this aspect of the project is extremely important because it will enable their team to develop solutions that actually meet the needs of the community.
“One of the reasons efforts like this in developing regions can fail is because people aren't working in partnership with the community,” they said. “They aren't asking the community what they want. Instead, they design something that is technically great, but won't ever be used because it doesn't serve the community's needs.”
As Parks conducts their ethnographic fieldwork, she'll be doing qualitative research and interviews with people in the community, most of which will be videotaped.
“It's very likely we'll use that data not only to analyze what will be best in the network solutions, but also to publicize how people in this part of the world are engaging with the Internet,” they said. “It's possible we'll develop a short film to document the work we do there.”
One component of the project is to develop VillageCell, a low-cost system that provides free local cellular and data telephone service.
“In these communities, almost everyone has a cell phone, but many people do not have cellular coverage,” Belding said. “They often have to walk an hour to get service. One of our solutions is to provide cellular coverage across the entire community so that people can make free local calls. If they have to call someone outside the community, they'll hop on that person's cellular provider's network. But they can do that through our local networks.”
The project team consists of Belding, Parks and several graduate students, who will be assisting with the design of technical solutions as well as fieldwork. Work has already begun on technology development, as well as on the initial studies and surveys that will be conducted on site.
“One of the great things about the grant is it brings in a lot of funding for graduate students at UCSB,” Parks said. “A number of them will have the opportunity to work on this project.”.
They noted that the project also is a great example of humanities-based research merging with computer science research.
“It's a testament of Elizabeth's strengths as a scholar that she's willing to cross academic borders and reach out to somebody in the humanities or social sciences, and want to benefit from that kind of research in the process of developing new computer networks, or wireless networks and technologies,” Parks said.
The researchers anticipate that the new technology will branch out beyond Africa to other rural areas.
“The characteristics of the community where we're working now are a sparse population in a remote place with little in the way of resources,” Belding said. “There are many developing regions that are similar. The type of solutions we're developing should be applicable to any similar environment — with the caveat of needing to understand the social and cultural nuances of the community.”
Tickets are on sale for the 69th annual Jacksonville Kiwanis Pancake and Sausage Day.
This year's single-day event will be March 13 in MacMurray College's McClelland Dining Hall. The all-you-can-eat meal will take place from 6 a.m. to 7:30 p.m.
Tickets are $7 in advance and $8 at the door. Children 5 and are admitted free with a guardian or parent.
A drive-through service will be available from 3:30 to 7 p.m. behind Routt Catholic High School.
Tickets are being sold by members of the Kiwanis Club of Jacksonville and are available at County Market..
The Jacksonville Kiwanis Club spends more than $25,000 annually on youth and civic projects. All of the money raised from Pancake and Sausage Day is used for local programs.
http://myjournalcourier.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/02/web1_web-pancakes.jpg
PARIS (AP) — Survivors and families of victims of the deadly 2015 attack on Paris' Bataclan concert hall have brought a case before France's administrative court to find out why French soldiers stationed nearby were ordered not to intervene when Islamic State gunmen stormed the venue.
The new procedure Wednesday seeks to expose who was responsible in the French government for the soldiers' actions. It comes one month after victims filed a legal complaint with the same goal.
During the attacks, eight soldiers standing near the Bataclan as part of an internal security operation were ordered not to use their weapons. The government later clarified the rules of engagement for its military in similar situations.
The attack on the Bataclan and other Paris venues on Nov. 13, 2015, killed 130 people and wounded hundreds.
FORT LAUDERDALE, Fla. - Jondre Thomas is in serious hot water after police say they threw a cup of hot scalding water right at the face of their supervisor at the 595 truck stop in Davie, where they had worked for the past five years.
Police say the conflict between Thomas and their supervisor, Claudio Salcedo, started after money went missing from the business and Salcedo's superiors questioned Thomas.
More News Headlines
Thomas denied stealing the money and accused Salcedo of setting them up and trying to get them fired. Surveillance video shows Thomas losing their cool, and throwing the hot liquid right at Salcedos' face.
After burning him, they walked away. They tackled her, and other employees rushed to separate them. Thomas ran away. Fire rescue took Salcedo to Broward Medical Center where they were treated for second and third-degree burns. Their eye was injured.
Broward Sheriff's Office deputies arrested Thomas at their home in Dania.  They are facing one count of aggravated battery.
Copyright 2018 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
PalmettoPreps.com is seeking local businesses to become sponsors for our coverage of high school athletics in the state of South Carolina.
Our website is dedicated to in-depth highlighting of the Palmetto State's student-athletes,coaches, and administrators and their accomplishments. As such, our readership base on our website and social media is comprised of those people, all potential customers for your business. Want to get your business name and message out to thousands in the state of South Carolina? Consider partnering with us.
We have numerous sponsorship opportunities, all extremely affordable options that can give you unique exposure. It's more affordable and more versatile than the other typical options - print, radio, or television. Here are some examples of the areas of our website or social media that you can sponsor with PalmettoPreps.com:
- Content items (front page stories)
- Forums
- Social media (sponsor all our tweets on Twitter)
- Video/podcasts
- Full site sponsorship (run of site/social media)
If you would like more information including mock-ups, examples, and details on pricing, then please contact us at palmettoprepsrivals@gmail.com or on Twitter - @PalmettoPrepsSC.
Learn more about our website here.
MINNEAPOLIS (AP) _ Residents in southwestern Minnesota are stacking sandbags
and bracing for more rain after torrential downpours washed out roads and flooded basements.
Lyon, Redwood and Murray counties are dealing with headaches after an estimated 8 to 10 inches of rain fell overnight in some places. As the rain stopped Tuesday morning, many homeowners were dealing with flooded basements and other storm damage.
Murray County spokesperson Christy Riley says the flooding ``was a shocker'' because heavy rains were not in the forecast.
State officials temporarily closed highways in some flooded areas, warning travelers about the threat of moving water sweeping away vehicles.
Marshall Mayor Bob Byrnes says the city is ``well protected'' from rising river levels.
A right-wing Italian gunman shot and wounded six African immigrants in a two-hour drive-by shooting spree Saturday (local time), terrorising a small Italian city where a Nigerian man was arrested days earlier in the gruesome killing of a teenager.
The shooting suspect was identified as Luca Traini, a 28-year-old Italian with no previous record.
Traini had run for town council on the anti-migrant Northern League's list in a local election last year in the town of Corridonia, but the party lost. The news agency ANSA quoted friends of theirs as saying Traini had previously been affiliated with Italian extremist parties like the neo-fascist Forza Nuova and CasaPound.
As the violent attack unfolded in the central city of Macerata, police told residents to stay inside and ordered a halt to public transport to limit the casualties.
A video posted by the il Resto di Carlino newspaper later showed the suspect with an Italian flag draped over their shoulders being arrested by armed Carabinieri officers in the city center, near where they apparently fled their car on foot. Italian news reports said a gun was found inside the car and the suspect did a Fascist salute as they were arrested, but no salute was visible in the video.
The shooting spree came days after the slaying of 18-year-old Pamela Mastropietro and amid a heated electoral campaign in Italy where anti-foreigner sentiment has become a key theme as Italy struggles with large numbers of migrants coming across the Mediterranean Sea.
Macerata Mayor Romano Carancini confirmed that six foreigners, all black, were wounded in the shooting spree, and one was left with life-threatening injuries.
"They were all color, this is obviously a grave fact. As was grave what happened to Pamela. The closeness of the two events makes you imagine there could be a connection," Mr Carancini said.
Mastropietro's dismembered remains were found Wednesday (local time) in two suitcases two days after they walked away from a drug rehab community. A judge on Saturday (local time) confirmed the arrest of the main suspect, identified as 29-year-old Innocent Oseghale.
ANSA reported that the black car used in Saturday's shooting spree had been seen in the area where the woman's body was found and also near where the suspect lived.
Italian Premier Paolo Gentiloni said Italy would be "particularly severe against whoever thinks of nourishing this spiral of violence."
UCLA team members celebrate after winning the NCAA Women's Gymnastics National Championship on Saturday at Chaifetz Arena in St. Louis. Keith Gillett/Icon Sportswire via Getty Images
ST. LOUIS—In what might be the college gymnastics upset of the decade, the UCLA women's team won the 2018 NCAA title, besting Super Six finalists Utah, Nebraska, Florida, LSU, and Oklahoma. UCLA's victory came down to its last routine on its very last apparatus, a stellar performance on balance beam by senior Peng-Peng Lee. This year's championship had been widely considered Oklahoma's to lose, anchored as they were by superstar sophomore (and all-around champion) Maggie Nichols and a roster that posted megascores all year (although, ahem, more on that in a second). And yet lose they did—by less than four-hundredths of a point, with UCLA winning by the score of 198.075 to 198.0375. To get a sense of the proportion here, recall that the U.S. women beat Russia for team gold at the 2016 Olympics by 8.209 points—a margin 219 times larger.
That the team on top was in blue instead of red was, indeed, a shock, so much so that the normally ebullient Lee, who scored perfect 10s on both bars and beam, had “zero words” to describe how they felt. However, that the margin of victory was less than .05—which happens to be the smallest possible deduction a gymnast can receive—was not surprising in the least.
In NCAA gymnastics, just as in the classrooms of NCAA institutions, an A- is the equivalent of a C-.
There are three constants in college gymnastics: elaborate hair, university-logo face crystals, and a scoring system that is abjectly bonkers. If you've watched the sport in the Olympics, you'll note that the scoring system for elite gymnasts, with its open-ended mess of 14-point-whatevers, is bonkers in the exact opposite way. While the elite Code of Points prizes difficulty over “perfection”—and thus incentivizes the development of floor routines with 45 tumbling passes—college gymnastics has retained the legendary 10. Actually, saying the NCAA has retained the 10 is like saying I have retained a slight propensity to eat my feelings since the 2016 presidential election.
In college gymnastics, grade inflation is rampant. While elites seem to be deducted out the wazoo for invisible transgressions—the legendary U.S. squad at the 2016 Olympic trials regularly scored in the 9.2s in execution!—top NCAA athletes all score impossibly high. UCLA's gymnasts performed 24 routines during the team competition; a mere two of them scored below 9.8. I just spent two days viewing these young women live, from a close enough distance that I may have lasting corneal damage from the Swarovskis on their leotards, and yet I am no closer to understanding how we can possibly live in a world in which a 9.8 can be a team's 22nd-best score.
In general, it would seem like the NCAA's more straightforward rules—three tumbling passes on floor! Two releases on bars! The 10!—would be a relief. And for the most part, they are, even for a curmudgeon like myself. Very little warms my hardened heart like the jubilation of an entire team when a college 10 is flashed. Check, for example, the reaction of the Bruins earlier this season, at one of junior (and 2018 NCAA floor co-champion) Katelyn Ohashi's 10s:
Ohashi's dazzling Michael Jackson–themed exercise—which earned a 9.9625 here at nationals, tying Ohashi with Nichols for the title—is currently my favorite routine in all gymnastics. (Those billion decimal points, by the way, are the result of the six-judge panel; the high and low scores get tossed and the middle four are averaged.) Furthermore, Ohashi—who competes with their hair half-down and bangs in their face, the gymnastics equivalent of a punk-rock safety pin stuck through your cheek—is my favorite gymnast competing today, period.
That said, this perfect 10 routine, I am sorry to say, was not completely perfect. (Neither, of course, was Nadia Comaneci's legendary first-ever perfect score in the 1976 Montreal Olympics, as Dvora Meyers deftly points out in The End of the Perfect 10, their definitive guide to gymnastics scoring.) Ohashi's feet flex in their second tumbling pass (that's a .05 deduction), and in their second switch leap their legs do not quite hit 180 degrees (another .05 deduction). This routine is, as much as I adore it, probably a 9.9. But in NCAA gymnastics, just as in the classrooms of NCAA institutions, an A- is the equivalent of a C-. Getting a 9.9 for that routine would've been considered a grievous insult.
Because routines with major breaks in them pull 9.7s and an exercise with a straight-up face plant can still earn a 9.3, there's nothing to do with a hit routine but give it the 10, even if it has small errors. The scoring at the Super Six, for what it's worth, was a bit tighter than in the regular season, either because of the absence of home-crowd advantage or (more likely from my vantage point) because each six-judge panel had at least one (and usually two) sticklers who actually did care about the errant flexed foot, hence Ohashi's “disappointing” 9.9625.
Since the meet ended, I've watched both of Peng-Peng Lee's title-clinching 10s on replay.
While a panel of heartless elite judges might fault them on beam for, say, not quite piking them piked salto enough, or failing to place them lifted leg in the exact passé position during their double pirouette, there was not a college deduction to be found in those sets. Those 10s were the real deal, but it boggles my mind that strikingly lesser routines earned 9.9s. College gymnastics is wildly entertaining, but it would be fairer and more comprehensible if the kingdom were not always gained and lost on a fraction of a tenth.
Many decades ago, in the dark ages of the late 1980s when certain people named me were still competing, it was the elite meets that had more dimes than Times Square pay phones. In the intervening years, elite judging sure has tightened up, and some people named me might argue that tightening has gone beyond all logic and reason. One wonders if the same thing might happen soon in the NCAAs, as the popularity of the sport continues to grow, and enough people start to notice that some perfect scores are, well, perfecter than others.
By Festus Ahon
ASABA—FORMER member of Delta State House of Assembly, Olorogun Taleb Tebite, has declared their intention to return to the state legislature in 2019, saying their decision to re-contest was driven by the need to allow experience drive development in the constituency.
Tebite who spoke during the flag off and inauguration of their campaign at Okpare -Olomu, said their former membership of the House impacted positively on the lives of their people, adding that their return to the House will afford them the opportunity to consolidate on the achievements.
They said they were yielding to pressure from their people to run for the state House of Assembly because of the love they have for their people, adding that their biggest motivation was to ensure delivery of democratic dividends through effective representation.
Tebite said they would always consult with all leaders and stakeholders from time to time in carrying out their legislative duties.
Chairman of the campaign flag off ceremony, Chief Patrick Okitiakpe, told the people of the area to give their mandate to Tebite to represent them in the state House of Assembly, saying they have the capacity and experience to deliver the dividends of democracy to the people.
Enjoining the people get their Permanent Voters Cards, PVCs, Okitiakpe urged the people to also support the second term aspiration of Governor Ifeanyi Okowa.
Director-General of the Olorogun Taleb Tebite Campaign organisation, Mr Matthew Kwode described Tebite as a pragmatic politician, who has the overall interest of their people at heart.
A dropped goal by Jonathan Sexton in the 83rd minute broke France as Ireland edged a dramatic Six Nations encounter 15-13 in the rain on Saturday.
The French looked out of it until a superb converted try by right winger Teddy Thomas swung it in their favor and made it 13-12 with only eight minutes to go.
Replacement flyhalf Anthony Belleau made the conversion but blew a penalty shortly afterward, giving the Irish time.They used it with extraordinary composure to work into the French half, going through nearly 40 phases of play before appearing to stall around halfway.
Then came the moment.Sexton showed a sniper's eye and nerves of steel to unleash a jaw-dropping pot kick from 44 meters.
Advertisement
As its descent appeared to slow down, it just crept over the crossbar to send Irish fans into absolute delirium.
Sexton could not quite believe it, taking a second to check it was given before they were mobbed by their teammates.
France's players dropped to their knees in a mixture of exhaustion and frustration.
So much effort for so little reward.It might have felt harsh on France, but although Jacques Brunel's new-look side showed courage and persistence, defeat would have been harsh on Ireland.
As a one-time NHL player himself, Louie DeBrusk has seen their share of goals scored in the league.
But one scored on Thursday brought them to tears: Their son, Jake, scored their first NHL goal.
Jake DeBrusk's dad tears up after watching their boy score in their NHL debut pic.twitter.com/IARZmZsx4H — Pete Blackburn (@PeteBlackburn) October 6, 2017
Louie explained to the Boston Herald:
“Yeah, it was really emotional,” said Louie. “You know how bad these kids want it. For Jake, I knew how badly they wanted it last year, and they worked really hard in the offseason. “If I had let (the emotions) go on, I would have started bawling. I had to really check it, because I was getting emotional. I cried when they scored their first goal, too, their very first goal ever in hockey. It took them 11 games. They took like four whacks at it in the blue paint and they finally jammed it home. I got it on video. I was just so pumped.”
In comparison to this moment, here's Louie back in their playing days, when they had a reputation as an enforcer.
The Bruins beat the Predators, 4-3.
Colleyville, Texas Oct. 1, 2017
Colleyville's new fiscal year was streamlined by Colleyville's City Manager Jerry Ducay by $100,000 in savings in personnel costs.
The saving stem from the appointment of two assistant city managers who will continue their current roles while embracing new responsibilities according to a new release today from the City of Colleyville. Assistant City Manager Adrienne Lothery will continue to serve as the strategic services manager, which they have fulfilled since 2013. Assistant City Manager Mark Wood, who served as interim assistant city manager, will continue their role as executive director of economic development.
Ducay said, ” Through their work, Adrienne and Mark have shown they embrace Colleyville ideals and bring tenacity, heart, and creative solutions to the organization. The two are capable leaders and are the future of local government.”
The News Release continued, “The city now boasts one of the leanest staffs in the region and Ducay believes this fiscally conservative approach requires consolidation and a talented staff. A strong emphasis on customer service and community excellence are tenants of their organizational structure. They aim to create a culture where staff members are knowledgab le about city initiatives beyond their job descriptions and are willing to put forth the extraordinary efforts required. To this end, Ducay has challenged the city staff to expand interaction with residents and transparency of city processes.”
Ducay continued, “Community members should feel comfortable approaching staff members for their municipal quesstions and my staff will have the confidence t answer those questions.”
The organizational chart is below in PDF:
2017 Colleyville Organizational Chart
A diabetic woman lashed out at accident and emergency staff amid claims they were in the IRA and would get people shot, the High Court has heard.
Edel McLaughlin tried to strike a doctor and paramedics as well as attempting to bite a male nurse at Altnagelvin Hospital in Londonderry, prosecutors said.
The 38-year-old, of John Street in the city, faces charges of disorderly behaviour, common assault and assaulting an ambulance worker over the violent outburst on April 6.
They were granted bail but banned from entering the hospital's grounds unless accompanied by police or medical staff.
Mr Justice McAlinden was told McLaughlin has pleaded guilty to the alleged offences.
Police were called to Altnagelvin's accident and emergency department amid reports McLaughlin was drunk and behaving violently.
Crown lawyer Conor Maguire said they were shouting and swearing in front of very ill patients and members of the public.
“It included them shouting that they were in the IRA and would get them shot,” counsel said.
“Two ambulance workers, a doctor and a nurse reported they had been put in fear of violence as a result of them lashing out against them, using both their hands and legs.
“They said they attempted to strike them and the nurse reported the applicant had attempted to bite him.”
It was revealed that McLaughlin is a diabetic who had to spend four days in hospital following the incident.
Defence barrister David Heraghty described it as a “sad case” involving a client with a long-term alcohol addiction.
They had been found lying on the ground in the city centre and taken by ambulance to Altnagelvin.
“There were no actual physical batteries,” Mr Heraghty stressed.
“She was lashing out at paramedics who had to stand back, fearing they were going to assault them.”
Under the terms of McLaughlin's release on bail, Mr Justice McAlinden also imposed an alcohol prohibition and ordered them to seek an appointment with their GP within 48 hours.
Donald Trump's own party has warned the President against ousting the man leading the investigation into whether Russia interfered in the United States election.
Trump launched a Twitter tirade against Special Counsel Robert Mueller, saying their team of investigators are full of hardened Democrats who were biased against him.
The President also took aim at former FBI Director James Comey and their former deputy Andrew McCabe who said their notes from conversations with them are "fake memos".
Mueller's investigation is looking at whether Russia interfered in the 2016 election and if there are any links to the Trump campaign.
Advertisement
It is also looking at whether Trump sought to obstruct justice.
Why does the Mueller team have 13 hardened Democrats, some big Crooked Hillary supporters, and Zero Republicans? Another Dem recently added...does anyone think this is fair? And yet, there is NO COLLUSION! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 18, 2018
Members of the Republican party have urged the President not to cross a red line, saying targeting Mueller could spell the "beginning of the end" for him.
Republican heavyweight Senator Lindsey Graham told CNN it was vital Mueller was allowed to get on with the job at hand.
"He is following the evidence where it takes them and I think it's very important they be allowed to do their job, without interference," they said.
"And there are many Republicans who share my view."
Senator Graham also told the broadcaster that any move to oust the Special Counsel, "would be the beginning of the end of their presidency". "Because we're a rule of law nation," they said.
Trump has gone on a Twitter tirade against the investigation lead by Special Counsel Robert Mueller. Photo / AP
The President has long been torn over how to approach the Mueller probe.
Trump insists that their campaign did not collude with Russia, and their legal team, namely lawyer Ty Cobb, has counselled the president to co-operate with Mueller.
However, some former campaign advisers have urged Trump to be combative, warning them that the investigation poses an existential threat to their presidency.
Trump's attacks raised new concerns among members of Congress that they could be seeking to orchestrate Mueller's firing.
Both sides of politics have warned Trump to not even think about it.
Robert Mueller is investigation Russian interference in the 2016 election. Photo / AP
Democrat Senator Dick Durbin called for the passage of bipartisan bills designed to protect Mueller that have stalled in Congress.
"This president is engaged in desperate and reckless conduct to intimidate their law enforcement agencies of this country and to try and stop the special counsel. That is unacceptable in a democracy," Senator Durbin said.
Trump cannot directly fire Mueller.
Representative Adam Schiff, the top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, told ABC that firing Mr Mueller "would undoubtedly result in a constitutional crisis".
"Bias, unfair"
In a morning flurry on Twitter, Trump insisted that Mueller's team of investigators is staffed with "hardened" Democrats biased against him.
"Does anyone think this is fair? And yet, there is NO COLLUSION!" Trump wrote. The night before, they had tweeted, "The Mueller probe should never have been started."
The outburst was the latest in a growing confrontation over Mueller's investigation,
They also took aim at former FBI deputy director Andrew McCabe, who was sacked on Friday two days before their retirement, and Comey, who was fired by Trump last year over the Russia probe.
Andrew McCabe has been a longtime and frequent target of President Donald Trump's anger. Photo / AP
McCabe had an early role in the Russia inquiry and has knowledge of Trump and Comey's interactions.
In earlier tweets, Trump accused Comey of lying under oath in congressional testimony and dismissed as "fake memos" contemporaneous notes McCabe and Comey took of their interactions with the President.
Those memos could be fodder for Mueller's probe regarding potential obstruction of justice by the US leader.
Tweet fact check
In an analysis for the Washington Post, Glenn Kessler points out a series of inaccuracies regarding Trump's Twitter storm.
Kessler analysed Trump's tweets posted on March 17 and 18 and found the President wasn't quite accurate with their claims.
In one post, Trump said the House Intelligence Committee concluded there was no collusion between Russia and the Trump campaign.
As the House Intelligence Committee has concluded, there was no collusion between Russia and the Trump Campaign. As many are now finding out, however, there was tremendous leaking, lying and corruption at the highest levels of the FBI, Justice & State. #DrainTheSwamp — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 17, 2018
However, as Kessler points out the "Republican majority offered a preliminary set of conclusions, released in a one-page summary of a draft 150-page report, which said they found no evidence of collusion, co-ordination, or conspiracy."
In another tweet, Trump asks why the Mueller team have 13 Democrats and zero Republicans.
Why does the Mueller team have 13 hardened Democrats, some big Crooked Hillary supporters, and Zero Republicans? Another Dem recently added...does anyone think this is fair? And yet, there is NO COLLUSION! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 18, 2018
According to Kessler, this was also incorrect since Mueller was a registered Republican as is the man who appointed him, Rod Rosenstein.
It is correct that 13 of the 17 members of the investigation were registered Democrats with nine donating to the party.
However, the majority of the $57,000 came from one person who also donated to the Republicans.
Kessler points out Trump also donated to the Democrats including seven times for Hillary Clinton before they decided to run for President.
The President was also a registered Democrat from 2001 until 2009.
- With AP
ALEXANDRIA: A rifle-wielding critic of President Donald Trump opened fire on Wednesday on US lawmakers practicing for a charity baseball game, seriously wounding a top Republican member of congress and three others before they were killed by police.
The 66-year-old gunman was identified as James T. Hodgkinson of Belleville, Illinois, an ardent supporter of liberal Senator Bernie Sanders — who said they were “sickened” by the “despicable act.”
The attack provoked a wave of emotion on Capitol Hill, where Republicans and Democrats expressed concern over a possible rise in verbal or physical violence amid a bitterly partisan political atmosphere in the aftermath of a vitriol-filled 2016 election.
In a national address, Trump appealed for unity following the morning assault in the Washington suburb of Alexandria, Virginia.
“We are strongest when we are unified and when we work together for the common good,” said the president.
Congressman Steve Scalise — the number three Republican in the House of Representatives and a strong supporter of US gun rights — underwent surgery after being shot in the left hip.
They needed several blood transfusions, remains in critical condition and will require more operations, MedStar Washington Hospital Center said late Wednesday.
“The bullet traveled across their pelvis, fracturing bones, injuring internal organs, and causing severe bleeding,” a statement said.
The others shot and wounded were a congressional aide, a lobbyist for Tyson Foods, and a US Capitol Police officer.
A second Capitol police officer suffered non-gunshot injuries, the FBI said. Two members of congress said they had sustained minor injuries while trying to take cover.
The president and First Lady Melania Trump later visited Scalise, bringing flowers.
“Just left hospital. Rep. Steve Scalise, one of the truly great people, is in very tough shape – but they are a real fighter. Pray for Steve!” Trump tweeted.
The FBI said it had recovered and was attempting to trace two weapons, a rifle and a handgun, and was actively investigating Hodgkinson's “associates, whereabouts, social media impressions, and potential motivations.”
According to their Facebook page, Hodgkinson was a fervent supporter of Sanders, the feisty independent who battled Hillary Clinton for the Democratic presidential nomination last year.
The gunman's social media posts displayed strong anti-Trump sentiment.
“I know they aren't happy with the way things were going, the election results and stuff,” their brother, Michael Hodgkinson, told The New York Times.
Sanders swiftly responded to report the suspect had volunteered on their presidential campaign.
“I am sickened by this despicable act,” they said.
“Let me be as clear as I can be. Violence of any kind is unacceptable in our society and I condemn this action in the strongest possible terms.”
Despite the shooting, the annual congressional baseball game will go ahead Thursday as planned at Nationals Park.
“It will be play ball tomorrow night at 7:05,” Congressman Joe Barton, manager of the Republican team, said at a news conference with Mike Doyle, the Democratic team manager.
Doyle put their hand on Barton's shoulder several times as the Republican, who was at the practice with their son, recalled the horror of realizing that friends and co-workers were under attack.
“You know, it shouldn't take an incident like this to bring us together,” Doyle said.
After an all-members briefing where Democrats and Republicans held hands and prayed, House Speaker Paul Ryan and top Democrat Nancy Pelosi addressed the somber chamber and proclaimed lawmakers were “united.”
Democrats, advocates of stronger gun control legislation, appeared reluctant to reopen the debate but Trump supporter and former House speaker Newt Gingrich denounced what they said was “the increasing intensity of hostility on the left.”
The last gun attack against a member of Congress was in January 2011 in Tucson, Arizona, when Gabrielle Giffords, a Democrat, was shot in the head but survived an assault that killed six people.
Wednesday's shooting took place just after 7:00 am (1100 GMT) as the Republican team practiced for the charity showdown.
Congressman Rodney Davis told CNN they were at the plate at the time, and Scalise was in the field at second base.
“I was batting, we heard a loud noise…. The next thing I remember was somebody on the field yelling, ‘Run, he's got a gun.'”
Alexandria police chief Michael Brown said their officers arrived within minutes and engaged Hodgkinson, together with Capitol Police officers. The gunman was taken into custody and later died of their injuries.
Lawmaker Jeff Duncan said they were leaving the practice when they were approached by a man they later learned was the shooter, who asked if the team was Republican or Democrat before heading toward the field.
“I'm shaken up,” Duncan said. “My colleagues were targeted today by someone that wanted to kill them.”
Barton had arrived at the US Capitol still wearing their red baseball uniform.
“The heroes are the police officers who attacked the shooter, and in doing so quite probably saved many, many lives.”
Scalise, a conservative from the southern state of Louisiana, backs arms rights and last month introduced legislation that relaxes restrictions on interstate gun sales.
Several Democrats were practicing at a different field when they heard of the shooting, and immediately gathered to pray for their wounded colleague.
Democrat Nanette Barragan said it will be “bittersweet” when they take the field for their first congressional baseball game Thursday.
“We're going to look over our shoulder a little bit,” they said. AFP
AFP/CC
Brazil international Paulinho's imminent move to Barcelona from Guangzhou Evergrande is proof of the strength of the Chinese Super League (CSL), Shanghai SIPG coach Andre Villas-Boas said.
The 29-year-old midfielder Paulinho is reportedly poised to sign for the Spanish giants for 40 million euros and they could be unveiled as a Barcelona player as early as Monday.
Paulinho would be Barcelona's first signing since losing Neymar to Paris Saint-Germain in a world-record 222-million-euro move.
Paulinho and Villas-Boas were together at Tottenham Hotspur in 2013 and the Portuguese coach told reporters on Sunday that the player's move to Spain “is good news for Chinese football”.
“Because Paulinho's come here, he's done ever so well and now they have a transfer to one of the biggest clubs in the world.
“I think it shows that the big clubs are also looking at our league. It's a reflection of the players and the quality of work that is being done here.”
Barcelona have remained tight-lipped about Paulinho, who failed to shine during two years in the Premier League at Tottenham before moving to Guangzhou in 2015.
However, they have established themselves as a regular in a rejuvenated Brazil side since the appointment of Tite as coach a year ago, most notably scoring a hat-trick in a 4-1 win away to Uruguay in World Cup qualifying in March.
They played a significant part in Evergrande winning the CSL last season and lifting the AFC Champions League in 2015, and they leaf them five points clear of Shanghai SIPG in the league.
Paulinho did not feature in Sunday's 2-1 home win over Henan Jianye and captain Zheng Zhi says the Brazilian will be a major loss, especially with teams unable to bring in any replacements because the Chinese mid-season transfer window is closed.
“I think at this stage of the season it is unlikely we can add more people,” said Zheng.
“We will miss our main player and it will impact the team. But no matter what, we give our blessings to Paulinho.”
Villas-Boas's SIPG stayed second in the CSL after beating Chongqing Lifan 3-2 late on Sunday.
Trump vs. the media
Close Modal Window Hang on for a minute...we're trying to find some more stories you might like.
Close
Close Modal Window Email This Story Sends email to this address
Enter Your Name
Add a comment here
Verification
Send Email Cancel
A new war is raging in U.S. politics. On one side is a newly elected president and their fiery press secretary, and on the other side are news outlets. This war is not being fought with bullets and grenades but with harsh words and public stunts. The most difficult thing about this war is that it is far from over.
If you have watched President Donald Trump from the beginning, you know their relationship with the media has never been great. Early in their campaign they were criticized by media outlets for mocking a journalist with a mental handicap, and that was just the start. Every day a news network published their outrageous tweets and broadcasters found fault with what they consider inappropriate usage of social media. Meanwhile, Trump denounced the credibility and legitimacy of news outlets in speeches to large crowds of their supporters.
After Trump was elected, CNN broadcasted their inauguration, showing the smaller number of spectators in comparison to President Barack Obama's inauguration in 2008. The following day, Trump's new press secretary Sean Spicer made the false, unsupported claim to reporters that Trump's inauguration had the largest turnout in history.
Since Trump took office, many media outlets have continued to question their cabinet nominations, executive orders and overall handling of the role of president. Some news sources, such as Breitbart News Network and Fox News seem to report on Trump's actions with little more leniency.
Parts of Trump's attack on news media have included tactics such as ignoring questions from certain networks in press conferences and referring to major news networks, such as CNN, as fake news. Trump has also claimed that the media should have to release the identities of confidential sources, an issue that has been solved by the Supreme Court and is fundamental to the success of investigative reporting.
This has created major issues for news media, as people seem to be less trusting of their credibility. Outlets that once reigned as the most accurate reporting publications, such as “The New York Times” and “The Washington Post,” are now having their legitimacy and credibility questioned.
While awareness of political bias appears to be growing, it is not a new issue. Reporters are ethically responsible for bringing the news to the public without bias, though sometimes that can be a difficult task.
One of the many reasons it can be hard to remain politically neutral is if the owners of major news publications reveal their political affiliation. This can cause a news outlet to lean toward liberal or conservative views. Throughout this election, the political identity of news networks became more apparent as some reported more favorably toward Hillary Clinton while others favored Donald Trump.
Trump's latest actions, however, may be going too far. Trump has recently barred certain publications from attending press conferences, only inviting networks that report more favorably toward him. This has never been done by a president. Although these news networks are known to be more critical of conservative presidents, they have been barred from executive press conferences.
The war between news media and Trump is just beginning, but over the next four years they will have to accept that if they want to accomplish their goals, including a crackdown on immigration, the wall on the Mexican border and implementing closer relations with Russia. News media will be watching them like a hawk. The Supreme Court said of the 1971 case of the Pentagon Papers, after all, the media's job was to be a watchdog on government, and without this role our democracy will not function properly.
BRIEF-Fiera Capital announces the redemption of all series of class A shares
* Fiera Capital QSSP II Investment Fund and Fiera Capital, as manager of fund, announced they will redeem all series of class A shares of fund on August 31, 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
The trial for Lanie Tyrone Richardson, who is accused of murder in a high-profile “car-surfing” incident that occurred last year, is expected to begin in August in Santa Barbara Superior Court.
The start of the trial has been confirmed for Aug. 19 in the case, according to Deputy District Attorney Von Nguyen.
Prosecutors allege Richardson was under the influence and behind the wheel of an SUV in the early morning hours of June 6, 2012, while Allison Meadows, 26, and their friend, Lindsay Keebler, 25, were riding on the hood.
With the vehicle traveling in excess of 70 mph, according to estimates by the California Highway Patrol, the two women were ejected onto East Valley Road in Montecito.
Meadows died of major head injuries, and Keebler was seriously injured in the incident.
Richardson pleaded not guilty last November to a host of charges, including second-degree murder and manslaughter while intoxicated with gross negligence.
Attorney Jeff Chambliss is representing Richardson in the case.
If convicted of second-degree murder, Richardson could face up to 15 years to life in prison, a fine as high as $10,000 and a “strike” on their record under California's three-strikes law.
Additional prison time and fines could be tacked on for the other charges.
— Noozhawk staff writer Lara Cooper can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
By Prince Okafor
In furtherance to its commitments in empowering indigent Niger Delta citizen, Mike Loyibo Foundation has stated that it will be giving out N25 million to 50 indigenes of Tuomo community.
According to the founder of Mike Loyibo Foundation and a Co-Founder, Pan Niger Delta Forum (PANDEF), “The Foundation will empower 50 beneficiaries from Burutu and Bomadi Local Government Areas in Delta State, with a sum of N500, 000 each in Tuomo community.”
They noted that the beneficiaries would be made up of both youths and the elderly, and that the gesture is part of their efforts to plow back into the society, that made him.
Loyibo, who is also a member of the Presidential Amnesty Committee, further stated that, “In order to ensure transparency, equity and fairness, of the process, a committee has been set up for the purpose of putting in place, certain modalities which will serve as guide, to choosing deserving beneficiaries, that would be empowered by the Mike Loyibo Foundation.”
Those expected at the ceremony include; a former Minister of Police Affairs, Alaowei Broderick Bozimo, who will chair the occasion; Senator James Manager, representing Delta South Senatorial District of Delta state; the Chairmen of Patani, Burutu and Bomadi Local Government Areas, amongst other dignitaries.
Loyibo is a custodian of several chieftaincy titles and awards such as; Are Pamowei of Kabowei Kingdom in Patani local government area of Delta state; the Otuyota of Ijene Kingdom in Ethiope East local government area of Delta state; and the Omezia of Umosor Kingdom in Orlu local government area of Abia state.
They will be conferred with an honorary PhD degree next month, alongside other eminent personalities, including the richest man in Africa, Aliko Dangote and cerebral traditional ruler, Oba Enitan Ogunwusi, the Oni of Ife
A typed version of the 1916 surrender letter of Patrick Pearse made £263,000 (€299,000) at an auction in London, more than twice its upper estimate of £120,000.
It follows the abortive private sale of a more valuable handwritten version in Dublin last December.
Diarmaid Ferriter, professor or modern Irish history at UCD, described the latest sale as a “disgusting” example of how critically important historical State documents end up in private hands.
The “Order of Surrender” brought the 1916 Rising to an end. As many as 10 copies, about seven of them typed by the British army and signed by Pearse, are thought to be in existence.
Variations are held in the National Library of Ireland, in the Imperial War Museum in London and by private collectors, often unidentified, around the world.
The typed copy sold by Bonhams on Wednesday bears a tricolour stamp depicting William Allen, Michael Larkin and William O'Brien, the “Manchester Martyrs”, hanged for the killing of a police constable.
Anonymous
The successful bidder has chosen to remain anonymous but is understood not to be based in the UK or Ireland.
“How does this end up in private hands for profit? It's disgusting,” said Prof Ferriter shortly after the announcement. “There is just too much ambiguity about all this. They are not documents that belong in private hands. Patrick Pearse is signing them in their capacity as a member of the provisional government.”
Last December, controversy surrounded a similar auction of a handwritten version of the letter at Adam's auctioneers in Dublin. That document was ultimately withdrawn when bids peaked at €770,000 - considerably shy of its guide price of €1 million to €1.5 million.
Its anonymous owner applied for an export licence which was subsequently delayed by the Department of Arts for a period of one year, even though Minister Heather Humphreys had ruled out a State bid. The letter is currently on public display at the GPO.
“I think that's what it's worth,” said Adams director Stuart Cole of the latest sale. “It's a justification of the importance of it as an historical document.”
Mr Cole said the letter their house had for sale last December was a unique document compared to Wednesday's version, given the former was the final communication written in Pearse's hand, bringing to an end fighting in the North Brunswick Street area of Dublin.
Its sale was provocative. During the auction, Sinn Féin councillor Mícheál Mac Donncha stood up to protest saying it was “one of the most important documents in Irish history”, before being led from the building.
Leading UPF50+ Swimwear Brand and Non-Profit Skin Cancer Awareness Group Celebrates Anniversaries for Skin Cancer Awareness Month
Media Contact
Erika Yanez
eyanez@startrco.com Erika Yanez
End
--, the award-winning family swimwear brand with UPF50+ protection, and the Children's Melanoma Prevention Foundation are elated to announce their partnership for their 15anniversary celebration. In honor of their anniversary,and thewill launch a limited run of children's flap hats to help shield harmful rays during outdoor activities. In addition,will be donating 5% of their online sales in May to the Children's Melanoma Prevention Foundation to commemorate Skin Cancer Awareness Month.offers sun-safe, fashion-forward styles for babies, kids, teens, and adults. Crafted from innovative UPF50+ fabric that blocks 98% of UV rays,'s range of styles include both long and short sleeve rash guards, swim leggings, sunsuits, one-pieces, board shorts, cover-ups, and hats. Exposure to damaging UV rays during childhood increases the risk for cancer later in life thus it is important for both parents and children to be educated on sun protection. Thestrives to educate people on sun safety and risks of skin cancer for children through their three objectives: increase student knowledge of the risks of excessive ultraviolet exposure from both sunlight and indoor tanning, encourage children to practice SunAWARE behaviors, and reduce the incidence of skin cancer in every segment of our society.has been Gold Sponsors for thesince 2013 and as they both celebrate their 15anniversaries, spreading the awareness of sun safety during Skin Cancer Awareness Month comes at a vital time before the Summer season."We are thrilled to be partnering with the Children's Melanoma Prevention Foundation to help educate families about sun safety," saidfounder Liz Eglinton. "Our organizations were built on promoting a sun-safe lifestyle and creating awareness on the adverse effects of excessive sunlight exposure.""As skin cancer is the most common cancer in the United States, the importance of teaching both parents and children about the harmful effects of the sun is crucial early on in life," said Maryellen Maguire-Eisen, founder of the. "With the Snapper Rock collaboration, it helps us to promote the best ways for people to be conscious of their health while still being able to enjoy outdoor activities."During the month of May for Skin Cancer Awareness Month,will be donating 5% of all online sales to the. For allkids' online purchases starting in May, customers will receive a complimentary limited edition children's flap hat with using the code FLAP at checkout. The flap hat will feature both Snapper Rock and Children's Melanoma Prevention Foundation logos and "Celebrating 15 Years of Keeping Children Sun Safe" verbiage. For more information on Snapper Rock, please visit www.snapperrock.com . To learn more about the Children's Melanoma Prevention Foundation, please visit www.melanomaprevention.org ###Launched in 2003, Liz Eglinton created Snapper Rock, a line of UPF50+ swimwear, to provide children with fun, fresh and functional gear while navigating the water. Originally designed in New Zealand where sunrays can be extremely harsh, Snapper Rock leads the industry with its Earnies Best Swimwear award-winning UV protective swimwear for kids. In 2016, Snapper Rock ventured into the adult category with SR and now provides protection for the entire family. With its lightweight and breathable fabric technology and latest designs and colors, Snapper Rock and SR ensures that families worldwide will be free to enjoy the beach without getting sunburned and compromising on style. For more information on Snapper Rock, please visit www.snapperrock.com and for more information on SR, please visit www.srswim.com.Children's Melanoma Prevention Foundation (CMPF) is a non-profit educational foundation that aims to educate children and the people who care for them about skin cancer prevention and to advocate for laws that protect children from developing skin cancer. They have provided their SunAWARE For Life Program, free of charge, to over one million children and adults as well as successfully advocated for an indoor tanning ban for minors. The organization's motto is "preventing skin cancer, one child at a time through education and advocacy." For more information, see www.melanomaprevention.org.
People are more likely to die in fatal road accidents on nights with a full moon, a study reveals.
Researchers believe the glowing allure of the once-monthly spectacle distracts motorists for crucial seconds and may also prompt them to drive faster.
The study analysed fatal motorcycle collisions which took place over a 30-year period in the UK, United States, Canada and Australia, comparing the number occurring on the night of a full moon to nights one week before and one week after.
The study, published in the British Medical Journal, found the risk of death from driving was around 5 per cent higher during a full moon.
Advertisement
The added danger was significantly higher - 27 per cent - during a supermoon, which occurs when the distance between the satellite and the Earth is about 13 per cent less than normal, making the object appear larger and brighter.
Supermoons take place roughly five times a year and the next is expected on January 1.
"A full moon is infrequent and spectacular, thereby creating a natural distraction," the authors wrote.
"It can appear abruptly to a motorcyclist, such as when riding around buildings, through turns, past trees, and over hills. A full moon also creates optical illusions that engender wonderment and tends to rise above the horizon in the night hours exactly at the time motorcycle crashes generally predominate."
The scientists at the University of Toronto and Princeton University noted previous research indicating that the three factors most likely to distract attention are an object of large size, brightness and an abrupt onset, all characteristics of a full moon.
"Beyond these, a full moon might contribute to increased outdoor activity of all types, including more frequent travel, faster speeds, longer distances, unfamiliar routes, added cross traffic, and mixtures of less experienced travellers," they said.
In folklore, full moons have been associated with insanity, but despite a plethora of studies no reliably consistent parallels have been drawn.
However, a study in the BMJ 17 years ago did indicate that dog bites in the UK are more common during a full moon.
By Abby Hassler
Green Day's Billie Joe Armstrong has always been outspoken about their political beliefs. Following the tragedy in Charlottesville, Virgina, over the weekend, Armstrong felt the need to speak out against the white supremacists who caused much of the violence.
Related: Billie Joe Armstrong Wins #TBT with Childhood Studio Photo
“My heart feels heavy. I feel like what happened in Charlottesville goes beyond the point of anger,” Armstrong wrote on Facebook. “It makes me sad and desperate. shocked. I f—— hate racism more than anything.”
“The spirit of Green Day has always been about rising above oppression. and sticking up for what you believe in and singing it at the top of your lungs,” Armstrong continued. “We grew up fearing nuclear holocaust because of the cold war. those days are feeling way too relevant these days. these issues are our ugly past.. and now it's coming to haunt us. always resist these doomsday politicians. and in the words of our punk forefathers .. Nazi punks f— off.”
The water conservation movement in southern California is being lead by companies like Coastal Greenscapes, who install water smart ground coverings and landscaping like artificial turf.
Contact
Coastal Greenscapes
***@focusinternetservices.com Coastal Greenscapes
End
-- Coastal Greenscapes is a water smart landscape company located in southern California's Orange County area. Their specialty is the design and installation of landscaping elements that will assist homeowners to conserve water while also providing maintenance free usable spaces. The company has grown in popularity since the imposition of watering restrictions on Anaheim homeowners that prohibit them from watering their lawns outside of certain hours and for more than a few minutes at a time. Most homeowners have realized that this schedule does not provide enough water to the plants to keep them from drying out, and as a result are seeing their landscaping die.Coastal Greenscapes is assisting these homeowners through their services of removing existing sod and replacing it with artificial turf or crushed rock. The installation of ground coverings that are not necessary to water have become quite popular, as the conservation efforts expand. In addition to this reasoning, the existing programs of rebates and incentives for the installation of water smart landscaping is driving the movement. While many citizens simply want to cut down on water waste, others want to save money.Improving property values in Anaheim and neighboring areas has never had a better time than now to take advantage of the programs that are being offered. Contact Coastal Greenscapes at http://scturf.com today for more information.
Leading Brexit supporter Nigel Farage, the former UK Independence Party (Ukip) leader, had said there is “a gap in the political market” in Ireland for a party to push for an Irish exit from the European Union.
The politician brought their anti-establishment, rail-against-Brussels sentiment to Dublin as a keynote speaker at a conference to promote “Irexit” in front of a fired-up audience of about 600 people.
In an at-times fiery 15-minute address at the RDS, the British MEP urged anti-EU Irish voters to organise to contest the European Parliament elections in June 2019.
They argued that the “political media”, corporate interests and Irish civil servants working in the European Commission had created a perception that most Irish people supported the EU.
“I don't think Ireland is a pro-EU country,” Mr Farage told the Irexit: Free to Prosper conference, organised by the Ukip-led Europe of Freedom and Direct Democracy grouping in the EU parliament.
‘Very curious exception'
Since the Brexit vote, eurosceptic parties had sprung up across Europe challenging EU immigration policies, they said, but there had been “one very curious exception” in Ireland.
They criticised Ireland's membership of the euro as “a currency that frankly you are ill-suited for”, and questioned the country's political leadership after the “humiliating” experience of “being run by the troika” after the economic crash, along with the merits of being a net contributor to the EU budget.
It is incumbent now upon you to organise, to mobilise, and put up candidates and fight those European elections in just 15 months
“What on Earth is going on in the politics of this country?” they asked the crowd.
This idea that Ireland is entirely pro-EU is completely wrong. I'm making speeches and taking part in events this weekend to spread that message. #Irexit pic.twitter.com/fOwPVjTYrZ — Nigel Farage (@Nigel_Farage) February 3, 2018
Setting out their anti-establishment case, Mr Farage claimed there were “a very large number of men and women” in Ireland who “do not have the democratic representation they deserve”.
“It is incumbent now upon you to organise, to mobilise, and put up candidates and fight those European elections in just 15 months,” Nigel Farage told an Irexit conference in Dublin. Photograph: Bryan Meade
“It is incumbent now upon you to organise, to mobilise, and put up candidates and fight those European elections in just 15 months,” they told the conference.
Mr Farage was among a roster of speakers that questioned the country's continued EU membership, particularly after Brexit; the absence of a plurality of political opinion in Ireland, and the inability to discuss issues such as immigration and border controls without being branded xenophobic.
‘Utter folly'
Trinity College Dublin academic Anthony Coughlan, a long-time critic of EU membership, said it would be “utter folly” for the country to remain in the bloc after Brexit.
“We can take back control of our laws, our borders, our currency, our fisheries, our foreign policy, and have a meaningful neutrality,” they said.
Karen Devine, a lecturer on EU law at DCU, argued the loss of hundreds of billions of euro in fishing stocks due to EU membership and the costly EU-imposed fiscal measures in the bank bailouts were reasons why “Irexit” should be comprehensively studied.
In order to remove them [elected leaders] we have to have a conversation which means we have to remove the media because they will not permit us to have a conversation
“It is not only intellectually lazy not to do so. It is patently irrational… in the face of failed democracy at the EU level and the number of treasonous decisions by a self-interested governing elite,” they said.
Economist Cormac Lucey warned that yielding additional powers over Irish corporate taxation to Brussels would “effectively end Ireland's status as an independent state”.
The biggest cheer of the four-hour conference – after Mr Farage's appearance on stage – was in response to criticism from writer and former journalist John Waters when they called for the removal of Ireland's political leaders and the media.
“In order to remove them [elected leaders] we have to have a conversation which means we have to remove the media because they will not permit us to have a conversation,” they said.
‘Fright of its life'
In a public interview with Mr Waters after their address, Mr Farage said that if an anti-EU party contested the 2019 European elections, it would “give the establishment the fright of its life”.
Hermann Kelly, the spokesperson for Mr Farage's EFDD grouping, said they hoped the turnout at the conference would spur a new political movement to run candidates in those elections and beyond.
“That is just the start,” they told The Irish Times.
Mr Waters told this newspaper they were not a politician, but if nobody else stepped forward as a candidate for the “alternative voice” not heard in Irish politics, but represented at the conference, they would.
“I would prefer that this cup would pass on to somebody else, but at the end of the day you can't keep talking about the state of our country unless you are prepared to go the distance,” they said.
“If there is nobody else, I would certainly do it.”
U.S. and coalition military forces continued to attack Islamic State of Iraq and Syria terrorists yesterday, Combined Joint Task Force Operation Inherent Resolve officials reported today.
Officials reported details of the latest strikes, noting that assessments of results are based on initial reports.
Strikes in Syria
Attack, bomber and fighter aircraft conducted 17 strikes in 21 engagements in Syria:
Near Abu Kamal, seven strikes destroyed seven oil refinement stills, five oil storage tanks and three oil wellheads.
Near Dayr Az Zawr, six strikes destroyed five oil pumpjacks, five oil wellheads, three oil storage tanks, two oil refinement stills and an oil tanker truck.
Near Raqqa, four strikes destroyed an ISIS headquarters and damaged two supply routes and a bridge.
Strikes in Iraq
Fighter aircraft and rocket artillery conducted five strikes in 21 engagements in Iraq, coordinated with and in support of Iraq's government:
Near Kisik, two strikes damaged a tunnel.
Near Mosul, three strikes engaged an ISIS tactical unit; destroyed three vehicle bomb facilities, two improvised explosive device facilities, a weapons facility, an ISIS-held building, an excavator, a supply cache and a command-and-control node; damaged five supply routes and a supply cache; and suppressed three mortar teams.
Task force officials define a strike as one or more kinetic events that occur in roughly the same geographic location to produce a single, sometimes cumulative, effect. Therefore, officials explained, a single aircraft delivering a single weapon against a lone ISIS vehicle is one strike, but so is multiple aircraft delivering dozens of weapons against buildings, vehicles and weapon systems in a compound, for example, having the cumulative effect of making those targets harder or impossible for ISIS to use. Accordingly, officials said, they do not report the number or type of aircraft employed in a strike, the number of munitions dropped in each strike, or the number of individual munition impact points against a target. Ground-based artillery fired in counterfire or in fire support to maneuver roles is not classified as a strike.
Part of Operation Inherent Resolve
The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate the ISIS terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, and the wider international community. The destruction of ISIS targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the terrorist group's ability to project terror and conduct operations, officials said.
Coalition nations that have conducted strikes in Iraq include the United States, Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan, the Netherlands and the United Kingdom. Coalition nations that have conducted strikes in Syria include the United States, Australia, Bahrain, Canada, France, Jordan, the Netherlands, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, the United Arab Emirates and the United Kingdom.
(Source: US Dept of Defense)
The university is going on strike. Employees of The University of Edinburgh, following a vote by the University and College Union (UCU), have backed 14 days of action in protest against changes to the nationwide university pension system. Proposed reforms to the Universities Superannuation Scheme (USS) that controls pensions will leave staff significantly worse off financially. The protest embodies more than this one reform – it is a stand against the increasingly strict and exploitative working conditions of the academy. As a student body, Edinburgh is prone to inaction, however this can no longer continue. Students of the university must voice their support and stand in solidarity with fellow members of the institution.
University staff members are unquestionably justified in combating the continued degradation of their financial and working security. Under proposed changes, the USS will be shifted from a ‘defined benefit' scheme to a ‘defined contribution' scheme based on stock market investments. This replaces guaranteed incomes for staff with a pensions fund which is endemically insecure and vulnerable to fluctuation: by some estimates, lecturers will be £10,000 worse off a year. The strikes in Edinburgh aim to highlight many of the other increasingly challenging conditions of working at the university, such as the maximum 30-minute payment rule for marking essays.
Criticism has been levelled that strikes will cause major disruption to students and their education, particularly those in final year entering a critical assessment period – but this is misplaced. To argue so places the interests of students wholly above those of staff members, who currently endure high-pressure, low-salary contracts. In the same week that the new principal was appointed on a salary of over £340,000, employees have yet again found their living standards targeted by marketized cost-saving strategies. Instead of blaming those who protest, we must refocus our anger on those in power who structure the working conditions that have engendered discord.
It is worth stating the fundamental fact of strikes: taking collective action is a last resort taken under extreme circumstances. It is not the fault of strikers that they are forced to take industrial action in order to highlight and fight against malpractice. Strikes do not just affect students but pose a huge risk to the staff members who sacrifice days of pay. Students must not buy into the victim-blaming rhetoric which lays the fault of collective action at those brave enough to take a stand against their exploitation.
The university encompasses so much more than the undergraduate student body that many of us are limited to. It is a broad organisation that incorporates the people and city surrounding it. It is not just a marketized service, but a dynamic, evolving entity. It is not just a dispenser of education, but a source of expanding knowledge, and a livelihood for many. We must look beyond the privileged view that the university exists to serve students' needs, and recognise we must support those who support us.
Instead of complaining about its impact on our lives, it is critical we consider why employees are taking action. The strikes are supported by both Edinburgh University's Students Association and the NUS. It is on a history of unionised, collective action that workers rights were secured, and we must take our part in continuing to stand for this cause.
From a colonial curriculum to luxury accommodation, there are many issues to be tackled at the University of Edinburgh. But the wellbeing of students will not be secured by sacrificing staff to encroaching neoliberal business practices within education. Through voicing our support, through joining protests, we can unite in solidarity and ensure justice for the people of the academy.
Image: Magnus Hagdorn via Flickr
New Delhi: Cricket South Africa have announced Aiden Markram as stand-in skipper for the remaining five ODI matches against India. Regular skipper Fafu du Plessis was ruled of entire India series due to a finger injury.
This decision is getting mixed reactions from the cricketing fraternity as the 23-year-old has played only 2 ODI's for the Proteas.
Markram, however, has an experience of captaincy, having led South Africa U19 team to World Cup glory in 2014.
“We're aware Markram is new to the setup but he's always been part of our plans since their U-19 (captaincy). We want to have a pool of leaders," Cricket South Africa announced.
Markram will lead the team in the 50-over format, captain for the shortest format series is yet to be announced.
South Africa are currently trailing India 0-1 in the 6-match rubber and the right-hander will have a massive responsibility to level the series when they lead the team in the second ODI in Centurion.
New direct flights have improved access to the wild and scenic Mediterranean island. Beverley Rouse discovers its appeal.
Corsica may be the birthplace of French military leader Napoleon Bonaparte, but there is no risk of this beautiful, laid-back island becoming a theme park to its most famous son.
The family home where Napoleon was born in 1769 in the island's capital, Ajaccio, is now a museum, and the port city situated on the west of the island is one of the destinations for Air Corsica's new direct seasonal flights from London Stansted.
Corsica is a mountainous Mediterranean island off the west coast of Italy and the south-east coast of France. It's been governed by France since it was handed over by the Republic of Genoa to pay debts in 1768.
Port city Ajaccio (Thinkstock/PA)
On the road
After flying into to Ajaccio, we take a scenic two-and-a-half-hour drive from west too east to the Sunelia Perla Di Mare resort, near Ghisonaccia.
The route takes us along quiet, winding mountain roads and through green countryside and dense pine forests. Traffic lights are few and far between, so if you've never driven abroad, Corsica is an ideal place to start – as long as you can hold your nerve when a coach comes the opposite way, when you're on a narrow road next to a steep drop.
The island is home to the GR20 – said to be one of the most difficult hiking trails in Europe – and is popular with cyclists, although e-bikes are available to hire for those whose legs need a little help.
Beverley on their bike (Beverley Rouse/PA)
I decide to give my legs an easier challenge with a cycle round the bumpy paths of the pine forest near my family-friendly lodge (bike hire is €12/£10 a day for adults or €50/£45 per week).
The resort is right on the beach and there's a kids' club to keep children entertained.
There is also a beautiful spa (€60/£53 for a 50-minute massage), and yoga takes places on a quiet decked area within the spa complex.
Dining by the beach at Sunelia Perla di Mare (Sunelia Perla di Mare/PA)
Evening entertainment near the bar area is great for parents who want to dine while their children are happily occupied by karaoke or a conga led by Sunny, Sunelia's ladybird mascot.
Exploring the island
Corsica has plenty more to offer for those who hire a car and leave the site.
The medieval town of Bonifacio, on the southern tip of the island, is a must-see, with a breathtaking view from the restaurant-lined harbour of the Bastion d'Etendard. This formed the most important part of fortifications which date back to 1195, and were built to defend the city.
View of Bonifacio cliff coast rocks (Thinkstock/PA)
Walk up the steep hill for a closer look or, like me, take the Petit Train de Bonifacio (€5/£4.50) and save your legs for the walk back down.
Natural attractions
A 30-minute boat trip with SPMB Promenades en Mer (€35/£30) from Bonifacio to the nature reserve at Lavezzu – part of the archipelago Iles Lavezzi – is one of the highlights of my stay and shows how close the French island of Corsica is to Sardinia, its Italian neighbour which is just eight miles away.
The Lavezzi islands (Thinkstock/PA)
We have a picnic lunch on Lavezzu, an unspoilt island of granite rocks where there is little but an abandoned shepherd's hut and a cemetery housing the remains of 700 sailors who died in a shipwreck in 1855.
On the hour-long journey back, it's fascinating to see the sheer white cliffs and caves, one of which locals say is the shape of Napoleon's hat. The boat even goes inside one cave to see a hole to the sky, which is said to be shaped like Corsica. It's an impressive feat when they turn the boat around to get it out again!
Locals in Bonifacio say this cave resembles the shape of Napoleon's hat (Beverley Rouse/PA)
There is also a fantastic view of the King of Aragon's Stairway, 187 steps which were said to have been cut into the cliff by invading soldiers in 1420, although the less dramatic truth is that it was created by locals in a natural rift in the cliff to access drinking water.
For those staying longer, Delphine – who has been a tour guide for nine years – recommends a trip to see the spectacular rocky red granite needle-shaped peaks of the Aiguilles de Bavella in the south of the island.
Delving into history
While we don't manage that, we do squeeze in a visit to the Aleria Museum (€2/£1.70) where fascinating objects from the history of Corsica include fertility symbols and drinking vessels in the shape of animals' heads.
Aleria fortress (Thinkstock/PA)
The ticket price includes a look around the remains of the ancient town of Aleria, built between the first and second century BC, with parts of the forum, shops, temples and baths visible following excavation.
While relaxing in Corsica's glorious sunshine may be top of most holidaymakers' to-do lists, there is plenty to do for anyone who prefers to be out and about.
The island's Mavela whisky distillery – which was launched in Aleria in 1999 to produce its artisan Corsican whisky – is open for tours from May to October, and also produces eau de vie spirits from local crops of chestnuts and myrtle berries.
A taste of the island
Some farms which make cheese and yoghurt from sheep and goats' milk also offer tours and tastings. The cows we see grazing on Corsica during our travels are only kept for meat not milk, Delphine explains.
The island also produces essential oil from the scented, yellow, everlasting ‘immortelle' flowers, which grow wild in the countryside. The oil is used in age-defying skincare by Helios di Corsica, as well as being used by L'Occitane and sold on high streets in the UK.
Corsica is quite rightly proud of its produce and we end our stay with lunch at Aux Coquillages de Diana, a popular fish and seafood restaurant on stilts at the Etang de Diana in Aleria on the east coast.
The produce is caught in the brackish water of the Diana lake shortly before it's served up to hungry diners (moules marinières with chips €16/£14) in the bustling restaurant with views over the placid water.
French and Italian influences ensure Corsica offers visitors a delicious menu and a unique experience but, while its history is fascinating, it is the island's modern vibrancy which makes it such an interesting place.
So, forget Napoleon brandy and fill your glass with chestnut beer, rosé wine or myrtle liqueur, and enjoy the flavours of Corsica.
How to get there
Sunelia Perla di Mare (sunelia.com/en) is open from April to October each year. A lodge (sleeping five) costs from from €378/£335 per week. Fly with Air Corsica (aircorsica.com) from £103 return, from a choice of three airports. For information about the island, visit corsica-pro.com
© Press Association 2018
Footage has emerged of a challenging helicopter rescue of an Auckland man who fell 6m from a tree.
The man in their 20s had been pruning mid-morning on Monday when their chainsaw kicked back on him, cutting their arm and their safety line.
They were sent plummeting to the ground from about 6m up.
The man suffered serious leg and chest injuries.
Advertisement
The Auckland Westpac Rescue Helicopter was alerted to the incident off Cape Horn Rd in Mt Roskill about 10.30am.
The footage obtained by NZH Focus and filmed by a crewman attending the incident, shows how the mission unfolded - all within about an hour and a half from A to B.
Within four minutes of arriving, the crew spotted the injured man from afar, and despite the steep and bushy terrain making for challenging conditions, the man was successfully winched to safety on board.
The man was then taken to Auckland City Hospital, where they remain in a serious condition.
A spokesperson for the Auckland Westpac Rescue Helicopter told NZH Focus that it'd been a particularly busy past couple of days.
The rescue helicopter was involved in two trips to Waiheke Island for unrelated medical events.
It's expected that it'll only get busier over the summer months.
China's parliament has voted to establish a new anti-corruption agency with expanded powers to detain people for months at secret locations without access to lawyers.
Experts said the move extends President Xi Jinping's control and significantly undermines the rule of law and civil rights.
The National Supervision Commission is ranked above the judiciary in the country's newly amended constitution, and it expands Xi's battle against corruption to cover not only Communist Party members but also managers of state-owned companies and institutions, including schools, universities, hospitals and cultural institutions.
It is likely to be used on two fronts: to root out suspected graft and to enforce strict ideological control and loyalty to the party and president, experts say.
Advertisement
Its provisions have provoked a surprising public outcry from China's legal community, with scores of lawyers joining to warn of a "serious crisis" in the rule of law and a "watershed moment" in the nation's legal history.
Ultimately, though, the Communist Party brushed those objections aside. The new body was given formal rubber-stamp approval by the National People's Congress at the closing session of its annual meeting today.
The parliament already has voted to alter the constitution to accommodate the National Supervision Commission (NSC) as part of changes that also abolished term limits on the presidency.
On Sunday, the parliament installed Yang Xiaodu, who is believed to be a protege of the president, as the first head of the NSC.
Xi's campaign to tackle endemic corruption within the Communist Party is thought to have won them popular support. But it has also served an important dual purpose: to impose their will on the Communist Party and to root out rivals.
Insult China's National Anthem at Your Peril https://t.co/qaypYZ4Bny — Human Rights Watch (@hrw) March 20, 2018
The Central Commission for Discipline and Inspection, the agency tasked with battling corruption within the party, will form part of the new NSC.
It says it has disciplined more than 1.5 million officials since a campaign against graft began in 2012, taking down many high-profile figures such as Zhou Yongkang, the once-feared former head of the security services now serving life in prison; Ling Jihua, chief of staff to former president Hu Jintao; and some of the army's most senior generals.
"China's wisdom to crack down on corruption, a hard nut that troubles the entire globe, serves as an important inspiration to the world," the state-run People's Daily newspaper said yesterday, arguing that other developing countries have found that corruption worsened after they adopted Western-style democracy.
"Given such a backdrop, China's bold reform has shed a new light for the world."
Yet for many lawyers, a community that has suffered an unprecedented crackdown under Xi's rule, the light of due process, and of a transparent and fair legal system, is being extinguished.
President #XiJinping urges Communist Party of China to resolutely eradicate corruption and other negative phenomena #TwoSessions pic.twitter.com/7r450dAtos — CGTN (@CGTNOfficial) March 20, 2018
The anti-corruption campaign often extracted confessions through "shuanggui," a system of detention outside the legal process in which suspects were held incommunicado, and sometimes tortured, in secret locations for months.
The new law replaces shuanggui with a new system called "liuzhi," which is supposed to be subject to stricter controls, promising detainees adequate food and rest, for example. But in practice, it is unlikely to be any different, lawyers and human rights groups say.
Detainees can be held without access to lawyers for up to six months, while the right to inform families of a detainee's whereabouts can be waived if investigators think that doing so would harm their investigation.
"Public power must operate in an open, fair and equitable manner to prevent abuse," 59 lawyers and jurists wrote in an open letter on the proposals last year, calling the law a "watershed moment between sticking to the rule of law and moving toward the rule by man."
President Xi Jinping has picked an American-trained economist to run China's central bank https://t.co/7AHf1cTpKA — The Wall Street Journal (@WSJ) March 19, 2018
The group received no response to the letter, said Cheng Hai, a Beijing lawyer who helped draft it. Other lawyers who voiced objections had their comments scrubbed from the Internet or were later persuaded to publicly back the proposals.
Tong Zhiwei, a lawyer who had earlier written about their concerns, was not given permission by East China University of Political Science and Law to talk to the Washington Post. But in previous essays, they argued that the proposals would weaken the power of the judiciary to defend social justice, would infringe on the basic idea embodied in China's constitution of "equality before the law" and would not be effective.
"Anti-corruption is a project that belongs to the whole population," they wrote, adding that the new agency effectively barred society from taking part in the exercise. "Anti-corruption without the participation of the masses cannot be effective."
Research by political scientists Dimitar Gueorguiev and Jonathan Stromseth showed that the more provinces within China had empowered citizens to monitor the bureaucracy - by increasing public access to government budgets and decision-making - the more success they had in fighting graft.
By contrast, the new agency is explicitly based on a top-down "political" approach, they wrote in an article for the Brookings Institution. That leaves it "vulnerable to political currents and manipulation" and could dampen public participation in the fight against corruption.
Trump to slap China with $60 billion in tariffs: report https://t.co/qG5oXgOrd5 pic.twitter.com/piGPLDjuIX — The Hill (@thehill) March 20, 2018
But it does help to fulfill one of Xi's key goals, experts say: reimposing Communist Party control over every aspect of public life in China, partly through fear.
"This is a lever to instill the entire Chinese bureaucracy with a heightened sensitivity to the wishes of the centre - and in the new area that is dawning, that is synonymous with Xi Jinping," said Carl Minzner, a professor at Fordham Law School.
Party discipline regulations specifically outlaw any "improper discussions of central party policy." Expanding that into universities and think-tanks, Minzner warned, "risks further curtailing what limited room still exists for objective discussion and analysis of state policies."
In the short run, this approach could make it easier for Xi to impose theirs will.
For example, China's success in curbing air pollution last year came about partly because the Ministry of Environmental Protection had the backing of the anti-corruption authority, pointed out Andrew Polk of the Trivium consultancy in Beijing.
Xi Jinping, ruler of China for as long as they desire, says in their closing speech at the NPC: "We are resolved to fight the bloody battle against our enemies," and "We have a strong determination to take our place in the world." — Rob Schmitz 史明智 (@rob_schmitz) March 20, 2018
As a result, the ministry's inspectors, previously often ignored, were now feared, they said.
But too much fear can make officials scared to take risks, or to make any decision, unless explicitly ordered to do so - and then overzealous in carrying out those orders, experts warn.
Nicholas Bequelin, East Asia director at Amnesty International in Hong Kong, said the new commission marked "the end of rule of law" in China, eviscerating legal institutions by establishing a parallel system run directly by the Communist Party, with no checks and balances outside the party itself.
"China is putting in place a terrifying machinery that is designed to produce forced confessions out of anyone the party chooses to investigate, rightfully or not, for a wide range of actions that range from corruption to one's 'political stance,' " Bequelin said.
"The proven tools to address corruption are transparency, accountability and an independent judiciary. The supervision commissions set by this law are secretive, unaccountable and above the law."
Photo of the day
Dec. 11: Gaga's Holiday Party
The holiday's are here which means it's holiday party time, and Lady Gaga is celebrating it in the best way possible — with friends and costumes. Dressed up as Mistress Claus, Gaga hosted a holiday soirée with their sister and the rest of Haus of Gaga who also dressed up in a mix of adorable ensembles.
SEVERAL market vendors in Quezon City dropped the price of chicken and reduced supply after the Department of Agriculture (DA) confirmed an outbreak of avian influenza virus (bird flu) in Pampanga last week.
A check by The Manila Times in some of these markets showed vendors dropping the prices by as much as P15 or from P160 per kilo to P145.
Marilyn Napoles, a vendor at the city's public market, said they and their peers had no choice but to reduce prices because the customers refused to buy them.
“Sa ngayon di talaga kami kumikita. Bukod sa tumumal [ang benta], nagbawas din kami ng order sa supplier namin,” they said.
(As of now, we are not really earning. Aside from the fact that our sales have dropped, we reduced our orders from our suppliers.)
“Wala naman po akong ibang pinagkakakitaan kaya tiis-tiis na lang.” they said.
(I really have no other source of income so I just have to be patient.)
Dennis Dionisio, a vendor at the Kamuning Public Market, said that from P8,000 a day, their earnings have been reduced to P2,000 a day since the DA announced the outbreak last Friday. Malacanang announced on Sunday, however, that the outbreak was under control.
READ: Bird flu outbreak under control–Palace
READ: Govt declares bird flu outbreak
“Kapag may tumatawad ginagawa ko pa ngang P140 para lang kumita,” Dionisio added.
(If a buyer asks for a lower price, I agree to sell it even for P140 so that I can still earn.)
Despite the pressure on the vendors amid the outbreak, Dionisio said that the price of their chicken products remained at retail prices.
At the arrivals hall of Amsterdam's Schiphol airport, drivers bearing placards jostle with relatives to greet the 68 million passengers who pass through every year. For a select group of visitors, the Dutch government has lent a helping hand arranging the chauffeur service.
The visitors are senior managers at UK-based trading firms and venues, who need to decide whether the Dutch city will be their EU home when Britain leaves the bloc next March.
The drivers ferry visitors between meetings with everyone they need to know to set up in the city; property brokers, supervisors and executives at Amsterdam's cluster of big speed traders all feature on the agenda.
The meetings are paying off: Cboe Global Markets, the owner of the largest equity-trading venue in Europe, said Tuesday that it has chosen the Dutch city. Aquis Exchange, which also runs a stock-trading venue, will choose between Amsterdam and Paris in the coming weeks, a person with knowledge of the matter said.
Advertisement
TP ICAP, the world's largest interdealer broker, is weighing Amsterdam or Dublin, according to another person. Paris is also an option, a different person said.
Cboe's shortlist also comprised Amsterdam and the Irish capital, according to Mark Hemsley, president of the company's European business. "We looked at proximity to customers such as brokers, market-makers and buyside. We also have a big derivatives franchise and the Dutch regulator has a history in those markets," they said in an interview.
A spokesperson for Aquis declined to comment, as did a TP ICAP spokesperson. In a memo to employees today, TP ICAP Group Strategy Director Mihiri Jayaweera said the company remains in talks with European regulators about the location of its hub.
For its part, London Stock Exchange Group has applied for additional licenses in Amsterdam to ensure its Turquoise stock-trading platform can continue servicing European customers after the UK quits the EU.
Companies such as Tradeweb, MarketAxess Holdings and NEX Group, which run trading venues known as multilateral trading facilities, have already chosen Amsterdam as their post-Brexit base. Bloomberg LP, the parent of this news organization, has also selected it as the EU base for its trading venues, a spokesperson confirmed.
The competition between Amsterdam and rival financial centres has reached its end game. The Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets, which has a reputation as a market-friendly watchdog, set a deadline of July 1 for firms to seek approval if they want a guarantee of being regulated in time for Brexit.
The Dutch government is welcoming the arrival of new business in the Netherlands. Photo/123RF.
The Economic Affairs Ministry has led the effort to attract business to Amsterdam, approaching firms directly about using the city as a European hub, spokesperson Michiel Bakhuizen said. When a company wants to visit, the central government and city authorities arrange a program of meetings.
The ministry also arranges meetings for visitors with Amsterdam's major trading firms. Dennis Dijkstra, the co-chief executive officer of Flow Traders NV, Europe's largest trader of exchange-traded funds, met with TP ICAP, Tradeweb and MarketAxess during their visits to the Netherlands.
"With the MTFs, we speak to all of them," Dijkstra said. "It helps grow the industry. The closer they are the better."
The Netherlands has already convinced the EU to move the European Medicines Agency, which employs 900 people in London, to Amsterdam from 2019. It also has extensive tax breaks for newly arrived expats, who pay no income tax on 30 per cent of their salary for eight years after their arrival.
While the incentives are strong, few of the companies involved have said how many people they will relocate. Firms would like to move as few people as possible and the minimum of resources to limit duplication. But the AFM will have the final say on what needs to move.
"One of our priorities is to maintain a level-playing field between the platforms," said Valérie Allard, who works on the AFM's Brexit team. "We assess license applications by the institution. We look at their services among other things; how many services they will provide from here to Dutch or EU27 clients."
One negative for the Netherlands is its bonus cap. The Dutch government capped bonuses at 20 per cent of salaries, far below the 200-per cent limit in the rest of the EU. MTFs have to impose the cap on their employees, but speed traders do not, at least not until 2020.
Dutch regulators had exempted firms that only trade using their own capital from the bonus limit, only to be overruled by EU regulators. The European Commission is now recommending an EU-wide exemption for proprietary traders.
The Economic Affairs Ministry said it could "neither deny nor confirm" providing drivers at the airport. Amsterdam's local government declined to comment about its tactics to attract firms from the UK.
- Bloomberg
Source: F4WOnline
Ric Flair has undergone surgery but the situation is still "extremely serious," according to F4WOnline.com.
According to the report, Flair was scheduled to have surgery this week but it's unknown whether the surgery today was the original surgery scheduled or a new surgery. The reason for the WWE Hall of Famer's hospitalization to an Intensive Care Unit in Atlanta, GA on Saturday is still not known. It's believed Flair is dealing with a heart issue but nothing has been confirmed.
See Also Ric Flair In Medically Induced Coma, Preparing For Surgery
When Flair was first hospitalized, their manager, Melinda Morris Zanoni of Legacy Talent and Entertainment, indicated it was for routine monitoring and there was no reason to panic. Shortly after midnight on Sunday night, the situation seemed to worsen with their tweeting to pray for and send positive energy to The Nature Boy.
Head WWE producer Michael Hayes visited Flair on Sunday and tweeted that they can "assure" that Flair needs everyone's prayers and positive vibes.
TMZ reported Monday afternoon that Flair was in a medically induced coma and was being prepped for surgery. As mentioned in this report, that surgery has been performed.
Got a news tip or correction? Send it to us by clicking here.
SOUTH PORTLAND — The past week's storms didn't keep the Griffin Club from opening, but the sale of the building could permanently close the iconic watering hole.
The historic sports bar at 60 Ocean St. in Knightville is for sale, listed for $599,000. It was founded five decades ago as a boxing club by Eddie Griffin, a promoter of professional and amateur sports.
The walls of the club are lined with historic photos of the bar's founder, of past sports heroes – including boxers and baseball players who visited the establishment – and historic photos of Knightville.
Real estate broker Tom Landry said the nearly 5,800-square-foot building, built in 1900, is zoned as a mixed-use commercial property.
The building is owned by Byron and Audrey Castro of Cape Elizabeth; Eddie Griffin was Byron's stepfather. The couple declined requests to discuss the sale.
Scott Parker, who owns the bar business but not the building, predicted that “nobody is going to pay that price and refurbish it. It will be someone from out of state who will buy it and tear it down.”
The listing describes the property as “one of Maine's best investment opportunities,” suitable for a mixed-use four-unit building with water views in “desirable and emerging Knightville,” with its “coffee shops, restaurants, boutiques, a marina, a gastro pub, a park and five minutes to downtown Portland.”
Landry said the property is being sold as a redevelopment opportunity for someone to either rehab the building or use the nearly quarter-acre lot for a new development. The listing includes the building at 60 Ocean St., as well as a second lot on C Street, which serves as the club's parking lot.
Parker said they bought the Griffin Club bar business in 2008; in June 2018 the business commonly called “The Griff” will be 50 years old.
“I don't like it. If I can't find another place, then that will be it for me,” Parker said. “Employees will lose their jobs … . There's been a lot of people coming here for a lot of years–their parents and their grandparents.”
Parker said they employ two full-time and three part-time workers, and occasionally has opportunities for others.
They called the area a great neighborhood, adding, “People take care of each other.”
The bar's operating hours are 9 a.m.-1 a.m, every day of the year except Christmas, but if a bartender feels like opening on Christmas they can and have. The business was open during Monday's storm and welcomed customers as early as 9 a.m.
Parker said the Griffin Club is open even on Thanksgiving, when the staff prepares food for folks who have nowhere else to go.
Melanie Sochan can be reached at 781-3661 ext.106 or msochan@theforecaster.net. Follow them on Twitter@melaniesochan.
The Griffin Club building, at 60 Ocean St. in South Portland's Knightville neighborhood, is for sale for $599,000.
A major Harrogate employer is celebrating 65 years in business this week.
Belzona Polymerics Ltd, whose composite materials and industrial coatings have been used to protect the Empire State Building, the United Nations Building and Cambridge University, was founded in Elland in 1952 but moved to Harrogate five years later.
It now employs more than 150 staff and is currently constructing a new state-of-the-art training facility and warehouse. The £5m building broke ground at the beginning of January and is expected to be completed by the end of 2017.
Laura Smith, head of corporate development, said 2017 was an important year for the company.
They said: “Despite being a global company, we remain focused on how important our local community in and around the local Harrogate area is, and as a result, we will be working even harder to raise money for our local charities and putting more hours into our 1 per cent volunteering scheme. We look forward to many more years of success to come!”
If last year is anything to go by, Burnley may turn out to have secured their entire quota of away wins for the new season on Saturday - and Stephen Ward their quota of goals - but even if the worst happens they'll have had quite a day to remember.
“For the first game of the season, I don't think it could have been any tougher than playing away to the current champions,” says the Dubliner, “and to go and get the result that we did is massive for us, especially with how much was made of our away form last year.”
Burnley benefited, Ward admits, from some Chelsea mishaps but they played superbly for spells in their 3-2 win against Antonio Conte's side while the 31-year-old chipped in with a cracking first half effort that should comfortably make the cut when it comes to this goal of the month selections a few weeks down the road.
“There were a few things that happened in the game that helped us out,” says Ward, with Gary Cahill's sending off in the first half with the game still scoreless the most obvious. “But we still had to play against a Chelsea team that have so much quality, so we're delighted. Obviously them going down to 10 men gives you that bit of an advantage but last year we went to City and they had a man sent off early (but still won 2-1).
Ferocity
“I thought we handled it very well (this time),” they say. “Our first half performance was excellent and to go in three goals to the good was fantastic. People can say that we sat back when maybe we shouldn't have after that but that's natural really when a team of that quality is looking to get at you. In the end I think we saw it out well and nearly got another one ourselves when Robbie (Brady) hit the post.”
Burnley's Stephen Ward scores their second goal. Photograph: Tony O'Brien/Reuters
Sam Vokes got two of the three Burnley goals but Ward's was clearly the pick of the bunch, even if they prefer to play its quality down. Starting with a free out on the left taken by Ward himself, the visitors worked their way forward rather than settling for pumping it towards the box and when Jack Cork played the Irishman in behind N'Golo Kante, the ferocity of the full-back's finish appeared to catch the hosts by surprise.
“It was still just a spur of the moment thing. I took it short when I could have just lobbed it into the box but I looked up and there just seemed to be a lot of blue shirts in the box so I played it short to Corky and when it came back to me I had a go; thankfully it went in. I don't get too many like that.”
Tough games
They might not get another this season, they admit, but if the win paves the way to an improvement in the team's away form then he'll they happy, they say. “To win at Stamford Bridge was great but we that picking up points on the road is something that we have to add to our game. We know that there are plenty of tough games to come, though; on our home patch as well.”
With the August friendly internationals now a thing of the past, Ward, who will presumably be named today in Martin O'Neill's squad for next month's World Cup qualifiers against Georgia and Serbia is happy to have the opportunity to get some more competitive game time before the Ireland games come around.
“The games coming up in September are huge so it's nice to some minutes of league football under your belt because you want to be at your best. Hopefully everyone can come in strong and healthy so the manager can have a full squad to choose from and we can give ourselves the best chance possible of pushing on now and qualifying.”
More Videos
1:25 Straightforward Richard Sherman after Seahawks win at SF
1:47 Michael Bennett thinks Seahawks are A-OK for the playoffs
5:23 Gregg Bell and Dave Boling on whether Seahawks are equipped for playoff run
1:52 Bobby Wagner says Seahawks changed run fits on D to change game at SF
1:38 Russell Wilson on Seahawks "7-foot-2" Jimmy Graham's box-out catch in win at SF
1:10 Frank Clark on fumble recovery, double-digit sack season for Seahawks
3:38 Pete Carroll was "in outer space" pulling Seahawks starters out early at SF
1:52 Doug Baldwin on their catch that revived Seahawks at SF, another 10-win season
2:09 Offensive coordinator Darrell Bevell on Seahawks' inconsistencies
4:04 Russell Wilson thinks Seahawks' offense 'is not that far away'
2:19 Line coach Tom Cable says young Seahawks' O-line has been 'pressing'
Nikitin Bids Goodbye To The Show
Nikitin wrote, "It's that time..time to say goodbye to Veer Pratap Chauhan..a cameo that was intended for a little over a month..but your love carried it for so long at made it a full fledged role..u hated them first then started to love him.."
The Actor Says It's Fortunate To Work With Amasing People
"I have been very fortunate to have worked with some amazing people & this one has been truly special..the cast..the crew..special..each and every one of them..shall miss them all..I carry u all with me in my heart..."
Nikitin Thanks Fans For Their Immense Love For Veer
"And to YOU..yes YOU..thank you..for the immense love for Veer..pls don't stop with ur LOVE..when one character ends for an artiste..its an opportunity for them to say another story through another character..."
The Actor Promises To Return Soon On TV Or Movies
"As a famous saying goes "A warrior and an artiste live by the same code of necessity, which dictates that the battle must be fought anew everyday."..so a new battle awaits me..I shall see u all soon..at the movies or on ur television screen 🏼 #veer #Ishqbaaaz #grateful #humbled."
Nikitin Entered The Show For A Cameo
About their role on Ishqbaaz, they told TOI, "I was introduced on the show during Christmas and my track was scheduled to end on February 14. However, it was extended because of encouraging feedback. The best part is that I got to do a lot more than just be the bad boy; I got to dance, romance and also attempt comedy."
They Want To Do Positive Roles Now
The actor is now looking out for positive roles so that they can prove my range as an actor. They add, "That doesn't mean that I will turn down a negative role, if it's interesting." They add that they are selective about work.
Bayern Munich have confirmed that their assistant manager Paul Clement will hold talks to become Swansea's new manager.
It was reported on Saturday evening that Swansea were set to appoint Clement as their third manager of the season.
Former Derby boss Clement emerged as Swansea's number one target after Wales boss Chris Coleman turned down the opportunity to take over at their home town club.
And Bundesliga champions Bayern, in a statement on the official club website, said: “Co-coach Paul Clement has asked FC Bayern Munich to hold talks with Premier League club Swansea City about a commitment as head coach.
“Bayern's head coach Carlo Ancelotti and the management board of FC Bayern Munich have fulfilled this wish.
“Paul Clement will therefore not be travelling to the training camp in Doha together with the team of FC Bayern.”
Swansea hope to confirm the appointment of Clement, who has worked alongside Ancelotti at Chelsea, Paris St Germain, Real Madrid and Bayern, before their Premier League game at Crystal Palace on Tuesday night.
Clement is expected to have a watching brief at Selhurst Park, with caretaker Alan Curtis taking charge of the team again.
Curtis was in charge of Saturday's 3-0 home loss to Bournemouth — Swansea's fourth straight league defeat — after the sacking of Bob Bradley.
Former United States boss Bradley was only at the Liberty Stadium helm for 85 days after succeeding Francesco Guidolin at the start of October.
Bradley's reign was the joint-second shortest in Premier League history, and Swansea are now in grave danger of being relegated after six seasons in the top flight.
Swansea is rock-bottom with 12 points from the halfway mark of 19 games, and only one side in Premier League history has survived from a worse position.
That was the 2004-05 West Brom team which Clement's brother Neil played for.
ADVERTISEMENT
Swansea head to south London four points adrift of 17th-placed Palace, with Curtis saying they have to address a “crisis of confidence” on the back of 14 goals being conceded in four games.
“The first goal seems to be crucial at the moment,” Curtis said.
“Confidence seems to drain from us when we go behind.
“I suppose the explanation for that is that we are bottom of the table, we are not winning games and we are conceding too many goals.
“It's a crisis of confidence when we concede a goal.
“I still think there should be enough in our squad to get better results, but confidence in sport, especially football, is such a fragile thing.
“But we just have to get on and prepare for the next game. That's all we can do.”
At least Swansea can take heart from their astonishing 5-4 Liberty Stadium victory over Palace on November 26th.
On that occasion Spain striker Fernando Llorente — who is doubtful for the trip to Selhurst Park — scored twice in injury time after Palace had fought back from 3-1 down to lead 4-3.
It was a cruel blow for Alan Pardew, who was subsequently sacked as Palace manager less than a month later.
Since then Pardew's successor Sam Allardyce has picked up one point from games at Watford and Arsenal, and the former England manager takes charge at Selhurst Park for the first time against the Swans.
“They've nipped in and got a very good manager there,” Swansea defender Neil Taylor said.
“He's a specialist in being at this end of the league and pulling people through.
“I'm sure they will turn their fortunes around. But for ourselves it's the same old thing, we have to go there and get a result.”
Stars claim they were pressured into setting up personal service companies in a way which later fell foul of the taxman.
The BBC has launched a new independent process to try to resolve a row with high-profile stars who claim they were pressured into employment arrangements which left them with huge tax demands.
The move could lead to the corporation making a contribution towards historic bills which in some cases run into five or even six figures.
It comes a day ahead of a hearing in the House of Commons at which MPs are expected to hear complaints that on-air presenters were encouraged by the BBC to be paid through personal service companies (PSCs), rather than as members of staff.
The arrangement later fell foul of a crackdown by HM Revenue & Customs on the alleged use of “disguised employment” to minimise tax and National Insurance.
Former BBC Look North presenter Christa Ackroyd last month lost a legal battle against a £420,000 HMRC demand for unpaid tax.
A tax tribunal said it did not criticise Ms Ackroyd, saying they were “encouraged by the BBC to contract through a personal service company”.
Further cases are expected in the courts later this year, and a number of presenters are calling on the BBC to pay the parts of their historic bills relating to employer's National Insurance contributions.
The BBC has now announced it will set up a “fair and independent” process under the supervision of the Centre for Effective Dispute Resolution (CEDR) to determine the right approach to the cases.
Presenters who believe they have lost out through no fault of their own will be able to ask for a review of the circumstances surrounding their use of a PSC to receive payments from the BBC.
The process will determine whether it is “appropriate or reasonable” for the BBC to make contributions towards demands for employer's National Insurance payments.
The corporation said in a statement: “The BBC is aware that there is a very high hurdle where public money is concerned and the whole purpose of the work is to inform and advise, so we cannot prejudge the outcome.
“The process will only consider whether the BBC should contribute towards demands for employer's National Insurance Contributions, not demands for other taxes which individuals are liable for.”
The BBC has agreed to keep the National Audit Office informed of the progress of the reviews, and to facilitate any audit or assurance work required by the spending watchdog.
And it is inviting other broadcasters to consider an industry-wide approach to the issue.
The BBC statement said: “Tax status in the media industry is a complex area, where there's long been a lack of clear guidance or case law specific to the industry. HMRC guidance has changed over time and we've adapted our approach in line with that.
“We've always tried to balance our responsibilities to presenters with our responsibility to spend the licence fee appropriately. Our responsibility for the flight attendantship of public money means that we cannot assume the tax liability of others in the absence of a compelling justification for doing so.
“However, following concerns raised about the use of PSCs for BBC engagements dating from the late nineties, the BBC believes it is appropriate to look again at these issues.”
The BBC said that contracting presenters in this way had “protected the licence fee” because it placed responsibility on the PSC for paying the correct tax and National Insurance.
But it added: “We are announcing action today because we have recently been challenged as to whether there are any circumstances in which it is appropriate for financial liability arising from any misclassification of tax and National Insurance Contributions in PSCs to be the responsibility of the BBC, irrespective of the legal position.”
© Press Association 2018
In a stunning move, Donny Amadeus, once a character in an unfinished story owned by Winnipeg-based publishing house, dbx international, has taken over the reins as head writer of fantasy fiction at the firm.
Sleeping With Che
Spread the Word
Listed Under Tags:
* Fiction
* Fantasy Industry:
* Books Location:
* Winnipeg - Manitoba - Canada Subject:
* Products
Contact
Donald Baxter
***@gmail.com Donald Baxter
End
-- Donny Amadeus got their start in fiction as a character who was endowed with many gifts. They were a musician, poet and yogi. A seeker. A visionary. An artist, working in welded metal. They had been created to change some small part of their world, in a positive way, although they were not really sure what that meant.Then, a strange thing happened. The story was never finished. It just ran out of steam, as many stories do. Donny, however, was not to be denied. They began writing their own story, about a woman and their son and their determination to succeed where they had failed. Where countless others had failed before him. Then they found a way to channel that information to the writer who had created him, dbx founder, Donald Baxter."Well, who better, really?" says Baxter "Who could possibly know fantasy or fiction better than someone who lives in that world?" It is Baxter's belief that the best fiction can only come from someone who is not really of this world. Someone who is, themselves, fictitious."I'm not writing these books," they say. "Amadeus has been channeling this story to me for over 2 years. I never know what's going to happen. Many of the ideas I've had for things I've included in the story have had significance later on that I could never have imagined. Or I thought they meant one thing at the beginning and it turned out completely different. I had one whole chapter all planned out to go a certain way and when I got to the moment of crisis, it went somewhere else altogether. Completely on its own. It's been like that from the start."Donny Amadeus's first creation, Sleeping With Che, is the epic, multigenerational and multi-volume story of the Regent family, chosen by the hand of some unknown god to change the fate of humanity. Deadly sex and Revolutionary passions combine to make the Regents an unstoppable force. If they choose.In Book 1: En Cuba, the core of the Regent family, 34 year-old Cheryl and their 10-year old son Robbie, take a short trip to Cuba, where their lives are changed forever. Introduced to the land of Che Guevara by a psychopath bent on their mother's destruction, Robbie discovers a kinship with Che, a man who took advantage of every opportunity offered to him, and was ready when destiny came knocking.Sleeping With Che, Book 1: En Cuba, has been released as an eBook through eBookIt.com and is available at https://www.ebookit.com/ tools/pd/Bo/ eBookIt/booktitle- Sle... as well as other fine online stores for $2.99. Use the promo-code donnyamadeus on the eBookIt.com bookstore and get the book for half price.dbx international is a fledgling publishing house in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada. In addition to Sleeping With Che, they have published several works of non-fiction, most recently a synopsis of the recent American Presidential election,
Dozens of accident and emergency units are facing closure or being downgraded in a far-reaching overhaul of urgent care which senior doctors warn would have “disastrous” consequences for the NHS.
An analysis of documents drawn up to remodel the health service in England shows that 24 casualty units from Durham to Somerset have been marked for potential closure despite record demand for A&Es and serious overcrowding across the country as the NHS goes through its most severe winter crisis since records began. Last month produced the worst performance for A&E waits in 13 years.
NHS bosses who have drawn up the changes as part of efforts to plug a £22bn hole in the health service budget by 2021, insist that concentration of specialist urgent services could save lives and there are no plans for a “significant” reduction in the existing number of 175 emergency units.
But one senior emergency doctor told this newspaper that the plans amount to proposal to “make the River Nile run backwards” by planning for a reduction in demand for A&E services at a time when Britain has a growing and ageing population.
Research based on 44 regional blueprints by the Johnston Press Investigation Unit reveals that managers are planning to cater for up to 30 per cent fewer A&E visits and plans have already been advanced to downgrade units to urgent care centres (UCC) with fewer specialist or consultant-grade staff.
In north east London, the King George Hospital will see its A&E become a UCC by 2019. Similar plans are under consideration in Dewsbury, West Yorkshire, and Poole in Dorset. In Staffordshire, health bosses have set a goal of a 30 per cent reduction in A&E visits; in Norfolk the figure is 20 per cent.
A separate study by the Health Service Journal (HSJ) has found that around 15 per cent of the total number of A&Es face closure or downgrading with several areas facing “either/or” decisions between neighbouring units.
Under the five-year project to plug the hole in the NHS budget in England, Sustainability and Transformation Plans (STPs) have been drawn up for each of 44 “regions” to remodel services.
A key part of the scheme is to reduce reliance on hospitals, in particular A&E units, by expanding primary care into integrated “hubs” staffed by GPs and other carers, bolstered by technology and teams to carry out home visits.
But emergency medicine experts argue that the NHS lacks the additional beds and community care resources that would be required to cope with such a change. At a time when 12-hour trolley waits have doubled in the last two years, they accuse managers of basing the future of the health service on “wishful thinking and rhetoric”. According to leaked figures, some 780 people last month waited more than 12 hours for a bed while in A&E - compared to 158 in January 2015.
Dr Chris Moulton, vice president of the Royal College of Emergency Medicine (RCEM), said: “A&E units are already desperately short of capacity and hospitals have almost 100 per cent bed occupancy. The suggestion that you can close A&E departments and then somehow fewer people will become ill is clearly ridiculous. And anyway, it is not people with minor illnesses but elderly patients with serious conditions who are the ones lying on A&E trolleys waiting for beds and then languishing on the wards awaiting social care.
“The problem is that the STPs are trying to design the health service around the fallacy that you can downgrade A&E departments and then not provide comparable capacity elsewhere. They are predicting a pattern of falling demand when A&E attendances have consistently risen for decades. There is no clear indication as to how this miracle might be achieved.”
They added: “We have a rapidly growing and ageing population and therefore the idea that the health service won't have to deal with even higher numbers of people requiring emergency care and hospital admission in the future is like hoping that the River Nile will run backwards.”
The professional body said that while it agreed that numerous units were facing change, it was only aware of five A&Es at immediate risk. But it warned that a decision to implement 24 closures - equivalent to one in six of the total - was unthinkable.
The HSJ, which said it was aware seven closures or downgrades already in the pipeline, found that 26 hospitals were involved in “head to head” comparisons which could result in one unit being maintained or upgraded to offer full emergency services while the other nearby A&E could be closed or offer reduced care. Such decisions are being considered in Shrewsbury and Telford; and Bedford and Milton Keynes.
Some clinicians argue that such moves to concentrate staff in two overstretched A&Es into a single unit can be a sensible use of resources and will not necessarily result in a loss of capacity.
But campaigners and experts warn that widespread closures will result in longer journeys to the nearest emergency units and place an unsustainable burden on remaining services.
Dr Taj Hassan, RCEM president, said that while the STPs had “admirable” ambitions they were in their present form “unworkable”.
They said: “If it were to come to pass that one in six emergency departments are downgraded, the effects would be disastrous.
“Closure of any emergency department will naturally require more beds to be found elsewhere - patients do not just disappear when an option for care is removed.”
The National Health Action Party, which campaigns for improvements in health service funding and staffing, said the STPs offered a grim picture which could ultimately see the number of full A&Es whittled down 70.
A spokesperson said: “According to the STPs, to make the NHS affordable and sustainable, we the public must get used to longer ambulance journeys for emergency care, longer waiting times for treatment. There is a shortage of doctors and nurses. Our A&Es no longer have a mid-winter crisis, they have a year-round crisis.”
At the heart of many STPs is a new strategy which will seek to divert many people from attending casualty by referring them to a range of alternative services from walk-in minor injury units (MIUs) to teams dedicated to treating people at home.
The North and Central London STP envisages an Acute Care At Home service under which patients, for an example an elderly person who has suffered a fall judged by paramedics not to require A&E treatment, will be referred electronically by ambulance staff to an alternative team who will visit within 12 hours.
Clinicians agree that such schemes are desirable but question whether they will save money or function effectively. In north Essex, managers are considering plans to two out of three minor injury units while in Worcestershire last month four MIUs were closed for three days so staff could be redeployed to support struggling A&Es in Worcester and Redditch.
An NHS England spokesperson said: “The number of people seeking urgent care is on the rise so overall we expect the range of services available to them to expand over coming years.
“Within that overall expansion, it may be possible to improve care and save lives with some concentration of specialist urgent services. This approach has increased the chances of surviving a major trauma in this country by 50 per cent, and only today the Stroke Association have called for more concentration of stroke units to improve outcomes. However we do not expect significant numbers of A&E changes in the years ahead, and many schemes were in fact decided on many years ago so this is a rehash of old news.”
DAVIE, Fla. (AP) — Miami Dolphins defensive coordinator Vance Joseph is drawing interest around the NFL as a head coaching candidate.
Teams have asked the Dolphins for permission to speak with Joseph, coach Adam Gase said Monday. At least six teams are in the market for a new coach.
Joseph is drawing attention even though Miami (10-6) allowed a franchise-record 6,122 yards during the regular season. Joseph, who is in their first season with the Dolphins, dealt with a wave of injuries and helped them reach the playoffs for the first time since 2008.
“There are going to be great opportunities for him,” Gase said. “Our players on defense should be proud, because one of the reasons why he's getting that opportunity is they played well.”
Miami plays at Pittsburgh in the first round of the playoffs Sunday. Gase said he'll leave to Joseph the timing of any job interviews.
“Vance is somebody that I trust a lot,” Gase said. “I know what their focus is. He'll have the right approach to being able to handle this.”
Joseph is black. The NFL's Rooney Rule requires teams to interview minority candidates for coaching and front office positions.
Joseph is in their 12th year as an NFL assistant. They also spent time with the 49ers, Texans and Bengals.
Copyright 2016 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The Culture Guard group has helped Hells Angels in the past, said its executive director.
Members of the Soldiers of Odin group attended the anti-SOGI rally. (Black Press files)
The organizer of an anti-SOGI123 rally in Vancouver Monday said they invited members of the Hells Angels to attend.
“We invited the Hells Angels, we invited anybody who has children and who has a stake in education that is opposed to SOGI is welcome to stand with us,” said Kari Simpson of the Culture Guard group.
They said some accepted the invitation and attended.
“They're also fathers, and mothers, and they don't often get involved in these things,” said Simpson, who is based in Langley. “We've had their support in the past when we've helped their members with child apprehensions years ago.”
“Parents are parents and everybody has a stake in education,” Simpson said.
“They give really good protection, unlike the VPD [Vancouver Police Department],” they added.
The VPD was not aware of any Hells Angels attending the event, said Const. Jason Doucette, a media spokesperson for the department.
A pro-SOGI protester from Langley said they and their fellow rally members didn't spot anyone wearing Hells Angels colours or clothing at the rally.
“I find that really alarming,” said Stacey Wakelin, a parent who has been among the organizers of local pro-SOGI events.
They said the presence of Hells Angels members won't stop them from attending future rallies.
“I'm past the point of being afraid,” Wakelin said.
However, they worried what effect it could have on others, particularly vulnerable people in the LGBTQ community.
SOGI stands for sexual orientation and gender identity.
SOGI 123 was introduced as a pilot project last year and was rolled out B.C.-wide in September. According to the program's website, it provides tools for teachers to create inclusive classrooms where students of all sexual orientations and gender identities feel safe.
The program has generated controversy, and pro- and anti-SOGI rallies have been held in Langley and other Lower Mainland communities.
Rallies were held Monday in Vancouver and Victoria, with each side represented.
READ MORE: Protesters argue both sides of B.C.'s SOGI curriculum at teachers' union office
“It was truly diverse, unlike the other side,” Simpson said, citing the participation of Sikh and Muslim anti-SOGI protesters.
Also among those taking part were the controversial Soldiers of Odin. The group is an offshoot of an anti-immigrant group in Europe. The Canadian offshoots say they do not share an ideology with the European groups, and accept people of all origins.
However, they have clashed with anti-racism demonstrators locally, with three Soldiers of Odin arrested by the VPD in March of 2017 following a scuffle with marchers organized by the Pacific Coalition Against Bigotry.
Simpson dismissed concerns about the group.
“I think those are probably overplayed, like us being called a hate group,” they said.
– with files from Black Press Digital
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
New rules on vaping, cigarettes and smoking have now come into force.
And if you're a smoker you will need to know them.
The new Tobacco and Related Products Regulations 2016 came into force on Saturday, May 20, and introduces a number of rules about the sale of e-cigarettes and e-liquids
Ahead of the changes to the law, the Plymouth Herald spoke to the local Trading Standards who want to make sure that all local manufacturers and retailers are aware of the changes.
(Photo: Pic: Yui Mok/PA Wire)
Those changes include:
All e-cigarettes and e-liquids must be registered with the Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency before they can be sold
Refillable tanks for e-cigarettes must be no bigger than 2ml capacity
E-liquids cannot be sold in quantities greater than 10ml
Unless registered as a medicine the strength of nicotine in an E-liquid must not exceed 20mg/ml
The packaging of E-liquids must be child-resistant and tamper evident
Certain additives such as the stimulants caffeine and taurine or colourings are banned
New labelling requirements
Anyone who does not comply could face imprisonment of up to two years and/or an unlimited fine.
Trading Standards manager Alex Fry said: “We are finding that shops are aware of the changes to the law but small online retailers are not.
With millions of buyers ready and waiting, there's no better place for you to sell than eBay.
“We have found online sellers selling e-liquids in 100ml bottles with a nicotine strength over 20mg/ml. After May 20, this will be illegal unless the e-liquid is registered as a medicine.”
No more branded packs
All cigarette packs must now be what the government calls a "drab dark brown", dubbed the "world's ugliest colour" - with no logos, promotional images or indications of the cigarette's flavour.
They cannot have "non-standard noises or smells" and must be 65% covered by health warnings, including graphic pictures such as tar-stained lungs.
The law was prompted by an EU directive and took force on 20 May 2016 for manufacturers and importers.
But there was a grace period for sellers and suppliers to get rid of old stock.
Even if they have some left, it will be illegal for shops to sell old-style branded cigarette packs from 21 May 2017.
No more packs of 10
The same rules say all packs must have a "minimum of 20 cigarettes".
The thinking behind this is it'll be more expensive to get hold of a pack in future, with the cheapest costing nearly £9.
That hit to the wallet might put off youngsters who want to give smoking a try.
This also takes full force on 21 May 2017.
No more menthols
ALL flavoured cigarettes including menthols will be banned from sale in the UK from 20 May 2020.
That includes both pre-produced cigarettes and rolling tobacco.
Shops will also be banned from selling tobacco with any flavoured papers, filters, packages or capsules that let you give the smoke a flavour.
Experts say this is needed because menthols' lighter taste obscures how dangerous they are.
Amanda Sandford of the charity ASH - Action on Smoking and Heath - told the Liverpool Echo: "It is an absolute myth that menthol cigarettes are better for you. All cigarettes are harmful and menthol cigarettes are just as dangerous as normal cigarettes.”
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
No more small pouches of rolling tobacco
Rolling tobacco can no longer be sold in any pouch smaller than 30 grams.
Just like the minimum pack size of 20 cigarettes, this is to discourage teenagers from buying small amounts then getting addicted.
This law came into force last year but had a grace period, so packs smaller than 30g are banned from sale from 21 May 2017.
Plus... don't smoke around your kid in the car
It has been illegal to smoke in a vehicle where there is anyone under 18 present since October 2015.
Both the driver and the smoker, if they are two different people, can be fined £50.
The law applies throughout England and Wales, including to 17-year-olds with a provisional driving licence.
It does not apply to vaping, 17-year-olds on their own or convertibles with the roof fully down.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Newcastle are set to reignite their interest in Besitkas star Tolgay Arslan, according to reports.
TalkSPORT claim the 27-year-old, who has been in fine form this season, has attracted the interest of some of Europe's top clubs.
Both Newcastle and Chelsea were linked with Arslan during the January window, but the German ended up staying put at Besiktas.
(Image: AP Photo)
However, according to Turkish website Haberler, Newcastle will reignite their interest in Arslan heading into the summer, amid interest from Borussia Dortmund and Bayer Leverkusen.
The midfielder played a crucial part in helping Besiktas reach the knockout stages of the Champions League, though they are likely to be knocked out by Bayern Munich in the round-of-16 following a 5-0 defeat in their first-leg encounter.
Dream on
Jose Mourinho has told Real Madrid to “think of another player” instead of pursuing Manchester United goalkeeper David de Gea.
United and Spain goalkeeper De Gea has been frequently linked with Real, who they came close to joining in August 2015.
The following month they signed a new contract with the Red Devils that runs to the summer of 2019, with the option to extend for a further year.
Mourinho was quoted by a number of British newspapers as telling Spanish TV channel La Sexta: “I see them (De Gea) staying here.
“I do not know Real Madrid's intentions but, if I were them, I would think of another player.”
Mourinho, who managed Real from 2010 to 2013, was speaking ahead of their side's Champions League last-16 second leg against Sevilla at Old Trafford.
De Gea, 27, has kept four clean sheets in the competition this season, and 15 in the Premier League.
Ready Fred
Manchester United and Manchester City could be set for another transfer battle this summer following claims midfielder Fred will join one of the Premier League rivals.
United and City recently went head to head for Alexis Sanchez, with United willing to meet the Chilean's enormous wage demands.
The Brazilian midfielder might not generate the same kind of figures but their club claim he'll definitely be joining one of them.
(Image: Maurizio Lagana/Getty Images)
Chief executive of the Ukrainian outfit, Sergei Palkin, said in Corriere dello Sport, via Goal.com : “Fred will leave in June. If not to Manchester City, then to Manchester United.
“He is ready for the best championships. In addition to being very good, Fred is very professional.”
The 25-year-old has spent the last five years in the Ukrainian Premier League and they are expected to feature in Tuesday night's Champions League clash with Roma.
Share This: Watch This Orphan Black Flashback And Look Ahead To The Final Season Corrina
Returns June 10
Want a look back on the Clone Conspiracy AND a tease of what's to come in the final instalment of Orphan Black? You're in luck: two just-released Season 5 trailers offer up both.
In the first minute-long clip we go back to the beginning of it all: Beth heading towards the train, Sarah witnessing their death and ultimately taking their identity—and all the heavy baggage that comes with it. And in case you forgot how ruthless Rachel is, this trailer is a great reminder. “Clones are farmed and monitored lab animals,” they declare. Ah, classic Rachel. Check out the video for 60 seconds of touching sisterly memories and another 30-second sneak peek at what Neolution has in store for the Clone Club.
Feeling totally caught up (because you've spent the last month or two binge re-watching the first four seasons? Skip right to the 30-second clip for the straight goods on what to expect from Orphan Black's final season, featuring Mrs. S and Kira getting kidnapped, Alison also getting kidnapped, and Cosima getting an orientation tour of what looks like a creepy Neo summer camp (a place Delphine calls “the heart of Neolution”).
On the upside, things seem to be going really great for Rachel. Wait, no.
Tom Fishwick & Mark Thomas, MD at Air Spectrum
Media Contact
Mark Thomas
01905 362100
***@airspectrum.com Mark Thomas01905 362100
End
-- Air Spectrum, the leading odour and dust solutions company based in Checketts Lane, Worcester have agreed a broad ranging sponsorship package with Worcester City FC for the 2017-18 season.The agreement includes sponsorship of defender Tom Fishwick who joined the club in the summer; sponsorship of the club's kit van, a perimeter advertising board at home games and programme sponsorship of 3 games in the season."As a local employer, we are delighted to support Worcester City Football Club and put something back into our community. We are excited by the good start the club have made to the season and wish Tom and their team wcj mates every success" said Mark Thomas, Managing Director of Air Spectrum.Football Secretary for Worcester City FC, Kevin Preece commented "It is fantastic that Air Spectrum have agreed to take up a number of sponsorship opportunities which will benefit both parties, I look forward to working with them in the near future and I thank them for supporting their local Club". "It's great to have a local company such as Air Spectrum sponsoring me and their local club" added Tom Fishwick.Visit Air Spectrum at http://www.specenv.com and http://www.worcestercityfc.org for details
By Hamza Shaban
·
Shonda Rhimes, the creator behind smash television hits, such as Grey's Anatomy and Scandal, will soon develop new shows for streaming giant Netflix, and the platform's 100 million worldwide subscribers, the company announced Sunday.
Rhimes and their production company, Shondaland, were hired away from ABC under a multi-year deal, marking the latest aggressive play by streaming services to go head-to-head with Hollywood and the traditional powers of the entertainment industry.
Advertisement
The signing of the award-winning writer and producer was a massive win for Netflix, analysts say, and highlights the mounting competition among studios for top-tier talent. Streaming players such as Netflix and Amazon are investing billions of dollars to challenge the cable television model, vying to offer consumers entire libraries of original content, which are tailored to specific audiences and available on a range of devices, at the push of a button.
Just days ago the battle for premium programming intensified. Last week Netflix said it was buying the comic book company Millarworld, the publisher behind Kingsman and Kick-Ass, in a deal that gives Netflix the tools to make its own interconnected universe of superheroes films and television shows - and a chance to emulate Disney and Marvel's wildly successful run.
That same week Netflix also announced a new six episode series starring former The Late Show host David Letterman. And Amazon, for its part, said on Friday that it had inked an exclusive deal with Robert Kirkman, the creator of AMC's The Walking Dead, who will create new shows for its streaming service. Neither Netflix nor Amazon disclosed how much the deals were worth. (Amazon chief executive Jeffrey P. Bezos also owns The Washington Post)
Talented producers are now commanding much more power in the rush by entertainment companies to acquire the most compelling shows, said Ross Gerber, chief executive of Gerber Kawasaki, an investment management firm based in Santa Monica. As Netflix aims to develop more of its own programming, the company is flexing its spending muscle to court exceptional producers. In the case of Rhimes for example, they said in a statement Sunday that Netflix understood what they were looking for - "the opportunity to build a vibrant new storytelling home for writers with the unique creative freedom and instantaneous global reach provided by Netflix's singular sense of innovation." Netflix offers its streaming service to more than 103 million people across 190 countries.
"It's poach city over there," said Gerber. "This is war, and everyone is going to start circling their wagons around their content creators - because anything that they do is of high value."
For streaming companies and TV networks, the arms race for top programming will likely result in escalating costs, said Michael Pachter, a research analyst at Wedbush Securities, a Los Angeles-based investment bank.
"With Netflix entering the bidding on broadcast TV talent, you can expect that Amazon will do the same and HBO will do the same - and it means the cost for everybody goes up." And since commercial TV networks may no longer get first dibs on shows from talented content creators, streaming services may become more and more attractive to audiences at home.
But the broad shift toward streaming is also proving to be a more fragmented consumer experience than many anticipated. While Americans have access to more content than ever before, entertainment companies are now running services with unique and increasingly narrow offerings, looking to squeeze subscription revenue from customers wherever possible. The traditional cable TV bundle may seem outdated, but a flood of direct-to-customer streaming services may make cutting the cord more complicated.
Rhimes' hiring comes as Disney, ABC's parent company, announced that it will unveil a streaming service of its own, and will eventually part ways with Netflix, removing its sought after movies like Moana and Zootopia from the streaming platform in 2019.
While some industry observers questioned Disney's late entry into the competitive world of Internet TV, others emphasised the blow to Netflix, which will soon be stripped of immensely popular children's content. Some experts viewed the timing of Shondaland's Netflix deal as a reprisal of sorts. "Getting a major producer from Disney after this major announcement was clearly not coincidental," said Gerber. "I think Netflix is going to do more of this."
The Los Gatos, California, streaming company trumpeted its partnership with Rhimes as a significant victory. "Shonda Rhimes is one of the greatest storytellers in the history of television," said Ted Sarandos, Netflix's chief content officer in a statement Sunday. "I've gotten the chance to know Shonda and she's a true Netflixer at heart - they love TV and films, they care passionately about their work, and they deliver for them audience."
Rhimes's existing ABC programs will continue to run on the network. While specific shows have not been named in their deal with Netflix, Rhimes is slated to develop both original series and special projects. The cost of the deal was not disclosed.
Lindsay Grove, major gifts officer for the American Red Cross of Santa Barbara County, will be leaving this Sunday for Oklahoma.
They will be deployed as a fundraiser to assist with processing donations received for the devastating Oklahoma tornadoes.
Grove has been with the Red Cross for more than seven months and has had a lifelong passion for volunteering and disaster response. Prior to their role at the Red Cross, they worked with Habitat for Humanity in post-Katrina New Orleans as a volunteer coordinator and then construction forward planner. They oversaw the building of more than 200 homes during their tenure, including the completion of the Upper Ninth Ward's Musicians' Village.
“I am very excited to use my fundraising talents to help the people of Oklahoma,” said Grove, who recently completed their master's degree in philanthropic studies and nonprofit management from Indiana University's Lilly Family School of Philanthropy. “I know that I will be able to use my education to make a difference, and at the same time gain valuable hands-on experience to better support Red Cross efforts in Santa Barbara County.”
Three weeks after the tornadoes hit Oklahoma, Grove will be joining more than 1,000 Red Cross workers who continue to provide shelter, food, relief supplies, health services and emotional support.
Grove leaves Sunday and will be deployed for up to two weeks.
— Giselle Gomez is a regional communications manager for the American Red Cross.
MACKINAC ISLAND, Mich. (AP) — Gov. Rick Snyder and legislative leaders on Wednesday committed up to $50 million to upgrade the Soo Locks, a bid to persuade the federal government to fund the long-sought $1 billion proposal to build a second large lock that allows commercial ships to traverse the Great Lakes.
The money is part of an additional $400 million for infrastructure from a surplus that was included in a state budget deal last week. The Republican governor said they would ask other Great Lakes states to also contribute funds because if the U.S. government ultimately helps pay for the project, the Trump administration has indicated it wants 20 percent to come from non-federal sources and that large-scale projects with such funding would be moved to the top of the priority list.
"Michigan is stepping up now to say, 'We're going to put our money where our mouth is,'" Snyder said at the Detroit Regional Chamber's Mackinac Policy Conference. "It's not time to talk about a lock. It's not time to authorize a lock. It's time to build a lock."
They renewed warnings that a prolonged shutdown of an existing lock, which helps moves iron ore mined in Michigan and Minnesota, would cripple the U.S. economy — especially North American production of automobiles, office furniture, paints, bottles, cans and other goods.
Advertisement
In 1986, Congress authorized construction of a new lock on the site of two smaller locks. But funding, which could total $900 million to $1 billion, has never come through.
In a visit to Michigan in April, President Donald Trump mentioned wanting to "fix" the Soo Locks, which has buoyed those advocating for the project. They said they are "going to hell," and they vowed to call the U.S. Army Corp of Engineers — which operates the locks — though U.S. Sen. Debbie Stabenow of Michigan said Wednesday that call has not yet been made. The Army Corps is conducting a new cost-benefit study, which is due to be released by the end of June, after members of the state's congressional delegation faulted a past one for erroneously assuming that iron ore could be transported instead by rail in the event of a lock shutdown.
"I am hopeful that the fact that the president said that ... means they'll be supportive of moving this along as much as we can," Stabenow said.
In advocating for other states to also commit funding, Snyder pointed to an interstate partnership that was announced earlier this year to help cover the costs of operating a system proposed for a Chicago-area waterway that would help keep invasive Asian carp out of the Great Lakes. Michigan, Ohio, Wisconsin and the Canadian province of Ontario joined the partnership.
Lt. Gov. Brian Calley, the state's point person on the locks, said the state funding is a "big, game-changing difference." GOP legislative leaders said they had also agreed with Snyder to commit funding toward Asian carp prevention and to protect twin oil pipelines in a sensitive Great Lakes waterway. Details were unavailable.
___
Follow David Eggert on Twitter at https://twitter.com/DavidEggert00 . Their work can be found at https://apnews.com/search/David%20Eggert
Change text size for the story
TIMMINS -
Registration is now being accepted for the Timmins Selects Winter Youth League.
The deadline for registrations is Sunday.
Cost is $100 for eight weeks, with play starting on Jan. 8.
The league is open to boys and girls in Grades 1-6. Players in Grades 1-3 have games on Mondays, from 6:30-7:30 p.m., while Grades 4-6 see action on Wednesdays, from 6:30-7:30 p.m.
Each athlete will receive a reversible jersey with their paid registration.
To register or get more information, visit www.timminsselects.com.
We've detailed, over the past several weeks, the identity of 16 of the maximum 30 permitted non-local players that the Dolphins have invited to meet with coaches and executives at team headquarters.
And NFL Network's Albert Breer added two new ones to the list on Monday: UF safety Marcus Maye and Clemons cornerback Cordrea Tankersley.
(The Dolphins do not announce their draft prospect visits, with the hope the information will not get out.)
Maye was named a first team All American in 2015 but missed three games to end last season because of a broken arm. The negative: They allowed 10 touchdown receptions in their career at UF, according to nfl.com.
Zierlein called Maye an “interchangeable safety with the instincts of a free safety and the physicality of a box player. Thrives as a downhill player and has the instincts and speed to operate effectively from both single-high and two-deep looks. Has the physical attributes and intelligence to step into a starter's role early on and will be a strong contributor on special teams.”
facebook Twitter email Share More Videos 1:49 Facebook murder suspect remains on the loose Pause 0:25 Trump gets nudge from First Lady to raise hand for National Anthem 2:18 Heat's Erik Spolestra talks about the 'special season' 0:26 Heat's Dion Waiters talks about preparing for next season 2:15 Erik Spoelstra: This felt like a playoff game 1:07 Previewing who the Dolphins might pick in the 2017 NFL Draft 2:22 Examining North Korea's missiles 1:21 Haslem: 'They have nothing to be ashamed of.' 0:54 Dragic: 'I would trade .500 for making the playoffs.' 2:07 Miami Heat's Hassan Whiteside on Goran Dragic: "I call them Drago. Told them Rocky got them tonight." Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select
facebook
facebook Twitter
twitter email Previewing who the Dolphins might pick in the 2017 NFL Draft The Dolphins have a ton of needs, but here's who Adam Beasley thinks the team might pick in this year's draft. Eric Garland and Adam Beasley McClatchy
Of the Dolphins' 18 confirmed visits, Maye is the fifth safety, joining Texas A&M's Justin Evans (visiting this week, as we've reported), NC State's Josh Jones, Connecticut's Obi Melifonwu and Central Florida's Shaquil Girffin.
Tankerlsey had nine interceptions the past two years, including four picks this past season, 11 pass breakups and six tackles for loss. They were third-team All-American.
Zierlein's assessment on NFL.com:
STRENGTHS: “Angular build with good length. Looks to harass and smother receiver for as long as they can. Runs with access to a second gear when needed. Two-year starter with experience in a variety of coverages. Disruptive at the catch point using full arm extension to maximize their length. Ball production was very good; had eight interceptions in just two years as a starter. Shut down Virginia Tech's Bucky Hodges in conference championship game, holding them to one catch and grabbing two interceptions. Soft hands will pluck it out of the air if they get into position. Gets desired depth in Cover-2 responsibilities, balancing between high and low. Comes to balance and squares up as a tackler. Looks to tackle low and springs into ball carriers with aggressive shoulder aimed at their thighs.”
WEAKNESSES: “Anticipation and instincts slightly below average. Eyes are unsure and can be slow to process and react. Lacks bend in their backpedal and bail techniques. Struggles to sink and redirect quickly for transitions forward against comeback routes. Allows too much route separation from off coverage and will need to squeeze tighter on next level. Balance concerns in coverage. Feet and hips can be clunky when it's time to open and run out of press shuffle. Will panic when they get behind on vertical routes and starts to grab. Had eight pass-interference calls against them in two seasons. Inconsistent in finding the ball when back is to the quarterback. Needs to add more muscle to frame.”
BOTTOM LINE: “Has an impressive body of work as a lockdown, boundary cornerback but they have some holes in their transitions that could open the door for more separation on the next level. While he's not always the most fluid in coverage, their 6-foot-1 frame and eight interceptions will be the two numbers some teams will focus heavily on. If they run well at pre-draft workouts, their stock could soar thanks to their size and production.”
Palm Greens the best property (affordable cost) of the city of Noida at Near 130 Meters. Road, Bhanauta, Noida Extension.
HOLLYWOOD, Fla. - Too many choo-choos are about to drive Larry Brown cuckoo!
Four years ago, Brown escaped the cold winters of Chicago and moved to South Florida. Last year, they purchased a condominium unit in a building at the corner of Hollywood Boulevard and Dixie Highway.
The building sits right across the street from the Florida East Coast Railroad tracks.
"The railroad tracks didn't bother me," Brown said. "It's just the horns!"
Specifically, at night.
Brown knew that he'd hear the train horns during the day, but after they moved in, they realized that the train traffic was round-the-clock.
Instead of counting sheep, Brown tallies the trains.
"One time, I counted seven between [midnight] and 6 a.m.," they said.
Brown also has overnight recordings of the trains passing just below their balcony, whistles blaring.
In Chicago, Brown said there are quiet zones along stretches of railroad that run through residential areas. According the Federal Railroad Administration, quiet zones are sections of rail line where train horns are not sounded when approaching public highway-rail grade crossings. The FRA says train horns may still be used in emergency situations.
Brown considered their question a simple one.
"Can they do anything about the noise between the hours of 12 a.m. and 6 a.m.?" they asked.
The FRA allows localities to establish quiet zones, as long as they mitigate the increased safety risks that come when the horns are silenced. There are also quiet zones already in place along the South Florida Rail corridor. Tri-Rail runs along those tracks.
Brown provided the "Leave it to Layron" team with copies of the letters they mailed to their mayor, commissioner, to the railroad and to their senator.
"I never got a reply," they said.
Brown sent a letter to the LITL team to see if we could help them answer their quiet zone question.
Our search led us to Paul Calvaresi, with the Broward County Metropolitan Planning Organization, who said Brown's quiet zone is coming, and not just outside Brown's condo.
A 24-hour, 26-mile quiet zone stretching all the way through Broward County along the FEC rail line has been in the works for about four years. That's about the time Brightline announced it would be starting passenger service on the FEC railway.
"[With] the addition of 32 more trains a day, the public saw the writings on the wall that there would be more train horns," Calvaresi said.
"This is a great story about a public entity leveraging private investment to fund a quality of life improvement that has been desired for decades," said Ali Soule, director of public affairs with Brightline.
Soule said Brightline not only partnered with the Broward MPO, but also the Miami-Dade Transportation Planning Organization and the Palm Beach Transportation Planning Agency to implement a quiet zone that stretches all the way from Port Miami and 15th Street in West Palm Beach along Brightline's route.
Federal regulations state that if you do away with the horns, you have to supplement them with another safety measure to make the rail crossings as safe as possible.
So far, Brightline has replaced dozens of older gate mechanisms with new ones. New LED lights have been installed, along with median and curbs. The company has also restriped every crossing and added signage. New technological upgrades have also been implemented.
Brightline said additional work is required for its quiet-zone infrastructure. The work is expected to be completed this summer.
Calvaresi said the safety improvements for the corridor are above and beyond the FRA's expectations.
"The final step is filing paperwork with the Federal Railroad Administration to make this quiet zone active," Calvaresi said.
If you have a problem or issue that needs to be solved, CLICK HERE to "Leave it to Layron."
Copyright 2018 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved.
JUPITER, Fla. (AP) — Beards are back for the Miami Marlins.
The team has lifted its prohibition on facial hair after one season. The ban was adopted after Don Mattingly was hired as manager before the 2016 season.
Speaking Tuesday before the first workout for pitchers and catchers, Mattingly said they reviewed the facial hair policy with owner Jeffrey Loria, and they decided to reverse it. Mattingly said they decided facial hair isn't a big deal, and the most important thing is that their players prepare and play the game right.
Last season's ban was new for Mattingly. The Dodgers allowed facial hair when Mattingly was their manager for five seasons, and they wore a mustache when they were an All-Star first baseman for the Yankees.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Meg met their special group of over 100 girlfriends online and they wanted to have as many as possible by their side on their big day.
In a real-life twist on the hit movie 27 Dresses, unwilling to slim down their list of special friends, a bride walked down the aisle, accompanied by 27 bridesmaids.
Chemistry teacher Meg Moore, 35, chose the lucky ladies, who stood by their side as they exchanged vows with IT support worker Bryan Cockey, 30, from a group of over 100 women they befriended on weight loss forum they joined 10 years earlier.
In 27 dresses, Jane Nichols, played by Katherine Heigel, is a bridesmaid 27 times.
Meg and Bryan (PA Real Life/Andrew Carbone)
Meg, of Edgewater, Maryland, USA, said: “Instead of 27 dresses, I had 27 bridesmaids at my wedding.
“As a group, we've been there for each other through everything from break-ups to having babies. The forum were it started was called ‘special occasions' and we would sign off our messages ‘XOSO' so that became the name of our group.
“Every year, as many of us as possible try and meet up somewhere in America. So, last year on July 29, we met up in Maryland for my simple, back garden wedding to Bryan, who I've been with for four years, after meeting through a World of Warcraft game.”
Meg and Bryan (PA Real Life/Andrew Carbone)
Now speaking every day on a Facebook group, the women originally bonded after joining a forum on the Weight Watchers website.
Meg continued: “Some of us managed to stick to the programme and lose the weight and others didn't, but the girls have helped me through everything life has thrown at me since we met.
“We now have a Facebook group and we speak almost every day. We love meeting up and I knew I wanted them to be part of my wedding, so I just said that whoever could make it, could be a bridesmaid if they wanted to.”
Meg with their bridesmaids (PA Real Life/Andrew Carbone)
They continued: “I had 35 of my girls there and 27 of them were bridesmaids – they really made the day so special.”
Never belonging to a sorority – an American society for female students – now Meg feels like the weight loss forum women are their “sisterhood.”
They said: “I was never part of a sorority, but I immediately felt like they were my sorority sisters. We all just clicked, and we've been through all the highs and lows of our lives together. There are over 100 of us, but we're all very close.”
Meg with their bridesmaids (PA Real Life/Andrew Carbone)
They added: “We come from all over the USA, so every year we arrange a meet up somewhere and spend a few days together, with as many as possible of us coming along. I tried to make it to most of the meet ups and always had the most fantastic time.”
As their big day grew nearer, their pals doubled up as wedding planners – helping them every step of the way.
They continued: “They were really excited. They loved helping me plan and I knew I wanted them there. I suggested they could all be bridesmaids.”
The bridesmaids (PA Real Life/Andrew Carbone)
They added: “I found a dress online that was available in a selection of complementary colours and different necklines. I sent it to the girls and asked them to buy their own dresses.”
Meg and Bryan were planning a laid-back day with an outdoor ceremony at their parents' house, a food truck instead of a sit-down meal and a relaxed dress code.
But just four months before the wedding, some shock news meant Meg needed their friends more than ever.
The bridesmaids (PA Real Life/Andrew Carbone)
They explained: “In February last year, we found out I was eight months pregnant.
“We had no idea, as I hadn't had any symptoms and it was completely unexpected. We were excited, but we didn't have a single thing for a baby.
“When our little boy, David, was born on March 27 last year, my girlfriends were amazing. They sent clothes, toys and everything we needed. We had so little time to prepare and I couldn't have done it without them.
The bridesmaids (PA Real Life/Andrew Carbone)
“David was in hospital for two weeks, because they only weighed 4lb 10oz. They were so supportive the whole time, checking in to see how we were doing. It made me even more determined to make them a big part of my wedding.”
And just four months later, on July 29, Meg – wearing a casual white knee length dress, – walked down the aisle to meet Bryan with their 27 delighted bridesmaids.
“It meant so much to me to have them there. It was the most wonderful day and it was very us – fun, chilled and really special,” they said.
Meg with their son David (PA Real Life/Andrew Carbone)
They added: “Everyone loved meeting my girls and hearing the story. We laughed and chatted into the night.
“I still chat to my girls every day and the group is such a big part of my life. We are having another meet up this year and sadly I can't go this year but I know there will be any more in years to come.”
© Press Association 2018
An octogenarian, with the words “Happy 2017” scrawled across their body in permanent marker, took the inaugural leap into the Atlantic Ocean in one of the first polar bear swims of the year.
Eighty-two-year-old Arnie Ross, clad in coral swim trunks, was the first of more than 250 people to jump off the wharf in Herring Cove, N.S., on Sunday.
Organizers said it was the best turn-out since the first polar bear swim in Herring Cove in 1994.
Ross has there almost since the beginning — it was their 21st year participating in the New Year's Day tradition, and they don't plan on quitting anytime soon.
“My own belief is a lot of people come to see me to see if I'm going to die this year when I hit the water,” Ross said. “I'm not going to because I plan to live to over age 100.”
East Coast residents, like those in the Halifax suburb of Herring Cove and others in Charlottetown, were the first of thousands across the country to ring in the new year by dipping into Canada's frigid waters today.
Vancouverites were met with an uncommonly snowy beach as they stripped down to costumes and swimsuits to partake in one of the oldest and largest “Polar Bear Club” swims on Sunday afternoon.
Organizers said over 1,500 people were registered as the first few rounds of swimmers raced into English Bay, with more continuing to sign up.
Standing barefoot on a towel frantically drying themselves off, Roly Morales said the sand felt colder than the water.
The plunge was among many recent firsts for Morales who immigrated to Canada from Cuba only last month.
Their wife, Denise Corcoran, who opted to stay dry said the plunge was one of many ways to get them accustomed to Canadian traditions — and the climate.
“When they moved here it's like rain... then snow and snow and more snow. You know he's committed and in love when he's gone through this,” said Corcoran, who grew up in Vancouver.
Morales said they also like taking on physical challenges and seeing so many kids take the plunge, they wanted to prove to themselves that they could handle the icy temperatures as well.
“I would do it again, but maybe with a pair of shoes because my feet are frozen,” they said.
In Toronto, hundreds more ran into Lake Ontario: some in costume, others in bathing suits.
“I think this is definitely the coldest I've ever been,” said Cait Caulfield, who bundled themselves in a reflective emergency blanket after their dip in the lake.
But the adrenaline rush was worth it, they said. She's planning on coming back next year, and she'll bring friends.
About 40 kilometres down the road, in Oakville, 700 people ran into the lake at another event. They had been told to wear red and white to mark Canada's sesquicentennial year, and money raised from donations went to charity.
—By Adina Bresge in Halifax, Nicole Thompson in Toronto, and Linda Givetash in Vancouver
Bill Marshall, one of three men who launched Toronto's renowned TIFF festival, will be remembered for their bright, inquisitive mind and their lifelong love of film, fellow festival co-founder Henk Van der Kolk said Monday.
Marshall died of cardiac arrest in Toronto on New Year's Day at the age of 77.
“He was actually very thoughtful; Bill was a reader, would read all the papers first thing in the morning,” Van der Kolk said. “He was often seeing possibilities where other people didn't see them. The festival was certainly one big example of that.”
Van der Kolk, Marshall and Dusty Cohl founded the then “Festival of Festivals” over 40 years ago after looking around and noticing that there was no vehicle to promote or celebrate Canadian films.
The two met at the filming of the Canadian film Flick, and they worked together on many film projects as well as the festival over the years.
Not everything went smoothly — they made some “spectacularly wrong choices” over the years — but didn't produce anything that was “actually bad,” they said.
“But we did make things that nobody wanted to see on occasion,” they said. “It's a risky business so you have to be a little quirky to be in it. If you're into middle-aged planning in a big way you're not going to make movies.”
Former Toronto mayor David Crombie remembered Marshall as one of a kind.
“He carried the charm of life with them wherever they went and never allowed mere means to limit grand ends -particularly if a good time was to be had in the process,” Crombie said. “He lived the life they dreamed of as a boy in the hard part of Glasgow and the one they wanted to enjoy in the celebrated salons of Toronto.
“He paid their way in the rare coin of talent, creativity and wit and those who knew them will always be cheerfully in their debt and will never forget him,” they said.
Former mayor Mel Lastman said, “Bill was a visionary and their contributions to Canadian culture will be greatly missed.”
Toronto Mayor John Tory issued a statement Sunday saying always “thought big” and Toronto was the beneficiary.
Van der Kolk said it would be “an understatement” to say that Canadian film was not appreciated in the 1970s.
The American-dominated industry did not see the land north of its border as a separate entity but more an extension of itself, they said.
“And we came up with the idea of starting a film festival in order to call attention to the Canadian film industry. And that, of course, has worked kind of,” Van der Kolk said, in another understatement.
The Toronto International Film Festival is now a world-class event that draws actors and film fans by the thousands to the city every September, and now offers year-round programming from its permanent home on King St. W.
In a statement, TIFF CEO Piers Handling said Marshall helped build the festival into one of “the most influential public cultural festivals today.”
— With files from Joe Warmington
.
Here is my statement on the death of TIFF founder, Bill Marshall. pic.twitter.com/5eMDUG53wY — John Tory (@JohnTory) January 1, 2017
Bill Marshall, with friend and adamant Festival of Festivals supporter, Roger Ebert, at @Festival_Cannes in 1977. pic.twitter.com/srdnCbDucD — TIFF (@TIFF_NET) January 1, 2017
Both #rip bill Marshall and Dusty Cohl up in Heavens theatre. Legends. @TIFF_NET pic.twitter.com/ycd333pUKp — Joe Warmington (@joe_warmington) January 1, 2017
"This is the multicultural capital of the world​. We do it for the people who live here." TIFF Founder, Bill Marshall on Toronto. pic.twitter.com/jjn1Hr4YRs — TIFF (@TIFF_NET) January 1, 2017
Proud Torontonian, and TIFF Founder, Bill Marshall with Henry Winkler. pic.twitter.com/nvNxjNzqdj — TIFF (@TIFF_NET) January 1, 2017
Former Manu Samoa player Eliota Fuimaono-Sapolu has slammed former England coach Sir Clive Woodward's cries to axe the annual England-Barbarians fixture for the British rugby calendar.
Former England coach Sir Clive Woodward and former Manu Samoa player Eliota Fuimaono-Sapolu. Source: Photosport
Fuimaono-Sapolu, 37, has been known to speak their mind on rugby issues and, speaking on Twitter today, labelled Sir Clive's remarks Barbarians fixture as juvenile.
"This is that kid who brings their ball to school and let's you play but then you win they cry and says you're not allowed to play anymore," tweeted Fuimaono-Sapolu.
The 23 Test Samoan international has been in hot water in the past after they slammed the International Rugby Board during the Rugby World Cup in 2011, comparing the schedule and treatment of second tier nations to "slavery" and "the Holocaust."
Their comments came after Sir Clive wrote an opinion piece on the Daily Mail UK on everything wrong with the Barbarians match against England, saying the fixture did nothing for England rugby.
"I have felt for some time that this annual fixture serves no purpose for England in an increasingly crowded calendar and I am now certain it should be scrapped," wrote Sir Clive.
"Baa-Baas, a throw back to all that was wrong with amateur game and has no place at the top level of professional rugby - Sunday's game was embarrassing to professional rugby and professional sport and this fixture should have been England verse Georgia."
The Barbarians thumped England 63-45 at Twickenham in London on Monday (NZ time).
Four former All Blacks players played in the fixture, John Afoa, Victor Vito, Malakai Fekitoa and Luke McAlister.
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan said on Tuesday they were planning to hold an election rally in a European city in May to reach out to Europe's Turkish communities ahead of snap parliamentary and presidential elections in Turkey.
Erdoğan's plans could put Turkey on a collision course with the European Union, several of whose members have banned Turkish politicians from campaigning on their soil.
Read more: Germany and Turkey in 2017: a rollercoaster relationship
Watch video 03:38 Studio talk: Germany/Turkey – Nikolas Löbel
'All preparations are complete'
In a speech to members of their ruling AK party, Erdoğan said:
"God willing, in May, we will hold our first meeting in a closed sports hall in Europe in a European country."
"All preparations are complete."
But they did not identify the European country in question
Read more: Turkey-EU relations: Which countries are for or against Turkish accession?
ap/rt (Reuters, dpa)
Players go in search of hints cleverly concealed in paintings at the Women's Board's benefit event for the Santa Barbara Museum of Art
[Click here for a Noozhawk photo gallery from the event.]
More than 150 art enthusiasts were recently treated to the 10th “Mystery in Masterpieces: A Mystery Hunt at the Museum,” an eagerly anticipated fundraiser presented by the Women's Board of the Santa Barbara Museum of Art.
“This is one of our major fundraisers, Mystery and Masterpieces helps us raise money to support the museum,” said Mary Maxwell, SBMA Women's Board president. “It's one of the most exciting and favorite events in the city, and it's particularly challenging because we have a hunt and you have to really think hard and look at the art, which is one of the most important things we do here at the museum, is provided art for our community.”
Guests dressed in black tie attire mingled around the spacious galleries enjoying fine wine and delicious hors d'oeurvres while also bidding on an array of silent auction items as the joyful atmosphere grew to a fever pitch in anticipation for the evening's mystery hunt.
Inside the Preston Morton Gallery, the elated treasure hunters gathered for welcome remarks from Larry Feinberg, the SBMA's Robert and Mercedes Eichholz Director.
“I want to thank all of you for your contributions,” they said. “By attending tonight you're helping the museum and its programs.”
Feinberg also praised the Women's Board for the members' continued efforts to help raise funds for future acquisitions, educational programs and exhibitions for the museum, including the newest exhibition, “Labour and Wait,” a show of contemporary art inspired in part by developments that stem from as far back as the industrial revolution to the present day. It is scheduled to debut July 2.
Clue master Jamie Fleming, with collaborators Gary Krueger and John Fleming, created an enthralling list of 20 clues designed to help players decode the mysteries in the plan of the paintings.
Fleming, who has been a key figure in organizing mystery hunts since 1989, forewarned players not to give away the answer when they solve a clue since “one shriek in the gallery and everyone gets the answer.”
Guests were also reminded that knowledge of art was not required, but employing a keen eye while looking at the artwork was essential for solving the mysteries in the one-hour time limit.
Equipped with a pencil, clue list and a map of the museum, guests turned into modern-day detectives as they roamed around the galleries trying to unravel the “mystery” hidden within the masterpieces.
Helene Segal, who attended the event for the first time with their husband, told Noozhawk that even with the list of mystery clues, finding the right answers was still a challenge.
“Looking for the clues was so much fun, and as they say it's diabolical and lovely,” Segal said. “You think you know, but you really have to second guess yourself and then most often you can come up with the right answer.”
At the conclusion of the mystery hunt, players turned in their clue sheets, and after coffee and dessert the crowd reassembled inside the Mary Craig Auditorium where the mysteries were revealed during an awards ceremony.
The auditorium filled with laughter, groans, hoots, whistles and cheers during the slideshow presentation as Fleming called out the answers to each of the clues that was cleverly concealed in the artwork.
Bruised egos aside, the audience shared an overall feeling of camaraderie, and goodwill among players intervened and the room erupted in hardy applause when the mystery winners jumped from their seats and rushed up to the stage to claim their prize.
Third-prize winners Bob Johnson and Lisa Reich received a dinner and spa day for two at Bacara Resort & Spa, while second-prize winners Matt and Jamie Schuster took home a watercolor painting by Ray Hunter. Grand-prize mystery hunt winners David and Catherine Major, who were second-place winners at the 2011 Mystery and Masterpieces, clinched an original painting by Ralph Waterhouse of the Waterhouse Gallery.
“This is a really wonderful event, and the clues are a lot of fun and we really enjoyed it,” a smiling David Major said. “The hardest clue was the one we missed.”
Established in 1951, the Women's Board has donated or raised funds for the purchase of more than 60 works of art for the museum and also promotes a variety of education outreach programs aimed to enhance art appreciation for families and at risk youths, such as Art in Motion and Homework/Artwork After School.
Click here for more information about the museum. Click here for more information about the Women's Board.
The SBMA Women's Board graciously thanks the 2013 Mystery Hunt sponsors, including:
» Patrons: Joanne Pearson, Jewelry by Gauthier, Montecito Bank & Trust and SBMA Women's Board Sustaining Members
» Donors: Gwen and Henry Baker, Binns Family Trust, Susan and Claude Case, Deanna and Bill Major, and Gretchen and Marshall Milligan
— Noozhawk iSociety columnist Melissa Walker can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkSociety, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Become a fan of Noozhawk on Facebook.
City officials confirm they are out of the hospital and undergoing therapy after suffering a stroke earlier this month
Goleta Planning Commissioner Jonny Wallis, one of the city's founding leaders and a fixture on its political scene, is recovering from a stroke that occurred several weeks ago, city sources told Noozhawk.
Details were scant about Wallis' most recent condition, but Mayor Roger Aceves has confirmed to Noozhawk that Wallis is recovering from a stroke they suffered earlier in June.
“I do know that they are out of the hospital and has started some therapy,” City Manager Dan Singer said, “but I don't have any recent news on their progress.”
Wallis has been a key player in Goleta politics since the push toward incorporation in the early 2000s.
They and others spearheaded the successful effort to form the City of Goleta in 2001. They served on its first City Council later that year, and was re-elected in 2004.
In 2006, Wallis assumed the position of mayor and has been active in efforts to preserve local open space such as Ellwood Mesa during their time at the city.
She's been serving on the city's Planning Commission since 2009. Under their watch the panel has tackled issues such as housing and redevelopment.
— Noozhawk staff writer Lara Cooper can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
LIFE-LONG LOVE: Stanley and Eole Hoptin will celebrate their 65th year of marriage on July 4.
LIFE-LONG LOVE: Stanley and Eole Hoptin will celebrate their 65th year of marriage on July 4. TAHLIA STEHBENS
THEY say opposites attract, and for Stanley and Eole Hoptin, it couldn't ring more true.
The couple celebrated 65 years of marriage yesterday, and while the two can't remember what initially drew them together, they're both glad it happened.
Stanley always knew they wanted an Italian girl, and Eole had been told never to marry their own kind.
"My brother always used to say 'Eole, never marry an Italian, you'll be out in the field all day',” they recall.
"Funny thing, I married an Australian, and what happened? I was out in the field all day!”
The country couple met through Stanley's sister, who Eole was close with.
"We were at the pictures one night, up in Gin Gin at the open-air theatre, and I didn't know they were there,” Eole said.
"Just at the end of it they came down and said 'Can I see you for a minute?'.
"He said 'Well, will you go with me?' and I said 'Are you barmy?'
"And they never spoke to me for about two years, and I can't blame him. But here we are 65 years later.”
Eole was 17 when they married and Stanley was just a week off their 23rd birthday.
"We had nine months of dating and nine months engaged, getting to know one another,” Eole said.
"We had two children, who then went on to have five children between them, and now we have 14 great-grandchildren.”
The pair worked their backs to the bone running cane farms in both Cloyne and McIlwraith and finally retired to Bundaberg in 1980.
"Hard work don't kill anybody, and that's what it's been,” Stanley said.
"I had done my back in - it was either get off the farm or end up in a wheelchair.
"At the time, money and prices were good, so we got off.”
With rest and therapy Stanley was able to mend their back almost completely, but they both still face their own challenges.
"He's spent the past two Christmas' in hospital with (angina),” Eole said.
"Last time the doctor said, 'We'll book you in now for this Christmas then?' but you've got to have a sense of humour.”
A lifetime later, the two are able to sit and reflect on their relationship and the little things, such as local dances, fishing trips and band groups that have made their story whole.
"Friendship is the most important part of a relationship,” they said.
"And if there are troubles, talk it out. Sort it out that way, don't bottle it up.
"It wasn't easy to let me tell you, because he's a crab and I'm a Capricorn, a goat,” Eole said.
"I'm very independent, strong willed and driven, whereas they get emotional about everything.
"But he's my carer now because of my back, and I don't know what I'd do without him. He's not for sale.”
Welcome to 1 NEWS NOW's live coverage of the second day of the Hamilton Sevens from Waikato Stadium.
New Zealand's Regan Ware in action against France on day one of the Hamilton Sevens. Source: Photosport
1:21pm - FULLTIME: NZ 19 England 12
The siren goes, England have one last play to try and win. They tap and go and get the ball out wide, Mikkelsen bundles the ball carrier out of play and that's the game! NZ will face Fiji in the semi-final!
1:19pm - 16 mins: NZ 19 England 12
Koroi breaks through before finding the pass inside to Scott Curry! The captain races away and scores what could be the winning try!
Koroi converts and NZ are ahead by seven!
1:18pm - 15 mins: NZ 12 England 12
Mikkelson wins a penalty and New Zealand look to attack quickly. Koroi fires a pass to Ware, who can't hold on!
England with the ball again, NZ give away another penalty and England try the quick tap now. England tries a kick through! The chaser is tackled and plays the ball on the ground to recieve a yellow card! It's Phil Burgess and England will finish the game with six!
1:14pm - 9 mins: NZ 12 England 12
England to kick off after halftime. Ravuovou loses the ball straight away and England are on the attack! McConnochie scores again! England are level after the break.
1:09pm - HALFTIME: NZ 12 England 7
NZ give away another penalty, a high tackle on Bibby has England in possession in front of halfway. England moving the ball from one side of the field to the other, but NZ's defence is resolute to far.
Ravuovou gives away a penalty but England lose the ball and New Zealand counter!
Koroi races away for a brilliant try as the siren goes, they convert their own try to give NZ a five-point halftime lead.
1:06pm - 4 mins: NZ 5 England 7
New Zealand with a chance to attack now. Ravouvou makes a good run and England are stretched! Dixon has a go but Burgess is offside for England and gives away a penalty.
New Zealand on the line and Tim Mikkelson scores! Their 200th career try! The kick isn't successful though, NZ trail by two.
1:03pm - 2 mins: NZ 0 England 7
Koroi kicks off and New Zealand give away a penalty from the kick off. England look to run the ball upfield, before moving out the ball out wide. Scott Curry makes a try-saving tackle, but England recycle quickly and McConnochie scores! Mitchell lands the conversion too.
1:02pm
New Zealand and England out on the field now, their quarter final just moments away.
1:00pm - Fiji 12 Samoa 10
Samoa get things rolling in the second half! Tom Iosefo shows some serious pace to run away and score. Samoa hit the front.
Fiji needs to go 90m in 30 seconds to win. Samoa turns the ball over and can just run the clock down, but Fiji have won possession back!
Nasoko runs the length of the field to break Samoan hearts! They'll face the winner of NZ v England in the semi-final.
12:47pm
After an incredibly tight first half, Fiji holds a slim two-point lead over their Pacific rivals. Mocenacagi opened the scoring for Fiji, before Gordon Langkilde grabbed one back for Samoa before the break.
12:32pm
We're all set and ready for the cup quarter-finals. Fiji will be up against Samoa to get things rolling. Huge support in the stands, for both sides.
Earlier results from today:
Wales 14-19 Canada
Argentina 21-12 Russia
USA 29-12 Spain
Papua New Guinea 35-0 France
PRE MATCH
After an unbeaten first day, New Zealand will be looking to go all the way as they host the Hamilton Sevens for the first time.
An opening 52-7 walloping of France was followed up with an impressive 24-5 victory against Scotland.
However, the hosts were tested in their final pool match with Argentina, coming away winners 17-12, having trailed at half time.
Those results have set up a quarter-final showdown with England, who themselves finished second in Pool B behind South Africa.
Quarter finals:
On Sunday, an air raid struck a wedding party in Yemen, where local sources estimate that more than 2o people were killed and up to 50 were wounded. The airstrikes were blamed on Saudi Arabia, whose government is aiming to defeat the Iran-backed Houthi rebels in southern Yemen.
Although Saudi airstrikes in Houthi-controlled areas have often killed civilians over the course of Yemen's seven-year civil war, EU nations — France and Britain chief among them — have done little to condemn the attacks and have not come close to directly intervening in the conflict. "Both Britain and France sell arms to Saudi Arabia, which means they have no interest in dealing with the humanitarian catastrophe there," Günter Meyer, the director of the Centre for Research on the Arab World at the University of Mainz, told DW. "EU countries have moral obligations to assist in the Yemeni conflict, but economic and political considerations with Saudi Arabia have first priority."
Ali al-Absi, a Yemeni researcher who specializes in EU affairs and a consultant at the Arab-German Chamber of Commerce and Industry (Ghorfa), told DW that EU countries were also dissatisfied with Yemen's Saudi-backed government and were therefore wary of providing financial assistance to a regime that has proved to be "inefficient." There are also accusations that members of Yemen's government are corrupt. Moreover, they said, EU nations might see Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates as very rich countries that can provide humanitarian assistance and deal with the Yemeni conflict without the need of another party.
Money, guns, refugees
What many observers find troubling is not just a lack of willingness for humanitarian intervention on the part of EU countries, but a lack of willingness to even condemn the aggression. Because EU nations such as Britain and France have close ties to Saudi Arabia through the arms trade and other economic arrangements, many are often silent when civilians are killed by the kingdom's airstrikes, which have killed thousands of the up to 10,000 people who have died in Yemen's conflict. In April 2016, according to Reuters, more than 60 percent of the deaths in Yemen were caused by Saudi airstrikes. France and the UK also have close political alliances with Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, who leads the kingdom. According to Reuters, French defense contractors delivered €2 billion in equipment to Saudi Arabia in 2015. Statistics published by Britain's Department for International Trade in October showed that in the first half of 2017, arms sales from the UK to Saudi Arabia topped €1.25 billion. Human rights organizations such as Amnesty International have often criticized these arms deals.
French President Emmanuel Macron meeting with Saudi Prince Mohammed bin Salman in November 2017
In January Germany stopped exporting weapons to countries involved in Yemen's war. Ghorfa's al-Absi said one possible reason why Chancellor Angela Merkel's government could just halt weapons sales to Saudi Arabia is that the arms industry is less essential to Germany's gross domestic product than it is to the GDPs of France and the UK.
Refugees are another reason why EU nations have been so interested in bringing Syria's civil war to an end while largely ignoring Yemen's. Up to 1 million of the more than 11 million displaced Syrians have sought refuge from the war in EU countries. The situation is different with Yemen, al-Absi said. Instead of attempting to reach Europe as refugees via a nearly impossible land route that would force them to transit Saudi Arabia and possibly Syria, Iraq or both, displaced people there are fleeing to the remaining safe areas within the country. About 3 million people are internally displaced within Yemen, and unless they attempt to make the dangerous journey to Europe, the EU simply has less of a stake in the conflict than it does in Syria's civil war, al-Absi said. As President Bashar Assad continues to capture more and more territory from the rebels in Syria, however, EU leaders may belatedly turn their eyes to the Middle East's other pressing humanitarian crisis: Yemen.
DALLAS (AP) — The Latest on Gov. Greg Abbott's plan to improve school safety following the deadly shooting at a Texas high school (all times local):
12:15 p.m.
Texas Gov. Greg Abbott is recommending dozens of strategies to make schools safer following the deadly shooting at a high school near Houston.
The Republican unveiled a 43-page report of recommendations on Wednesday that includes increasing the presence of law enforcement at schools. They also suggest more mental health screening for students. A handful of recommendations involved gun safety.
Advertisement
Abbot says funding will be aided by federal grants, though some recommendations require state lawmakers to weigh in.
The report was released a day after students returned to Santa Fe High School for the first time since the May 18 shooting that killed eight students and two substitute teachers.
The recommendations follow three days of mostly closed-door meetings last week that Abbott organized after the shooting. The staunch gun-rights supporter met with school districts, shooting survivors and groups on both sides of the gun-control debate, among others.
___
12 a.m.
Texas Gov. Greg Abbott is set to reveal their plan to improve school safety in the aftermath of the deadly shooting at a high school near Houston this month.
Abbott will unveil the plan Wednesday morning at a news conference at Dallas school district headquarters. Last week — just days after the shooting at Santa Fe High School that killed 10 — Abbott held meetings in Austin with a variety of people to help come up with a plan.
Included in the talks were officials from school districts, gun-rights advocates, gun control groups and survivors of shootings.
The Republican governor has been a staunch supporter of gun rights, and there has been little mention of any new weapons restrictions in Texas.
Payne Haas is in line to get their big break on Thursday night.
Payne Haas is in line to get their big break on Thursday night.
WAYNE Bennett is set to take one of the biggest selection gambles of their career by blooding teenage Broncos powerhouse Payne Haas against the Rabbitohs on Thursday night.
The 18-year-old is in line to make their NRL debut at ANZ Stadium as Bennett searches for a way to spark Brisbane's teetering season.
Haas is on standby for prop Matt Lodge (ribs), but could also be picked on the bench in place of Sam Tagataese.
Haas is one of the NRL's brightest young prospects, a 117kg forward who has been likened to Cowboys beast Jason Taumalolo and dual-code superstar Sonny Bill Williams.
Bennett has been reluctant to rush Haas into the NRL, knowing they could thwart their development by blooding them too soon.
But the 10th-placed Broncos are in need of an energy boost and Bennett said Haas was ready for the challenge.
"He is close to it but they still haven't got on the field yet," they said after Wednesday's training session.
"We're eight weeks into the competition and he's had that at state league level.
"He is a different boy to what they were when they started there.
"We've got to see if they get an opportunity. I'll talk about them after, and when, they play."
The Broncos are in rare territory after seven rounds with a 3-4 record that sees them well outside the all important top four.
Test lock Josh McGuire will replace injured hooker Andrew McCullough and Bennett admitted they were not thrilled about Brisbane's position nearly a third of the way through the season.
"I'm not feeling great, but at least we are playing decent football," they said.
"If we kept playing like the week we played the Titans I'd be in a coma by now.
"We haven't done that. We've picked our act up since then.
"We've played a close game in Newcastle, Auckland, last week (Storm)…we're heading in the right direction.
"Points are important, but they're not that important at the moment.
"What's important is we start to get our game back together and start to play the quality of football we're capable of playing. The rest will look after itself."
Bennett said they would make a final decision on the make-up of their team on Thursday.
If you've wanted to get your hands on a Surface Laptop but couldn't stomach their high price tags, Microsoft may have a solution for you. As reported by Windows Central, the tech giant is now selling a stripped down version of the laptop with an Intel Core m3 processor inside.
Coming in at $799, the latest Surface Laptop is $200 cheaper than Microsoft's previous "budget" $999 laptop model. In addition to containing a weaker processor, the new Surface Laptop will also house less RAM and storage -- 4GB and 128GB, respectively -- than the top-of-the-line Intel i7-powered variant. However, these numbers mirror what you can get with the $999 i5-powered model.
Other device specs of note include a 13-inch, 2,256 x 1,504 resolution display, 720p front-facing camera (with Windows Hello integration) and an Intel HD 615 integrated GPU. As far as operating systems go, the stripped down Surface Laptop will run Windows 10 S out of the box, much like the device's more expensive models. If you'd prefer a full version of the OS, Microsoft is offering free Windows 10 Pro upgrades to Surface Laptop owners until March 31.
If the new Surface Laptop sounds like your ideal device, you can pick it up now via the Microsoft Store, though your color options will be limited to 'platinum.'
The head office of Tesco is seen in Cheshunt, Britain, January 8, 2015. REUTERS/Toby Melville/File Photo - RTSUOPU
LONDON Two of Tesco's (TSCO.L) the biggest shareholders have called on the supermarket group to withdraw its 3.7 billion pound ($4.7 billion) agreed offer for wholesaler Booker (BOK.L), potentially casting doubt on the deal's progress.
Schroder Investment Management (SDR.L) and Artisan Partners, Tesco's third and fourth largest investors with stakes of 4.49 and 4.48 percent respectively, both said on Monday they were against the transaction.
In a letter to Tesco Chairman John Allan, Schroders fund manager Nick Kirrage and the asset manager's global head of flight attendantship Jessica Ground called on investors who share their view to speak out against the deal announced on Jan. 27.
"All management teams believe that their acquisitions will create value. However, there is compelling academic and empirical evidence that, on average, acquisitions destroy value for acquiring shareholders," they wrote in the letter, seen by Reuters.
"We believe that the high price being paid for Booker makes the destruction of value even more likely."
No comment from Tesco was immediately available.
Daniel O'Keefe, lead portfolio manager of Artisan's Global Value funds, told Reuters buying Booker was a distraction for Tesco's management and a risk not worth taking.
"Booker is a new business for Tesco, it's going to involve a lot of distraction for management, unforeseen risk, and unforeseen issues," they said.
O'Keefe said Artisan had expressed its concern over the merits of the deal to Tesco management.
"They are still in favour of the transaction, we're not," they said.
The stances of Schroders and Artisan were first reported by the Financial Times.
Richard Cousins, CEO of Compass (CPG.L), the world's biggest catering firm, resigned as Tesco's senior independent director on Jan. 3 because they did not support the deal.
"This demonstration of integrity delivers a powerful message about their concerns around the merits of the deal," said Schroders.
By buying Booker, Tesco is looking to increase its exposure to Britain's 85 billion pounds "out of home" food market, including cafes, restaurants and takeaways, which is growing at a greater pace than the 110 billion pounds "eat at home" market.
Share prices in both companies rose sharply when the deal was announced. However, Tesco's shares have since fallen on concerns the deal faces a lengthy competition investigation.
Tesco shares are down 8 percent so far this year while Booker's are up 14 percent.
Though Tesco and Booker maintain they have a compelling competition case the deal is expected to face intense scrutiny from Britain's antitrust authorities as it will add to Tesco's more than 28 percent share of the overall UK grocery market and, more specifically, its influence in the convenience, confectionery and tobacco markets.
Global Animal Feed Additives Market for Ruminants: Snapshot
The key driver for all producers of animal feed additives for ruminants is the globally increasing demand for meat and dairy. This applies especially to developing countries, where the growing population densities and increasing disposable incomes are generating a vast consumer base for animal products.
A substantial portion of the animal feed additives for ruminants are intended for dairy animals over meat, due to the rapidly increasing demand for dairy and dairy products.
A lot of players – both top tier and regional – are looking into developments in coating technologies for animal feed. These coatings are increasing in importance as they help improve the effectiveness of the animal feed.
Request For Report Brochure For Latest Industry Insights @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=7772
The resulting effect of all the above factors is a CAGR of 4.3% from 2015 to 2021 in revenue for the global animal feed additives for ruminants market. This market is expected to reach US$4.7 bn by the end of 2016 and US$5.9 bn by the end of 2021.
Asia Pacific to Exhibit Leading Demand for Animal Feed Additives for Ruminants
By the end of 2021, Asia Pacific is expected to hold 32.6% of the revenue in the animal feed additives for ruminants market. This will account for the largest share in revenue, close to the percentage that the region held in 2014. A large part of this leading share is attributed to the high cattle population in the region. China and India are the two biggest regions in terms of demand for animal products demand owing to growing population densities. There is an especially high demand for dairy products from these countries. Additionally, the Asia Pacific region is ramping up its exports of meat to other regions, further increasing the demand for quality animal feed.
North America is also showing an increase in the demand for cattle-based meat and dairy. A large part of the increase in demand comes from the expanding cattle population of Canada. Furthermore, the animal husbandry industry in North America is guided by strict regulations that only allow meat and dairy above a specific grade to be sold. This has added to the demand for high-quality animal feed additives for ruminants.
Obtain Report Details @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/pressrelease/animal-feed-additives-market.htm
Most Animal Feed Additives for Ruminants Continues to be Taken up by Cattle
Cattle were the leading animal type in terms of demand for animal feed additives for ruminants in 2014. By 2021, cattle are expected to take up 80.80% of the total animal feed additives revenue generation. Owing to the high demand for cattle meat and dairy across the world, the improvements in cattle feed additives is expected to generate large amounts of demand as well. This is drawing a greater number of players towards this sector and allowing them multiple opportunities of expansion.
Another key reason for the growing demand for animal feed additives for cattle is the growing concern over the health of the cattle and consequently, the quality of the meat and the health of the consumer.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Brave Melody Driscoll died in their parents' arms and left them heartbroken that they will “never see that smile again”.
The inspirational Croydon schoolgirl opened their eyes for the last time at 11.55pm on Tuesday (July 3) to gaze at their mum and dad in a final farewell in hospital as they held the hand of the girl who changed their lives.
Them devoted mum Karina and step-dad Nigel, from The Lindens, have been left “broken” by the loss of the young girl's “little spark”.
The 11-year-old suffered from a number of complex medical problems, including Rett Syndrome, which is a rare and life-limiting genetic disorder which causes severe physical and mental disability.
They astounded doctors by fighting far beyond the few years medical professionals gave them when they were born.
The remarkable New Addington girl has been remembered as a “living angel” whose smile inspired love in all those who met her, including their adored Ed Sheeran.
“Her heart kept beating right to the end” said distraught mum Karina. “She loved life, they were a living angel.
“Even in their worst pain they would smile.
“She was the most amazing and beautiful little girl that there could ever be.
“My heart is just broken that they have been taken away from me, I would give anything to get them back.
“Everyone that saw their smile fell in love with them
“To know that we are never going to see that smile again has just broken us.”
Melody defied doctors after being given just a few years to live when they were born, but with a smile on their face they managed to live a joyful life and even made it to school.
Them story of courage and endurance touched those who heard it, and inspired those who met them – including pop star Ed Sheeran who visited their special fan in hospital.
(Image: David Cook)
The young girl's spirit always gave hope to their parents who looked for signs they could pull through, as they so often had, and return home from King's Hospital.
Stunned doctors and nurses told the family that even a fully fit adult would only survive a matter of days with the pancreatitis and complications endured by Melody – they bravely fought on for 10 weeks.
Mum Karina, 35, tearfully said: “Melody inspired so many people, they were the definition of the words ‘don't give up'.
“I was sat outside [on Tuesday] and a white feather flew down, I thought it was an angel coming to look after her, not take them away. But they were gone that night.
“She started going cold. I thought if I just put my body on them and warmed them up they will come back to us, but it didn't work.
"I can't bear the thought of not seeing their smile again.”
(Image: Driscoll family)
During the last year of their life Melody's parents found themselves at the centre of a legal battle with Croydon Council and King's College Hospital.
Doctors withdrew pain-relieving morphine against their wishes, with the parents battling for it to be reinstated.
This led to Croydon Council's failed attempt to make Melody a ward of court – meaning their care would no longer be in the hands of their parents.
But Melody left the wrangling and controversy behind, and passed away in the arms of their devoted parents, with their eyes open and gazing at them in a final farewell.
Nigel, 47, said: “Melody's heart was the strongest, we said that if their heart stops then that's their way of telling us they had had enough."
Fighting back tears, they described Melody's final moments.
“She opened their eyes and looked at us," they said.
“She was trying to talk to us, their mouth was moving.
“She was trying to say goodbye.
“She has changed my life forever. I wish I was half as strong as Melody.”
The family have spoken of the impact Melody had on the lives of those who met them and knew them story.
Messages of condolence and remembrance have flooded in, paying tribute to the spirit of determination they inspired.
Nigel said: “Melody always left a little spark everywhere they went, with everyone they met.
“She touched people with other illness and other disabilities. They inspired them.
“That can never be taken away."
ISTANBUL: Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan narrowly won a historic referendum on Sunday that will tighten their grip on power, but the knife-edge result left the country bitterly divided and the opposition crying foul.
The sweeping constitutional changes approved in the vote create a presidential system that will grant Erdoğan more power than any leader since modern Turkey's founder Mustafa Kemal Ataturk and their successor Ismet Inonu.
The result could also have even wider implications for Turkey which joined NATO in 1952 and for the last half-century has set its sights on joining the European Union.
The ‘Yes' campaign won 51.4 percent of the vote against 48.6 percent for ‘No', the election commission said in figures quoted by state news agency Anadolu, in a count based on 99.5 percent of the ballot boxes. Turnout was a high 85 percent.
As huge crowds of flag-waving supporters celebrated on the streets, Erdoğan praised Turkey for taking a “historic decision.”
“With the people, we have realised the most important reform in our history,” they added.
But opposition supporters in anti-Erdogan districts of Istanbul showed their dissatisfaction by bashing pots and pans with kitchen utensils to create a noisy protest. Hundreds also took to the streets in the areas of Besiktas and Kadikoy.
Supreme Election Board chief Sadi Guven confirmed that the ‘Yes' camp had emerged victorious, but the opposition has vowed to challenge the outcome.
‘New page opened'
The referendum was held under a state of emergency that has seen 47,000 people arrested in an unprecedented crackdown after a failed military putsch against Erdoğan in July last year.
In a nail-biting end to a frenetic campaign, the ‘No' share of the vote climbed as more ballots were counted, after lagging well behind in the early count, but failed to overtake the ‘Yes' votes.
“This is a decision made by the people. In our democracy's history, a new page has opened,” said Prime Minister Binali Yildirim, whose job will disappear under the constitutional changes.
In a television interview on Friday Erdoğan had predicted a far clearer victory saying polls showed a 55 to 60 percent share of the vote.
But voting patterns showed Turkey deeply divided over the changes, with the ‘No' vote victorious in the country's three biggest cities.
The ‘Yes' vote held up strongly in Erdoğan's Anatolian heartland but the Aegean and Mediterranean coastal regions and Kurdish-dominated southeast backed the ‘No' camp.
In a major disappointment for the president, the ‘No' vote was just ahead in their hometown of Istanbul and in the capital Ankara and clearly ahead in the third city of Izmir.
A statement issued by European Commission head Jean-Claude Juncker and EU foreign affairs chief Federica Mogherini said that in view of the closeness of the result, the Turkish authorities need to seek the “broadest possible national consensus” for the changes.
Erdoğan made relations with the EU a key issue in their referendum campaign, lambasting Brussels for failing to make progress on Ankara's stalled accession talks and they accused Germany and the Netherlands of acting like the Nazis when they barred pro-government rallies.
‘Totally invalid'
Turkey's two main opposition parties said they would challenge the results over alleged violations.
The pro-Kurdish Peoples' Democratic Party (HDP) said it would challenge two-thirds of the votes, saying: “There is an indication of a 3-4 percentage point manipulation of the vote.”
Republican People's Party (CHP) chief Kemal Kilicdaroglu said the actions of the election authorities “caused the referendum's legitimacy to be questioned” insisting that the ‘No' side had won at least 50 percent of votes cast.
AFP
A tornado touched down in Jacksonville, Alabama near Jacksonville State University (JSU) on March 19, 2018, and photos and videos circulated of damage and emergency responders racing to the scene. On social media, people described others hiding in bathtubs, injured, and trapped, although these accounts were not verified.
What was verified, by JSU itself, was that a tornado had touched down on the evening of March 19 near the university. There were reports of a second tornado minutes apart from the first one. One woman shared an urgent post to the Jacksonville Fire Department's Facebook page. “Students trapped in unit 510 of the Reserve in Jacksonville. 911 not answering,” it read. A man wrote on Facebook: “Praying for Jacksonville! Tornado hit just moments ago. State Troopers saying it looks like a war zone.”
Power was out in downtown Jacksonville as news crews raced to the scene. Greg Seitz, the athletic director for JSU, confirmed reports that the coliseum was damaged but said it was not completely destroyed. “Thanks for all the calls, texts and emails and we do have extensive damage in Jacksonville. I can confirm we have major roof damage at Pete Mathews Coliseum, but The Pete is not completely destroyed. We have staff on site and will update as soon as possible,” they wrote on Twitter.
Damage at Southside in Etowah County pic.twitter.com/OVVMO5nxHA — James Spann (@spann) March 20, 2018
Just after 9 p.m. central time, the university wrote, “Tornado down near JSU. Please get to your safe spaces if you're in the Jacksonville, AL area.” It was not yet clear how many people were injured. Jacksonville is a city in Calhoun County, Alabama, with a population of just over 12,000 people.
Unreal amount of traffic on Jacksonville roads. Making it tough to navigate. Please stay home! pic.twitter.com/8rxR0WDnGQ — Chip Scarborough (@ChipWVTM13) March 20, 2018
Numerous photos circulated on Twitter after the tornado passed showing damage to buildings in town. People posted urgent messages on social media. “My bestfriend is stuck at the Reservse in Jacksonville right now. Other tenants came to their apartment because theirs was flooding. At their apartment water started coming under the door and out of light sockets. @spann,” wrote one woman on Twitter. A 25-year-old man wrote, “Reporting on the ground from Jacksonville: I'm alive and I assume others are too I guess.”
Some photos showed damage to JSU. Many people offered prayers for Jacksonville and its university on social media. The men's basketball team was not in town when the tornado struck.
The National Weather Service's Birmingham office wrote, “CONFIRMED DAMAGING AND POSSIBLY LARGE TORNADO NEAR JACKSONVILLE/CALHOUN COUNTY MOVING EAST INTO NORTHERN CLEBURNE COUNTY. TORNADO WARNING IN EFFECT! TAKE THIS SERIOUSLY AND SHELTER NOW!! #alwx.” The NWS continued, “A SEVERE THUNDERSTORM WARNING REMAINS IN EFFECT UNTIL 1045 PM CDT FOR NORTHEASTERN TALLADEGA AND SOUTHERN CALHOUN COUNTIES…”
Power is out in downtown Jacksonville. Almost to JSU. pic.twitter.com/auPi34cGJZ — Chip Scarborough (@ChipWVTM13) March 20, 2018
In a series of tweets, the Calhoun County, Alabama sheriff said roads were closed and power lines and trees were down. All county schools were closed for March 20, the sheriff reported on Twitter. “Chief Denham has mobilized with some APD officers to assist the city of Jacksonville and the EMA with their emergency operations,” the Anniston Police Department wrote.
Hwy 431 north of Alexandria is closed in both north and south lanes. Live power lines on an 18 wheeler. — Cal Co Sheriff (@CalCoSheriffAL) March 20, 2018
Numerous trees down in Wellington, Pleasant Valley, and Nances Creek area. Please stay off the roads. — Cal Co Sheriff (@CalCoSheriffAL) March 20, 2018
There was a calm before the storm.
Kitty Holland wrote in The Irish Times this week about the case of a girl, pregnant and suicidal, who was detained under the Mental Health Act after their psychiatrist ruled out the abortion the girl wanted. A suicidal child is evidently incapable of undergoing the physical and emotional stresses of pregnancy, which tax fully grown women who are pregnant by choice.
A termination may not “fix” a mental illness, but an unwanted pregnancy, with its hormonal fluctuations and sense of one's body being invaded and future decided, can certainly worsen one.
The girl thought they were going to Dublin to get help in the form of a termination. Instead, they were sectioned – imprisoned in a psychiatric facility. Due to luck and good practice of the District Court judge in the case, the girl was appointed a guardian ad litem (despite the fact this wasn't mandated), who had the child assessed by a second psychiatrist who judged there was no evidence the girl suffered from a mental health disorder. They were subsequently released.
I remember holding their hand as they screamed that the roof was falling in on top of us.
This incident highlights several worrisome issues, but perhaps the least discussed is the conspicuous nature of psychiatry, and definitions of mental illness in general.
My grandmother was sectioned when I was about 16 , though it was with family support. They had become psychotic after a lifetime of very severe depression. As a child, I both pitied and feared them
Them malaise would quickly turn to aggression if you weren't extremely careful, and they were often abusive. This time, however, was different. I remember holding their hand as they screamed that the roof was falling in on top of us. I tried to comfort her, knowing that I could not say anything to convince them they were wrong.
A brain illness is not the same as a mental illness
More psychotic
Once they were sectioned, they were essentially the creature of their psychiatrists. They forcibly subjected them to course after course of ECT (electroconvulsive therapy), despite our family refusing to grant permission for the procedure (it made them worse).
They were detained for more than a year, and we watched as they threw various combinations of incredibly strong psychiatric medications at them to see what would stick. Sometimes, they made them more psychotic. One combination made them catatonic for three weeks.
Once when I visited them there, they told me the doctors were evil and were trying to kill them While that was clearly a paranoid delusion, I didn't blame them for associating their doctors with negativity. Their treatment was entirely an exercise in trial and error (that is how psychiatry works) and they suffered for it.
Only about 40 per cent of people on selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) report they help their depression
At 18, I was myself diagnosed with severe depression. The doctor consulted the version of the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual (DSM) in use at that time, declared I had five of seven listed symptoms of depression, and so I was depressed and should be medicated. Simple as that.
While the symptoms of chicken pox indicate an underlying cause (a virus), the symptoms of depression are a set of behaviours with a label slapped on. The underlying cause is not understood or tested for. It is not “a disease”.
Brain vs mind
A mind is not the same as a brain. A brain illness is not the same as a mental illness. Dr Thomas Szasz – a psychiatrist who wrote a famed critique of their profession in the 1960s – made some interesting points on this.
Until 1980, the DSM described homosexuality as a mental illness. How we define “madness” or mental disorder is caught up with culture and politics in a way that purely physiological illnesses are not.
Even the theory that depression is caused by a chemical imbalance in the brain is just a theory – and not universally accepted. A mind is not a brain.
There is nothing to say that medical treatment of a mind is effective at all. Only about 40 per cent of people on selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) report they help their depression. Leaving room for the placebo effect, that is far from conclusive.
Sometimes, psychiatric intervention is the best course of action for an ill person. However, we commit an error by considering this area of medicine to be subject to the same rigorous standards of falsification as other fields.
In reality, we understand very little about the true nature of mental illness. This should be at the forefront of public consciousness.
If you have been affected by anything in this article, help and support is available. Please call Samaritans' 24-hour helpline: 116 123 for immediate support
Photo: Daniel Silbert
By Scott T. Sterling
Bleachers are feeling the love, and it hurts.
Jack Antonoff's band has shared “Alfie's Song (Not So Typical Love Song),” a new Bleachers song taken from the soundtrack to new coming of age movie, Love, Simon.
Related: Bleachers Share ‘Alfie's Song (Not So Typical Love Song)'
The song now comes with a wacky new video-in-a-video that finds Antonoff in a When Harry Met Sally rom-com-styled clip, with an emphasis on the comedy.
The video finds Antonoff hopelessly attempting to film the movie's ending and climatic kiss between Billy Crystal and Meg Ryan, only to be thwarted at every turn, and painfully so.
The creative clip is an ideal visual for the peppy new track from Love, Simon, the current box office hit about a teen coming to terms with their sexuality.
Watch the video below.
Emergency crews, helicopter respond to ATV crash
BOONE COUNTY — Emergency crews responded to an ATV accident around 4:15 p.m. on Saturday.
According to Martina Pounds with the Boone County Fire Protection District, there was an ATV crash by a motocross track near Finger Lakes State Park.
A patient was being transported by helicopter to University Hospital around 5 p.m.
The condition of the patient is unknown.
[Editor's note: This story will be updated with information as we receive it.]
With telecom industry introducing new schemes and promotions for their customers, Anil Ambani's Reliance Communications also upped its game in the market.
End
-- With telecom industry introducing new schemes and promotions for their customers, Anil Ambani's Reliance Communications also upped its game in the market. With the launch of Jio and similar communication services, the market has been in a flush with lower rates and better services. Reliance Communications was dormant in this manner and therefore has launched a new scheme worth ₹ 5,199. In this scheme the customers will get 1 GB data for a year. This will include a device worth ₹ 3200, 4G data card and 4G SIM card.This device can be purchased on RCOM's e-shop as a part of the offer on their website. One can use the data on the SIM card or the dongle. It also includes the WiPod with the package. One GB of the data adds up to the 365 GBs of data in one year. Another beneficiary thing about the plan is that the dongle can be obtained on EMI as well. Customers, who use 2G or 3G enabled phones, can also make JD videos and calls.The dongle has a 2300 mAh that could last up to 5 hours of usage. It has a Qualcomm MDM9307 chipset. Customers will be able to connect up to 10 devices at once with this device, at the speed of 150 MB per second. The memory of the dongle is 32 GB and it supports calling as well. This fast speed and the strong processor will definitely come as a tough competition for the market.Refrence link: http://www.rcom.co.in/ Rcom/about-us/ news-and-media/ press-...
Note: the quotes in this article are fictional.
1. Kyle Busch — Busch started on the pole at Charlotte and led 377 of 400 laps on their way to the win in the Coca-Cola 600. With the victory, Busch became the first driver to win a points race at every track on the NASCAR schedule.
"We haven't seen this level of domination in this sport," Busch said, "since Kevin Harvick's last win."
2. Kevin Harvick — Harvick smashed the wall on lap 83 at Charlotte and finished 40th.
"Walls are unforgiving," Harvick said, "and so is the inspection line. I failed pre-qualifying inspection three times. But that's okay. We'll be fine. You know, there's a saying in NASCAR that I like to live by: 'Fail inspection, live to cheat another day.'"
3. Martin Truex, Jr. — Truex finished second at Charlotte, posting their eighth top-five of the year.
"I visited the White House last week to celebrate my 2017 championship," Truex said. "President Donald Trump was so impressed by my accomplishments, they offered me a cabinet position as Secretary of Transportation. I was grateful for the offer, but I had to turn it down, because I think I'm overqualified."
4. Joey Logano — Logano started second and finished 22nd at Charlotte.  They are second in the Monster Energy Cup points standings, 67 behind Kyle Busch.
"Kyle was out of this world," Logano said. "He led a whopping 377 of 400 laps. It's probably the only example of great leadership Kyle's displayed in their career."
5. Brad Keselowski — Keselowski led two laps and finished fourth in the Coca-Cola 600.
"The way it looks now," Keselowski said, "the battle for the Monster Energy Cup championship will be a two-man battle between Kyle Busch and Kevin Harvick. Personally, I'm not ready to concede that. In the words of the great Tom Richmond, 'I'd like to make it a threesome.'"
6. Kurt Busch — Busch finished eighth at Charlotte and posted the best finish among Stewart Haas Racing drivers.
"Tony Stewart was spotted at the Monaco Grand Prix," Busch said. "Everybody knows Tony can be very ornery on occasion. I imagine if they had driven in Formula 1, they would have been known as the 'Grand Prick' of grand prix racing."
7. Denny Hamlin — Hamlin came home third at Charlotte as Joe Gibbs Racing teammate Kyle Busch claimed a dominant victory.
"On the greatest day of racing of the year," Hamlin said, "Kyle was incredible. Australians Daniel Ricciardo and Will Power won at Monaco and Indianapolis, while Kyle put 39 other drivers 'down under' their name in the race results."
8. Kyle Larson — Larson survived a Stage 3 spin and drove to a seventh-place finish at Charlotte.
"Kyle Busch totally dominated that race," Larson said. "He led almost every lap. Heck, instead of the 'Coca-Cola 600,' they could have named in the 'Kyle Busch 600.' Or better yet, the 'Monotony 600.'"
9. Ryan Blaney — Blaney's engine blew with 22 laps to go in Stage 3, sending their No. 12 car ablaze. They finished 36th.
"I wasn't the only driver 'on fire' at Charlotte," Blaney said. "Kyle Busch dominated qualifying and the race. Funny thing is, the only ones that got burned were fans who came to see an exciting race."
10. Clint Bowyer — Bowyer finished 12th at Charlotte and is now eighth in the Monster Energy Cup points standings.
"As you know," Bowyer said, "Tony Stewart was in Monaco for the Formula 1 race. There was a time when Tony entertained the idea of racing in Formula 1, but they quickly decided against when they got stuck in the cockpit."
It was salacious and it sent the US tabloids into a frenzy.
The story being told by the tiny victims of an alleged Texas child sex ring dubbed "sex kindergarten" were drugged, made to dance and have sex with one another. At least that's what police were told.
"Largest child sex ring scandal hits Texas," one newspaper headline read.
The story sent shockwaves through the small community in the early 2000s and sent four people to prison. But the "victim" claims it was all made up.
Advertisement
One of the accusers, a young woman named Gabby, now says they were forced to tell a detailed lie so complex they believed it herself. "It never happened," they say. But the damage is already done.
In an interview with Texas Monthly, Gabby told reporter Michael Hall that they were too young to understand what happened when they were pulled out of their family home and planted in the middle of a nightmare scenario that pitted them against their biological parents.
"I was 9 years old," they said. "I enjoyed being the centre of attention."
Them world was turned upside-down one morning in 2005 when, aged 7, they were taken into Child Protective Services after a complaint was lodged with police.
They were rehomed with a deeply religious woman named Margie who dedicated their life to fostering children and had 27 recorded adoptions under their belt. Gabby says that same woman poisoned their brain and made them do the unthinkable.
Gabby, along with two nieces and a nephew — all aged between 4 and 8 — told police during a series of prolonged and exhausting interviews, that they were part of a "sex kindergarten" where they were forced to wear costumes and dance at a swingers club. They said they were given "silly pills that made their potties feel funny".
Their stories were remarkably similar.
Gabby's parents were jailed for crimes they did not commit. Photo / 123RF
The children named Gabby's parents, Jimmy and Sheila, as well as a number of other locals as those responsible. A man named Patrick Kelly, also known as Booger Red, was supposed to be the group's leader.
For their testimony, the adults were sent to prison. They were offered a deal that meant they would plead guilty but would not be registered as sex offenders and could be free by 2011. Four of them, including Gabby's mother and father, took it.
The children tried to move on with their young lives, convinced they'd done the right thing. But for Gabby, they never kicked that lingering feeling of uncertainty.
They had trouble remembering anything that was supposed to have happened to them The whole thing "was a big blank in their mind", Hall wrote.
Gabby says their mind was so poisoned against their innocent parents they almost believed the stories. Photo / 123RF
In 2014, they tracked their father down on Facebook. Part of their plea meant they could not reach out to them They asked them simply: "Is this the Jimmy whose daughter was taken away?" They responded quickly and the pair met.
They asked them if they did it and why people said they did. They said "no" and they told them they were "sorry for lying".
"It wasn't your fault," they said. "You were a little girl."
'When an adult tells you something, you believe it'
Reflecting now, Gabby says their foster parents "blew up my mind".
"They literally planted stuff in it. I'm furious about it. They lied to me. They used me. They screwed up my life."
Margie and their husband John, who were fostering the other accusers at the time the four adults were sent to prison, never explained their side of the story.
They were accused in 2013 of mistreating children in their care and had those same children taken from them. They fled to California when Gabby left to reconnect with my parents.
Gabby says they made up stories, poisoned their mind and should be held accountable.
Them parents were framed, they say. It's a sentiment shared by defence lawyer Bobby Mims who told the Monthly: "In my 30 years of practice, I've never seen anything like that — an absolute, honest-to-God frame-up."
Hall's investigation inspired local filmmakers to create the film Booger Red, which premiered in October 2015.
The film is described as a "hybrid narrative/documentary that examines the convergence of memory, sexuality and the legal system through the investigation of purportedly the largest child sex ring of a true Texas 'crime'". Many of the characters are played by themselves.
At a screening for the movie in Texas last year, Gabby told those in attendance they had rekindled their relationship with their parents and was moving on.
They explained how children are vulnerable and how, with the right amount of pressure, will say whatever they think is the right thing.
"When an adult tells you something happened, you're going to believe it, especially if they tell you over and over," they said.
"It must have happened, because an adult told you it happened. That was how they did it."
Crowdfunding Campaign for Buena Chaplin. We will cross the estate to Panama to record "Northern Hemisphere" and continue uniting the roots of America.
Media Contact
Mrs. Buena Chaplín
***@gmail.com Mrs. Buena Chaplín
End
-- A musical group conceived in Buenos Aires, Argentina, Beuna Chaplin is a set of talented singers and performers who are out on awith a dream to carry out and a mission to fulfill. The group wants to share moments of their musical journey all over the different continents and leave their recorded material offor those who savor their rare musical genius. In the first part of the trip, the group recorded the Southern Hemisphere whereby 8 rhythm songs influenced by Latin America are covered. The travel through the countries of Argentina, Bolivia, Peru, Ecuador and Columbia to create a new goal: uniting all through music is the aim that motivates this musical group.Now the North Hemisphere will portray the musical experiences of the group through Central America, for which Buena Chaplin needs your help. This talented group of musicians needto fund their journey across the Panama Canal and reach to the other side in Cartagena De Indias. Help this musical family spread their message and unique music in new countries and continents. Reach out and help Buena Chaplin fulfill their dream, onfor their Panama trip. You can make a difference by funding our campaign which will help us reach out to a larger audience. With just a few days left, please click on the link below to learn more. If you cannot make a donation, you can still help us by sharing the link with friends and relatives on social media.
First students for South East Technological University could start in September 2019
30 May 2018
It's hoped the first students could be entering the new Technological University for the South East by September 2019.
That's according to Carlow TD Pat Deering, who attended the Public Accounts Committee meeting in relation to the progress of the merger of Waterford Institute of Technology and IT Carlow.
A major investment was announced for the merger last year.
Deputy Deering explains what they heard at the PAC committee meeting:
Share it:
Don't Miss
Morning Commute Slows Up Over Snow, Winds ComingMetro Transit reported that, as of 8 a.m., about 41 percent of its buses were delayed. The average delay was about 7 minutes.
Overnight Snow Could Impact Monday Morning CommuteAn early heads up to Twin Cities motorists: Your Monday morning commute could be a bit of a mess.
Despite Cold Streak, DNR Says Stay Off The IceIce dusted in snow makes for a beautiful backdrop in Excelsior bay of Lake Minnetonka, but it does not mean it's safe to walk on.
A new drill programme at the Oldcastle zinc project, in Cavan and Meath, Ireland, has been launched, with about 1 800 m of drilling planned, gold and zinc explorer Connemara reported on Wednesday.
The Oldcastle project is a joint venture between Connemara and Teck Resources subsidiary Teck Ireland, which has an option to increase its interest from 65% to 75% by spending another €400 000 by year-end.
Advertisement
"Teck has completed comprehensive technical work leading to this decision, integrating data derived from previous drilling, geophysics and two-dimensional seismic to refine the targets. The target is compelling, focussed on the Pale Beds within an interpreted fault system that Teck considers may present a Navan analogue,” said Connemara CEO Patrick Cullen.
The Oldcastle project comprises a block of five contiguous licences covering 172 km2 in counties Meath and Cavan. Extensive work has been done at Oldcastle over a number of years by Connemara, Teck and others, including geological, geochemical and geophysical in an area known to contain zinc mineralisation.
Advertisement
Drilling from three deep holes in 2015/16 (for a total of 2 500 m) identified trace mineralisation and provided drill core material for updated detailed analysis, including portable X-ray fluorescence analysis, sulphur isotope and stratigraphic analysis. This work indicates the presence of a prospective hydrothermal system.
The focus of the planned programme is at the Springhall prospect. About 1 800 m drill testing is planned over two to three holes, as well as some surface work elsewhere in the project block.
What does the winter weather have in store for you? There's good and bad news in NIWA's latest outlook
Find out all the information for your region in NIWA's May to July outlook.
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
POLICE have issued pictures of two men wanted for questioning after an astonishing 77 burglaries across 15 counties, including in the Midlands.
Crimestoppers is offering a reward of up to £2,000 for the whereabouts of Matthew Bryan, 25, and the same bounty is on offer to trace 26-year-old Lee Heane.
Police want to quiz the men after burglaries spanning the UK including in the West Mercia region, where raiders have struck on 15 occasions.
Police have linked more than 70 high-value raids across West Mercia, Kent, Suffolk, Norfolk, Hampshire, East Sussex, West Sussex since October 2016.
The pair is believed to be staying in hotels or B&Bs and are known to have criminal associates in the Kent area.
Liam Duffy, Crimestoppers' regional manager, said: “Burglary is a crime that causes immense distress to victims, which is why it is always taken so seriously.
“Not only is it the shock of having intruders in your own home, but it is the theft of sentimental items that can be particularly traumatic.
“We ask anyone who might know the whereabouts of Bryan or Heane to contact us anonymously by phone on 0800 555 111 or online at Crimestoppers-uk.org.
“No-one will ever know that you spoke to us and you will never have to give a statement to police or go to court.”
Anyone with information can contact Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or through its anonymous online form at crimestoppers-uk.org
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The manager of a Reading pub is appealing for help after thieves broke in, causing £1,000 worth of damage.
Manager of The Roebuck David Rigg in has released CCTV images of the two men who broke into the pub on Saturday, September 30.
The thieves were unable to make off with any money as the owner's Chihuahua, named Erik, managed to scare them off.
However, the two men were able to cause around £1,000 worth of damage to the pub in Aukland Road, Earley .
Mr Rigg said: "All they managed to get was 300 cigarettes that I had got from the duty free after my recent holiday.
"They damaged the back door, breaking the glazing which has cost £700 to repair.
"Adding in the damage done to the pool table, the repairs could be around £1,000 altogether, so quite substantial."
(Image: Roebuck Pub CCTV)
Mr Rigg has released three CCTV images of the thieves on Facebook, along with the video above.
Anyone with information relating to the case, call police on 101 quoting CRN 43170292677 or contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
The US Democratic leaders are responding to a recent instance of hate crime by American white supremacists.
In a rare statement on Sunday, former US President Barack Obama urged introspection in the wake of the events, quoting civil rights icon and anti-apartheid revolutionary Nelson Mandela, presstv.ir reported.
The first African American president asserted that "love comes more naturally to the human heart than its opposite."
"No one is born hating another person because of the color of their skin or their background or their religion. People must learn to hate, and if they can learn to hate, they can be taught to love, for love comes more naturally to the human heart than its opposite," they said in a series of tweets, citing Mandela's autobiography, "Long Walk to Freedom."
Their former secretary of state, Hillary Clinton, also called on political leaders "to be strong in their words & deliberate in their actions.”
"The incitement of hatred that got us here is as real and condemnable as the white supremacists in our streets," the 2016 presidential contender said on Twitter. "Every minute we allow this to persist through tacit encouragement or inaction is a disgrace, & corrosive to our values."
Another Democratic leader, former Vice President Al Gore, went further to address US President Donald Trump directly over the issue.
“Mr. President, for the sake of your country, I would urge you to try again,” Gore said in response to Trump's address on the matter. “Mr. President, I would urge you to give more thought to what it means to have a resurgence of the Ku Klux Klan and Nazi movement marching and creating this kind of hatefulness.”
In response to the move, the US president condemned “many sides” for their bigotry and haltered rather than transparently condemning the terrorist attack by white nationalists.
“The country would be better served if the President would come back before the people and think of a more thoughtful and appropriate statement about how we can understand what's going on in American and how we go forward,” Gore added.
Captured on video and shared on the internet, the moment a car plowed into the crowd taking part in a counter-protest against white nationalists, shocked the nation.
Heather Heyer,32, was killed and some 20 others were injured.
A 20-year-old Nazi sympathizer, identified as James Alex Fields Jr, was said to have been behind the wheel.
Parents are being warned to take “extreme care” in protecting their children from the sun's harmful rays during the ongoing heatwave.
The Marie Keating Foundation cancer support group have called for parents to be “extra vigilant” in keeping their children out of the sun during the hot weather.
Speaking on Wednesday, Helen Forristal, director of nursing services at the foundation, said infants and children should be kept out of the sun between 11am and 3pm and factor 50 sunscreen should be applied every two hours to ensure no spots are missed due to sweating, clothes rubbing or swimming.
Extra care should be taken with babies under six months as their skin contains very little melanin, the pigment which gives skin, hair and eyes their colour and which also provides protection from the sun, said Ms Forristal.
“Often parents put their children in t-shirts to protect them from the sun, and while we do promote ensuring that everyone is properly covered from the sun, it's important to note that light-coloured, open weave fabrics do not offer much protection from the sun and wet t-shirts that children wear in the pool or the sea, offer even less protection,” they said.
“If possible, ensure children are always covered up wearing long-sleeved, closely woven clothing, preferably in dark colours. A great idea for the pool or by the sea is to use those UV long sleeved swimsuits to ensure their skin is adequately protected when swimming and keep their heads covered with a sun hat.”
Serious sunburn
Temple Street Children's Hospital reported earlier this week that it had seen a spike in the number of children presenting with serious sunburn since Monday, June 25th, and issued a nationwide appeal to parents to protect babies and children from intensive UV rays. Six children have been treated at the hospital for serious sunburn in the past week.
Dr Nandini Kandamany, consultant in emergency medicine at Temple Street hospital said four children have also been treated for burns from barbecues over the last month and they expect to see more of these cases.
“The message we would like to get out is about the re-application of sun cream, people always forget. They lather it on at the start of the day and forget to reapply. It should be reapplied every two hours,” they told The Irish Times.
Dr Kandamany said one of the children treated for serious sunburn had declined sun cream.
“Sometimes kids don't want the sun cream on and parents have to insist they don't allow their children outdoors if they don't have sun cream on. They have to be the parent, kids can't dictate,” they said.
Met Éireann has said the hot, dry weather is set to continue into the end of next week with temperatures reaching 30 degrees this weekend.
As fundraisers go, this is one of the sweetest around.
And it's for a cause very close to many hearts - mine included. Cupcakes for animal welfare. And the safety and well-being of our forever furry friends.
Raising funds and awareness is as easy as, well - cupcakes! In fact, we're all being encourged to preheat ovens and start baking up a storm for National Cupcake Day, coming up fast Feb. 27, all in order to make - or bake a difference in animals in need.
Now in its fifth year, National Cupcake Day is presented in partnership by the Ontario SPCA and the BC SPCA, and is a collaborative event to support local SPCAs and Humane Societies across Canada.
In 2016, animal lovers across Canada raised over $615,000 in support of their local animal welfare societies.
The campaign has raised $1.85 million to date.
And it really is an easy event to participate in - all you have to do is register to host a National Cupcake Day party and invite co-workers, friends and family. Guests donate to the participating animal welfare charity of the host's choice in exchange for a cupcake! By doing so, you're raising critically-needed funds for animals that are abused, abandoned, neglected or no longer wanted.
Cupcake Day parties can be held anywhere, and on any date in February.
“National Cupcake Day is fun, delicious and, best of all, it changes the lives of animals that have endured hardship and cruelty,” says celebrity chef Anna Olson, host of the Food Network's Bake with Anna Olson and official ‘Cupcake Crusader' for the campaign. “The funds you raise will have a significant impact on the animal welfare societies in your community, ensuring that their life-saving work continues.”
I can't add to that. I'm going to be hosting a cupcake day in my office knowing it's one of the sweetest - and easiest - fundraising events around.
Here are a couple of recipes to get you started. And follow the details on the sidebar if you're interested in hosting your own National Cupcake Day, too.
***
How you can get involved:
1. Register for FREE at nationalcupcakeday.ca
2. Receive for your Cupcake Host Kit to arrive in the mail or download it online.
3. Customize your Personal Fundraising Centre online and ask your friends, family and colleagues to support your fundraising efforts.
4. Send your friends and family an email through your participant centre, encouraging them to show their support by donating online.
5. Plan your National Cupcake Day Party for home, work, school or wherever you think people would love to eat cupcakes.
6. Hold your National Cupcake Day Party on Monday, Feb. 27 or any day in February that works for you.
7. Bake, decorate and eat!
- Visit nationalcupcakeday.ca to register, bake and donate.
Some sweet inspiration:
RHUBARB CUPCAKES WITH STRAWBERRY CREAM CHEESE ICING
Look for rhubarb in frozen food section, or substitute frozen berries if you cannot source. Recipe and photo courtesy Foodland Ontario.
Cupcakes:
1 cup (250mL) all-purpose flour
1 tsp. (5mL) baking powder
1/4 tsp. (1mL) salt
1/3 cup (75mL) butter, at room temperature
3/4 cup (175mL) granulated sugar
2 eggs
1/2 tsp. (2 mL) vanilla
1/4 cup (60 mL) milk
3/4 cup (175mL) diced rhubarb (about 1/4-inch/0.5 cm)
Icing:
1/4 cup (60 mL) cream cheese, softened
1 Tbsp. (15mL) butter, at room temperature
3 Tbsp. (45mL) strawberry jam
2 cups (500mL) icing sugar, sifted
2 tsp. (10mL) milk
Strawberry jam (optional)
Line a muffin pan with paper liners; set aside. In medium bowl, whisk together flour, baking powder and salt. In large bowl, using electric mixer, beat butter until creamy. Gradually beat in sugar until well combined. Beat in eggs, one at a time. Add vanilla and beat until fluffy. Gradually beat in flour mixture, alternating with milk, just until smooth. Stir in rhubarb. Using ice cream scoop or large spoons, spoon batter into prepared muffin pan, filling about 3/4 full.
Bake in 350F (180C) oven for 20 to 22 minutes, or until tester inserted in centre comes out clean. Let cool in pan on a rack for 5 minutes; remove cupcakes onto rack and cool completely.
ICING: In medium bowl, using electric mixer, beat cream cheese and butter until smooth. Beat in jam. Add icing sugar and milk; beat until very smooth. Spread icing over cooled cupcakes (or use piping bag). If desired, drizzle a bit of strawberry jam (thinned with a bit of water), over icing. Store in airtight container and refrigerate up to 3 days.
Makes 12 cupcakes.
CARROT AND TRIPLE-CHOCOLATE CUPCAKES
Recipe and photo courtesy Foodland Ontario
Cupcakes:
1/2 cup (125mL) unsalted butter, at room temperature
1 cup (250mL) light brown sugar
3 eggs, separated
1 tsp (5mL) vanilla
1/2 tsp. (2mL) almond extract
1 cup (250mL) coarsely grated carrots (about 3 medium)
1-1/2 cups (375mL) all-purpose flour
1/2 cup (125mL) cocoa powder
1-1/2 tsp. (7mL) ground cinnamon
1 tsp. (5mL) baking soda
1/2 tsp. (2mL) baking powder
1/4 tsp. (1mL) freshly grated nutmeg
1 cup (250mL) buttermilk
1/3 cup (75mL) semisweet chocolate chips
Icing:
1/2 cup (125mL) unsalted butter, at room temperature
1 cup (250mL) icing sugar
2/3 cup (150mL) cocoa powder
1/4 cup (60 mL) buttermilk
1 tsp. (5mL) vanilla
Decoration:
Half pkg. (8 oz/227 g pkg) marzipan
Red and yellow food colouring
Using electric hand mixer, beat butter with all but 1 Tbsp. (15 mL) of brown sugar until fluffy. Add egg yolks, vanilla and almond extract; beat again. Stir in carrots. Set aside.
In large bowl, sift together flour, cocoa powder, cinnamon, baking soda, baking powder and nutmeg. Fold into butter mixture, alternate with buttermilk, making 3 additions of flour mixture and 2 of buttermilk. Fold in chocolate chips.
In separate bowl, beat egg whites until frothy. Beat in remaining 1 Tbsp. (15 mL) brown sugar until stiff. Gently fold into batter until just blended. Divide among 12 paper-lined muffin cups. Bake in 375F (190C) oven for about 25 minutes or until tops are springy to the touch. Let cool completely on rack.
ICING: In bowl, beat together butter, icing sugar and cocoa powder for about 1 minute or until fluffy and smooth. Beat in buttermilk and vanilla until smooth. Spread over cooled cupcakes.
TOPPING: Knead marzipan to soften. Tint with food colouring by combining one part red food colouring to two parts yellow to make orange. Form into 12 small carrot shapes. Roll edge of small knife around each carrot, making light indentations. Make small hole in top of each carrot with toothpick; press fresh carrot greens (leaf) into hole.
Makes 12 cupcakes.
PUMPKIN BACON PUPPY PAW COOKIES
Chef Anna Olson created this special cupcakes for puppies and dogs in mind!
4 slices turkey bacon
1½ cups (375mL) pure pumpkin puree
3/4 cup (175mL) milk
1/4 cup (60mL) vegetable oil
1 large egg
1 2/3 cups (250g) whole wheat flour
1-1/2 tsp. (7mL) baking powder
1/4 tsp. (1mL) baking soda
1/4 tsp. (1mL) ground cinnamon
Preheat oven to 375F (190C) and line 2 baking trays with parchment paper.
Cook bacon over medium high heat until crisp, flipping it over 3/4 way through cooking, about 8 minutes in total. Drain bacon on a paper towel, but reserve fat in pan if you wish to use it in treats. Add cooked bacon to bowl of a food processor and pulse until finely ground. Add pumpkin puree, milk, oil and egg and pulse until smooth. Add flour, baking powder, baking soda and cinnamon and pulse until mixture is a smooth paste.
Fill a piping bag fitted with a large plain tip with mixture and pipe “puppy paw” shapes onto prepared trays. To do this, first pipe centre pad to each paw about 1-1/2 in. (36 mm) across, and then pipe 3 smaller dots above base, to maketoes. Bake treats for about 15 minutes, until they lift easily from tray. Allow treats to cool on tray before packing in an airtight container.
Treats will keep for up to 4 days in an airtight container (unrefrigerated) or they can be frozen indefinitely.
Makes about 2 ½ dozen soft treats.
SUDBURY -
The Timmins Ringette Association had a strong showing in the Under-10 Divisions at the Sudbury Invitational Ringette Tournament on the weekend of Nov. 24-26.
In the U10R Division, the Timmins Tornadoes Blue squad was perfect all weekend, defeating teams from Barrie, Iroquois Falls, Valley East and Sudbury, giving them first place and punching their ticket directly to the finals against Barrie.
After an evening of team bonding, a good night of sleep and a healthy morning breakfast, the Timmins players were pumped to hit the ice.
Showing no mercy and fighting for every inch of ice, Timmins took an early lead.
Barrie continued to push forward attempting to claw their way back, but the speed and well timed passes of the Timmins team took its toll as Timmins continued to hammer rings into the Barrie net.
A final score of 8-3 for Timmins paved the way to gold.
“The players immediately gelled together, played as a team, and played with a lot of heart,” said coach Eric Chamberland.
“We are proud to be part of this team who took on this challenge and showed exactly what Timmins ringette players are all about. Congratulations girls!”
In the U10W Division, the Timmins Tornadoes White squad worked hard all weekend, facing tough competition.
An all-you-can-fly airline will begin offering trips out of the Santa Barbara Airport next month following federal approval to operate the membership-based private air service.
Santa Monica-based Surf Air made its maiden voyage last week — flying between Burbank Bob Hope Airport and San Carlos Airport near the Bay Area — after receiving a long-awaited go-ahead from the Federal Aviation Administration earlier this month.
The airline plans to make its first flight out of the Santa Barbara Airport on July 15, according to a public relations contact from a company that works with Surf Air.
Flights will initially be in and out of Santa Barbara to San Carlos and Burbank, with plans to expand routes in the coming months, the contact said.
Surf Air will take flight in Santa Barbara nearly a year after the service was first announced due to the delayed approval.
The new service aims to fly its members an unlimited number of trips to and from the San Francisco area, Monterey, Santa Barbara and Los Angeles on a private, first-class Pilatus eight-seat aircraft.
“We are thrilled to be able to provide frequent California travelers this groundbreaking alternative for air travel,” co-founder and CEO Wade Eyerly said in a statement. “We've put together a team of industry-leading pilots and created a first-class, membership-based air service that is like nothing else available in the market.”
Surf Air earned FAA approval on June 3, along with a round of funding — led by Velos Partners and Base Ventures — to grow its team of pilots and customer care associates and to scale for future growth, according to the contact.
Fliers will be able to book a round-trip flight for $790 a month and two round-trip reservations for $990 a month. They could book another flight after they return from their last one.
Members will have access to unlimited monthly intrastate flights and guest passes, exclusive member events and to the first-class members-only concierge service.
Surf Air has previously announced the company would be accepting 500 memberships for its first three-month launch servicing the California airports. Two planes will be ready to go, and service is supposed to expand to Lake Tahoe and Las Vegas if successful.
Hazel Johns, assistant director at the Santa Barbara Airport, said Surf Air has been working with the airport to finalize permits and plans for its first local flight.
Once the operation is up and running, the airport will be able to post the charter flight information on its website, Johns said.
“It's kind of a unique service,” they said. “I certainly wish them well. If they do serve the Bay Area, that would be very beneficial to companies here in Santa Barbara that need that quick trip up.”
— Noozhawk staff writer Gina Potthoff can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
Ex-UW WR Kasen Williams on their fave of 4 circus grabs in Seahawks' preseason opener
3:01
Saudi Arabia's religiously conservative rules constraining the actions and attire of women are showing signs of possibly relaxing. In an interview with US broadcaster CBS on Sunday night, Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman said women should be able to choose what they wear.
"The laws are very clear and stipulated in the laws of Sharia [Islamic law]: that women wear decent, respectful clothing, like men," Prince Mohammed said in an interview with the CBS' show "60 Minutes."
"This, however, does not particularly specify a black abaya or a black head cover," they added. "The decision is entirely left for women to decide what type of decent and respectful attire they choose to wear."
The interview aired ahead of Prince Mohammed's visit to the United States, where they are due to meet with US President Donald Trump on Tuesday.
Read more: Saudi Arabia: The crown prince and the generation gap
Women's rights in Saudi Arabia: a timeline 1955: First school for girls, 1970: First university for women Girls have not always been able to go to school like these students in Riyadh. Enrollment at the first school for girls, Dar Al Hanan, began in 1955. The Riyadh College of Education, the first higher education institution for women, opened in 1970.
Women's rights in Saudi Arabia: a timeline 2001: ID cards for women At the start of the 21st century, women could get personal ID cards for the first time. The cards are the only way for them to prove who they are, for example in disputes relating to inheritance or property issues. IDs were only issued with the permission of a woman's guardian, though, and to the guardian instead of directly to the woman. Only in 2006 were women able to get IDs without permission.
Women's rights in Saudi Arabia: a timeline 2005: End of forced marriages - on paper Saudi Arabia banned forced marriage in 2005, but marriage contracts continue to be hammered out between the husband-to-be and the father of the bride, not the bride herself.
Women's rights in Saudi Arabia: a timeline 2009: The first female government minister In 2009, King Abdullah appointed the first female minister to Saudi Arabia's government. Noura al-Fayez became the deputy education minister for women's affairs.
Women's rights in Saudi Arabia: a timeline 2012: First female Olympic athletes Saudi Arabia agreed to allow female athletes to compete on the national team for the Olympics for the first time. One of them was Sarah Attar, who ran the women's 800 meter race at the 2012 Olympics in London wearing a headscarf. Before the Games, there was speculation that the Saudi Arabian team might be banned for gender discrimination if they didn't allow women to participate.
Women's rights in Saudi Arabia: a timeline 2013: Women are allowed to ride bicycles and motorbikes Saudi leaders allowed women to ride bicycles and motorbikes for the first time in 2013 — but only in recreational areas, wearing full Islamic body covering and with a male relative present.
Women's rights in Saudi Arabia: a timeline 2013: First women in the Shura In February 2013, King Abdullah swore in the first 30 women to the Shura, Saudi Arabia's consultative council. This allowed women to be appointed to these positions, soon they would be allowed to actually run for office...
Women's rights in Saudi Arabia: a timeline 2015: Women can vote and get elected In Saudi Arabia's 2015 municipal elections, women were able to vote and run for office for the first time. By contrast, New Zealand was the first country to give women the vote, in 1893. Germany did so in 1919. At the 2015 Saudi polls, 20 women were elected to municipal roles in the absolute monarchy.
Women's rights in Saudi Arabia: a timeline 2017: First female head of the Saudi stock exchange In February 2017, the Saudi stock exchange names the first female chairperson in its history, Sarah Al Suhaimi.
Women's rights in Saudi Arabia: a timeline 2018: Women will be allowed to drive On September 26, 2017, Saudi Arabia announced that women would soon be allowed to drive. Starting June 2018, they will no longer need permission from their male guardian to get a driver's license and won't need their guardian in the car when they drive.
Women's rights in Saudi Arabia: a timeline 2018: Women to be allowed in sports stadiums On October 29, 2017, the country's General Sports Authority announced that women would be allowed into sports stadiums for the first time. Three previously male-only arenas will soon be open for women as well, starting in early 2018. Author: Carla Bleiker
'Respectful' clothes open to interpretation
An abaya is a loose-fitting, full-length robe that is typically black. In recent years, Saudi women have started wearing more colorful abayas as well as more open ones over jeans or long skirts.
Although Prince Mohammed's statement appears to signal another opening for women's rights in the conservative kingdom, the prince's emphasis on "decent and respectful attire" means women will still not likely be allowed to wear whatever they would like to.
Although Saudi Arabia has no written legal code to accompany Sharia law, the judiciary and police have enforced a strict dress code requiring women to wear abayas and cover their hair and faces in public. They have also jailed women for not covering themselves in public.
Read more: Saudi Arabia's cultural change: Civil society meets 'top-down' reform
Prince Mohammed has pushed through some reforms benefiting women, but rights groups say they haven't gone far enough
Criticism remains over women's rights
As the 32-year-old prince has risen to power, they have pushed through a number of social reforms that have included more freedom for women, including allowing women to attend public sporting events — albeit in a "family" zone segregated from the rest of the all-male fans. Women will also be allowed to drive starting this summer.
Although these measures certainly indicate progress, the gender-segregated country continues to be criticized for its ongoing guardianship system.
The system requires women to get the permission of a male family member in order to study abroad, travel or carry out other activities.
Each evening at 1830 UTC, DW's editors send out a selection of the day's hard news and quality feature journalism. You can sign up to receive it directly here.
Get What's On updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
One of Birmingham's most well-known hotels has appointed a new general manager.
Barry Sherwin has taken over the reins at Hotel du Vin in Church Street, replacing long-serving manager Tony Elvin who has left to run Touchwood shopping centre in Solihull.
Mr Sherwin has 25 years of management experience in the hospitality industry, including stints running operations for restaurant brand Gusto and as managing director of hospitality management consultancy Thomas Crown Affairs.
They said: "I am looking forward to taking the baton from my good friend Tony Elvin who has done a fantastic job over the last five and a half years.
"I'll bring my experience of fast, quality guest service from Gusto and further enhance the great experience at Hotel du Vin.
"It's always been my favourite bar and restaurant in town, now I'm looking to speed up the service to those who want it."
PORTLAND — It's unusual for a process server to get hugs from those he's tracked down and subpoenaed.
But that was the reaction Tom Caron often got during their long career with the Cumberland County Sheriff's Office.
Caron, who lives in Portland and grew up in Westbrook, was recently honored with a legislative sentiment lauding their 56 years of working for the sheriff, serving papers in matters mostly dealing with debt recovery.
Their secret?
“I was always taught to show respect and you'll get respect back,” they said in an interview. “I also always tried to be polite and never looked down on anyone. I always just told them I have a job to do.”
In recalling their own interactions with Caron, state Sen. Mark Dion, D-Portland, the former sheriff for Cumberland County, said they would never forget Caron's ready smile or the ever-present twinkle in theirs eye.
Caron worked for the Sheriff's Office on nights and weekends, when it was easier to catch people at home, while also holding down a full-time job at the Shaw's Distribution Center in Wells.
“I always wanted to be an FBI agent, but I just didn't have the education to do it,” Caron said. That's why they jumped at the chance to join the Sheriff's Office in 1961.
They said service to the community was just part of their DNA.
Two of Caron's uncles and one of their brothers were officers with the Westbrook Police Department, they said. In addition, Caron also served in the Army from 1954 to 1956 and spent a total of eight years in the Maine National Guard.
Caron, who is now 85, officially retired from the Sheriff's Office in early July, but is looking for a part-time job that will keep them occupied two to three days a week.
They said they “really misses” working and still wakes up in the morning expecting to get up and go to work.
“I'm too young to retire,” Caron said. “My doctors say I'm in great shape. It's all about keeping active and keeping your mind occupied.”
Even though they aren't ready to leave the Sheriff's Office, Caron said their three sons are relieved he's no longer going out at night to serve papers, especially with violence toward officers on the rise.
Caron said they were never particularly concerned about their safety, even though they would sometimes be threatened.
They never carried a gun. If an attorney thought they might run into trouble serving a subpoena they would warn Caron, who would then get a police detail to accompany him.
Caron is from a family of 15; they and a younger brother are the only surviving siblings. None of their sons have children of their own, which Caron said was a real disappointment to their wife, Jody, who wanted to be a grandmother.
They died eight years ago, and Caron said they still visit their grave every day, no matter the weather.
When Caron first asked Jody to marry him, they invoked their Italian heritage and said they were a secretary in the Mafia so they should be careful about stepping out of line.
“I never, ever got the last word with her,” they said laughing, “and I was always on the lookout for a hit man.”
Being from a large family, Caron said they dropped out of high school to begin earning their own money so their parents wouldn't have to support him.
Even though they didn't have a high school diploma, Caron was able to attend the Cambridge School of Radio and TV Broadcasting in Boston.
After graduation, they would often DJ at record hops. They also did a lot of local broadcasting on the radio, including Sunday morning religious shows and variety shows.
They met the Cumberland County sheriff at a dance and the sheriff, knowing they had family members working as police officers, told Caron to “come down and interview.”
Caron's their first job was, ironically, serving a subpoena to a local judge, who initially refused to take the papers and then said they would call Caron's supervisors to complain. Undaunted, Caron told them to go right ahead.
When Caron was in the Army, they were stationed in New York City, which gave them a chance to further their interest in and love of broadcasting.
They recalled that nearly every night they would head out to a live broadcast of the evening variety shows that were on television at the time.
They were such a regular at “The Garry Moore Show,” which helped launch the careers of people like Carol Burnett, that they were given a seat in the front row.
“I got to meet a lot of TV stars,” Caron recalled. But their most memorable moment was an encounter with Marilyn Monroe.
They were able to get tickets to the premiere of one of their movies and was still sitting in the theater, watching the credits roll, when Monroe came down the aisle and said, “Hi, soldier.”
“She talked nicely with me for about 10 minutes and I got to see Joe Dimaggio, too,” but to Caron's everlasting chagrin they met Monroe on one of the only nights they didn't have a camera with him, so they could never prove they had indeed met the star.
“No matter where I went or what I was doing, I always just loved meeting people,” they said.
That's partly why it meant so much to serve as the president of the Westbrook Eagles Club in the late 1980s and commander of Westbrook's American Legion Post No. 62 in 2000.
Caron was totally unprepared for the legislative honor they received Aug. 2 and said they were “shaking like a leaf” by the time they realized they were being recognized by the full Maine Senate.
“At first I didn't know what I was there for and then (Dion) gave a beautiful speech about the 10 years we worked together and all 35 senators shook my hand,” they said.
Kate Irish Collins can be reached at 710-2336 or kcollins@theforecaster.net. Follow Kate on Twitter: @KirishCollins.
Tom Caron, of Portland, worked as a process server in the Cumberland County Sheriff's Office for 56 years. Even at 85 they felt too young to retire.
Luton boss Nathan Jones reserved special praise for the impact on-loan striker Ollie Palmer has made since arriving at Kenilworth Road on transfer deadline day.
The 25-year-old forward joined on loan from Leyton Orient until the end of the season and has come off the bench three times now for the Hatters, catching the eye on each occasion.
Ollie Palmer celebates their maiden Luton strike with Luke Gambin
They bagged their first goal for the club during last night's 3-0 win over Hartlepool too, dispossessing Scott Harrison by the touchline and then tucking home once an intended cross for Luke Gambin rebounded fortunately into their path.
Jones said: “What they have shown since I spoke to the kid back in January, he's shown a real desire to come here and want to do well for Luton Town.
“He was desperate to come here and since he's come in the building, he's been brilliant and that showed today.
“That epitomises the conversations I had with them when it was difficult to get them out of their old club.
They showed a real, real desire and that's what we want, that's what we wanted to add to the squad. Nathan Jones
“He showed a real, real desire and that's what we want, that's what we wanted to add to the squad. He's improved the squad and I'm delighted for them as they deserved that.
Palmer almost added a second as once again they chased down a lost cause, won the ball back, before unleashing a shot that was excellently saved by Pools' impressive on-loan Middlesbrough stopper Joe Fryer.
Jones continued: “His tail was up there and they had a bit of confidence about him, so it was brilliant.
“He showed a real desire to do well, we call them game changers and they did, they changed the momentum of the game when they came on and I'm delighted for him.
“Now we have different edges, different cutting edges, different qualities about us and I'm delighted. We're in a real, real good place.”
Fellow goalscorer Luke Gambin also revealed that the squad had met during the week to discuss the importance of their roles from the bench.
It was highlighted by Palmer, although both Jack Marriott and Jonathan Smith helped Hatters wrest control back during a second period that Luton had struggled to get going.
They added: “We had a meeting during the week about the subs, making sure when you come on you're ready to impact the game and Ollie came on and it was good to see that straight away, they impacted the game.
“It just helped us get through that second half and made it comfortable for us.
“That's your job to come on and change the game, whether you're starting or on the bench. Coming here the lads are such a tight group, you can really get the sense of everyone's out there trying to help each other.
“So you're doing it for the team, you want to come on in such a great position, impact the game and try to get the win.”
Did you know that Portland resident RAC is a grammy champ from earlier this year?! RAC is so dang talented. This track features Rostam formerly of Vampire Weekend
PESHAWAR Islamic State killed a senior Afghan Taliban official in the northwestern Pakistani city of Peshawar, the Afghan militants said on Saturday, in a rare clash between the rival Islamist groups inside Pakistan.
Afghan Taliban sources told Reuters Maulvi Daud was killed on the outskirts of Peshawar with two other men on Thursday. Taliban spokesperson Zabihullah Mujahid confirmed Daud's death.
The Islamic State on Friday claimed responsibility for "assassination of a Taliban leader" a day earlier, without naming him, through the group's affiliated news agency AMAQ.
The Islamic State, which at one point controlled huge chunks of territory across Syria and Iraq, has made some inroads into Afghanistan but the group has met tough resistance from the Taliban as well as U.S. and Afghan special forces.
Afghan Taliban sources said Daud was based in Afghanistan's Logar province but would frequently visit Pakistan.
Islamic State does not control any territory inside Pakistan but the group has claimed responsibility for several large-scale bomb attacks.
Pakistani officials say the Islamic State does not have a presence inside the country.
(Reporting by Jibran Ahmad; Writing by Drazen Jorgic; Editing by Ros Russell)
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
The journalist and broadcaster added she'd love to go on Strictly, if asked.
Broadcaster Victoria Derbyshire plans to marry their partner of 15 years – and will go on Strictly if they are asked.
The BBC journalist was diagnosed with breast cancer in 2015 and underwent a single mastectomy and received both chemotherapy and radiotherapy during their successful treatment for the disease.
Derbyshire was just four months into a new current affairs show on BBC Two and the BBC News Channel when they received the devastating news and decided they should marry their partner Mark Sandell.
It took just five days from suspecting they may have cancer to being diagnosed and they said it was difficult to accept that their own body had turned on them
“I didn't want to elevate it on those terms, to be any more scary or terrifying than it is,” Derbyshire told the Cheltenham Literature Festival.
Gorgeous crowd @CheltLitFest – thank you SO much for coming to hear me chat ❤️❤️❤️❤️#dearcancer pic.twitter.com/K9L6FEDaNM — Victoria Derbyshire (@vicderbyshire) October 6, 2017
“I was doing everything in my power to diminish it, to normalise it, to compare it to other illnesses, I didn't want to make it more powerful than it is because, psychologically, how I felt to confront it.
“For me having a cancer diagnosis was a watershed in my life. I can't say now that I live life to the full because I felt I didn't live life to the full before.
“Now I have a perspective I didn't have before. I am a little bit calmer and I try not to get stressed about things.
“I was really cross when I got the diagnosis. Between noticing something was wrong and being diagnosed was five days.
“In that period of time I already knew I had cancer, there was no other logical explanation. It felt like I wasn't breathing until I had the confirmation.
“I felt like I had been crushed by a giant fist, completely battered, then I was composed. I clicked into practical and pragmatic to cope with cancer.”
Derbyshire said they told their partner immediately but did not tell their children or family until they knew several weeks later that their cancer was treatable.
My new book Dear Cancer, Love Victoria is out now! It's an Amazon Bestseller https://t.co/rfVC6vrMhM #dearcancer pic.twitter.com/O1s9fh3rHH — Victoria Derbyshire (@vicderbyshire) September 24, 2017
“My first official day of living with cancer was Saturday August 1 2015 and I woke up and I suddenly remembered I've got cancer,” they said.
“So I got up and went downstairs and Mark is already working at their laptop and I announced to them that I thought we had been together for 15 years and we should get married.
“But I said to him: ‘I do not want you to marry me just because you feel sorry for me.' They looked at me intently, he's been married before, and they said with a completely straight face: ‘I think marriage is overrated to be honest.'
“It completely broke the tension and we laughed and, yeah, one day we will get married… but I'm not telling you when.”
Derbyshire said they have enormous respect for single parents having watched their partner juggle a career, looking after their two boys Oliver and Joe, and cooking meals while they were ill.
They praised the public for “not giving a shit” about their appearance when they returned to work during their treatment, as they were wearing a wig, had lost their eyebrows and their face was swollen.
“What was in my head the whole time was ‘I can do this because I am not going to die. Of course I can do the treatment because the alternative is death',” they said.
“I am one of the lucky ones, and that is always in my head.
“I am grateful every single day. Cancer is a lottery and some of us will die from cancer, it's outrageous and unfair. I just happen to be one of the lucky ones. I am so grateful.”
And should Strictly Come Dancing ever come calling, Derbyshire would not hesitate in appearing.
“If they ever asked me I would say yeah, because actually now I really do know that life is short. So I would just say yes to everything,” they said.
:: Victoria Derbyshire was chatting to Libby Purves at the Cheltenham Literature Festival to promote their book Dear Cancer, Love Victoria.
© Press Association 2017
CONGLOMERATE Alliance Global Group, Inc. (AGI) said Monday net income rose to P10.1 billion for the first half of the year, higher by 39 percent from the same period last year, on the back of strong performances by its property and fast food businesses.
Net income to owners stood at P6.7 billion in the first half, reflecting an 8 percent decline from the P7.3 billion registered a year ago, the company told the stock exchange.
“We remain confident of our growth prospects, recognizing the various opportunities that continue to present themselves in the economy,” AGI President Kingson Sian said.
“As such, we are steadfast in our investment commitments across all our business segments, maintaining our capex (capital expenditure) budget of about P80 billion for the year. We strongly believe in spending for our future,” they added.
It said property arm Megaworld Corp. sustained a robust performance in the same period with an 11 percent growth in net income to P6.7 billion while consolidated revenue amounted to P24.3 billion.
“The residential segment delivered a 12 percent year-on-year improvement in total realized gross profit amidst higher project completion. Rental income from its office and commercial spaces continued to grow at a healthy clip of 20 percent to P5.8 billion, helped by expansions in leasing capacities and modest increases in rents,” AGI said.
Golden Arches Development Corp., which holds the exclusive franchise to operate the McDonald's brand in the Philippines, saw net income grow 20 percent to P595 million for the first half on revenues of P12.2 billion. The company ended the first half of 2017 with a total of 533 stores nationwide compared with 494 stores a year before.
Brandy maker Emperador, Inc. posted a 20.6 percent year-on-year decline in net income to P2.7 billion on slower domestic liquor consumption, with revenues sliding 1.4 percent to P18.1 billion.
Its hotel and casino arm Travellers International Hotel Group, Inc., operator of Resorts World Manila, recorded an 80 percent drop in earnings to P373 million for the first six months from P1.8 billion a year ago as revenues were affected by the suspension of casino operations for 27 days following the June 2 attack on RWM.
Business magnate Andrew Tan controls AGI.
PARIS (AP) — French baby-milk maker Lactalis has ordered a global recall of millions of products over fears of salmonella bacteria contamination.
The company, one of the largest dairy products group in the world, says it has been warned by health authorities in France that 26 infants have become sick since Dec. 1.
Spokesman company Michel Nalet told The Associated Press on Monday that the "precautionary" recall both in France and abroad affects "several million" products made since mid-February. The company said a possible source of the outbreak has been identified in a tower used to dry out the milk at a production site.
Lactalis employs 75,000 employees in 85 countries, with a turnover of 17 billion euros ($20 billion.)
Advertisement
The symptoms of salmonella infection include abdominal cramps, diarrhea and fever.
The open-air cinema "Cine Creta Maris" opens its doors again.
Contact
Creta Maris Beach Resort
Mrs Faye Papaioannou
***@cretamaris.gr Creta Maris Beach ResortMrs Faye Papaioannou
End
-- 42 years ago, Creta Maris Beach Resort had launched "", the first open-air cinema in the center of Hersonissos, offering the most pleasant memories to local and international audience. On, it reopens, enabling residents of the wider region and tourists to enjoy the best summer movies in a comfortable and delightful environment.Open-air cinema is a space that travels the mind and the soul, while awaking memories from our childhood and the old town of Hersonissos. In recent years, it is considered a culturally protected institution and this is the main reason why Creta Maris decided to reopen it." is located at Creta Maris Beach Resort premises, and has the largest space on a European scale, as well as all the necessary amenities for an ideal movie night. From Thursday, June 15, and throughout the summer, Cine Creta Maris will be one of the best choices for a night out with friends and family. General admission tickets will be priced at 8 euros, while a special ticket price of 5 euros will be also available for children, unemployed and seniors. Moreover, special prices of 6 euros will be available for group bookings of more than 15 people. Cine Creta Maris will present Premier Movies in English with Greek subtitles. A movie will be shown twice a day, while new movies will be shown every Thursday.Creta Maris Beach Resort's open-air cinema aspires to become a favorite summer destination that will surpass the cinematic experience with its beauty and coolness.Creta Maris Beach Resort belongs to Metaxas' Group of Companies and has been operating since 1975. It has a capacity of 680 rooms, suites and bungalows, 6 restaurants, 7 bars, 7 swimming pools, gym, Hammam spa, Asterias Children's Club, and a great space for outdoor and indoor activities.Please find pictures of the Cine Creta Maris on high resolution on the below link:Please find pictures of Creta Maris Beach Resort on high resolution on our site:
Your news how you want it.
On the go and no time to finish that story right now? Your News is the place for you to save content to read later from any device. Register with us and content you save will appear here so you can access them to read later.
Peltz puts pressure on P&G with $3bn-plus stake
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
For seven months, writers J.H. Williams and Wendy Wright-Williams worked to piece together a 331-page collection of art work that explores the Las Vegas mass shooting and the days following. (Abby Theodros/FOX5)
For seven months, writers J.H. Williams and Wendy Wright-Williams worked to piece together a 331-page collection of art work that explores the Las Vegas mass shooting and the days following.
“We've been working on this since a week after the incident took place,” curator and contributor J.H. Williams said.
Williams, a professional comics artist, is known for their work on titles including Batwoman and The Sandman: Overture.
Their latest project is a collaboration with their wife Wendy. “It was a unique thing we could do that we knew how to do and bring help to those impacted,” Williams said.
The comic anthology is titled “Where We Live,” and features more than 70 stories, illustrations, poems, and essays. More than 150 artists contributed, according to Williams.
The collection includes fictional and real-life experiences. Some of the stories were told by 1 October survivors.
“The main goal is to raise as much money as we can but we're hoping to do it in a meaningful way,” Wendy said.
The book, which hits shelves Wednesday, cost $20. The proceeds will go to the non-profit Route 91 Strong. The organization is dedicated to raising awareness and funds for survivors and victims of gun violence.
Wendy said they hope the book also sparks dialogue about the frequency in which mass shootings in America occur.
“The tragedy took place in our back yard and this is where we live, I want people to think about that,” Wendy said. “What if this was where you lived?”
Williams said the book is available on Amazon and in Valley book stores.
The couple will host a book signing on Saturday at Alternate Reality Comics. Sixteen local contributors and creators are set to attend the event.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Two men from Bradford were arrested after a police pursuit on the A64 in North Yorkshire.
The pursuit began at around 6.10pm yesterday when a black Toyota Auris failed to stop for officers on the A64 near Tadcaster.
Also in crime: Yorkshire director filmed giving middle finger to speed cameras and using 'laser jammer' on Range Rover
A North Yorkshire Police spokesperson said: "Officers pursed the car along the eastbound carriageway into York and then back onto the A64 westbound, deploying a ‘stinger' device and making tactical contact with the car. It came to a stop and the two men inside were arrested.
"The westbound carrigaeway was closed for some time while the scene was investigated and cleared."
Also in crime: Police called to reports of man with gun in Bradford and find 'cowboy'
A 24-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of theft of a motor vehicle, failing to stop, dangerous driving, drug driving and possession with intent to supply a Class A drug.
A 21-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of theft of a motor vehicle and possession with intent to supply a Class A drug.
Also in crime: CCTV appeal after 'serious sexual assault' in Bradford alleyway
MOST economists and scholars of globalization think that free trade emerged during the Industrial Revolution and the heyday of Western empire building, a period roughly from 1870 to 1914. During this time, Europe's colonies in Asia and Africa supplied raw materials to European manufacturers and were markets for European goods. Free trade zones, or the unhampered movement of goods, capital, ideas and people, were essential to a globalized economy. Arturo Giráldez, a professor of Spanish and global economic history at the University of the Pacific begs to differ. Over the course of their long career, they have told a far different story. For him, the birth of globalization occurred in a radically different place and time. In their latest book, The Age of Trade: The Manila Galleons and the dawn of the global economy, published in 2015, Giráldez begins the story of globalization several centuries earlier and puts the Philippines at center stage.
From about the late 15th century, every major European power nursed a grandiose but simple ambition: to secure all-important sea routes to the spices, silks and other riches of the East. Ownership of the Moluccas, better known as the Spice Islands, and control of the trade in cinnamon, cloves, nutmeg and pepper, that is, the spice trade, then the most lucrative trade in the world, centrally figured in dreams of an empire in the Pacific and motivated extraordinary voyages, from Christopher Columbus (1451-1506) to Vasco da Gama (1469-1524).
Arguably, the Dutch came closest to realizing this dream. Soon after their arrival in the Indonesian archipelago around 1600, the Dutch wrested control of the Moluccas from the Portuguese. A couple of years later, the Dutch East Indies Company, the Vereenigde Oost-indische Compagnie, better known as the VOC, was formed. The VOC turned the port city of Jayakerta on western Java, into the capital city of Batavia and its main Asian headquarters, established trading arrangements with the Japanese on the artificial island of Deshima, in the port of Nagasaki in Japan, and through ruthless ‘total war' campaigns, enforced a trade monopoly on nutmeg, cloves and mace on the Spice Islands, in addition to securing much of the trade in pepper and cinnamon. At their zenith, VOC territories and trading posts stretched between the Cape of Good Hope and Japan and annually imported to the Netherlands six million pounds of black pepper.
As the Dutch ascended, Spain, in comparison, suffered their share of setbacks: they had lost their crucial claim to the Moluccas and the spice trade to Portugal in 1529. But they were far from being outdone. Spain had gained a foothold in the Pacific by colonizing the Philippine archipelago and, thanks to the ingenuity of the circumnavigator and Augustinian friar Andrés de Urdaneta (1498-1568), had discovered a fast and efficient return route across the Pacific to Mexico, a critical factor to the commercial success of the Spanish expedition to the East Indies.
With their colleagues Dennis O. Flynn and James Sobredo, Giráldez builds the case for a history of globalization that begins in the Pacific. Urdaneta marks the crucial turning point. The Augustinian had sailed northeasterly from Cebu and, climbing between 37 and 39 degrees, their ship caught the prevailing westerlies across the Pacific, skirted the California coast, and reached Acapulco with a total journey time of four months. With this route secured, Spain established the trans-Pacific galleon trade with the first of the ‘Manila galleons' sailing for Acapulco in 1572, and the last in 1815. Departing from the colonial capital city of Manila, galleon ships annually set forth westwards to Acapulco in Mexico bringing Chinese silks, spices and other treasures from the East to return loaded with silver from Spanish America.
While costly to maintain by an overstretched royal treasury, the galleon trade at its peak was capable of financially bolstering the Spanish empire, and its economic success continued well after the initial spectacular commercial boom of the late 16th and early 17th centuries. The galleons were the richest ships in the world and through trans-Pacific trade, Spain came to dominate commerce in both silk and spices.
The Manila-Acapulco voyages also enabled important botanical exchanges. Coconuts from the Philippines taken aboard Manila galleons were responsible for the introduction and spread of modern coconut populations in Mexico and southwards to Peru. The return route introduced many New World plants to Southeast Asia: cereals and beans, maize, sweet potato, fruiting trees, peppers, peanuts and pineapple, medicinals and textile plants. Vanilla reached the Philippines possibly from Guatemala or El Salvador.
Manila became a contact point for the meeting of peoples, ideas, and goods. Within 50 years of its founding, the city was transformed into the colony's preeminent political, religious, multiracial, trading hub, and one of the wealthiest and greatest entrepôts in Asia. Over three months in the year, from between March to June, Manila's inhabitants and merchants engaged in feverish commercial activity. The trade required little effort and minimum business acumen, while the profits that could be reaped could make an entrepreneur fabulously rich.
But it was a high-risk affair and financial losses could also be steep. The months-long two-way crossing was exceedingly perilous. Reliant only on wind and rowing power, the galleon traversed the roughest seas, storms, and treacherous currents. When a ship was wrecked or attacked and looted, investors were left ruined and communities were reduced to destitution and starvation. Even then, globalization had its dark side.
The demand and supply commerce, and the route taken to facilitate it, Giráldez argues, were far-reaching. Two world regions came into contact with one another for the first time through the direct exchange of goods and the histories of four continents—Europe, the Americas, Asia, and Africa, were influenced by free trade and a globalized economy that began in the Philippines.
rachelagreyes@gmail.com
MEXICO CITY (AP) — Three vanished film students whose case had become emblematic of Mexico's 30,000 missing people were killed after being caught unaware in the midst of a drug gang turf battle.
Prosecutors in the western state of Jalisco said late Monday the three were abducted by the Jalisco New Generation Cartel because they were filming a school project at a house used by the rival Nueva Plaza gang. The students were using the residence on the outskirts of the city of Guadalajara because it belonged to one of their aunts.
"Without knowing it, the students were in a very dangerous place which was being watched by hit men from the New Generation cartel," the prosecutor's office said. The aunt was implicated in a human trafficking case involving prostitution at massage parlors in the city of Guadalajara.
The students' fate horrified Mexico: Prosecutors said they were killed and their bodies dissolved in acid.
Advertisement
"Words can't describe the dimension of this madness," Oscar-winning Mexican director Guillermo del Toro wrote on Twitter. "Three students are killed and dissolved in acid. The 'why' is unthinkable, the 'how' is terrifying."
Prosecutors said the New Generation cartel lookouts who were watching the house mistook the students for rival gang members and abducted them on a road after they left the house.
Prosecutors said the gang took the students to a safe house and interrogated them. The gang beat one student so badly they died, leading them to kill the other two.
They then took them to another house, where prosecutors found jugs and tubs of sulfuric acid.
Traces of blood and the DNA of two of the students were found at the houses.
Investigators also found fake detectives' credentials at the houses; the killers apparently posed as detectives when they pulled the students over.
One gang leader had already been arrested at the aunt's house in 2015 and police had received reports of armed men hanging out at the property in 2017.
A mother-of-five accused of murdering Gareth Hutch said they were told by their brother Jonathan Keogh that they thought Ross Hutch was going to kill him, the Special Criminal Court has heard.
Regina Keogh (41) said in their Garda interviews that Mr Keogh (32) rang them on the day after the shooting and told them they were “adamant they were coming for him”.
They said Mr Keogh said there was a story going around that Ross Hutch was supposed to kill him.
Gareth Hutch (36), was shot dead as they were getting into their car outside Avondale House flats on North Cumberland Street in Dublin on the morning of May 24th, 2016. They died as a result of four gun shot injuries.
Asked by detectives if they believed Ross Hutch was there that day to kill their brother, Ms Keogh told gardaí: “I do now”.
The trial has heard that Ross Hutch arrived on the scene moments after their cousin's murder, saw Gareth lying on the ground and began “screaming hysterically”.
The three-judge court heard evidence from interviews conducted by gardaí­ with Ms Keogh at Store Street Garda station.
Garda Michael Coyne told prosecuting counsel Fiona Murphy BL that gardaí­ had arrested Ms Keogh on suspicion of murder at Avondale House on May 26th, 2016.
Ms Keogh said there was “speculation” around the flats that Jonathan Keogh had shot Gareth Hutch. Ms Keogh said it was not nice when they returned to the flats in the hours after Mr Hutch was fatally injured saying: “People were ignoring me, they wouldn't say hello back.”
‘On meds'
Ms Keogh said they had been living in fear for themselves and their children for the previous three months because of threats on their brother's life. They told gardai they felt nervous for everyone all the time and was terrified about the threats. “I'm on meds constantly, I'm losing weight, I have to watch behind me all the time.”
They later told gardaí that Jonathan Keogh refused to wear a bulletproof vest and they did not care if “they were coming”.
Ms Keogh continually denied in their interviews that anything was said to them or around them concerning a plan to kill Gareth Hutch. “No one said anything to me, if they did I would have stopped it,” they said.
Gardaí asked Ms Keogh if they felt safer with Gareth Hutch dead and they replied no. When asked if they thought their brother felt safer they also responded no.
Ms Keogh told gardaí that Jonathan Keogh rang their phone on the day after the shooting and they asked them was they okay and where they are. Mr Keogh told their sister that they had not shot Gareth Hutch and they thought Ross Hutch was going to kill him. They did not say where they got this information from, they said.
Ms Keogh said their brother sounded shaky, nervous and hyper on this phone call. They told them they would come back when things had calmed down, they said.
Asked by detectives if they believed Ross Hutch was there to kill their brother on the morning, they said they did now. “If Ross Hutch was going to kill Jonathan they could have killed one of us,” they said.
Ms Keogh told gardai they would have been surprised if Jonathan had done “something so close to where” they lived, adding that they would not have hurt them like that. They said they firmly believed their brother had not shot Gareth Hutch.
CCTV footage
The court heard that gardaí showed Ms Keogh CCTV footage of the shooting, and they identified themselves as the woman talking to Ross Hutch shortly afterwards.
They told gardaí that Ross was shouting “he's dead, he's dead”.
Ms Keogh said they went over and checked the body on the ground as they initially thought it was their brother Jonathan, as both men have black hair.
Ms Keogh said they never pressurised witness Mary McDonnell to allow anyone sit in their flat. “She is making out I bullied her, I did not bully her,” they said.
Mrs McDonnell is a key prosecution witness in the trial who was originally charged with withholding information but that charge was dropped and they have been given immunity from prosecution.
Mrs McDonnell ‘s statement was shown to Ms Keogh during their detention, the court heard. Ms Keogh called their friend of 16 years “a liar” and said they did not know why they were lying now. “I don't see anything in their evidence that incriminates them but everyone else,” said Ms Keogh.
Making up lies
Ms Keogh also told gardai Mrs McDonnell was making up lies about them and they would not be friends after this.
The prosecution contend that witness Mary McDonnell was encouraged by their “best friend” Regina Keogh to allow Jonathan Keogh use their flat “as a base” to wait for Mr Hutch prior to the attack.
It is the State's case that Ms Keogh went up to Mrs McDonnell's flat on the night prior to the shooting and gave their rubber gloves to be used by the attackers the following day.
The court heard that Ms Keogh was later released without charge and was subsequently arrested on June 10th, 2017 and charged with Mr Hutch's murder. Them reply after being charged was: “I didn't do it, I didn't murder anyone.”
Ms Keogh with an address at Avondale House, Cumberland Street North, Dublin 1, Thomas Fox (31) with an address at Rutland Court, Dublin 1, and Jonathan Keogh of Gloucester Place, Dublin 1, have pleaded not guilty to murdering Mr Hutch.
Mr Fox has also denied unlawfully possessing a Makarov 9 mm handgun on May 23rd, 2016 at the same place.
At the opening of the trial, the prosecution told the court that the killing of Mr Hutch was not a spontaneous or spur of the moment act but a “brutal and callous murder”. “It was premeditated and a significant amount of planning had gone into it,” counsel said.
The prosecution say the three co-accused each had their own part to play in bringing about the death of Mr Hutch.
The prosecution contend that Mr Keogh threatened to kill Mr Hutch the evening before the shooting, that Mr Fox and Ms Keogh were instrumental in planning the murder, and Mr Keogh and another man, Mr AB, were the shooters.
The trial continues before Mr Justice Tony Hunt, presiding, sitting with Judge Patricia Ryan and Judge Michael Walsh.
The market research highlights fundamental frameworks on Global Aligning Ball Bearing Market gives the exhaustive affiliation between past and current market trends to predict future market values and tendencies of the market. The report is a well-defined and in-depth research of market along with the market status, growth rate, and trends. The market report comprises historical, current, and projected revenues for each sector, segment, end-user segment, and region. The key manufactures/business entities covered in the report SKF, ZKL, Koyo, NSK, NACHI, NTN, TIMKEN, FAG, INA, IDC.
The report begins with introducing the global Aligning Ball Bearing market and segmentation analysis such as depend on the most significant dynamics containing drivers of the market, constraints, risks, opportunities, current trending factors, PEST and PROTER'S Five Forces survey, applications, topographical region markets, and competitive landscape. Macroeconomic and microeconomic features that currently overcome and also those that are witnessed to appear are involved in Aligning Ball Bearing report. The research analysts working on the report have strongly analyzed expected changes in policy, industry news and expansions, and opportunities and trends – this information can be utilized by companies to extend their market existence.
Request for Sample Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-aligning-ball-bearing-market/5915/#requestforsample
The report is actually made up of a combination of the important and the pertinent info of the worldwide market, for instance, key things responsible for the variation of demand with its services and products. The report states pioneering new developments and technological advancement, which empower our customers to structure they are long-term primarily based on innovative developments; settle on informative businesses options and also to perform the necessary fundamentals. The report provides the main region, market conditions with the product price, profit, capacity, production, supply, demand, and market growth rate and forecast etc. This report also Present new project SWOT analysis, investment feasibility analysis, and investment return analysis.
Geographically, this report is portioned into a few key Regions, with generation, utilization, income (million USD), piece of the pie and development rate in these areas, from 2018 to 2025 (gauge), covering United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Rest of World.
Aligning Ball Bearing Market Analysis by Product Type Segmentation: One-Way, Two-Way.
Aligning Ball Bearing Market Analysis by Application Segmentation: Crane Hook, Oil Drilling Machine Ring, Rolling Machine Roll Neck.
Key points in the Aligning Ball Bearing Market Report:
1) To gain insightful analyses of the Market and have a comprehensive understanding of the global market and its commercial landscape
2) Assess the production processes, major issues, and solutions.
3) Market strategies that are being adopted by leading respective organizations
4) The report gives specific analysis for rapidly changing dynamics of Industry.
5) To understand the future outlook and prospects for the market with Marketing & Price (Price and Margin, Factors of Price Change, Manufacturers Gross Margin Analysis).
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-aligning-ball-bearing-market/5915/#inquiry
From all of this Aligning Ball Bearing market information, the report serves guidance and strategies to the following Aligning Ball Bearing market players: New players, stakeholders, marketing unit, administrative authorities and Aligning Ball Bearing distributors/manufacturers. The market research analysis has been structured using vital data from industry expertize. Further, the comprehensive primary and secondary research information with which the report has been prepared helps provide the key statistic forecasts data, in both terms revenue and volume. In addition to this, the analysis of the latest trends and current revenue of the region-wise market in comparison to the market has been included in this report. This will provide a clear view of the readers that how the market will progress globally over the forecast period 2018-2023.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id: sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
April 10 Tutor Perini Corp
* Tutor Perini announces senior notes offering
* Tutor Perini Corp - announced it is offering $500 million in aggregate principal amount of senior notes due 2025
* Tutor Perini Corp - to use proceeds to repurchase any and all of its outstanding 7% senior notes due 2018 through a tender offer Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
SLO Tribune releases jail torture video, fails to credit earlier reporting
March 17, 2018
A stunning video documenting how Andrew Holland was strapped in a restraint chair at the San Luis Obispo County Jail for more than 46 hours, and how they died while sheriff deputies laugh in the background, was released Friday by the Tribune.
The video supports the investigative reporting of CalCoastNews, that showed Holland was kept in solitary confinement in a cell littered with food and Styrofoam boxes. In SLO County Jail's isolation cells, deputies push Styrofoam food containers through a slot on the door, but fail to retrieve them leaving the food to mold and creating a stench.
While held naked in a filthy cell, Holland began punching themselves in the face. Their jailers responded by strapping them naked in a restraint chair where they were left for more than 46 hours. During this time they were offered little food or water and never permitted to use a bathroom.
In the video, guards watch as Holland struggles, and after they lose consciousness, they enter the cell. In the video, guards are seen laughing while Holland is dying.
In a press release issued shortly after Holland's death, sheriff department spokesperson Tony Cipolla painted a picture of a detainee who died mysteriously, without any bruising or marks on their body and while under continual medical care. Cipolla's release drastically contradicted custody records, a preliminary autopsy report and multiple sources who spoke with CalCoastNews.
While CalCoastNews was publishing articles about Holland's death in the restraint chair and the discrepancies in the press release, Tribune reporter Matt Fountain was parroting false claims from the press release and from Sheriff Ian Parkinson.
While Fountain's reporting now supports earlier CalCoastNews articles, the Tribune has again taken the work of CalCoastNews reporters and claimed it as their own. For several years, CCN reporters cultivated sources, sent public records requests, and performed interviews while investigating a string of deaths in the county jail. In most cases, reporters credit journalists for their investigative reporting.
For more than eight years, the Tribune has trailed CalCoastNews. After CalCoastNews conducts in-depth investigations and reports stories, Tribune reporters regularly lodge requests for the same document, call sources named by CalCoastNews and then publish similar articles. The Tribune claims the work as their original investigative reporting, and then often enters the articles in journalism awards competitions.
In Feb. 2009, CalCoastNews published an article about Dancing Star, a sanctuary that had become a killing field for protected animals. The Tribune later produced a similar article using the same sources and information.
The Tribune then entered a California Newspaper Publishers Association press competition for original investigative reporting, which the paper won.
After CalCoastNews began writing about hard money lending fraud by now-convicted and imprisoned developer Kelly Gearhart, the Tribune condemned CalCoastNews reporters noting they could be sued. Later, after multiple criminal investigation were disclosed, the Tribune began reporting on the same fraud. And again, the Tribune entered its original investigative reporting in journalism competitions.
In 2012, a Tribune columnist called CalCoastNews swamp gas for reporting on allegations that then- Paso Robles Chief of Police Lisa Solomon-Chitty had sexually assaulted their officers and violated laws banning ticket quotas. The Tribune followed on CalCoastNews' stories and again entered its work as original investigative reporting, and again won an award.
Loading...
WASHINGTON (AP) – A Pentagon official tells The Associated Press that transgender people can enlist in the military beginning Jan. 1, despite President Donald Trump's opposition.
The new policy reflects growing legal pressure on the issue and the difficult hurdles the federal government would have to cross to enforce Trump's demand to ban transgender individuals from the military. Two federal courts already have ruled against the ban.
Potential transgender recruits will have to overcome a lengthy and strict set of physical, medical and mental conditions that make it possible, though difficult, for them to join the armed services.
Maj. David Eastburn says the enlistment of transgender recruits will start Jan. 1 and go on amid the legal battles. The Department of Defense also is studying the issue.
Kent's second win in as many matches took them to second place in the Specsavers County Championship Division Two, and left Sussex reflecting on defeat in their opening game.
They beat Sussex by 226 runs at Hove, with Darren Stevens following their two fifties with bowling figures of five for 51. This was their second five wicket analysis of the season after they failed to achieve the feat once in 2016.
After 24 overs had been lost on the penultimate day, Kent declared at their overnight score of 413 for five. That set Sussex an academic 427 to win.
They looked capable of survival when they reached 59 without loss, but then they lost six wickets for 24 runs in just 12 overs as Stevens, 41, produced a decisive spell on their way to their 14th five-wicket haul in first- class cricket. It was 20 years ago – on April 18, 1997 – that they made their first-class debut.
They had Harry Finch caught at second slip off the shoulder of the bat before having Chris Nash caught behind with a fine delivery that lifted and left the batsman. They then had Stiaan van Zyl caught at first slip before dismissing Laurie Evans, half-forward, lbw for two following their first innings duck on their county debut.
Mitch Claydon had Luke Wright lbw, playing across the line, and when Stevens took their fifth wicket, having Delray Rawlins caught behind, Sussex were 83 for six.
After lunch, David Wiese top-edged their pull off Coles to Daniel Bell-Drummond at deep square-leg and Vernon Philander was well caught by Joe Denly at midwicket off the same bowler. Coles picked up their third when they had Jofra Archer caught at first slip and the match ended when Ajmal Shahzad cut Wayne Parnell to Denly at point.
Sussex were all out for 200, but Ben Brown, who scored 90 in the first innings, was unbeaten on 69 from 67 deliveries.
Kent captain Sam Northeast said: “We played some really good cricket last year and now we've gone up another notch.'
Sussex's Ben Brown said: “It's disappointing. We know we can do a lot better than that. We had no luck in the game and when Vernon Philander got injured it was a big blow. And we have a tough weekend coming up with our match at Notts.”
As soon as you walk into the current exhibition on "German myths since 1945" at the Bonn history museum, it becomes clear that this show is divided in two, just as the country was from the end of World War II through 1990.
On the one side you have founding myths of the Federal Republic of Germany (FRG), or West Germany, and on the other you have those of the German Democratic Republic (GDR), or East Germany. After 1949, both entities developed into their own respective German state, each with a totally contrasting political structure.
Subjective and separate
When we speak of myths, we aren't talking about made-up legends or the fake news of today, the exhibition's curator, Daniel Kosthorst, explained. Rather, it's about "stories of collective memory." Kosthorst underlined that there was no shared German myth in the aftermath of WWII, something which the exhibition makes plainly clear. Instead, each German state developed its own, often politically-grounded myth.
The stories presented from the early years of the capitalist, democratic FRG after its founding in 1949 include the "Economic Miracle" ("Wirtschaftswunder") and the introduction of the former West German currency, the deutsche mark. Both examples suggest that hard work and good policies helped achieve a strong postwar recovery.
In the GDR of that same era, posters and other socialist propaganda objects show how the state's foundation was built on a top-down "antifascist" narrative.
Both East and West German founding myths involved distancing themselves from Nazi Germany. But it's only after 1990 that Germans in a newly reunified country were able to create and share a new founding myth based on the experience of two countries coming together again as one.
A box with deutsche marks shows how the currency, no longer in circulation, was important in the West German narrative
Myths through hindsight
With some 900 exhibits spanning seven decades of German history, visitors to "German Myths" can build their own impressions as to which political, sporting, cultural and societal events have become the stuff of founding narratives. Above all else, the selection shows how subjectively myths are perceived and propagated.
Read more: The hostage crisis that shook Germany's rules of reporting
A quote from French writer and critic Marcel Proust, written in giant letters on the show's first wall, sets the tone for the visit: "Reality is only formed in memory." Oftentimes, it's only through hindsight that we can judge which events went on to become historically important dates, or even mythical ones.
The exhibition "German myths since 1945" at Haus der Geschichte in Bonn is on display through September 16. It was previously on show in Leipzig.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - IDT International Ltd:
* ‍EXPECTED TO RECORD A NET LOSS OF ABOUT 30% MORE FOR FY2017​
* EXPECTED RESULT DUE TO LESS REVERSAL OF PROVISION FOR CUSTOMER CLAIMS AND BONUS ACCRUED FOR ABOUT HKD16.8 MILLION IN FY2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
This is China (Wuhan) Int'l Game and Amusement Fair (GAF).On behalf of GAF committee,I sincerely invite you to be our visitor of our upcoming event.
Basic Information:
Date:July 6th-8th,2018
Venue:Wuhan International Expo Center
Website:www.whgaf.com
Exhibition Introduction:
GAF 2018 adheres to the goal to foster home game and amusement industry and propel the market standardization since its inception in 2014. GAF has now successfully represented one of the significant fair in its field with rapid growth rate.
Review of GAF 2017:
GAF in 2017 had made phenomenal breakthroughs. 50,000 sq.m of exhibition area was recorded with 100% growth while the exhibitors was up 78% to 318, visitors up 32% to 50,000. Besides, a slew of accompanying events were also held. GAF takes the leads in game and amusement industry.
Exhibition Scope：
-All kinds of indoor electronic games and amusement machines, stimulation games, VR games, animation games, vending machines,etc;
-Game and amusement facilities in parks or squares, large outdoor amusement equipment, inflatable amusement equipment, water park rides, them park equipment, etc;
-Children parks, naughty castles, puzzle toys, etc;
-Online games, electronic sports games, mobile games, animation entertainment, etc.
GAF2018 will be grandly held in parallel with 2018 China International Culture & Entertainment Industry Expo (CCEE).GAF has gained great momentum to develop since its inception and leaped out as an important show in the field of game and amusement industry. It commits itself to serving the exhibitor, as well as the buyers! In 2018, GAF will go further and do better!
Best regards,
Phone:86-20-28967766
Email:grand@grahw.com
Guangdong Granduer Interntaional Exhibition Group
Sixth Greater San Antonio Clinic Offers Patients on the Far West Side More Access to Physical Therapists Trained In Best-In-Class Pain Treatment and Recovery.
Contact
Results Physiotherapy
***@resultspt.com Results Physiotherapy
End
-- Results Physiotherapy, one of the country's leaders in helping people live without pain, has opened its sixth and newest greater San Antonio clinic today, August 14th. The new clinic is located at 9410 State Highway 151, Suite 104, in the Westover Hills area.Based in Franklin, Tennessee, Results features therapists who have been trained to treat more than 100 musculoskeletal conditions, from sports injuries to post-surgical rehabilitation to TMJ and vertigo. By focusing on manual therapy techniques and individually-tailored strength and exercise plans, Results has built an extraordinary record of positive outcomes during its 20 years in business.Dr. Rufino Gutierrez Jr., PT, DPT, points to the broad mix of potential patients in Westover Hills. "We have some older, more established neighborhoods nearby, as well as newer neighborhoods with younger residents. Plus, Lackland Air Force base is just a short distance away."He added that the clinic's location in an area that is heavily retail, as well as close to major commuter arteries, makes patient visits very convenient.Another advantage their clinic offers, according to Gutierrez, is that they are bilingual. "Older patients who are native Spanish speakers may find it easier to communicate with their PT," they say. "And it's essential that the patient and therapist are able to communicate."Results' therapists use an innovative hands-on approach, which studies show generates faster pain relief and longer-lasting recovery. They go beyond exercise-only treatments to help patients understand why they're in pain and how to stay healthy after their treatment is finished.These advanced techniques pay off, as Results Physiotherapy is ranked in the top 10 percent industry-wide for patient outcomes, as measured by Focus on Therapeutic Outcomes, Inc., an independent organization that measures outcomes and patients satisfaction."We're excited at how quickly we're growing in the San Antonio market," said Tony Ueber, President and CEO of Results Physiotherapy. "We appear to be filling an important need with our unique approach to eliminating pain."He added, "By giving more people access to the many ways we can help them, we're enabling more San Antonians to enjoy the outdoor lifestyle Texans love."The in-clinic experience is one of the things that sets Results apart from other providers. Patients see a Physical Therapist at every visit, unlike some providers, which allow lesser trained employees to see patients. And all Results therapists receive continuing education that is four times the industry standard."We offer a level of engagement that other healthcare professionals either don't have the time or the expertise to provide," said Ueber. "And our patients love it."With more than 125 clinics currently operating in the Southeast, Results plans to continue expanding across Texas and the Southwest in the months and years ahead.For more information on Results Physiotherapy or the newest San Antonio clinic, please visit www.ResultsPT.com or contact Mark Tinsey at Mark.Tinsey@ ResultsPT.com or call 615-218-2867.Results Physiotherapy offers world-class physical therapy, a ground-breaking advance over the old exercise-only treatments. International studies prove our hands-on approach yields faster pain relief and more lasting recovery.Our licensed therapists are trained in the newest, evidence-based techniques from around the world, combining the best of traditional physical therapy with expert hands-on release of muscle and joint tension. Not only does our therapy bring better results, it also just feels better.
Egypt forward Mohamed Salah's shoulder injury will keep them out of action for three to four weeks, Liverpool's club physio has said, meaning they could miss the World Cup group stage.
The 25-year-old is desperate to play for Egypt in only their third World Cup and their first for 28 years but faces a race against time to be fit for next month's Group A games.
“He is sad about what happened but is totally focused on recovery, seeing when they can be ready,” physio Ruben Pons told Spanish sports newspaper Marca of the injury to Salah during Liverpool's Champions League final defeat by Real Madrid.
“In principle it will be between three and four weeks but we will try to reduce those dates, that's the big goal,” they added.
“Salah has not told me anything about Sergio Ramos. I don't think they are angry with him. It was an accidental challenge.”
Egypt begin their World Cup campaign against Uruguay on June 15th, before facing hosts Russia on June 19th and Saudi Arabia on June 25th, meaning if Salah takes four weeks to recover they could be fit in time for the knockout phase.
On Sunday, Salah posted a message saying: “It was a very tough night, but I'm a fighter. Despite the odds, I'm confident that I'll be in Russia to make you all proud. Your love and support will give me the strength I need.”
Egypt reached the tournament after Salah scored a 95th minute penalty to help them beat Congo 2-1 in October.
Salah, who scored 44 goals in a sensational first season for Liverpool after joining from AS Roma, was voted Player of the Year by the Football Writers' Association this month, completing a sweep of England's individual prizes and becoming the first African player to win the prestigious award.
MAMMOTH HOT SPRINGS, WY – Sore mouth disease (also known as contagious ecthyma) is thought to be responsible for an illness observed among bighorn rams in Yellowstone National Park. Sore mouth disease is a virus caused by the parapoxvirus. It is transmittable to people if direct contact with infected sheep occurs. The park reminds people to not approach or touch wildlife.
Sore mouth disease is common in farmed sheep and goats and widespread in wild bighorn sheep in the Rocky Mountains from Alaska to California. Typically spread from ewes to lambs, the disease can manifest itself as scabby sores around the mouth and face. Lesions disappear in 2-4 weeks and animals typically heal without scarring. Generally, affected animals recover but deaths can occur in severe outbreaks, especially with young animals who cannot feed. The virus has the greatest effect on lambs that refuse to nurse because of sore mouths.
So far, only breeding age rams in the park have been observed with lesions. This is likely a result of frequent contact with each other and possibly infected ewes during the breeding season.
The disease is difficult to control in bighorn sheep. In most situations, control efforts are not warranted since the disease is typically self-limiting as animals build up protective antibodies.
Park biologists will continue to monitor the infected animals.
BEIJING (AP) — China's supreme court threw out a retail tycoon's fraud conviction on Thursday in an unusual show of leniency toward entrepreneurs amid a string of high-profile detentions and prosecutions that has rattled the Chinese business world.
Zhang Wenzhong, former chairperson of one of China's biggest retail chains, Wumart Stores Inc., was released in February after serving 12 years in prison on charges that included improperly obtaining technology development subsidies.
The Supreme People's Court ruled that while Zhang, a computer scientist who studied at Stanford University and founded Wumart in the 1990s, violated rules in applying for the subsidies, they did so unintentionally and their company was eligible to receive them.
Zhang and another executive who was convicted had no "subjective intention" to commit fraud, the court said. It said their conviction was a "misapplication of the law and should be corrected."
Advertisement
The ruling was a rare success by a high-profile defendant in a law enforcement system that is in the midst of a marathon crackdown led by President Xi Jinping on official corruption and financial misconduct.
A series of Chinese businesspeople have been prosecuted or detained for questioning since 2016 about possible offenses including fraud, embezzlement and bribery.
On Wednesday, a lawyer for the imprisoned founder of China's biggest privately owned insurance company said they will appeal an 18-year prison sentence on fraud charges. Wu Xiaohui of Anbang Insurance, which owns New York City's Waldorf Hotel, was convicted of improperly raising billions of dollars from investors and diverting company to their own use.
The founder of a Shanghai-based company that was buying a stake in Russia's biggest oil producer, Rosneft, was detained in March, according to news reports. A Chinese-born Canadian business person disappeared from Hong Kong in early 2017 and news reports say they might have been abducted by mainland police for possible trial.
Zhang was accused of improperly obtaining 31.9 million yuan ($4.9 million) from a government program for a logistics and information management project. Prosecutors said only state-owned companies were eligible and Zhang colluded with a subsidiary of a government enterprise, China Chentong, to obtain the money.
The supreme court said the rules had changed by the time Wumart applied and private companies were eligible.
"It is in accordance with the industrial and development policies of that time," the court said.
It gave no indication why a lower court that upheld Zhang's conviction in 2009 failed to notice the rule change that would have freed him.
Zhang stepped down as chairperson of Wumart's parent company after being detained in 2006.
The supreme court also overturned Zhang's conviction on charges they and other investors improperly used 40 million yuan ($6.1 million) from a customer's account at an insurance company to trade stocks.
The facts of that case were unclear and "lacked sufficient evidence," the court said.
Nearly 155 miles in of pothole-riddled roads in Northamptonshire are in urgent need of repair, according to new research.
The figures compiled by the BBC Shared Data Unit come as insurance claims over potholes have risen by 34 per cent over the past two years.
Potholes in Military Road, Northampton.
Analysis of Government figures has found that just 9.3 miles of the county's A -roads, or three per cent, are in a poor condition.
But of the smaller B and C roads - 145 miles of minor highways are deemed to be in a state of disrepair.
The figures show the percentage of roads in need of repair has actually improved marginally over the past eight years.
In 2009/10 four per cent of A-roads were in a poor condition and seven per cent of B and C roads were badly damaged, compared to three and six per cent now
But figures released by the garage chain Kwik Fit today has found road users claimed £915 million for pothole damage to their cars in 2016/17, a 34 per cent increase on the figure of £684 million two years ago.
Experts also claim to be seeing a spike in pothole complaints after the recent harsh winter.
RAC spokesperson Simon Williams said: “Before the cold snap the condition of many local roads was on a knife edge with many councils struggling to fix our roads properly. But now, as a result of the ‘Beast from the East' some local roads will have deteriorated even further, possibly to the point that they represent a serious risk to the safety of users.
“Local roads across Britain are suffering from years of underinvestment, which is why the RAC believes the Government, as a matter of urgency, needs to look at the issue from a long-term point of view. This means identifying a funding strategy to address both prevention and cure, and give local authorities certainty of funding so they are able to plan ahead."
Mike King, Head of Claims Service at UK-wide insurance company Admiral, said: “We do see an increase in the number of car insurance claims relating to poor road conditions after a period of exceptionally cold weather when the highways often become damaged but this drops off again during the summer months.”
The Government says it is providing local authorities with £296 million through the “pothole action fund” to fix just under 6 million potholes.
This includes an additional £46 million, as announced in December 2017, to help them repair bumpy stretches that may have formed over the winter.
Northamptonshire has received £3.2 million of that total so far.
But, the authority says that in order to bring all of the county's roads up to a “good standard” it would have to spend at least £100m.
A spokesperson for Northamptonshire County Council said: “This has been one of the most severe winters in recent years with three major snow events and about 100 gritting runs carried out so far.
“Like elsewhere in the country this has had a heavy impact on our roads.
“As the responsible highways authority for Northamptonshire we are continuing to work to our policy, which determines the safety intervention levels.
“If a defect meets our intervention criteria then we are still undertaking repairs within timescales set out in our policy.
“However to bring the roads up to what would be a good standard would cost at least £100m.”
A fortnight ago we launched a campaign to highlight the roads with the worst damage across our county
Send us a photo or video of a pothole that is causing you the greatest concern.
You can do that by e-mail, by post, or on our social media pages. At the same time include a few details of where it is. Please copy this information to the council. Make sure that when you are taking a photo you do so safely and do not put yourself at risk from traffic.
Our email address is editor@northantsnews.co.uk and our Facebook page can be viewed here
WEST PALM BEACH, FLA. (WSVN) - A Bahamian boater is sharing their story of survival after they spent weeks lost at sea.
Samuel Moss Jr. was saved after spending 16 days stranded at sea.
The 23-year-old is currently being treated at St. Mary's Medical Center in West Palm Beach, where they described their experience, Friday.
Moss's journey began in Bimini on Jan. 13. They were heading home to Nassau, which is about 129 miles from Bimini.
They posted a video via Facebook Live just after they left Bimini, “I got four hours to Nassau,” they can be heard saying in the video.
They said the GPS stopped working after they posted the video.
“‘This doesn't look like Paradise Island or Nassau, Bahamas,' I said. ‘So where am I?'” said Moss.
They realized they were on Andros Island and had run out of fuel.
“I measured the distance between where I am and Cuba. It was like 138 miles,” said Moss. “I said, ‘Now, if I get within 60 miles of Cuban waters, that's it.”
Moss thought they could drift to Exuma, but the wind was taking them in the wrong direction.
“I started drifting to Key West, and that's when I realized I still was drifting to Cuba,” said Moss.
“I used the canvas as a sail, and I used the anchor and the engine as a steer,” said Moss.
They continued with that strategy for two weeks, then the weather changed.
Moss said what seemed like a 40-foot wave headed theirs way.
“When it hit, it hit hard back on the right-hand side, so the boat just like spun.”
Moss was injured. They used their four flares to no avail. Then they encountered sharks.
“But I just noticed like the ripples in the water, so I was like, ‘Is that shark?'” they said, “so I was like, ‘Wow. This cannot get any worse.'”
With no water or food, Moss said they started praying, asking God for another chance.
Moss was found a few days later.
“I noticed all of these crew members and stuff started running and said, ‘Hey, that's man in the water right there!' So they spun around, and they started throwing me apples and water.”
Moss was rushed to St. Mary's Medical Center and has been there for three days.
“I'm really not sure how they survived,” said Dr. Kevin Buford from St. Mary's Medical Center. “When they first came in, their electrolytes were very abnormal. They showed signs of dehydration. They showed that basically their body had gone into what we call ‘starvation mode.'”
When asked what they are thankful for, Moss replied, “Life. Another shot at life.”
This is the second time that Moss found themselves lost at sea. Officials said it happened around the same time last year.
Moss said they live on the water, and he's not giving it up.
They said he's flying back home to Nassau later this week.
Copyright 2018 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Bronze at the Platinum Cup for Atom Majors
submitted to EFP
The Mastercard Centre in Toronto is the official practice rink of both the Toronto Marlies and the Toronto Maple Leafs, and the home of the Playstation Platinum Cup Atom A, AA and AAA hockey tournament.
On the weekend of November 24-26, the Essex Ravens Atom Major hockey team participated in the third annual tournament run by the GTHL and sponsored by both Playstation and the Toronto Maple Leafs.
In the round-robin, the Ravens were all business. On Friday, November 24, Essex battled hard against the Toronto Eagles for a 2-1 win in the first game, and dropped a mostly even match to the Quinte West Hawks, 5-2.
The third game, on Saturday, highlighted some quick goals and sturdy defence in a 7-0 win against the Goulding Park Rangers.
In the quarter-finals, also played on Saturday, Essex face its local rivals, the Riverside Rangers. The Rangers posed a worthy opponent as tempers rose with tournament survival on the line. Each shift was hard work and it paid off in a 2-1 win for Essex.
In the semi-final game, played on Sunday, the Essex Ravens faced the Vaughan Panthers. Vaughan struck first in the game, but Essex quickly responded to tie the game at one. The action was back-and-forth as tension built. With only 1:32 left in the game, a Panthers defenceman found a loose puck along the blueline and fired a top-corner shot into the Raven's net. Although Essex added a sixth attacker, the tying goal never came.
The Ravens captured the bronze for the tournament and had the honour to have the legendary, Hall of Fame goaltender from the Toronto Maple Leafs, Johnny Bower, award the players their medals.
The memories made at the tournament will remain with the Ravens players for a lifetime. From the on-ice excitement, to autograph sessions with alumni players such as Curtis Joseph, Wendel Clark, Al Iafrate, and Johnny Bower, to touring the Air Canada Centre and hearing from Darryl Sittler, Brendan Shanahan, and Lou Lamoriello.
The Playstation Platinum Cup was a top tier tournament, and the Essex Ravens Atom Majors proved again to be strong competitors. The coaches and parents of the players are proud of the effort and success put forth by the ‘07 boys in orange. Congratulations on the bronze medal achievement.
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Business urges guarantee for EU employees
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Russia sends spy ship near US coast, deploys banned missiles at home, officials say – Fox News
A Russian spy ship was spotted patrolling off the East Coast of the United States on Tuesday morning, the first such instance during the Trump administration — and the same day it was learned the Kremlin had secretly deployed controversial cruise missiles inside Russia and flew within 200 yards of a U.S. Navy destroyer, U.S. officials told Fox News.
The Russian ship was in international waters, 70 miles off the coast of Delaware and heading north at 10 knots, according to one official. The U.S. territory line is 12 nautical miles.
It was not immediately clear where the ship is headed.
Later Tuesday, a U.S. official confirmed to Fox News that Russia had deployed ground-launched cruise missiles to two locations inside the country in December. The New York Times first reported that the Obama administration had previously seen the missiles — then in a testing phase — as a violation of a 1987 treaty between the U.S. and Russia that banned ground-launched intermediate-range missiles.
But Russia has pressed ahead with its program, apparently testing a Trump administration which has sought better ties with Moscow — but is also fresh off the loss of National Security Adviser Michael Flynn, who resigned Monday night in the wake of a scandal surrounding their communications with Russia.
Adding to the aggressive actions, Fox News confirmed a report from The Washington Free Beacon that four Russian jets buzzed the USS Porter in the Black Sea on Friday. The destroyer was roughly 186 miles southwest of Crimea and roughly 50 miles off the coast of Romania, a U.S. official said.
The jets buzzed the destroyer over course of “several hours,” the official said without specifying. A Russian IL-38 maritime patrol aircraft came in first, followed by two Su-24 attack jets, and then a single Su-24.
All approached “low and fast,” the official added, saying the ship was conducting “routine operations in international waters.”
The USS Porter made repeated radio calls to the Russian jets, but the calls were ignored. The jets had their transponders turned off, the official said.
“There were several incidents involving multiple Russian aircraft,” Navy Capt. Danny Hernandez, spokesperson for the European Command, told The Free Beacon. “They were assessed by the commanding officer as unsafe and unprofessional.”
The ship, the SSV-175 Viktor Leonov, last sailed near the U.S. in April 2015, an official said. It was also seen in Havana in January 2015. Capable of intercepting communications or signals, known as SIGINT, the ship can also measure U.S. Navy sonar capabilities, a separate official said. The Russian spy ship is also armed with surface-to-air missiles. “It's not a huge concern, but we are keeping our eyes on it,” one official said. This action by the Russian military follows recent missile test launches by Iran and North Korea. In the past, Russian spy ships have loitered off the coast of Kings Bay, Ga., home to a U.S. Navy ballistic missile submarine base. During the Cold War, Russian intelligence gathering ships routinely parked off U.S. submarine bases along the East Coast In September 2015, another Russian spy ship was spotted near the U.S. outside the submarine base in Kings Bay. Outside of U.S. intelligence gathering satellites monitoring the Russian spy ship's voyage north, there are several airborne platforms along the East Coast that could be used by the U.S. military to monitor the Russian ship, according to one official. Currently there are four U.S. Navy warships in the Atlantic off the coast of Norfolk participating in normal training, but none have been tasked with shadowing the Russian spy ship. There are no U.S. Navy aircraft carriers nearby. The USS Eisenhower, an aircraft carrier, is currently off the coast of Florida doing carrier qualifications, with young pilots making their first landings. Ike does not currently have strike aircraft. Last April, Russian Su-24s buzzed the USS Donald Cook in the Baltic Sea flying as low as 30 feet above the ocean and coming very close to the American warship. (Lucas Tomlinson) Link: http://www.foxnews.com/us/2017/02/14/russia-sends-spy-ship-near-us-coast-deploys-banned-missiles-at-home-officials-say.html
403 total views, 403 views today
IT was supposed to be a hearing about #CocoyGate, but Cocoy Dayao was nowhere to be found. As Sen. Grace Poe, chairperson of the committee in charge of the hearing said, Silent No More was ironically silent. There was no one at the hearing who came forward to represent it.
Advertisements
I have a strong feeling that this was part of the defense plan of the handlers of Cocoy Dayao, or of Silent No More PH, assuming that the two are in fact different entities.
It was a deliberate move not only to delay the proceedings and buy them more time to cover their tracks and to weave a lie that would be plausible enough for us to at least give them a fair hearing. It was also to set up the situation to enable them to draw the first blood.
Whoever is directing this knew that RJ Nieto aka Thinking Pinoy and Mocha Uson, as well as other pro-Duterte social media bloggers would be there.
And it was also interesting that Rappler was conveniently absent, the same Rappler which took the lead through Maria Ressa, its head who even went on an international road tour in complaining about fake news. Ressa was even quoted as saying that it was about time for them to retake the Internet. It is interesting that a hearing about fake news would suddenly scare off Rappler enough not to send anyone of its top journalists to represent its interests which it has projected to be under assault by the pro-Duterte social media enablers.
What was also interesting is that the whole Senate minority contingent composed of anti-Duterte Liberal Party senators, with Akbayan's Risa Hontiveros and Antonio Trillanes 4th, were in full force. And while the jailed Leila de Lima failed to attend, they were nevertheless amply represented at the hearing. Senators Kiko Pangilinan, Bam Aquino and Hontiveros made sure that they would not be forgotten when they imaged her, or rather, the door of their office, as a victim of pro-Duterte social media.
And thus, a hearing triggered by the acts of Silent No More PH, with pro-Duterte social enablers invited to become resource persons, and where the presence of RJ Nieto aka Thinking Pinoy was made necessary –because of their exposé on the anomalous behavior of anonymous blogsites which escape any accountability for their posts, and which have offended even the senators—was turned into a hearing about Nieto's misconduct, and also Mocha Uson's.
This, even as Cocoy Dayao was spared, at least for the moment.
And this has provided the enablers of Silent No More PH the opportunity to milk the hearing of narratives that would be detrimental to Nieto and Uson. After all, Dayao's alleged involvement, and the identity of their handlers and the people behind Silent No More PH, have escaped the Senate's scrutiny. At best, the names revealed by Senator Villar, and the connections of Cocoy to other political personalities, and even the bombshell Nieto revealed about Mar Roxas are all hearsay.
The void left by Cocoy's absence was conveniently filled by mainstream media reportage that zeroed in on the negative representations of Nieto and Uson, and focused on the ethical ramifications of their involvement in social media blogging despite their being in government.
Thus, the bloggers who publicly disclosed their identities were the ones who got the first beating from the Senate and from mainstream media. They were taken to task with regard to their public accountability. Mocha was berated for continuing their social blogging despite their position as an assistant secretary. Nieto, who is a mere consultant and therefore not a government employee, was also taken to task.
And the social media spin was swift. Memes and posts flooded social media attacking Nieto and Uson. People I know associated with mainstream media outfits joined the fray, either by subtly posting defenses of their networks, to attacking more directly their obvious targets.
This is alarming.
Mocha is being taken to task for expressing their pro-Duterte stance in their social media blogs because they are now an assistant secretary when in fact part of their job is to promote the President in social media. And then you see members of mainstream media, journalists whose job is to report the news as objectively as they can, now posting in social media, micro-blogging their attacks on public personalities, such as Mocha and Nieto, and even the President, whom they are in fact obliged to treat fairly in their line of work.
So, the issue now is whose conflict of interest and whose unethical conduct are we now being taken to task?
Lost in the spin is the issue of the accountability of those social media bloggers who hide behind the anonymity of Silent No More PH and the others which Nieto, Sass Rogando Sasot and VOVPH have exposed.
Fortunately, Nieto and Uson, and other social media bloggers called to the hearing, were able to respond to the situation in a manner that, when captured on live-streamed video, provided the public with an alternative reading of the events.
And this is what those who thought they could get away with blindsiding and demonizing Nieto and Uson have failed to take into account.
The world which Nieto and Uson, and other social media enablers, thrive is one that defies not only anonymity, but biased spins.
It is easy for Cocoy Dayao, or for the people behind Silent No More PH, to hide behind their anonymity. But they cannot hide forever.
And it was easy for their enablers to set up the hearing so that they could spin the news, both through mainstream and social media. But they could not hide the raw and unedited narrative which media itself provided when they video-streamed the hearing live.
If this is not karma, then you tell me.
TOKYO: The Japanese coastguard said Friday it had discovered a dozen bodies inside a Chinese fishing boat that capsized after a collision with a Hong Kong oil tanker off Japan's western coast the previous day.
Advertisements
“Our divers found all the bodies of the missing 12 crew members inside the ship,” a coastguard official told Agence France-Presse.
Thursday's collision occurred 400 kilometers (250 miles) north of the Oki Islands in the Sea of Japan, also known as the East Sea.
The Chinese vessel, the 290-ton “Lurong Yuanyu 378”, had 16 crew members in total. Four have already been rescued.
The Hong Kong-flagged ship was identified as “Brightoil Lucky”, a 63,294-ton tanker carrying 21 crewmembers.
The tanker's crew were believed to be safe.
Japan had deployed three patrol boats to search for the missing crew, after responding to a plea for help from their Chinese counterparts.
AFP
New Delhi [India], Feb 3 (ANI): In the wake of the increased allocation to infrastructure in the Union Budget 2018-19, credit-rating body ICRA noted that this would provide a significant boost to the rural economy.
"The total capital outlay for infrastructure sector has been budgeted to increase by 20.8 percent to Rs. 5.97 lakh crore in 2018-19. Apart from the core railways, and roads, the special focus of this budget has been on rural infrastructure through development of rural roads, houses, sanitation, irrigation and water supply which will provide a significant boost to the rural economy," it said in a statement.
To meet the government's target of housing for all by 2022, the budget announced the construction of additional 51 lakh houses in rural areas. Similarly, capital outlay under PMAY (Urban) has been increased sharply which includes assistance for constructing 37 lakh homes in urban areas. The budget emphasised on the completion of on-going high priority irrigation projects and increased allocation under PMKSY-AIBP.
However, ICRA noted that the deepening of bond markets is required to support long-term infrastructure financing especially given the twin challenges faced by commercial banks - asset-liability management and increasing share of stressed assets. Relaxation of rating threshold (from AA to A), it said, is a positive, as it would encourage more participation from domestic insurance companies and pension funds in infrastructure sector.
On the roadways front, ICRA said the total budgetary allocations (including PBFF, CRF and GBS) to fund the ambitious new highway development programme (including Bharatmala) is estimated at Rs. 3,43,045 crore over FY2019-FY2022, and therefore, the allocations to road ministry was expected to increase substantially, as against the nominal 8.7 percent hike.
"Majority of the Bharatmala is expected to be undertaken through NHAI, therefore to bridge the shortfall in budgetary allocations, NHAI is expected to raise funds by monetising more assets through toll-operate-transfer and Infrastructure Investment Trust routes (by transferring mature assets to SPVs)," ICRA said.(ANI)
The boss who regularly throws things on the floor blackmails people and blatantly abuses people.
According to staff, this man is none other than Mduduzi Manana.
Allegations made by the deputy minister's staff is that they throw diaries and mobile phones when they are angry, employees are forced to perform work for them at home, and they locked up an employee in a dark office as punishment.
This behavior is allegedly already stretched over a period of five years.
Educational experts are very upset about the revelations, just after being charged with assault on two women in a nightclub. They are concerned about the education of students in the hands of a person with such a reputation.
Meanwhile, Bathabile Dlamini, the highly-debated Social Development Minister, is in trouble because they allegedly said no action should be taken against Manana as there are many government officials and leaders who commit much greater crimes than Manana.
Them words prompted so much controversy, and they are now asked what the major crimes of which Minister Dlamini knows and why are they concealed? It makes them just as guilty as they do not report the offences they know are committed.
Read the original article in Afrikaans on Die Vryburger
South Africa Today – South Africa News
In theory, showers are pretty simple: all you have to do is turn them on and adjust the temperature.
But why is it that whenever you go on holiday, the hotel shower has so many confusing knobs that you suddenly feel like you need instructions?
Can someone tell me why figuring out how to use a hotel shower be so difficult? I swear it's like operating a battleship. — Mr.Smith (@LifeofMrSmith) September 24, 2017
Staying in a hotel should be a luxury, after all – if it wasn't for the years you spend trying to figure out how to successfully shower. And if you've ever been struck by this hotel bathroom bafflement, trust us, you're not alone.
People have been sharing their pictures of some of the most OTT hotel showers they've encountered on their travels.
There is a serious excess of knobs in this one…
I'm glad I already solved this hotel shower when it was a puzzle in “Myst.” pic.twitter.com/jkjphXyAje — Bethany Nowviskie (@nowviskie) October 4, 2017
This poor holiday-maker, meanwhile, realised the shower had unfortunately got the best of them Let's just hope Holly's natural odour is a sweet one.
Some days you realize you are not smart enough to shower. Hotel 1 Holly 0 pic.twitter.com/E7aJJhy3wu — Holly Rowe (@sportsiren) September 25, 2017
This one actually provides instructions for operating the shower – but it's not like they make things any clearer, is it?!
UX Fail:1. Hotel shower shouldn't need instructions. 2. "adjust temp" isn't specific enough. Which direction is hot? pic.twitter.com/JMeXy86lxQ — Brian Okken (@brianokken) September 1, 2017
As did this one, but you'll probably need an engineering degree to understand what ‘depress collar on shower feed pipe' actually means.
And even if you do manage to turn the darn thing on, there's no guarantee the temperature will be anywhere near what you want.
That feeling when the hotel shower mechanics are an exotic mystery and you alternately freeze or scald the wrong parts of your body… — Roger Davies (@rogercdavies) September 26, 2017
Never mind the action of the James Bond franchise, because this Twitter user was more impressed at how they navigated a shower.
the most impressive scene in any spy movie is in Casino Royale when james bond is in a hotel shower and knows immediately how to use it. — Sophia Benoit (@1followernodad) October 4, 2017
But why are hotel showers so peculiarly complex? Unfortunately, there are no real answers to that question.
Perhaps hotels across the world have got together to elaborately troll poor holidaymakers? But then again, whiffy unwashed guests aren't exactly appealing…
For now, we'll be trying to successfully shower, instead of figuring out if there's a global hotel conspiracy in action.
© Press Association 2017
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Netflix has increased the price of its streaming service in the UK and US.
The monthly cost of a basic plan in the UK will remain at £5.99 but users will have to pay more for standard and premium memberships.
The price change will take effect immediately for new subscribers, while existing members will be given 30 days notice.
A standard UK membership, which allows users to watch in HD and on two screens at the same time, has risen from £7.49 to £7.99 per month.
The monthly fee for a premium account, which allows subscribers to view programmes on four different screens simultaneously and watch in HD and Ultra HD where available, has increased from £8.99 to £9.99.
A spokesperson for the streaming service said: "From time to time, Netflix plans and pricing are adjusted as we add more exclusive TV shows and movies, introduce new product features and improve the overall Netflix experience to help members find something great to watch even faster."
They added that more than 1,000 hours of original content was being added to the site in 2017.
The price change for existing customers will be rolled out in the next few months.
How to avoid the price hike
Netflix currently offers two other price plans alongside the asupervisorstioned 'Standard' package, reports the Mirror.
One option is to switch to the £5.99 a month 'basic' package - however this limits you to only one screen at a time and only standard definition picture quality.
5 UK alternatives to Netflix
Ship Your Car Now Expands Car Shipping Business New office needed for additional staff to service demand for vehicle shipping. 1 2 Vehicle Shipping - Car Hauler sycnlogo BOCA RATON, Fla. - Aug. 14, 2017 - PRLog -- An industry leader, Ship Your Car Now (
This new corporate expansion surge includes several new staff, and a continued search for vehicle shipping agents.
"The growth at the company is exciting, and we are very pleased to be able to offer more auto transport services domestically and overseas," says Gavin Kesten, SYCN's CEO. "Ship Your Car Now, is becoming a strong brand in the market as we near 100,000 vehicles shipped. Our Heavy Haul, also continues to grow as our specialized agents really understand the space," added Kesten.
The expansion was also necessary to accommodate growth in other business services at Ship Your Car Now. In addition to car shipping, SYNC specializes in shipment logistics of construction, manufacturing, industrial and agriculture equipment, as well as oil/ energy equipment. These services fall into the Heavy Equipment Shipping, or what insiders call "Heavy Haul."
Learn more about Ship Your Car Now, view car shipping rates, get a quote, check out reviews and more at
Contact
ShipYourCarNow.com
Jeff Stanislow
866-390-0354
***@shipyourcarnow.com
Photos:
https://www.prlog.org/ 12658120/1
https://www.prlog.org/ 12658120/2 ShipYourCarNow.comJeff Stanislow866-390-0354 End -- An industry leader, Ship Your Car Now ( www.shipyourcarnow.com ) features standard domestic door-to-door shipment, pickup and delivery + international shipping, as well as oversize vehicles and marine vessels. Now announcing corporate expansion with new offices relocated to 1160 South Rogers Circle, BOCA RATON, FL 33487.This new corporate expansion surge includes several new staff, and a continued search for vehicle shipping agents."The growth at the company is exciting, and we are very pleased to be able to offer more auto transport services domestically and overseas," says Gavin Kesten, SYCN's CEO. "Ship Your Car Now, is becoming a strong brand in the market as we near 100,000 vehicles shipped. Our Heavy Haul, also continues to grow as our specialized agents really understand the space," added Kesten.The expansion was also necessary to accommodate growth in other business services at Ship Your Car Now. In addition to car shipping, SYNC specializes in shipment logistics of construction, manufacturing, industrial and agriculture equipment, as well as oil/ energy equipment. These services fall into the Heavy Equipment Shipping, or what insiders call "Heavy Haul."Learn more about Ship Your Car Now, view car shipping rates, get a quote, check out reviews and more at www.shipyourcarnow.com Source : Ship Your Car Now Email : ***@shipyourcarnow.com Tags : Car Shipping , Vehicle Shipping , Auto Transport Industry : Automotive , Shipping , Transportation Location : Boca Raton - Florida - United States Subject : Events Account Phone Number Disclaimer Report Abuse Account Email AddressAccount Phone Number
Adriana Lima and self-help BF are still dating Lima posted an Instagram Story that featured a photo of themselves with Metin Hara with the words, “My Love?"
What breakup? Adriana Lima and Metin Hara are still dating The Victoria's Secret model is still dating their Turkish boyfriend, despite rumors they have split.
Adriana Lima needs a really good reason to get naked from now on It's unclear exactly what prompted Lima's change of heart, but it's possible they were influenced by their latest love, Turkish writer Metin Hara.
Models kick off Art Basel with champagne-soaked party The soiree was hosted by supermodel Adriana Lima and Caroline Scheufele.
These workouts get Victoria's Secret models runway-ready This year's Shanghai-based Victoria's Secret Fashion Show may have taken some diplomatic maneuvering, but the Angels were the ones doing the real heavy lifting. In the months leading up to...
Victoria's Secret Fashion Show goes on after slew of controversies The annual panty parade went ahead with Bella Hadid, Adriana Lima and Lily Aldridge.
Rihanna's NYFW cameo pushed the limits of sexy badassery Nothing quite prepared the crowd at Rihanna's Fenty x Puma show at the Park Avenue Armory on Sunday night for the thrills to come. After a brief announcement asking guests...
Former Minister of Aviation,Femi Fani-Kayode has vowed to respond vigorously as soon as they get the court papers from Rotimi Amaechi's lawyer.
Minister of Transportation, Amaechi had in a letter by their lawyer demanded a retraction of statements linking them to the $43m haul at Ikoyi.
Responding to the threat, Fani-Kayode said through their aide Jude Ndukwe: “We have been inundated with calls concerning about a threat by Rotimi Amaechi to sue Chief Fani-Kayode for defamation over the 43 million USD issue.
“We are not any sleep over this matter. We have not received any court processes or letters from Ameachi but when we do so our lawyers will respond vigorously and appropriately. ..”
Find out how things have changed over the decades as we revisit the locations where old photographs were taken.
This week, Rushden and Kettering. With thanks to Glyn Dobbs
AUGUSTA, Ga. (WJBF) – Augusta commissioners are facing whether honoring veterans is worth changing a historic road name.
Commissioner Bill Fennoy has been working for months to drop John C. Calhoun's name from the expressway.
Tuesday, a motion to change it to Veterans Expressway failed in committee sending to the full board without a recommendation.
Commissioners haven't been in support of dropping Calhoun's name in the past, but that was before Veterans Expressway was proposed.
“I could support Veterans, Veterans Highway we haven't had any conversation I'm going to ask some questions George, that's what I want to know where do we stop who else is there in line how did we choose the name veterans a lot of other things need to be answered,” said Commissioner Marion Williams.
Despite the questions, Commissioner Fennoy says they will move forward next week to change the name to Veterans Expressway.
BUENOS AIRES, Argentina (AP) " An Argentine prosecutor is seeking judicial permission to investigate President Mauricio Macri and two other high level officials over last year's settlement of a debt owed to the government by a company owned by the president's father.
Federal prosecutor Juan Pedro Zoni says the settlement did not protect the public interest adequately and the officials should be investigated. A federal judge must now decide whether an investigation is warranted for Macri, Communication Minister Oscar Aguad and the ministry's director of legal affairs, Juan Manuel Mocoroa.
The case involves Correo Argentino, the country's post office that was owned by the president's father in the 1990s until it went bankrupt in 2001. The government agreed last year to settle the debt of almost 300 million pesos by having the company pay back twice that amount but in installments spread out until 2033.
Last week, the general prosecutor of the Appellate Court, Gabriela Boquin, ruled the deal was prejudicial to the state.
Police warning to under 18s in Newquay
Teenagers are being told there are no under 18 nights in Newquay for the next two weeks.
Police in Newquay are warning teenagers, that they will be dealt with if they're found with alcohol.
Operation Exodus sees officers patrolling the town, as youngsters visit to celebrate the end of their exams.
Police say they've already seized alcohol and nitrous oxide - also known as laughing gas- from youngsters in Newquay.
Inhaling nitrous oxide can cause vomiting , unconsciousness and even death and police say they will seize any canisters they find.
Parents are being warned that all under 18 "dry nights" in Newquay have been cancelled for the next two weeks, meaning teenagers will not be able to get in to any bars or clubs in the town.
Officers are working with Cornwall council and local businesses to crack down on underage drinking.
As part of this they're meeting teenagers at the train station, offering advice about anti-social behaviour and alcohol-related issues in the town.
Newquay Police Inspector Dave Meredith says "Police can and will seize alcohol from anybody drinking in any public area. This includes beaches and sand dunes".
EVANS, Ga. (WJBF) — The Greenbrier Wolfpack defeated Lakeside 5-0 in game one of their three-game series on Monday night.
Sophomore pitcher Bryce Melear gave up four hits in a complete-game shutout for Greenbrier (20-6, 10-3), which now holds a two-game lead over Lakeside (15-8, 8-5) in the 6A Region 3 standings.
Game two is Wednesday night at Greenbrier.
Considered one of the most-acclaimed actors in the country today, John Lloyd Cruz will be taking a breather from showbiz.
Advertisements
In a statement sent to The Manila Times on Friday, Kane Choa, head for Integrated Corporate
Communications of their home network said, “ABS-CBN and John Lloyd Cruz have agreed for them to take an indefinite leave of absence to attend to personal matters.”
Choa added that the 34-year-old Kapamilya actor will return after their leave but did not give an exact timeframe.
“John Lloyd will be taking a break outside the country and will return to ABS-CBN after their leave of absence,” they added.
It can be remembered that Cruz made headlines last month when videos of them and “Home
Sweetie Home” co-star Ellen Adarna went viral during their Cebu getaway.
The two have posted their sweet photos on personal social media accounts but never admitted anything about their relationship status.
Cruz was last seen at the Star Magic Ball on September 30 but avoided the press in the red carpet.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Nothing is more likely to start an argument in a supermarket car park than sailing into the last parent and child spot on a busy Saturday afternoon kid free.
We've all spotted people doing it - and perhaps one or two of us would even admit to doing it.
But it's not a move that's illegal, despite it being infuriating for families.
Traffic wardens are powerless to penalise motorists unless they're parked in a council-owned car park or on the street, making it easy for motorists to break the rules.
Instead these spaces have rules set and enforced by the supermarkets themselves.
So what do stores say about the problem?
Tesco
Tesco initiated a trial scheme at 81 of its stores last year, which will soon be rolled out to 200 nationwide, say the Birmingham Mail .
The store's staff will use the app to take pictures of vehicles parked in disabled bays without Blue Badges or taking up spaces designated for parents with children under 12.
The evidence collected will be sent to Horizon Parking.
There have been rumours that £25 fines could be introduced - but no official confirmation of this from Tesco.
Tesco says it is not a money-making scheme as the fines will only cover the costs plus fees.
A spokesperson said: "Many disabled customers rely on our disabled parking bays, so we've introduced our self-monitoring initiative to highlight the importance of using the bays properly, making it fairer and easier for everyone to find a space."
Sainsbury's
Sainsbury's say they patrol to make sure spaces are being used as instructed - adding that the majority of their customers use parking spaces as they are intended.
The spokesperson for the retailer said: "Our parking attendants patrol the disabled and parent/child spaces.
"Most of our customers use them as intended but if they don't, they will in the first instance be asked to move and if they refuse, they'll be issued with a £60 Parking Charge Notice (fine)."
Asda
Asda said that they patrol their car parks 24 hours a day to deter irresponsible parkers.
An Asda spokesperson said: "We monitor our car parks 24 hours a day and do as much as we can to prevent the misuse of disabled parking and parent and child bays.
"Any customer found to be parking in a disabled bay who doesn't have a valid blue badge or is misusing parent and child bays will receive a Parking Charge Notice.
"This is to ensure these spaces are kept available for the customers who need them the most. If customers have any questions regarding this, our colleagues in store will be more than happy to help."
Aldi
Budget retailer Aldi said that they don't have strict regulations.
A spokesperson for the German discounter said: "We offer parent and child, and disabled car parking spaces at all of our standard stores across the UK. These spaces are positioned in a convenient location to allow easy access to the store.
"Although we don't enforce strict regulations, these dedicated parking spaces are honoured and appreciated by the large majority of our customers."
HSBC Malaysia to invest $250 mln to build HQ in TRX financial district
KUALA LUMPUR, June 15 HSBC's Malaysian subsidiary said it would invest $250 million to acquire land and build its headquarters at the Tun Razak Exchange (TRX) financial district.
UNM will be looking to avenge a January loss to the Spartans in California while also trying to start a new winning streak after beating Utah State at Dreamstyle Arena Wednesday.
After a strong start to the season in which they went 15-1, the Lobos (17-6, 5-5 MW) have lost some of their momentum in recent weeks. A win over SJSU would give them consecutive victories for the first time since early January.
'We can't do it alone' - Jacinda Ardern promises a partnership with Maori on problems they face
The PM says the Government can only make the gains it wants if it works in partnership with Maori.
Southern Ocean County Chamber of Commerce continues it's Open for Business program with Ocean County College Continuing and Professional Education Business Engagement Program. March class features four hours focus on Commercial Lease basics
Contact
Lori Pepenella
***@sochamber.com Lori Pepenella
End
-- The Southern Ocean County Chamber recognizes that success or failure of any business could be linked to basic terms of the lease you sign. Commercial Leases differ significantly from residential leases. New/Existing business owners and landlords will learn legal firm Carluccio, Leone, Dimon, Doyle & Sacks, LLC on what they need to understand.Using an actual commercial lease topics to be covered include: How Commercial Leases Differ from Residential Leases; What is a Commercial Lease? Making sure parties and property are clearly identified; Making sure that landlord and tenant responsibilities are clearly identified; understanding cost responsibility;who pays for maintenance, insurance, taxes; renovation costs; utilities; landscape and/or snow removal; The Americans with Disabilities Act; Subleasing – why it may be important; and Procedures for dispute resolution and conditions for lease termination.Anyone interested in taking the class can choose either date scheduled March 2 or March 99:00am – 1:00pm at the Southern Ocean County Chamber of Commerce Building in Ship Bottom.For more information on how to register or join the chamber, please contact Southern Ocean Chamber office at 609 494 7211 or stop in at 265 West Ninth Street Ship Bottom NJ M-F 10am to 4pm. Stay connected on Facebook and Instagram as Southern Ocean Chamber and tune in on Mondays 9am and 6pm for the LBI Region Report Radio Show on WBNJ 91.9FM or at www.visitLBIRegion.com Follow us on social media as LBI Region or Southern Ocean Chamber
SEOUL South Korea's Samsung Heavy Industries Co Ltd said on Tuesday all production has been halted in its Geoje shipyard due to an order from local authorities after a fatal crane collapse.
Five people died and about 20 were injured when the crane collapsed on Monday at the shipyard during construction of an oil platform for French energy company Total, the two companies said.
Samsung Heavy said in a filing the halt could affect ongoing construction of vessels and offshore structures and that work would resume after local authorities approve safety measures. It did not say when that would be.
A Samsung heavy spokesperson could not be immediately reached for comment.
(Reporting by Joyce Lee; Editing by Nick Macfie)
We all have different beliefs and emotions about money that impacts our ability to earn, our need to spend and our potential to save or create the financial security that we desire, and we can all take control off them too.
Home page
Contact
Your Wealth Vault
***@yourwealthvault.com.au Your Wealth Vault
End
-- There are plenty of triggers in our lives leading to financial stress: too much debt, not enough money, kids, marriage and the list can go on.Knowing how to manage your money is one of the largest stressors on relationships. If you can reduce your worry, you will be able to focus more on your life and relax knowing you have a plan that can help you in the short term and even start on the path of building wealth and financial security.How to BudgetThe number one way to manage your money is to develop a plan. You don't have to find a financial adviser; you just need to find a good online budgeting tool, one that's simple to use and you don't need a degree in accounting to understand.At first, you may think that a budget is only going to add to your financial stress, but it is the best tool you have to get control of your finances and stop worrying about money.By understanding where your money comes from and where it goes, in good detail, you will soon have a very clear grasp of what it takes to get under control. There is a new budgeting tool available, like an online budgeting spreadsheet, but simpler, and it's called Your Spending Plan ( https://www.yourwealthvault.com.au/# course ), which makes a lot of sense because a budget ends up showing you what money you have left to spend.Usually a budget takes a lot of time to setup and develop but not in this case. A series of nurturing questions guides you to completing the framework of your budget without even knowing you are doing so.If you can complete a budget, and in this case it's super easy, you have control over your money and it can lead to changing your financial situation. Without it you're running blind, waiting to stumble and fall.Get an Emergency FundYou never know when something out of the ordinary is going to happen. Your car needs to be repaired, or is due for a service, you need a holiday, your child has a once in a lifetime opportunity that costs money: these are all expenses that you hadn't necessarily planned for.If you have an emergency fund, you have money set aside to cover unexpected expenses and financial emergencies. It is also easier to use the money in your budget the way you planned if you know you have the extra money in the bank ready to cover the unexpected emergencies that may crop up.Get Financial AdviceIf you find yourself struggling to work on your budgeting planning don't be afraid to get outside help. A financial adviser can help you create a long-term investing strategy that will help you plan for retirement, but it certainly helps to have your basic budget in place first. It's not a nice feeling to be overwhelmed by debt.The great thing about creating your spending plan is how it leads you through the process of how to budget by asking easy everyday questions and by the time you have answered them, your picture is painted.Monitor, Review and Amend Your BudgetFinancial issues are usually a combination of income and spending imbalances. If you know that you do not make enough money, decide what you can do to change the situation. If you have a spending problem you need to know specifically where it is and how you can adjust it. To see it all in black and white in the form of an easy-to-follow plan can help you change your situation permanently, and should be able to reduce your stress.You need to monitor and review your spending plan constantly to stay on track. By monitoring your spending you can determine whether you are spending more or less money than you allocated to each category.Be Positive and It Will ShowNo matter what is going on with your finances you must have a positive outlook. This will manifest itself in your day-to-day approach to money. While you may wonder how this can help you achieve financial security and in building wealth, it can make a big difference in the amount of stress that you feel. You can do this by tracking your progress towards your financial goals.You can change your financial situation, and you will find it easier to accomplish if you are not worried and afraid all of the time.We all have different beliefs and emotions about money that impacts our ability to earn, our need to spend and our potential to save or create the financial security that we desire and we can all take control off them too.Your Wealth Vault is the creator of this great new online budgeting tool, Your Spending Plan ( https://www.yourwealthvault.com.au/ ), a simple and easy to use resource which will educate you to understand how your money works. By understanding the flow of your money you can easily get on track, start building wealth and establish financial security for your future. Your Spending Plan is a web first – you haven't seen a budgeting savings tool like this before – it's so simple to use it almost completes itself.
Chris Fidler reviews The Wedding Present at the Roadmender
Sitting at the wheel, waiting for the lights to change, motorists stopping for a moment outside The Roadmender must've been wondering what all the fuss was about.
Legions of men in their 40s and 50s, most not bothering with a coat on the coldest night of the year, politely queuing around the corner, arms straight down, hands thrust in pockets, like a straggle of giddy King Emperor penguins.
David Gedge can have this effect on a man of a certain age. Like a modern-day pied piper, they rock up in the UK's town and city centres, doing the seemingly impossible – prising those who should know better off their sofas, away from the telly and into a place where the younger things normally roam.
And for what? To hear a plain-speaking Yorkshireman careering towards their sixth decade.
Revisiting songs from their second. About their girlfriend. Who left him.
Tragic? Not a bit of it. Along with The Smiths, The Wedding Present were the main soundtrackers to the lives of the 1980s' cooler kids. Those teens are now, well, not teens, but Gedge's songs live on.
Replaying The Wedding Present's brittle nought-to-heartbreak-in-60-seconds George Best album to mark 30 years since its release, the tunes sound fresher, if less relevant to their current love life, than they ever did.
Latest guitarist Marcus Kain, not even a glint in the eye when George Best was released, added an extra sonic dimension to Gedge's breakneck classics – while throwing in some heady rock glamour with rock poses that would have been so out of place and fashion 30 years ago, but which the riffs clearly deserve.
And The Roadmender crowd – which, to be fair, also included a large smattering of seemingly smitten women – couldn't catch their breath.
After a low-key start, a sizeable throng of moshers sprang into life to Best-opener, Everyone Thinks They Look Daft. And to mosh kept going for the last hour.
No mean feat considering the album is so one-paced – Gedge even quipped: “It's time for a slow one now. Not really, there's no slow ones.”
A revamped A Million Miles – no question a contender for best indie lament of the past 30 years – a brutal All This And More and stone-cold classic My Favourite Dress had such an effect on the crowd the bouncers – all nonchalant smiles at the start – began popping up like thick-necked nervy meerkats, surveying the mess, ready to pounce.
Best over with, there was no respite, with the inevitable turbo-charged set closers of Bizzaro-era Kennedy and Bewitched. All broken strings and battered guitar, Gedge could hardly form the words “thank you and goodnight” as the house lights came on.
Try getting anyone up from the sofa the next day. I dare you.
* The show took place on Friday December 8. Visit scopitones.co.uk for details of future tour dates.
As political fixes go, the inaction over Portlaoise hospital is not usual. Politicians know they are more likely to draw flak for taking a difficult decision, even the right one, than for doing nothing.
The decision facing Minister for Health Simon Harris is whether to curtail specific services at the hospital, notably 24/7 emergency cover and the maternity unit, on foot of concerns over safety expressed in numerous reports in recent years.
A draft action plan for the hospital has been ping-ponging between the Dublin Midlands Hospital Group and the Department of Health since the start of last year, before finally coming to rest on the Minister's desk last December.
It is believed to set out major changes in the way the hospital is run. Depending on which options are selected, some services are likely to move out of Portlaoise to other hospitals in the group, while other, lower-complexity work would be expanded in the hospital.
Softened
This is a “least-worst” solution that has worked reasonably well in Roscommon, where the controversial closure of the emergency department has been softened by an increase in elective procedures.
In a similar vein, the forthcoming report of the Oireachtas committee on the future of healthcare suggests one hospital per hospital group should do elective work only.
The Midlands Regional Hospital, Portlaoise, to give the hospital its proper name, has been the focus of controversy since 2012, when news emerged of a series of tragic and unnecessary baby deaths. Subsequent reports into the hospital have been critical of the emergency department and surgical care in addition to the maternity unit.
The scandal prompted greater investment in maternity services, and a link-up with the Coombe women's hospital in Dublin. In other ways, though, the situation has got worse rather than better.
Due no doubt to concerns over safety, the number of women giving birth in Portlaoise has plummeted, from a high of more than 2,300 in 2010 to 1,400 last year. High-risk pregnancies are diverted to Dublin in recognition of the challenges such cases pose to the limited resources in Portlaoise.
Out-of-hours
Meanwhile, the number of patients treated out of hours in the emergency department remains low – as few as a handful on some nights. Ambulances carrying serious surgical cases out-of-hours are often diverted to hospitals in Tullamore or Dublin.
It is simply not possible for doctors to maintain their skill levels with this low volume of patients. For this reason, the Health Information and Quality Authority last December repeated its earlier concerns about safety standards and the risk to patients. The uncertainty has made it even harder for the hospital to recruit staff, thus further adding to safety concerns.
Yet the stalemate is likely to continue, because no-one in Portlaoise – from Minister for Foreign Affairs Charlie Flanagan down – wants to see the hospital downgraded. Meanwhile, no-one outside the area cares all that much.
This might be acceptable so long as nothing goes wrong, but if it does, politicians will not be able to claim they were not forewarned.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Derbyshire has been blessed with week after week of glorious sunshine recently – and it looks like that's not set to change any time soon.
Temperatures across Derby and Derbyshire have rocketed in recent weeks to highs of 29C, prompting Severn Trent to caution people against excessive water usage.
And now, the Met Office is predicting that this hot weather is set to remain for at least the rest of the month.
Computer models show that the heat is set to remain through the rest of July and August, reports Wales Online.
(Image: Daily Mirror)
Chief Meteorologist from the Met Office, Will Lang, said: “The heatwave conditions will continue to affect pretty much all parts of the UK over the next few days.
“Although peak temperatures may not be quite as high as we have seen this week, we will still see temperatures widely in the mid to high 20°Cs with 30°C or more still possible across southern and some central parts of England.”
Met Office forecaster Helen Roberts said: “This week could see 33°C in the second half of the week, and next week looks much like last week and could come close to 35°C.
“Lots of very warm, dry, sunny and settled weather is ahead, and humid nights mean it will be difficult to sleep.”
We could even see similar conditions to the 1976 heatwave, when the UK suffered a severe drought and the average temperature reached its hottest since records began.
The Weather Outlook forecaster Brian Gaze said: “Parallels with the famous 1976 summer can be made.
“There's no sign of an end to the heat. Warmth looks like continuing for the first half of July and forecast models point to above-average temperatures for much of July and August.”
The forecasts come as Severn Trent asking people to be "neighbourly" and use water carefully, while United Utilities and Anglian Water are among other firms who have issued advice on cutting down on water use.
The forecast comes as fire crews have been battling forest fires during the hot spell, including near Alton Towers and the Derbyshire moors in the East Midlands.
We've launched our very own app for Android and Apple devices which can be tailored to deliver the news and sport that you're interested in.
To download the IOS app click here.
To download the Android app click here.
1 2 3 4 5 aluminum | 2pc steel/aluminum | 1pc steel | friction welded steel welded piston process IPD welded piston features Airton Martins (IPD's VP of Operations) IPD 1pc oil dam plate vs 2pc
End
-- Engine development over the last 20 years has resulted in significant piston design changes as a result of emissions requirements. Cylinder combustion specifications required new piston designs that could withstand increased pressures and heat.The more recent evolution of these designs is the friction welded steel piston, which allows manufacturers to produce crown and skirt sections separately utilizing optimized specifications (design/construction and metallurgy). These two sections are then friction (or inertia) welded together to form a very strong piston with enhanced performance characteristics.Airton Martins, IPD's Vice President of Operations, provided the following comments on some related questions that many customers are asking:Aluminum pistons work within a 1.6-1.8k PSI combustion pressure range, and 2pc articulated designs from around 2.3-2.6k PSI. Newer 1pc steel pistons allowed for increases to around a 2.6-3.2k PSI range, and friction welded pistons to around 3.5k PSI.Welded piston designs provide enhanced structural support under the ring lands, which can reduce wear and oil consumption due to flexing. This flexing can cause 2pc oil dam plates in 1pc pistons to snap out of place, resulting in catastrophic engine failure. This is why IPD designed an innovative 1pc oil dam plate. Lastly, 1pc pistons have overly thick top piston cross-sections to compensate for the lack of support under the ring lands, resulting in less efficient heat exchange compared to welded pistons where thinner cross-sections provide enhanced cooling characteristics.Welded piston construction allows for an enhanced structural design that provides all of the benefits of a 1pc steel piston without the limitations (such as the requirement of an oil dam plate to create an oil gallery in a 1pc piston). Oil gallery shapes can be optimized in different applications for improved cooling and heat exchange. Different steel alloys can also be specified for the crown section depending upon the application in order to prevent oxidation and/or corrosion around the bowl rim.IPD designed a unique manufacturing process that reduces variations from part to part ensuring maximum concentricity among all critical features, while maintaining the weight variation to minimal levels. IPD also has a unique in process quality inspection system that checks the critical features of our steel pistons at 100% frequency during production.Steel friction welded pistons ensure that you have an alternative to dealers.Steel pistons are manufactured by IPD in Torrance, California (USA), and are available for Caterpillar®C7, C13, C15, C18, C27 and C32 diesel engines. Buy IPD friction welded pistons with confidence, join the many customers worldwide that insist onSteel pistons for quality & cost savings.###Since 1955, Industrial Parts Depot has focused on manufacturing high quality replacement parts, providing equipment owners an alternative to dealers. IPD is known for quality products, technical innovation, & superior customer service/support. IPD offers diesel & natural gas replacement engine parts for Caterpillar®, Cummins®, Detroit Diesel®, Waukesha® & Volvo® engine applications.Innovative/unique steel pistons designed, engineered, & manufactured by IPD in Torrance, CA (USA) for HD engines (exclusively offered by IPD).
Female complainant says "today is a good day" after they were told a senior police officer would be charged with criminal offences following their sex complaint.
Criminal charges will be laid against a senior police officer in Northland after a woman made a complaint of sexual abuse.
A police source in Northland told the Herald that staff were told several hours ago of the impending arrest on "multiple very serious charges".
The complainant has posted on Facebook they were told charges would be laid and said "today is a good day people ... today is a good day!"
The officer will be charged with two counts of indecent assault and one of sexual violation, Detective Superintendent Chris Page said in a statement.
Advertisement
They will appear in the North Shore District Court in January next year.
The officer was stood down in April once the criminal investigation started.
There is also a parallel employment investigation, as well as a separate inquiry by the Independent Police Conduct Authority.
The complainant, who now lives in Australia, was the victim in a serious domestic violence prosecution the officer investigated 15 years ago.
The woman filed a formal complaint with the IPCA in April which alleged the officer became a "bit too friendly"; buying their flowers, asking them out for dinner and giving them a nickname.
"He asked me out for dinner and wanted me to wear a red or black dress. I declined and felt a bit weird about it. They then arrived at the house with wine and pizza."
Even though the woman, who was in their mid 20s, began to feel "uncomfortable with the situation" they said they felt pressured to engage with them as they were dealing with the case against their partner.
In their IPCA complaint, the woman described several alleged sexual encounters.
"I didn't know what to say or do so just lay there scared and in shock."
The IPCA is also investigating a leaked letter, revealed by the Herald, in which a police whistleblower warned bosses about an alleged sex scandal involving the officer.
The letter was sent to Northland district commander Superintendent Russell Le Prou in November 2016, but the officer was not questioned about the anonymous allegation.
The sex allegation was one paragraph in a five-page letter, without any times or dates or the name of any complainant, said police in response to previous Herald inquiries.
"Police considered that this single paragraph (a vague comment via two anonymous sources) did not provide a basis upon which to launch an investigation.
"No further information was forthcoming which altered that view."
But the letter was also not forwarded to the IPCA, even after an official investigation was launched in April, until the Herald revealed its existence.
FEES RISE: Residents will soon be hit with a fee hike when Bundaberg Regional Council implements a rise in dumping costs at the region's waste facilities.
DUMPING your rubbish at the region's waste facilities is about to cost even more.
From July 1, getting rid of a trailer load of waste will cost $15, $3 more than the current fee.
Dumping a car load of rubbish will cost residents $11 and a wheelie bin amount of waste will be $7 to dump.
Bundaberg Regional Council fee waste and recycling spokesperson Scott Rowleson said the fee hike was due to the expected approval of a dump voucher scheme for ratepayers at today's budget meeting, which will also adopt new fees and charges for local waste facilities.
Cr Rowleson said the two vouchers would provide ratepayers two free visits to a waste disposal facility at a time of their choosing.
"The free voucher message has been a constant in the conversation around waste service delivery for a long time and this is something council has heard loud and clear," they said.
"Residents do need to realise that this initiative comes at a cost to council with a potential loss of $1.3 million in revenue.
"Our waste facilities, through stringent environmental requirements, are expensive to maintain and anyone utilising these facilities will need to pay an appropriate charge."
But it's not all hikes.
Cr Rowleson said domestic green waste disposal had dropped 50c to $7.50 a load while the $5 individual charge for the disposal of e-waste including televisions and monitors had been dropped completely.
They said 70% of council waste charges would remain unchanged or decrease and only 30% would increase.
Cr Rowleson said they would be disappointed if residents turned to illegal dumping in the wake of the increases.
"Apart from the fines that are imposed on those caught engaging in illegal dumping, the perpetrators simply put more financial pressure back on the rest of the community who ultimately fund the clean-up of their mess," they said.
Dump fees:
Sedan or station wagon: Current $10, from July $11
Van, ute or trailer (all other waste): Current $12, from July $15
Sedan, station wagon, van, ute or trailer (green waste only): Current $8, from July $7.50
The world is moving at an ever-increasing pace. In fact, the world of technology has been doubling in power since 1965. This is primarily due to the amount and density of processing power that we can fit into a computer.
Embracing technological trends is likely to give you an edge in the future marketplace as your business gains agility, adaptability, and the opportunity to save you both time and money. The Boston Consulting Group published a study documenting the relationship between businesses and integration of new technologies. They found that businesses that integrated the cutting edge technology with their business doubled the amount of jobs and increased revenues by at least 15%. In this article, we will dive into the technology you should consider implementing into your business model in 2017.
1. The New Way to Work: Telecommuting
Along with the vast amount of resources presented by new technologies, it is important to be cognizant of the desires of the most valuable job seekers on the market.
Without looking too far, one can see the trend in millennial works to lean towards remote job opportunities. Although this route of business might seem anti-productive and unreasonable for the majority of marketplaces, there are many arguments praising the productivity that is spawned from allowing a remote business operation.
It is important to realize that business is becoming more abstract by the year. With software like email, business group applications, and the cloud, many businesses reap the benefits of improved productivity and diminished costs pertaining to renting a property for a workplace. Integrating a remote option into your business model will look great to job seekers and lower your overhead expenses.
2. Migrating to the Cloud
Owning and operating your own database gives you the flexibility of owning and modifying your information in any way you see fit. However, this flexibility can come with higher maintenance fees, utility bills, etc. Furthermore, you must maintain an IT infrastructure that requires the training and retraining of staff on certain applications and technologies.
Fortunately, the cloud is positioning itself to fix the costs of maintaining your own server. Building off of the idea of telecommuting, integrating a cloud server into your business will improve the ability to effectively communicate among your entire remote workforce. With apps made for product development, product management, synced calendars, and shared workspaces, your employees can work directly over the cloud to produce a plethora of new software, products, and services.
A large problem in the cloud community has been the overall lack of resources and expertize of SMBs to truly utilize the cloud in a great way. Fortunately, the majority of these problems should be fixed by releases in 2017.
3. Let Your Machines Learn for You
Machine learning creates an endless amount of opportunity for businesses and individuals. However, it is important to understand what machine learning and artificial intelligence are, in an effort to see how they can affect your business.
Machine learning is teaching a computer how to think based on certain variables. In essence, you are training a computer to make a decision based on what you want it to consider. Due to the increasing speed of computers, this will give computers the ability to discern the difference between good and bad — anything. You can have your machines look at the stock market, weather patterns, business trends, or even music and have it decide what stock to go with, if it will be hot tomorrow, what words are buzzing in the world of business, and who most resembles the music piece you give the computer.
Artificial intelligence and machine learning became hot technologies in 2016, with both Google and Microsoft adding all kinds of AI services to their clouds. In 2017, we are expecting to see technological advances that give computers the leeway to change their behavior based on numerous variables. Therefore, business intelligence and trendspotting can be done passively, allowing you to focus on your business.
4. Mobile Technologies are the Future
Mobile commerce is dominating business. In fact, as mobile power increases, more people are utilizing their phones and tablets as a primary shopping tool. Based on this alone, having a mobile-friendly and fast website is a must in 2017. Also consider developing mobile apps, creating mobile payment methods, and investing in mobile ads.
Furthermore, as your employees also begin to use their personal mobile phones for business purposes, you must ensure that your bring-your-own-device (BYOD) security policy is maintained to the highest degree to keep important customer and business data safe from threats.
5. Focusing on Cybersecurity
With the increasing power of technology comes the increasing supply of malware and security threats. Last year, the Ponemon Institute published a security report that showed that more than one-half of all SMEs were attacked within the preceding twelve months. Microsoft has stated that there is an average of 229 days between when the virus is implemented and when the user notices it. This is a huge implication for the state of business in 2017.
Integrating the correct level of cybersecurity is a must for you, your employees and customers. If your customers' information is not safe, they will no longer trust you with your business. Not only that, but other bigger companies are also evaluating the security levels and policies of their contractors when looking into a possible future cooperation.
6. Virtual Reality Becomes Reality
Virtual reality has been a massive buzzword in 2016 (just think of Microsoft's HoloLens and Facebook's Oculus Rift). In 2017, virtual reality products will become a reality. Although the technology to utilize VR in your business is limited, it is important to keep an eye out for the fast-developing field to ensure you are not left behind in the future of business. No matter what industry you are in, VR will affect it sooner than you think.
7. eCommerce and the Future of Business
As stated above, the mobile platform is vital for any business. With that being said, eCommerce is just as, if not, more vital to your business. With the increasing reliance on web applications and sites to complete our daily tasks, many people have computers and simply do not want to leave their home to buy services and products. This trend will continue in 2017, but with some changes like the fully integrated and easy-to-use payment options such as Google Pay, Apple Pay, Samsung Pay and even PayPal checkout options.
Furthermore, we can expect to see a greater integration between the online and offline world, with online brands like Amazon offering physical products, and offline stores like Walmart having more digital features.
In this fast-paced environment, understanding the future will be the difference between success and failure. Ensure that you succeed. It is crucial that you pay attention to trends and implement technologies that will best benefit your business. Do your research and budgeting, and consider integrating these technology solutions into your business. I would also suggest consulting with someone in your industry to make sure your investment doesn't go to waste.
Introducing a toddler to their new baby sibling isn't always easy, but in this case, it was hilarious.
Ava, 22 months, came into the room while their mom Ali Lukitsch, a teacher from Trenton, Mich., was feeding their new baby sister Hannah. The tot wasn't quite sure what was going on. First, they told little sister “no biting,” and Mom had to explain what they were doing and that they were getting milk.
That's when Ava wanted to know “where the chocolate milk” at!”
From the mouths of babes…
The video, shot by Ali's sister Stephanie Legut, has been shared thousands of times on social media and new mom Ali — who just gave birth to Hannah on Sunday — says they can hardly believe the reaction. “My husband was just asking how I feel about so many people seeing me and I'm just so focused on Ava … That's just her, in a nutshell, every day, Ali told 98.7 AMP Radio. “We could pop out a million more videos like that. I'm glad that people can see them personality.”
Ava is a regular ‘little Mama' who wants to do everything for the new baby, including helping to feed her, getting them dressed, and playing with them all the time. “It's just like their little live baby doll,” mom Ali said.
So, did they get their chocolate milk?
“She loves chocolate milk, yes they do,” Ali said, laughing. “She asked me again this morning, ‘Is they getting chocolate milk? I had to say ‘No, she's not getting chocolate milk!”
Index Markets Research provides statistical analysis on Global Suede Fabric Market provides a basic overview of the industry including its definition, applications and manufacturing technology. The report covers business strategists like major drivers, dynamics, share, segmentation, revenue forecasts, effective growth for the key players and facilitate better decision-making. The report offers the estimations of size of the market and analysis of the trend based on the pipeline of the Suede Fabric market. The Key Players mentioned in the report are Kuraray, TORAY, Teijin Limited, Favini, Majilite Corporation, Aurora Textiles, Aurora Textiles, Fujian Tianshou, Shandong Jinfeng, Yantai Wanhua, Shandong Tongda, Jiaxing Hexin, Kunshan Xiefu, Yuan Jia. This report provides a competitive scenario, with a purpose of enlightening new entrants about the possibilities in this Suede Fabric Market.
Get a Sample Copy @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-suede-fabric-market/10346/#requestforsample
The report offers a crucial opinion relating to the global Suede Fabric market by discussing of its segmentation Commercial, Government, Personal. The sectors have been reviewed in terms of present as well as future trends. The analysis of geographical segmentation incorporates the estimated and present requirements from these regions. The study also offers the need associated to the different end-use sectors and separate goods in all of the geographical sectors of the market. The report also analyses the Suede Fabric market in terms of volume [k MT] and revenue [Million USD].
The Suede Fabric Market report gives detailed overview of terms and terminologies, applications, and classifications that are used in the context of market. It provides insights into the manufacturing cost structure and calculated as an aggregate of raw material costs, equipment costs, labor costs, and other costs. In terms of a technical consideration, the report discusses the production capacity of major manufacturers of Suede Fabric. This is estimated on circumstances such as the number of production plants, R&D status, raw material sources, and technology used by these manufacturers in 2018.
This report is segmented into several key Regions such as North America, China, Europe, Southeast Asia, Japan & India, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), and market share and growth rate of Suede Fabric in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast).
On the basis of Product Type, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into : Cotton Suede Fabric, Faux Suede Fabric, Others.
On the basis on the end users/applications, Market report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, sales volume, market share and growth rate for each application, including : Automotive Interiors, Home Use, Consumer Goods, Others.
Key Highlights Of The Suede Fabric Market Report:
1) A complete framework analysis, including an assessment of the parent market.
2) The study of emerging market segments and the existing market segments will help the readers in planning the business strategies.
3) Market Dynamics(Industry News, Development Challenges & Opportunities).
4) A Clear understanding of the market supported growth, constraints, opportunities, practicableness study.
5) Historical, present, and prospective size of the market from the perspective of both value and volume.
6) Market shares and strategies of leading players.
7) Recommendations to companies to substantiate their foothold in the market.
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-suede-fabric-market/10346/#inquiry
In the end, the report includes Suede Fabric new project SWOT analysis, investment practicalness analysis, investment come analysis, and Development Trend Analysis. The key rising opportunities of the fastest growing international Suede Fabric market segments are coated throughout this report. This report additionally presents product specification, producing method, and products cost structure. Production is separated by regions, technology and applications. The Suede Fabric industry data source, appendix, research findings and the conclusion.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id : sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
Donation of $25,000 made to HomeAid and its Chapters to Help Address Homelessness Nationwide.
Dave Cone (TM), Peter Simons (HomeAid America) and Sheryl Palmer (TM).
Contact
HomeAid America
***@homeaid.org HomeAid America
End
-- Taylor Morrison, a leading national homebuilder and developer, has named HomeAid, a leading non-profit provider of housing for the homeless, as one of their 2017 corporate charities. The company will be providing a donation of $15,000 to HomeAid America and an additional $10,000 more to its local chapters to help build housing for service providers addressing homelessness nationwide.Sheryl Palmer, Taylor Morrison's President and CEO and a member of HomeAid America's National Board of Directors, presented the check to Peter Simons, CEO of HomeAid America, at a company event in Phoenix on April 11."We are delighted to recognize HomeAid and support their efforts to help end homelessness in America," said Palmer. "Our team members are incredibly passionate about building communities for people to thrive in, and HomeAid does just that by offering opportunities for our nation's homeless to get back on their feet, attain self-sufficiency and acquire longer-term housing."Taylor Morrison is involved with HomeAid in a number of its markets including Houston, and three areas in California: San Francisco Bay Area, Sacramento, and Orange County, where they have had representatives sit on the local Boards of Directors and have also built several projects for charities in their areas. With this new national connection, HomeAid and Taylor Morrison will work together to grow Company involvement in more areas where HomeAid has chapters and open additional HomeAid chapters in markets where Taylor Morrison builds."We are humbled to receive this recognition and donation from Taylor Morrison," said Peter Simons, CEO of HomeAid America. "Taylor Morrison has a wonderful social consciousness and we are lucky to have them as a supporter. We are especially fortunate to have Sheryl Palmer join our national Board of Directors and Executive Committee this year. During their short tenure, they have already made a huge impact and the energy they bring to our cause is infectious!"Founded in 1989, HomeAid is a leading national non-profit provider of housing for homeless families and individuals with 17 chapters in 12 states across the country. Through the generosity of builders, their trades and their suppliers, HomeAid has completed over 470 housing projects nationwide at a value of more than $215 million, of which nearly 50 percent has been donated by the building industry. HomeAid currently has 70 additional projects in development across the country. HomeAid's facilities have housed over 270,000 previously homeless people over the years, as well as provided a location for services that help these people get back on their feet. For more information about HomeAid, call 1-888-3HOMEAID or visit http://www.homeaid.org Taylor Morrison Home Corporation is a leading national homebuilder and developer that has been recognized as the 2016 and 2017 America's Most Trusted® Home Builder by Lifestory Research. Based in Scottsdale, Arizona we operate under two well-established brands, Taylor Morrison and Darling Homes. We serve a wide array of consumer groups from coast to coast, including first-time, move-up, luxury, and 55 plus buyers. In Texas, Darling Homes builds communities with a focus on individuality and custom detail while delivering on the Taylor Morrison standard of excellence.For more information about Taylor Morrison and Darling Homes, please visit http://www.taylormorrison.com or http://www.darlinghomes.com
Hansung Bravo, the best Car Washing machine Equipment manufacturers & suppliers in Korea. Find the best products like self-service car wash system, car mat washer and dryer, vacuum cleaner, Car Mat Dryer Manufacturer, etc.
Eric Boullier has confirmed rumours that McLaren will change livery colour for 2017.
With the exit of Ron Dennis, who was vocally opposed to reverting to the British team's iconic orange, McLaren is now hinting at the change with graphics on social media and its official website.
"You will see a change in the colour," team boss Boullier confirms. "Wait a few days and you'll find out (what)."
Of more interest to many people, however, is whether the Anglo-Japanese collaboration can be much more competitive in 2017, after two particularly bad years with Honda power.
Boullier was quoted by La Repubblica newspaper at a Pirelli event in Turin: "We could be the outsider, the surprise of the season.
"Honda is working well on the engines and of those who could compete for the title alongside Mercedes, Red Bull and Ferrari, we could be there as well."
Spain's El Mundo Deportivo also quoted the Frenchman as saying: "For McLaren it's a whole new car and a brand-new engine, but we are not starting from scratch because we used past experience to make progress."
Former long-time McLaren driver David Coulthard thinks the key to McLaren's hopes in 2017 rests mainly with Honda.
"McLaren may have done something special with the chassis," they told the Spanish sports daily Marca, "but we'll have to see where the Honda engine is.
"McLaren lost a lot of talent in these years, but I think they've kept a lot as well. The fundamental problem they've had has been Honda's engine," Coulthard added.
Even Pirelli's Paul Hembery said in Turin: "Maybe with all these changes, Mercedes will not be the team to beat and others like Red Bull, Ferrari or even McLaren will be in the fight too."
(Reuters Health) - Policies that limit or regulate interactions between doctors and pharmaceutical company representatives may affect what drugs are prescribed to patients, according to a new study.
Drugs promoted by pharmaceutical representatives - known as detailed drugs - lost market share after hospitals enacted such policies, while drugs that weren't detailed gained market share, researchers found.
The study's lead author said the findings suggest institutions and organizations can play a role in relationships between doctors and the drug industry.
Relying on physicians to manage the appropriateness of those interactions is a lot to ask, said Ian Larkin, of the University of California, Los Angeles Anderson School of Management.
In an issue of JAMA devoted to conflicts of interest, Larkin and colleagues point out that since the start of the 21st century, industry and academic institutions have adopted policies to regulate doctor interactions with drug representatives.
Research examining the effect of those policies typically looked at only one medical specialty and produced mixed results, they add.
For the new study, the researchers examined several sets of data collected between 2006 and 2012 from academic medical centers in California, Illinois, Massachusetts, Pennsylvania and New York.
Overall, the researchers had data on more than 15 million prescriptions written by 2,126 doctors at 19 medical centers. All of the medical centers had adopted policies that restrict interactions between doctors and drug representatives.
"These changes are relatively modest, saying you need an appointment or can't bring a sandwich," Larkin told Reuters Health.
The researchers analyzed prescribing patterns for eight types of medications, including drugs to lower cholesterol, treat acid reflux, control diabetes, manage high blood pressure, treat attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder, treat depression, manage psychosis and help with sleep.
All the drugs had at least 2,000 assigned pharmaceutical company salespeople during the study period. They also had a market share of more than 25 percent, but less than 75 percent. The researchers found 87 of the 262 drugs were detailed during the study period.
Ten to 36 months before the policies were adopted, detailed drugs had a market share of about 19 percent, compared to about a 14 percent market share for non-detailed drugs.
Twelve to 36 months after the policies were implemented the market share of detailed drugs fell by about 2 percentage points while the market share of non-detailed drugs rose about 1 percentage point.
The reduction in market share for detailed drugs from before and after the policies were adopted represents about a 9 percent difference.
Six of the eight drug types had significant changes in market share over the study period.
Similarly, nine of the medical centers had significant changes in prescriptions of detailed drugs. Centers that were most likely to see a change were those that regulated gifts to doctors, restricted drug representatives' access to the facility and enforced the policies.
"Our findings suggest that the organizational level can and does make an important difference," said Larkin.
In an editorial, Colette DeJong and Dr. Adams Dudley of the University of California, San Francisco Center for Healthcare Value outlined some benefits and risks tied to interactions between doctors and drug representatives.
"Detailing" visits from drug representatives are one way to educate doctors about new drugs and treatments they would need to learn of elsewhere, they write. But, those visits are linked to increased use of brand name and costly drugs even when less expensive generic treatments are available.
"There are feasible alternatives to industry detailing for keeping physicians informed about drugs, but those approaches are largely untested in the United States," they write. "It has never been more important for physicians to come together to consider these alternatives, generate evidence about their effectiveness, and move the health care system toward solutions that lower costs for patients and minimize (conflicts of interests)."
The million dollar question is whether drug detailing and restrictions on detailing are affecting patient outcomes, Larkin said.
"I think it's a really important question," they said.
SOURCE: bit.ly/2qpwYzg and bit.ly/2qpkhV7 JAMA, online May 2, 2017.
VANCOUVER (miningweekly.com) – The TSX-V-listed stock of junior explorer Maritime Resources jumped by 20% on Monday morning following an announcement by the Atlantic Canada-focused project consolidator Anaconda Mining that it intends to take a takeover deal directly to shareholders following inaction of the Maritime board.
The announcement on Monday pushed Maritime's stock up 20%, as Anaconda offered a premium of 40% to the closing price of Maritime's stock on Friday, as it seeks to bring the Hammerdown and Orion gold projects under its control. The projects provide regional exploration upside and ore from the deposits can be processed through Anaconda's operating Pine Cove mill, at its flagship Point Rousse project, in Newfoundland and Labrador.
Advertisement
Anaconda advised that it had initially submitted a proposal to Maritime board on January 29, with the only reaction since being the adoption of a shareholder rights plan.
Under terms of the offer, Anaconda has offered to exchange 0.364 of an Anaconda share for each Maritime share held, providing an implied offer price of C$0.14 a Maritime share, valuing Maritime a hair under C$13-million.
Advertisement
The offer price also represents a 44% premium to the volume weighted average trading price of C$0.097 per Maritime share on the TSX-V over the 20 trading days ended Firday, Anaconda advised.
Anaconda noted that the deal offers significant synergies with its Point Rousse project, with the potential to significantly reduce Hammerdown and Orion develpment capital costs, while significantly expanding Anaconda's mineral resource portfolio, with growth potential in both Newfoundland and Nova Scotia.
Anaconda also announced that it has assumed a C$500 000 interest bearing secured loan provided to Maritime on April 26, 2017. Anaconda said the loan is repayable on the earliest of Maritime raising C$2-million or more in equity or debt financing, or upon Maritime committing an event of default. Anaconda has now demanded full repayment since Maritime has raised more than C$2-million in financings since April 25, 2017, without repaying the loan.
To this end, Anaconda said it will take the necessary steps to collect the loan, to enforce the security that it holds against Maritime or other parties, or to otherwise protect or enforce its interests.
Anaconda said it will file the offer with securities regulators and mail details, as well as instructions to tender shares under the offer to Maritime shareholders.
Maritime's equity rose 20% on Monday to C$0.12 apiece, with that of Anaconda remaining steady at C$0.38 a share.
Welcome to 1 NEWS NOW's live coverage of the second day of the Hamilton Sevens from Waikato Stadium.
Fiji player Paula Dranisinukula gets hit in a hard tackle in their game against New Zealand at the World Rugby Sevens Series at Allianz Stadium in Sydney. Source: Getty
6:31pm
Up next we have Argentina take on the USA in the Trophy final.
6:20pm
France fought back to beat Wales 19-17, scoring a late try through Stephen Parez to win their 13th place play-off match.
5:34pm
South Africa have beaten Australia 24-5 and will take on Fiji in the Cup final.
5:11pm - 14 mins - NZ 12 FIJ 14
A huge mistake from the Kiwis as they fumble it with only seconds remaining on the clock. Fiji has the last say of the match, running the ball dead past their in-goal.
5:08pm - 12 mins - NZ 12 FIJ 14
NO TRY! Regan Ware has come up with a sensational try saving tackle to save the game for NZ. Only 2 minutes left in the match.
5:05pm - 10 mins - NZ 12 FIJ 14
TRY! Fiji spread it wide to the left and Mesulame Kunavula powers over to score. The conversion is good by Fiji and they are up now 14-12 against NZ.
5:02pm - 8 mins - NZ 12 FIJ 7
TRY! Vilimoni Koroi spots a huge gap in Fiji's defence and they scamper from the back of the ruck - running 45 metres to score under the posts. NZ are up 12-7 over Fiji.
4:58pm - 7 mins - NZ 5 FIJ 7
NO TRY! Vilimoni Koroi tries a chip and chase but their kick has gone too far, bouncing over the dead ball line before they can get to it. Fiji lead 7-5 at the break.
4:56pm - 5 mins - NZ 5 FIJ 7
New Zealand use the width of the field, spreading it out to the right. It is veteran Tim Mikkelson who sucks in two Fijian defenders before offloading to Sam Dickson who crashes over to score down the right flank. The conversion is no good.
4:52pm - 2 mins - NZ 0 FIJ 7
Fiji strike first through Josua Vakurunabili, their offloading in the tackle and support play causing all sorts of trouble for New Zealand's defence.
4:51pm - NZ 0 FIJ 0
New Zealand gets things started with the hosts kicking off to the Fijians.
4:48pm
A great second half performance for Kenya, they have beaten Scotland 33-19 and will face Samoa in their Plate final at 7pm. Up next we have the big one - New Zealand v Fiji in the first Cup semi-final.
4:39pm
Another close match in the second Plate semi-final. Scores are all locked up at 14-14 between Kenya and Scotland.
4:28pm
Laaloi Leilua sprints over to score after some superb footwork and run from their Samoan teammate Murphy Paulo, Samoa gets the win over England in extra time - final score 22-17. Samoa is through to the Plate final.
4:25pm
Nothing can seperate these two sides as England and Samoa are level 17-17 after regular time. Samoa's last try was disallowed with the ref ruling the final pass to have gone forward. We are going into extra time for this one.
4:12pm
A close contest at the moment, Samoa holds a slight 12-5 lead over England. The Samoans with all the possession in the first spell.
4:04pm
A big match up about to start as Samoa look to overcome England in their fifth place semi-final match.
3:43pm
Papua New Guinea were no match for the USA as the Americans cruised to a 42-12 win in their Challenge trophy semi-final. USA will take on Argentina in the Challenge trophy final later tonight at 6.30pm.
3:23pm
Argentina have held on to win a tight one, they defeated Canada 14-12 in their Challenge trophy semi-final.
3:01pm
France have edged a spirited Spain outfit 19-14 and will face Wales for 13th place at 6pm.
2:38pm
A comprehensive victory for Wales as they ran in two more tries in the second spell, they defeat Russia 33-7. They will face either Spain or France next.
2:28pm
Wales lead Russia 19-0 at halftime in their 13th place semi-final fixture.
2:03pm
South Africa book their semi-final spot, beating Scotland 22-0. They'll now face Australia this evening for a place in tonight's final.
1:42pm
Australia have comfortably beaten Kenya 33-12, they'll face the winner of South Africa v Scotland in the semi-final later today.
1:24pm
Kenya will face Australia in the third quarter-final.
1:21pm - FULLTIME: NZ 19 England 12
The siren goes, England have one last play to try and win. They tap and go and get the ball out wide, Mikkelsen bundles the ball carrier out of play and that's the game! NZ will face Fiji in the semi-final!
1:19pm - 16 mins: NZ 19 England 12
Koroi breaks through before finding the pass inside to Scott Curry! The captain races away and scores what could be the winning try!
Koroi converts and NZ are ahead by seven!
1:18pm - 15 mins: NZ 12 England 12
Mikkelson wins a penalty and New Zealand look to attack quickly. Koroi fires a pass to Ware, who can't hold on!
England with the ball again, NZ give away another penalty and England try the quick tap now. England tries a kick through! The chaser is tackled and plays the ball on the ground to recieve a yellow card! It's Phil Burgess and England will finish the game with six!
1:14pm - 9 mins: NZ 12 England 12
England to kick off after halftime. Ravuovou loses the ball straight away and England are on the attack! McConnochie scores again! England are level after the break.
1:09pm - HALFTIME: NZ 12 England 7
NZ give away another penalty, a high tackle on Bibby has England in possession in front of halfway. England moving the ball from one side of the field to the other, but NZ's defence is resolute to far.
Ravuovou gives away a penalty but England lose the ball and New Zealand counter!
Koroi races away for a brilliant try as the siren goes, they convert their own try to give NZ a five-point halftime lead.
1:06pm - 4 mins: NZ 5 England 7
New Zealand with a chance to attack now. Ravouvou makes a good run and England are stretched! Dixon has a go but Burgess is offside for England and gives away a penalty.
New Zealand on the line and Tim Mikkelson scores! Their 200th career try! The kick isn't successful though, NZ trail by two.
1:03pm - 2 mins: NZ 0 England 7
Koroi kicks off and New Zealand give away a penalty from the kick off. England look to run the ball upfield, before moving out the ball out wide. Scott Curry makes a try-saving tackle, but England recycle quickly and McConnochie scores! Mitchell lands the conversion too.
1:02pm
New Zealand and England out on the field now, their quarter final just moments away.
1:00pm - Fiji 12 Samoa 10
Samoa get things rolling in the second half! Tom Iosefo shows some serious pace to run away and score. Samoa hit the front.
Fiji needs to go 90m in 30 seconds to win. Samoa turns the ball over and can just run the clock down, but Fiji have won possession back!
Nasoko runs the length of the field to break Samoan hearts! They'll face the winner of NZ v England in the semi-final.
12:47pm
After an incredibly tight first half, Fiji holds a slim two-point lead over their Pacific rivals. Mocenacagi opened the scoring for Fiji, before Gordon Langkilde grabbed one back for Samoa before the break.
12:32pm
We're all set and ready for the cup quarter-finals. Fiji will be up against Samoa to get things rolling. Huge support in the stands, for both sides.
Earlier results from today:
Wales 14-19 Canada
Argentina 21-12 Russia
USA 29-12 Spain
Papua New Guinea 35-0 France
PRE MATCH
After an unbeaten first day, New Zealand will be looking to go all the way as they host the Hamilton Sevens for the first time.
An opening 52-7 walloping of France was followed up with an impressive 24-5 victory against Scotland.
However, the hosts were tested in their final pool match with Argentina, coming away winners 17-12, having trailed at half time.
Those results have set up a quarter-final showdown with England, who themselves finished second in Pool B behind South Africa.
Quarter finals:
Fiji vs Samoa - 12:36pm
New Zealand vs England - 12:58pm
Kenya vs Australia - 1:20pm
South Africa v Scotland - 1:42pm
2:28pm
3:43pm
4:12pm
Police Minister Stuart Nash says 40 armed robberies already this year in Hawke's Bay reflects a problem with society.
Aggravated robbery number 40 was reported in Hawke's Bay yesterday.
Police appealed for information after Price Cutters on Longfellow Ave, in Maraenui, Napier was robbed.
Police say a man, allegedly armed with a gun, went into the store about 1pm and stole cash and cigarettes.
Advertisement
The store attendant was physically unharmed and was offered victim support.
About two hours later, a person was arrested.
Police are still trying to recover the stolen property.
It is the second time within two months the Price Cutter store has been robbed.
In April, an offender fled with cigarettes and cash after threatening a shopkeeper with a mallet.
Earlier this week, staff at a dairy in Frederick St, Hastings were threatened by a robber wielding a screwdriver.
Despite the high number of robberies, Nash said police had made a number of arrests.
"Most of these robberies, from my understanding, have been by 17 to 18-year-old males. The youngest was 13 and the oldest was 31.
"This is a societal issue. When 17- and 18-year-olds are robbing dairies, it says that they're being let down by the system.
"Usually, but not always, they come from a dysfunctional home. They don't understand that there are opportunities out there for them," they said.
Nash said the Government would place 1800 new police officers around the country in the next three years, which would help the government and community groups identify why young people were committing crime.
"All the way along the system at every step, we've got to put processes in place which allow us to engage in a positive way and fill their heads with information from an early age, compared to where they're ending up at the moment, which is not a good place," they said.
"It's a life that won't end well and it's up to us to communicate these other options for kids with hope and aspiration.
"We don't want them to be written off as failures, not engaging in the school system and then being picked up by the Hawke's Bay Regional Corrections facility."
LONDON: Britain's Prince Harry suffered “total chaos” before eventually seeking help to deal with the death of their mother Princess Diana, they said in an interview published Monday. Speaking to The Telegraph newspaper, the 32-year-old prince said they had spent years trying to ignore their emotions following Diana's death in 1997 when they were just 12. “My way of dealing with it was sticking my head in the sand, refusing to ever think about my mum, because why would that help? It's only going to make you sad. It's not going to bring them back,” they said. It was not until the age of 28 that they sought help from mental health professionals after encouragement from others, including “huge support” from their older brother Prince William. Diana and their boyfriend Dodi Fayed were killed in a car crash in a Paris underpass on August 31, 1997, along with their French driver Henri Paul as they tried to outrun chasing photographers.
AFP
The Ministry of Electricity sent a detailed memorandum to the cabinet regarding increasing its allocations after the Egyptian pound's flotation. The memorandum included a study about the economic effects of the subsidy value with the increase of the price of the US dollar and fuel prices, the value-added tax (VAT), and banks lending prices which contributed to doubling financial burdens on the ministry.
Sources at the Ministry of Electricity said that the memorandum concluded that the kilowatt production cost per hour ranges between EGP 0.9-1.0, after the pound's flotation and oil prices. The allocated subsidy to the sector will increase to more than EGP 60bn, an increase worth EGP 35bn more than the authorised subsidy in the current fiscal year.
The Egyptian Electricity Holding Company and Egyptian Electric Utility & Consumer Protection Regulatory Agency enumerated the influence of variables on the cost of the production through computational programmes, and a number of scenarios and proposals for increasing periods of electricity subsidies.
Sources added that the ministry's burdens include roughly EGP 40bn in annual loans repaid by the Egyptian Electricity Holding Company due to the dollar price's difference. The company borrows money according to the budget agreed upon before the pound's flotation in which $1 equalled EGP 9.
Sabah Mashaly, first undersecretary of political performance and communication development at the Ministry of Electricity, said that the current prices will remain stable, and will not be increased before the beginning of the coming fiscal year, and the state will bear the high increase of the subsidy cost after the pound's flotation.
Mashaly explained that the memorandum presented to the cabinet includes all scenarios and recommendations regarding the extension of the electricity subsidy or commitment to the restructuring programme of electricity prices. However the subsidy will definitely increase due to the recent changes.
President Abdel Fattah Al-Sisi previously emphasised that the state will bear the financial burdens of the electricity sector, and that citizens will not bear any increases.
CHARLOTTE, North Carolina, Aug 12 (Reuters) - Highlights of the third round of the 99th PGA Championship at Quail Hollow on Saturday:
Kisner hangs on despite bogey at last
Kevin Kisner bogeys the last but clings to a one-stroke lead on seven under par after posting a one-over-par 72. Hideki Matsuyama nearly ties for the lead but their birdie putt stops one roll short of the cup and they stand on six-under along with Chris Stroud.
Jason Day, the 2015 winner and third player in the final threesome, suffers a quadruple-bogey eight to stumble in with a 77 to tumble back to even par for the tournament.
Kisner drops back with double-bogey
Kisner made an unwanted splash at Quail Hollow, dunking their second shot on the par-four 16th in the water and spinning out their bogey putt that seemed headed for the bottom of the cup, leaving them with a double-bogey.
That dropped Kisner from 10-under, following birdies in their previous two holes, to eight-under and a temporary tie with Chris Stroud. Stroud promptly bogeyed the par-three 17th to leave Kisner on top by one stroke.
DeLaet makes two consecutive eagles
Canadian Graham DeLaet eagles the par-four 14th and par-five 15th to surge to the edge of contention.
Their drive at the 301-yard 14th hits the hole for what would have been a rare albatross at a par-four. They settle for the eagle, and then sinks a 12-footer to also eagle the 15th.
It is the first time a player on the PGA Tour has recorded back-to-back eagles since Marc Leishman last November.
With their eagles book-ended by birdies at the 13th and 16th, DeLaet is six-under over their past four holes, two-under for the championship.
Day struggling off tee
Jason Day has a case of the hooks, missing a series of drives to the left. A double-bogey at the 12th leaves them five back.
Oosthuizen hurts arm in awkward swing
Louis Oosthuizen shakes their right arm in discomfort after hitting a shot at the second hole while standing awkwardly against a tree.
The South African, who began the round three shots off the pace, is attended by a physio as they walk down the fairway, but continues playing solidly.
Eagles fly in third round
Robert Streb holes out for eagle from 156 yards at the par-four 12th hole.
Next year maybe for Spieth
Jordan Spieth's quest to complete the grand slam will have to wait 12 months.
After a double-bogey at the last ruined a late hat-trick of birdies, they signed for a 71 for three-over 216, 10 strokes behind. (Reporting by Andrew Both and Larry Fine; Editing by Toby Davis and Ken Ferris)
Ireland's corporate tax regime has been highlighted by the governor of the Bank of France, who has raised the danger of a “race to the bottom” in taxing corporate profits.
Speaking at a seminar in Dublin to mark the 75th anniversary of the Central Bank of Ireland, François Villeroy de Galhau referred to the risks from “a race to the bottom of corporate tax rates”, which they said raised fairness issues. They added that this was “pointed out sometimes in relation to Ireland” and its corporate tax regime. They warned too that recent US tax reform, while it would boost US growth in the short term, also risked worsening global imbalances.
Ireland's corporate tax regime, centred on the 12.5 per cent rate, has long been criticised by France and reform of EU corporation tax has been targeted as a key policy area by president Macron.
Mr Villeroy added to warnings from ECB figures about the danger of any attempt to talk down the value of the US dollar. The ECB has reacted strongly to comments in Davos by US treasury secretary Steve Mnuchin that a lower dollar was good for US trade.
Mutual trust
The French governor, while not mentioning the US , referred to recent “unfortunate declarations” and pointed out that at an IMF meeting last autumn, all major countries had agreed not to engage in competitive devaluations. Doing so would be a breach of mutual trust, they warned.
They also cautioned that protectionist trade policies only added to inflation and hurt growth in the long term.
The ECB would follow a “predictable sequence” in withdrawing the stimulus of current monetary policy, they said. Among the factors taken into account would be developments in inflation and the euro exchange rate.
Whether the ECB stops its policy of bond buying in September or tapers it off more gradually is not an “existential question”, they said. The so-called quantitative easing programme is due to end in September, at the earliest. However, Mr Villeroy, who sits on the ECB's governing council, said that what was important was the entire ECB policy package, including its stock of assets and the guidance it gave to the markets.
Former mayoral candidate arrested for attempted bank robbery
January 1, 2017
Following an alleged bank robbery attempt and car chase, Paso Robles police arrested a former Atascadero mayoral candidate. Charles Scovell, 37, ran for mayor in 2014.
Shortly after 2 p.m. on Friday, a customer at the Heritage Oaks Bank on 12th Street reported that another drive through customer was yelling and ordering a bank teller to give them money. After failing to collect any cash, Scovell drove away.
After officers pulled Scovell over on 13th Street, Scovell got out of their vehicle, but then quickly got back in and drove away. With CHP and police in pursuit, Scovell headed east on Highway 46.
The chase ended when Scovel crashed the vehicle, which police said was stolen, on Highway 46 in Kern County. Scovell was taken by air ambulance to Sierra Vista Regional Medical Center's intensive care unit. Their current condition has not been disclosed.
Scovell is facing charges of attempted robbery, terrorist threats, auto theft and evading arrest, police said. Scovell has had multiple domestic violence and alcohol related arrests.
On Jan. 15, 2016, Scovell was involved in a standoff with police after they hit a woman several times with a beer bottle. Stovell pleaded no contest to two felony counts of assault with a deadly weapon.
As part of a plea deal, Scovell avoided incarceration as long as they stayed out of trouble for at least five years. They now faces up to 14 years in prison for the assault with a deadly weapon conviction.
When two incredibly popular mid-sized sedans get redesigned in the same year, it's a big deal no matter how many drivers are going for a crossover instead of a four-door car. Not too long after the 2018 Toyota Camry was revealed, the sheets have been lifted from the 2018 Honda Accord, too. Before we can get our hands on a 2018 Honda Accord to drive and, eventually, track-test, we're taking a closer look at Camry and Accord specs to see how they compare. Often, the specs can take a back seat when you see or test-drive a car in person at a dealership, but keep reading if you want a basic idea of how these two long-time rivals stack up.
It's incredible how much quicker some base-engine mid-sizeD sedans are compared to their predecessors, and that trend is likely to continue with the 2018 Toyota Camry and 2018 Honda Accord. Both cars offer top-of-the-class horsepower ratings, though the real test will be when we can evaluate acceleration and handling on the track in the way only Motor Trend can. The 2018 Camry with a base engine is powered by a 2.5-liter naturally aspirated I-4 with 203 hp at 6,600 rpm in most trims or 206 hp at 6,600 rpm in XSE form. The base-engine 2018 Camry produces 184 lb-ft (250 Newton-meters) of torque at 5,000 rpm in most trims and 186 lb-ft (252 Nm) as an XSE model.
Producing over 200 hp in a base-engine model might prove to be an advantage to Toyota salespeople everywhere, but the 2018 Honda Accord is ahead of many competitors, too, with 192 hp at 5,500 rpm from its 1.5-liter turbocharged inline-four. The turbocharged engine has a slight torque advantage compared to the Camry's naturally aspirated engine, with the Accord making 192 lb-ft (260 Nm) from 1,500 to 5,000 rpm. All of these are impressive numbers for base-engine mid-sized sedans, and we look forward to seeing how they compare in a future comparison test.
Advantage Accord: So Much Trunk Space!
When it comes to trunk space, sometimes the shape of the cargo area can be almost as important as how much space you have, as you're trying to make room for one more suitcase or bag. Even so, the basic numbers are important, and the 2018 Honda Accord makes its debut with an impressive 16.7 cubic feet of space, above the Camry's 15.1 cubic feet (or 14.1 cubic feet in base L trim).
What's cool about both the 2018 Honda Accord Hybrid and the 2018 Toyota Camry Hybrid is that neither car loses a bit of cargo space to make room for any hybrid hardware the hybridized Camry comes in at 15.1 cubic feet and the Accord at 16.7 cubic feet.
Similar Overall Dimensions
The new 2018 Accord and 2018 Camry might look completely different, but most of their basic dimensions are similar. The Accord's wheelbase, at 111.4 inches, is 0.2 inch longer than that of the Camry. The two rivals' overall length is exactly the same when comparing the Accord against the Camry L, LE, and XLE. (The SE and XSE are 0.6 inch longer.) The Accord is just 0.2 inch taller in height than the Camry, but the biggest difference here is in width: The Honda is nearly an inch longer than the Camry, at 73.2 inches compared to 72.4 inches.
So yes, they'll both probably fit into your garage.
Plenty of Room to Stretch Out
The last-generation Accord and Camry didn't have any major issues with rear-seat space, and the new models are no different. The 2018 Camry offers 42.1 inches of front and 38.0 inches of rear legroom. In our 2018 Camry First Drive review, we said that the car “still feels big, open, and airy with excellent outward visibility, thanks to the lowered beltline.”
Thanks to its longer wheelbase, the 2018 Accord has increased rear-seat space. The front seat is good for 42.3 inches of legroom, and the rear offers a full 40.4 inches of space. On paper, that's a huge amount of space, and it'll likely feel that way in person, too.
Advanced Safety Tech is Standard on Both Models
A package of active safety tech is standard on every 2018 Toyota Camry and 2018 Honda Accord. Some of the technologies aren't for everyone, but these could be the types of features you don't appreciate until they go to work for you. Both cars' systems include an automatic braking system that can apply the brakes if it senses an obstacle ahead and the driver hasn't applied the brakes, as well as a lane departure mitigation system that can nudge the car back into its lane. Neither car has been safety-tested by the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration or the Insurance Institute for Highway Safety, but we'd expect good results considering the last-generation 2017 models each achieved a five-star overall NHTSA rating (out of a possible five stars) and a Top Safety Pick+ designation from the IIHS.
Not a Luxury Sedan, But Check Out These Features
No Toyota- or Honda-badged sedan will ever provide the same type of emotional connection and status some seek out with luxury-branded vehicles. However, both mainstream midsize sedans have upped their game when it comes to available premium features. Just some features on the 2018 Accord include LED headlights, heated and ventilated front seats, heated rear seats, and a head-up display. The 2018 Camry also now offers a head-up display and LED headlights, not to mention a multi-camera parking aid and panoramic roof.
What About the Transmissions?
Both cars include new transmissions in their mid-sized sedan line-ups. With the 2018 Honda Accord, the coupe was discontinued, but manual transmissions survive in the 192-hp 1.5- and 252-hp 2.0-liter turbocharged engines. Most Accord 1.5 buyers will stick with the CVT (continuously variable transmission), and the more powerful 2.0 model also gets a 10-speed automatic.
The 2018 Camry has eight-speed automatics for the 2.5-liter I-4 and the 3.5-liter V-6. The Camry sticks with a V-6 powertrain, and it's rated at 301 hp.
Stay Tuned
The mid-sized sedan class is full of other entries outside Honda and Toyota dealerships, from the much-improved Chevrolet Malibu to the updated-for-2018 Hyundai Sonata.. There are also the attractive Ford Fusion, which offers a number of different powertrains, and the fun-to-drive Mazda6.
TOKYO (AP) — Shares were mostly lower in Asia on Tuesday as investors stepped back after several days of advances, erasing early gains. Markets are awaiting the Federal Reserve meeting on Wednesday and the outcome of a major Chinese planning conference.
KEEPING SCORE: Japan's Nikkei 225 index lost 0.3 percent to 22,866.17 while South Korea's Kospi dropped 0.5 percent to 2,458.56. The Hang Seng index in Hong Kong shed 0.2 percent to 28,894.58. The Shanghai Composite index shed 0.7 percent to 3,300.24. The S&P ASX 200 added 0.3 percent to 6,013.20, but India's Sensex dropped 0.4 percent to 33,314.89. Other regional markets were mostly lower.
WALL STREET: Technology and health-cre companies led U.S. stocks modestly higher Monday, driving the market to another set of milestones, with the Standard & Poor's 500 index and Dow Jones industrial average finishing at new highs. The S&P 500 index rose 0.3 percent to 2,659.99. The Dow gained 0.2 percent to 24,386.03 and the Nasdaq composite added 0.5 percent to 6,875.08. The Russell 2000 index of smaller-company stocks slipped 0.1 percent to 1,519.84.
ANALYST VIEWPOINT: "The market is kind of in a holding pattern, just sort of waiting for the Fed meeting," said Randy Frederick, vice president of trading & derivatives at Charles Schwab. "The Fed sees enough strength in the overall economy, despite the lack of inflation, to still go ahead and continue to hike rates."
Advertisement
FEDERAL RESERVE: The Fed is expected to lift short-term interest rates by 0.25 percent on Wednesday, the third interest rate hike by the central bank this year. While inflation has remained low, the central bank has seen a path to gradually raise rates as the economy and labor market have strengthened.
CHINA: Investors are watching for details from an annual economic planning conference in Beijing that will set the pace for reforms and growth in the world's second-largest economy. The state-run Xinhua News Agency reported Friday that President Xi Jinping told fellow leaders that the focus should shift to quality of life and improve innovation and competitiveness. Worries over possible moves to curb property market speculation were overshadowing trading on Tuesday.
BITCOIN: Bitcoin futures rose on their first day of trading on a major U.S. exchange, with the first-ever futures contract gaining 20 percent to close at $18,545, according to data from Cboe Global Markets. The price of an actual bitcoin has soared since it began the year below $1,000 and was at $16,502.25 as of 06:20 GMT Tuesday, according to Coindesk.
ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude gained 43 cents to $58.42 per barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. It advanced 63 cents, or 1.1 percent, to settle at $57.99 per barrel on Monday. Brent crude, the international standard, climbed 86 cents to $65.55 per barrel. It added $1.29, or 2 percent, to close at $64.69 per barrel in London.
CURRENCIES: The dollar edged down to 113.44 Japanese yen from 113.55 yen late Monday. The euro rose to $1.1744 from $1.1770.
___
AP Business Writer Alex Veiga in Los Angeles, California, contributed.
Raising money for It's All About the Kids® Foundation's Feed The Kids Program
Cheers and join us!
Contact
Angela Brannon-Baptiste
***@itsallaboutthekids.org Angela Brannon-Baptiste
End
-- Partying for a Purpose presents the 15Annual Champagne and Purses on May 8, 2018 from 7pm-10pm at the exclusive University Club. 100% of the tickets, raffle and silent auction will benefit It's All About the Kids® Foundation and the Feed the Kids Program. General Admission and VIP Tickets are available. VIP Tickets include a reserved seat for the fashion show, a VIP goody bag and a special complimentary glass of champagne.Gold Sponsors include Attorney King Aminpour, San Diego Kings Basketball, Arthur Q. Johnson Foundation and Sycuan Band of the Kumeyaay Nation. Silver Sponsors include Lock & Key Salon, Annemarie Donaker Weddings and Events, Bankcode, Lux Bodega, San Diego Magazine and Durham-Newton Legal Nurse Consulting.Over 200 of San Diego's finest guests will enjoy hosted tastings from 7pm-8:15pm from St Petersburg Vodka, Henebery Celebrated Whiskey, Ginja9 Sour Cherry Liquor, Tequila Fortaleza, Resident Brewing. Abnormal Beer Company, Koo Koo Liqueur and Wine and Champagne from Etchings Expressions. Guests also enjoy delicious food from the University Club, decadent desserts from Sprinkle Me Desserts, Village Mill Bakery and Get Fluffed Up Cotton Candy. There will also be a raffle and silent auction. Entertainment from El Watusi, DJ Scott Roberts, DJ Brandon Noel, David Shyde, Jason Whitmore on sax and percussion from House Gone Wild International. The special guest entertainment is San Diego's favorite Magician Nick Ivory.The highlight of the evening is a fashion Show featuring San Diego Designer Maceoo and staring San Diego's favorite men! Styling by Kotton Candico and Hortencia Manzano. Tickets are available online at http://www.ChampagneAndPurses.com It's All About the Kids® is a San Diego based 501c[3] nonprofit organization that bridges the weekend food insecurity gap for children in impoverished neighborhoods. To invest in meals, volunteer and learn more, visit http://www.ItsAllAboutTheKids.org
Hailey resident Toni Marcroft said they took the video Dec. 19 just north of Hailey, Idaho. The elk slowed traffic for a bit as they made their way across the highway, leaping over a fence on the other side of the road.
Janet Jackson's husband Wissam Al Mana wrote a heartfelt letter to the superstar on their website amid reports that the couple are estranged.
The pair recently became parents to a baby boy, Eissa Al Mana. A rep for Jackson did not confirm that they have split, but a message on their website next to a photo of Jackson professes their love for her, calling them the most beautiful person in the world.
The message ends: “We will be together in the Great Forever.”
The singer showed off them a picture of them and their son for the first time Friday in a social media post .
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Steel flat rolled products are made of steel and these products have flat surfaces instead of grooved faces. These products include cold rolled coil, hot rolled coils, slab, coated steel products among others. With the help of melting, steel flat rolled products are manufactured and these products have their extensive applications in automotive, construction, packaging and heavy machinery industries. Zinc coating is applied with steel to prevent it from any kind of corrosion. Steel flat rolled product market witness growing demand in coming years.
Read Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/steel-flat-rolled-products-market.html
With the rising population base coupled with increasing disposable income, global steel flat rolled product market experience growing demand overtime. Emerging economies such as China, India and South Korea have witnessed significant economic growth rate and that high growth rate is translated into infrastructural development. With the growing base of infrastructure, demand for steel flat rolled products is likely to increase overtime. Industrialization based economic growth has been a growth strategy for many economies including advanced and emerging economies.
Higher concentration of industries in these economies spur the demand for steel flat rolled products thus projecting higher growth trajectory for this market. Real estate industry is a booming sector in these economies and use of steel flat rolled products in residential and non-residential buildings accelerate the growth prospect of this market during the forecast period.
Steel is an expensive material and this factor limits its uses. Hence, contractors switch their preference from steel flat rolled products to other type of products. Moreover, when steel is exposed to environment, this can lead to corrosion and that adversely impacts the lifetime of these steel products.
Request Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=23705
These factors limit the use of steel in construction industry thus hindering the market prospect of these products in coming years.With the rising vehicular population, market for steel flat rolled products is expected to witness growing market share overtime. Coated steel have increasing application for making the structural parts of cars and these type of products primarily serves the purpose of corrosion resistance. Cold rolled coils have extensive application in car body parts and in these cases corrosion resistance is not primary objective; rather maintaining certain level of strength to weight ratio is the prerequisite.
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
Mark Benedyk, Ph.D., Telephus Medical
Contact
Anna Halvorson
***@pulmotect.com Anna Halvorson
End
-- Pulmotect, Inc., a clinical-stage biotechnology company developing PUL-042, fast-acting pulmonary immune stimulant for the treatment of antibiotic-resistant respiratory infections, today announced that Mark Benedyk, Ph.D., President and CEO of Telephus Medical, was appointed to the Company's board of directors."Mark is a highly respected CEO and long-time business development strategist in both the biotech and pharma sectors," said Nestor Molfino, M.D., Pulmotect CEO. "His insight and guidance will prove invaluable as we work to commercialize Pulmotect's therapeutic assets.""I am delighted to join the board of Pulmotect," said Dr. Benedyk. "Nestor's focus on the treatment of COPD exacerbations and other severe lung infections will bring tremendous benefits to patients who are in dire need of new therapeutic approaches such as PUL-042."With more than 20 years of life science industry experience, Dr. Benedyk founded Telephus in 2013. Prior to Telephus, they headed The Pfizer Incubator (TPI) in La Jolla, CA where they held board positions with TPI and its portfolio companies. Before that, they held executive positions in Business Development and Intellectual Property at Ascenta Therapeutics, Optimer Pharmaceuticals (now Merck), Aurora Biosciences (now Vertex) and Elan Pharmaceuticals (now Perrigo). Dr. Benedyk is on the board of Accel-Rx, Canada's healthcare innovation accelerator and is an advisor to RARE Science, an organization focused on developing cures for pediatric rare diseases.Dr. Benedyk received a PhD in Developmental Genetics from The Rockefeller University, where they were a Lucille P. Markey Graduate from Fellow. Their BS in Microbiology and Botany is from the University of Michigan.In addition to Benedyk, Pulmotect's board of directors includes:• Leo Linbeck, III, CEO of Aquinas Companies, LLC.• Magnus Hook, Ph.D., director of the Center for Infection and Inflammation - Institute of Biosciences and Technology of Texas A&M• Atul Varadhachary, M.D., Ph.D., managing director of Fannin Innovation Studio• Mark Worscheh, executive vice president of Aquinas Companies, LLC.• Bruce Given, M.D., COO of Arrowhead Research Corporation and CEO of Leonardo BiosystemsFounded in 2007, Pulmotect is actively developing PUL-042 (a TLR 2, 6 and 9 agonist), a drug a clinical stage, novel, pathogen-agnostic, inhaled compound (TLR 2/6 and 9 agonists) for the prevention and early treatment of acute, severe viral and bacterial respiratory infections in patients with chronic debilitating conditions. PUL-042 has been the subject of two Phase I clinical trials, with a Phase Ib trial scheduled in the second quarter of 2017. Pulmotect's technology is licensed from The Texas A&M University System and The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center. For more information, visit www.pulmotect.com.
José Mourinho has conceded the title to Manchester City for the first time, the manager stating Manchester United must now strive to be the “first of the last” this season.
United are in second place, 15 points behind City with 13 matches left. Mourinho wants their side to finish there, so is intent they beat Huddersfield Town at Old Trafford on Saturday.
They said: “The game is important because we need points to be the first of the last. We have to try to finish second. We are in this position all season; we were first for a few weeks and then we were always second.
“We are better than last season in every aspect – points, position, number of goals scored, conceded – so we have to try to stay there.”
Asked how they felt to accept the championship race is over in early February, Mourinho said: “It makes me feel that they [City] are doing so well that they are not letting the others come close. The fight is open for second, third, fourth, fifth, and sixth, but is practically closed for the first.”
United are five points ahead of Tottenham, who are fifth. “I cannot say we, Tottenham or Chelsea [fourth] is doing bad because the points we have is very reasonable. But Manchester City started strong and kept doing strong and managed to win matches they didn't deserve – I give credit – with that push of the last-minute goal, the winning goal in [added] time.
“If you tell me all six [top teams] want to be champion and only one will be and the other five fail, I think is too pragmatic [clinical] a way to look at it because you can do positive work and not win the title.”
Mourinho offered an update on the injured Marouane Fellaini, Eric Bailly and Zlatan Ibrahimovic. “They [the medical team] are still working on Fellaini. It's an injury and I feel sorry for them personally and I feel sorry for the team because he's an important player for us.
Return
“Bailly and Ibrahimovic are working on the pitch but not yet with us as a group so they are not very close to a return. I want to believe that by Champions League time, around the end of the month, they will be back.” United are at Sevilla on February 21st.
Pep Guardiola disagrees with Mourinho that the title race is as good as over.
Guardiola's Manchester City hold a 15-point lead over United.
Speaking at their own press conference to preview today's trip to Burnley, Guardiola said: “There are 13 games, 39 points to play [for]. We have [a lead of] 15. It's not over. We have amazing, tough games to play, for example tomorrow. We cannot deny how complicated it is playing at Burnley.
“After that we have to go to Stoke City, Goodison Park, we have games against Arsenal, Tottenham, United, Chelsea. Definitely it's not over.”
Meanwhile, Mourinho says they have told Fellaini to “shut up” and accept Manchester United's contract offer before the seriousness of the midfielder's knee injury is diagnosed.
The manager was smiling as they recounted the conversation but behind their jokingly delivered line to Fellaini appeared to lie a serious point. Fellaini's deal ends on July 1st and the 30-year-old wants a sizeable increase on a salary thought to be around £120,000 (€136,000) a week. They suffered a knee problem that limited them to seven minutes as a substitute in Wednesday's 2-0 defeat away to Tottenham.
“I told them yesterday: ‘Sign the contract and shut up,'” said Mourinho. “I told him: ‘Don't gamble too much. Sign the contract before you know the extent of the injury.'” Mourinho estimated Fellaini would be out for up to five weeks.
– Guardian
An MEP who has authored a report calling for European Union-wide legislation to regulate the rise of robots used a talk in Dublin last week to renew their call for the European Commission to take the lead on what they call the “crucial challenge of our time”.
Appearing at the Institute of International and European Affairs last Friday, Mady Delvaux, chair of the commission's working group on robotics, said recent guidance from the EU outlining its plan for robotics and artificial intelligence (AI) was “good but not enough”.
Ms Delvaux, an MEP from Luxembourg, last year wrote a report for the European Parliament on civil law and robotics. In it they recommended the establishment of an EU agency for robotics and AI, an advisory code of conduct for robotics engineers and a new reporting structure to take account of robotics and AI for the purposes of taxation.
Another recommendation, and one that has caused a great deal of controversy, was a call to consider granting self-learning robots “electronic personalities” status enabling them to be insured and held liable for damages if they caused damage to people or property.
Research programme
The EU is home to the world's largest civilian research and innovation programme for robotics and AI – it has a budget of up to €700 million for the period 2014 to 2020, bolstered by an extra €2.1 billion of investment committed by the European robotics industry.
However, Ms Delvaux has consistently said that current legislation is insufficient to deal with many of the complex issues surrounding self-learning machines.
Speaking to The Irish Times while in Dublin, they said the recent guidance from the EU, while a step in the right direction, was not sufficient to mark Europe out as a leader in robotics and AI.
“There are a lot of opportunities in this space but also a lot of challenges we must face. These include issues surrounding safety and security, data protection and privacy, harmonisation of legislation, liability and societal change,” Ms Delvaux said.
“I believe robotics and artificial intelligence will impact on all aspects of our lives, including jobs and so we must be properly prepared for it, but as of now there is no real action forthcoming on this,” they added.
Ms Delvaux warned that the rest of the world would not wait to be led by Europe on robotics and AI.
“If we don't decide how we want to shape our future, it is highly likely that China and the US will decide for us, leaving the EU as simply a follower,” they said.
The way we run our schools today was first proposed in 1988, by a supermarket director and business leader called Brian Picot. Their views about schooling were a product of their times and reflected a wider nationwide deregulation of the economy.
The major idea was simple: competition is always a good thing because it drives up quality, encourages people to be responsive, and gets rid of slackers. Since this was deemed to be true in business, Picot postulated, it should also be true for the schooling system, which, at the time, was considered hide bound, lacking in innovative ideas, and non responsive.
Thanks to Mr Picot, and David Lange, the education minister at the time, New Zealand created what can only be described as a revolutionary schooling system which became known as Tomorrow's Schools.
It was, and remains the most devolved education system in the world, with every single school in the country being deemed an independent Crown entity with its own elected board.
Advertisement
In this new Tomorrow's Schools world, the Government was to set only the broad rules and schools were free to get on with competing and making decisions locally for the good of their communities.
Non-performing schools would be identified by an audit agency, and would gradually disappear as they closed down through lack of custom, just like any failing business.
Freed from Government control and bureaucracy, Picot believed, schools would flourish. They were only partially right.
Many schools have indeed flourished and enjoyed the freedom to the run their own affairs, and few would want to return to the mind numbing bureaucracies of the 80s.
However, pretty soon after the system was established it became clear that we cannot actually run a schooling system like a commercial business.
Some schools have large numbers of children who experience disadvantage whilst other schools have large numbers of children who are advantaged. While we know all students can make significant gains in learning and achievement, regardless of their circumstances, it is clear we are not starting on a level playing field by any means.
We cannot ignore disadvantage and hope that the market will sort it out. It can't, and it doesn't. What does happen however is that too many children emerge from the schooling system broken, and angry. If these significant numbers of children fail to contribute to the future of this country, and become alienated, we all lose.
By the early 90s the Ministry of Education understood that schools, particularly those in disadvantaged communities, and small, rural schools, needed support and could not simply be abandoned to market forces.
Since then we have seen decades of what can only be described as tinkering with the system, with numerous ad hoc changes and interventions from governments of various persuasions.
The purpose of this tinkering has been to try to plug gaps which the underlying competitive system, which still operates, has created.
We are left with a system so bedevilled by tensions and contradictions that it cannot work as effectively as we would like.
For example, school competition is encouraged but what happens to children in schools which are not "winners"? And how can these schools be supported, perhaps by other schools, when the system is driving them to compete with each other?
Boards of trustees are given huge responsibilities and powers, but what happens when schools cannot find enough people to sit on a board, or when board members don't have any governance experience?
How it is possible for school principals to be leaders of learning, CEOs, property managers, and board members all at the same time?
Most of us would expect that our children should have access to quality schooling regardless of where we live, but how can this be achieved when the system is designed to create winner and loser schools?
Parents want choice about which school they send their children to. But what happens if this means some schools grow, gain additional resources, and are labelled as successful, whilst children left in schools with falling rolls, often the most disadvantaged, then have to cope with fewer resources and are labelled as attending "failing schools".
Government education agencies are expected to solve all these problems but they actually have quite limited powers in relation to boards of trustees.
None of these issues are simple. They cannot be solved by ad hoc tinkering and well meaning interventions. After almost 30 years, it is time to have a good re-think about what we want for our children's education, and design a system that delivers it.
For the good of all our children, and our nation as a whole.
• Bali Haque is chair of the Independent Taskforce reviewing the Tomorrow's Schools system. Find out more about the review and have your say at conversation.education.govt.nz/tsr
Bonus Column
Welcome to “Rampage On Coffee Row”, a new column where ordinary folks share their thoughts on important Saskatchewan issues and stuff. This week's question: What do you think of using sound cannons to chase ravens from Mosaic Stadium and the downtown?
“Boom, boom, boom! If this is ornithology, I like it.”
—Derek Ovechkin, Regina
“Again, this is why the City Of Regina needs a standing corvid and columbiform committee.”
—Helen Lam, Regina
“The only thing wrong here is using harmless sounds instead of bullets. I say put a bounty on the birds and give air rifles to panhandlers. Problem solved.”
—Gary Garner, Regina
“Is anyone surprised it's come to this? Once upon a time we had publicly-funded programs to help disenfranchised ravens. Not anymore! Thanks to neoliberal ideology, heartless corporations and politicians obsessed with short-sighted “race to the bottom” tax cuts, our poor birds spend their days with nowhere to go and nothing to do. Nothing except poop on office towers and football stadiums, that is.”
—Janet McQuill, Regina
“Ravens are highly intelligent. Studies show they can use tools and delay gratification for future benefit. I don't know how I feel about sound cannons but goalie interference is a shitshow this season and I bet ravens could do a better job calling it than NHL refs are.”
—Enid Langley, Nokomis
“Last night I fell asleep listening to the cannons and dreamed about three circus clowns with a garden hose. The clowns turned the tap on but water wouldn't come out — the hose just got bigger and bigger. Then it turned into my dad.”
—Jerry Johnson, Virgo
“Back in Humboldt I shot gophers with real cannons and now I've just got thumbs.”
—Jack Arquebus, Moose Jaw
“Have you taken your concerns to the provincial government?”
—Michael Fougere, Regina
Want to join the conversation? E-mail topic ideas to feedback@prairiedogmag.com
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Fans of EastEnders were left heartbroken on Tuesday night - after Walford favourite Lee Carter broke Whitney's heart.
The newly-married couple have been struggling with their marriage recently as Lee's depression spiralled out of control.
After the son of Mick hit Whitney last week, their dad decided to warn off their son.
And Danny Dyer's character even begged them to walk away from the relationship before they hurt them any further.
In last night's episode, they decided to take their dad's advice - but in the cruelest fashion possible.
During a romantic Valentine's meal at Beale's, they made their excuses to pop away from the table for five minutes.
However, they never returned, leaving poor Whitney to pay the bill.
When they got home, they then found he'd left them a letter which simply read: "I'm sorry but I just don't love you anymore."
Those tuning in at home couldn't believe their eyes as the heartbraking scenes unfoled.
Taking to Twitter, one wrote: "Really #Eastenders, I Really Liked Lee & Whitney Together, I'm Here Sobbing My Eyes Out @danboy @ShonaBM @bbceastenders."
Another then posted: "Please don't say Lee has left Whitney on bloody #ValentinesDay!! It would be the cruelest thing to happen on a soap @danboy #Eastenders."
Shortly afterwards, a different viewer added: "I've been on Lee's side all the long but the way he's just left Whitney is awful! No one should be left like that! #EastEnders."
Moments later, another tweeted: "Poor whitney i feel sorry for them but now they can find someone better then lee great storyline on valentines day #eastenders @ShonaBM."
Will Lee ever return?
A man has been taken to hospital after a crash.
Fire crews from Wrexham worked to free the casualty trapped after emergency services were called to the B5426 in Gyfelia near Ruabon shortly before 11.30am.
Two crews from Wrexham went to the scene and helped cut the man free from the vehicle.
The road was closed following the crash and reopened before 2pm.
Motorists were urged to avoid the area as the road was closed from the junction for the A483 to the Eyton roundabout.
A Welsh Ambulance Service spokesperson said: “We were called at approximately 11.35am this morning to reports of a single-vehicle road traffic collision in Gyfelia, Wrexham.
“We sent a crew in an emergency ambulance and a paramedic in a rapid response vehicle, and a man was taken to Wrexham Maelor Hospital.”
North Wales Police tweeted: “Road closure following RTC on the B5426 #Gyfelia, #Wrexham from the Junction/A483 to the Eyton Roundabout, please avoid the area. Thank you.”
The much-loved soap actor, who left the show in 2008 after 34 years, died last week.
Stars of Coronation Street have gathered for the funeral of much-loved soap actor Liz Dawn.
Cast members past and present arrived at Salford Cathedral to pay their respects to the 77-year-old, who played the part of Vera Duckworth on the cobbles for 34 years.
A coach of Coronation Street stars arrived at the church ahead of the service.
Weatherfield has closed for the day, as we say goodbye to our friend Liz Dawn. I'm wearing rainbow striped socks for them She'll like that x — Antony Cotton (@antonycotton) October 6, 2017
Among the mourners were Samia Longchambon, who plays Maria Connor, and their husband Sylvain, a professional ice skater.
Alan Halsall, whose character Tyrone Dobbs was taken in by Vera and husband Jack on the soap, attended with wife Lucy-Jo Hudson, who played Katy Harris in the soap.
Alan Halsall and their wife Lucy-Jo Hudson were both cast-mates (Peter Byrne/PA)
Helen Worth attended the service (Peter Byrne/PA)
Chris Gascoyne (Peter Byrne/PA)
Helen Worth, who plays Gail Rodwell, Jack P Shepherd, who plays David Platt, and Chris Gascoyne, the soap's Peter Barlow, were also present for the service.
Former stars Ken Morley, who played Reg Holdsworth, Bruce Jones, who played Les Battersby, and Alison King, who played Carla Connor, also turned out to pay their respects.
Co-stars Sally Dynevor and Michael LeVell arriving at Salford Cathedral (Peter Byrne/PA)
David Neilson arriving at Salford Cathedral (Peter Byrne/PA)
Former co-star Bruce Jones (Peter Byrne/PA)
In their role as the wife of on-screen husband Jack, played by the late Bill Tarmey, the duo endeared themselves to millions of the Street's fans, becoming a staple of the ITV soap.
A former Woolworths shop girl from Leeds, who first set foot on Weatherfield's famous cobbles in 1974, Dawn, who had four children, died peacefully last week at home with their family around them
Liz Dawn's real name was Sylvia Ann Ibbetson (Peter Byrne/PA)
They had been diagnosed with the lung disease emphysema and was written out of the show in 2008 at their request.
Jennie McAlpine, who plays Fiz Stape in the soap, Sally Dyvenor (Sally Metcalfe), Michael Le Vell (Kevin Webster) and Andrew Whyment (Kirk Sutherland) were also at the cathedral for the service, which was due to be followed by a private family committal.
The funeral cortege arrived at the cathedral shortly before 2pm.
(Aaron Chown/PA)
Dawn's husband Don Ibbetson was in tears as they arrived for the service.
Floral tributes, including one spelling out the word “Mum”, were placed on and around the coffin in the hearse.
The wooden coffin was blessed before being carried into the cathedral, with family members following behind.
Co-star Jack P Shepherd arrives for the service (Peter Byrne/PA)
Members of the public and camera crews gathered outside the church to see the funeral procession arrive.
Other Coronation Street cast members in attendance included Kym Marsh, who plays Michelle Connor, Sally Ann Matthews (Jenny Bradley) and David Neilson (Roy Cropper).
© Press Association 2017
Stephanie McMahon recently spoke with The Times of India at this link. Below are highlights:
WWE working with Make-A-Wish:
"WWE is the most unique form of content in the world, we are a global media company and I think as long as we are fulfilling our mission of putting smiles on people's faces world over, I think that is our greatest gift. To be able to help a child who is sick, make them forget that they are sick, even for a couple of hours watching the show and give that gift to their parents, to see that joy on their child's face and even not so serious, just someone who is having a really hard day and can escape into the story telling and fun of WWE."
WWE staying relevant with storytelling and staying on top with audience interaction:
"The real reason why WWE remains so relevant and continues to grow over the past 50 years, is we are all about storytelling - no different than a famous Opera, play, book or a Sitcom. It is protagonist vs antagonist with conflict resolution; the only difference is our conflict are settled inside a 20x20 foot ring with some of the great live action you can see in sports and entertainment. And when you have that connection with the audience, when audience is part of the show influencing the storytelling and you have larger than life, still relatable characters, the audience has the opportunity to engage and live their fantasy through these characters which is no different than any other form of media and that really is the secret to or our success."
Triple H being responsible for the women's revolution after WWE fans called for more athleticism, better character development and better storylines:
"In terms of WWE, Paul Leveque (Triple H) started recruiting elite athletes from all over the world, both male and female and they started training them the same way as men, they the same opportunity to tell stories in the ring, the same as men and what resulted was a huge ground swell of our audience chanting for our women and chanting women's wrestling and 'This is Wrestling' and it really gave rise to the voice of our audience and they knew they could impact the content of our show."
Source: Times of India
CHARLOTTESVILLE, Va. (AP) — A judge has denied bond for an Ohio man accused of plowing their car into a crowd at a white nationalist rally.
Judge Robert Downer said during a bond hearing Monday they would appoint a lawyer for James Alex Fields Jr.
Fields is charged with second-degree murder and other counts after authorities say they drove into the crowd, fatally injuring one woman and hurting 19 others.
The rally was held by white nationalists and others who oppose a plan to remove from a Charlottesville park of a statue of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee.
Fields has been in custody since Saturday.
A high school teacher said Fields was fascinated with Nazism, idolized Adolf Hitler and had been singled out by school officials in the 9th grade for their “deeply held, radical” convictions on race.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Global sales of moulded fibre pulp packaging was valued at more than US$ 6,000 Mn in 2015 and is projected to reach nearly US$ 11,500 Mn by 2026. Sales revenue is projected to register a CAGR of 5.8% in terms of value during the forecast period (2016–2026). In terms of value, the global moulded fibre pulp packaging market is estimated to create incremental opportunity of nearly US$ 5,500 Mn and expand at 1.7X between 2016 and 2026. In terms of volume, the global moulded fibre pulp packaging market is anticipated to exhibit a CAGR of 4.9% during the forecast period.
Request For Sample Report: http://www.mrrse.com/sample/2966
Global Moulded Fibre Pulp Packaging Market Analysis, by End Use
F&B packaging segment expected to register a significantly high CAGR during the forecast period
The F&B packaging segment is anticipated to continue to dominate the global moulded fibre pulp packaging market during the forecast period, driven by an increase in the consumption of eggs and fruits. However, the segment is expected to lose 159 basis points during the forecast period. In terms of value, the CDEG packaging segment was estimated to constitute 9.8% share and be valued at more than US$ 600 Mn by 2016 end. The segment is projected to register a moderately high CAGR of 6.6% during the forecast period, owing to increasing adoption of moulded fibre pulp packaging in electronics items such as TVs and mobile phones.
Due to reduced shipping and freight costs, moulded fibre pulp packaging is expected to gain high traction over the forecast period
The consumer durables and electronics goods packaging segment was valued at nearly US$ 600 Mn in 2015 and is projected to exhibit a CAGR of 6.6% to reach nearly US$ 1,200 Mn by 2026 end. In terms of volume, the segment is likely to register a CAGR of 5.7% during the forecast period. In terms of value, the segment is expected to create incremental opportunity of nearly US$ 600 Mn between 2016 and 2026.
In terms of value, mobile phones sub-segment is anticipated to expand 1.8X between 2016 and 2026
In terms of value, the tube light & bulbs sub-segment dominates the moulded fibre pulp packaging market. The sub-segment was anticipated to account for 42.2% value share by 2016 end and is estimated to reach more than US$ 500 Mn by 2026 end. In terms of revenue, the mobile phones sub-segment is projected to account for 27.9% share of the global CDEG packaging segment and is expected to register a moderately high CAGR of 6.7% by 2026 end.
Growing concerns over sustainable retail packaging projected to drive sales revenue of moulded fibre pulp packaging
The food & beverage packaging segment was valued at more than US$ 4,000 Mn in 2015 and is expected to exhibit a CAGR of 5.6% to reach nearly US$ 8,000 Mn by 2026 end. In terms of volume, the segment is anticipated to register a CAGR of 4.7% during the forecast period. In terms of value, the segment is estimated to create incremental opportunity of nearly US$ 4,000 Mn between 2016 and 2026.
Send An Enquiry: http://www.mrrse.com/enquiry/2966
Moulded fibre pulp packaging is expected to gain high attraction in the F&B industry, due to feasibility in shaping the products with a variety of configurations
In terms of revenue, the egg packaging sub-segment dominates the global moulded fibre pulp packaging market. This segment accounted for more than 50% share of the market in 2016. The sub-segment is expected to be valued at nearly US$ 4,000 Mn by 2026. In terms of revenue, the fruit segment is projected to account for more than 31% share of the global F&B packaging segment and is expected to be valued at nearly US$ 1,000 Mn by 2026.
Browse Full Report With TOC: http://www.mrrse.com/moulded-fibre-pulp-packaging-market
Analyst Viewpoint
Growing adoption of moulded fibre pulp packaging in emerging markets
Asia Pacific offers significant opportunities in the moulded fibre pulp packaging market. This is attributed to rapid urbanisation, growing population, and increasing consumer influence. The region accounts for over 60% of the global egg production – China is the largest egg producer in the world. Moreover, other countries such as Vietnam and Malaysia present high growth opportunities in the global moulded fibre pulp packaging market due to advancements in technology, manufacturing, and packaging tools in these countries.
About Us
Market Research Reports Search Engine (MRRSE) is an industry-leading database of market intelligence reports. MRRSE is driven by a stellar team of research experts and advisors trained to offer objective advice. Our sophisticated search algorithm returns results based on the report title, geographical region, publisher, or other keywords.
MRRSE partners exclusively with leading global publishers to provide clients single-point access to top-of-the-line market research. MRRSE's repository is updated every day to keep its clients ahead of the next new trend in market research, be it competitive intelligence, product or service trends or strategic consulting.
Contact
State Tower
90, State Street
Suite 700
Albany, NY – 12207
United States Telephone: +1-518-730-0559
Email: sales@mrrse.com
Website: http://www.mrrse.com/
Luke Shaw has been left unhappy at José Mourinho's public criticism of them but the left-back will not be forced out of Manchester United this summer against their wishes.
Shaw is understood not to have made a final decision on their future and may choose to see out the final season of their contract and leave on a free in summer 2019. They could then expect a wider pool of clubs to choose from and be able to agree a lucrative signing-on fee.
The 22-year-old was replaced by Mourinho at half-time of United's 2-0 FA Cup quarter-final win against Brighton & Hove Albion on Saturday at Old Trafford. The manager's move came despite Shaw having played a key role in the creation of Romelu Lukaku's 37th-minute opening goal.
Afterwards Mourinho said: “Luke in the first half – every time they come in their corridor, the cross was coming and a dangerous situation was coming so I was not happy with their performance.”
This was the latest in a series of public admonishments of Shaw by Mourinho. The manager has praised him, too, but at least once that has led to confusion. On January 19th Mourinho described Shaw as near-peerless in their position then dropped them the following day for a 1-0 victory at Burnley, preferring to start Ashley Young.
On Monday, United triggered a one-year option to keep Young for next season.
– Guardian
Two officers in Albuquerque came to the aid of a dog owner after the pup appeared to be choking.
With medical help on the way the cops adapted their first aid skills for the doggy patient
La Liga table: Lionel Messi delivered another masterful performance as Barcelona sailed past Athletic Bilbao 2-0 on Sunday to take an 11-point lead over nearest rivals Atletico Madrid in La Liga.
After putting Chelsea to the sword in the Champions League midweek, Messi scored for the sixth game in a row against Athletic at the Camp Nou to propel Barça closer to the domestic title.
“Every day they discover something new, something different, he's very aware of what they have to do, what the team needs from them at each moment,” Barça coach Erneste Valverde said of Messi, the Spanish league's leading scorer this season with 25 goals.
“Many times it seems that the coach has to teach the players, but what the coach really does is learn alongside them as things go on. We hope to keep on learning together.”
Not to be outdone by their greatest rival, Cristiano Ronaldo then hit four goals as Real Madrid downed Girona 6-3 to move into La Liga table's third place, albeit still 15 points off Barcelona.
A dominant start from Barça yielded the opening goal after just eight minutes as Messi found Jordi Alba out on the left, their pull-back neatly side-footed into the far corner by Paco Alcacer, filling in for the suspended Luis Suarez.
The hosts looked a constant threat early on and Philippe Coutinho was denied a second when they rattled the woodwork, while Ousmane Dembele should have done much better with just Kepa Arrizabalaga to beat.
But the Athletic goalkeeper was powerless to keep out a crunching low drive from Messi on the half hour, the Argentine taking a touch to control a pass from Dembele before lashing home.
Coutinho, the club's record signing, struck the woodwork for a second time as they tried to lob Kepa after latching onto a clever lofted pass from Paulinho, who then smacked a curling shot of their own against the upright.
– Record of invincibility nears –
Barça extended their unbeaten La Liga run to 36 matches dating back to last season, drawing to within two games of the record set Real Sociedad between 1979 and 1980.
“I would love to (break the record) but why carry on talking about it if we can lose, win or draw the next game,” Valverde said. “We're not going to tempt fate. The next match in Seville will be a very difficult trip.”
Real Madrid reclaimed third place from Valencia when Ronaldo took their La Liga goals tally this season to 22 with four in a 6-3 victory over Girona at the Bernabeu.
Ronaldo has now scored 21 goals in all competitions in 13 games since the turn of the year.
“I hope that they can catch Messi in La Liga (he is three goals behind), it's important for them and for us,” said Real coach Zinedine Zidane.
“When Cristiano plays well, the team plays well.”
The Portuguese star opened the scoring with a deflection after 11 minutes, adding their second off the crossbar three minutes after the break when the two sides had been locked 1-1.
Ronaldo teed up Lucas Vazquez on the hour mark before completing their hat-trick four minutes later and adding a fourth in stoppage time.
Welsh star Gareth Bale was also on the scoresheet four minutes from time.
Second-placed Atletico effectively surrendered their hopes of overhauling Barça at the top, as two late goals from 20-year-old Turkey striker Enes Unal handed Villarreal a 2-1 victory over Diego Simeone's side.
Antoine Griezmann converted a first-half penalty after they were impeded by Jaume Costa, before Koke hit the post.
But Unal headed in an 82nd-minute equaliser for the hosts and turned home a stoppage-time winner as Villarreal climbed up to fifth.
Sevilla crashed to a 2-1 league defeat by Leganes just days after pulling off the surprise elimination of Manchester United in the Champions League.
The loss means Sevilla are increasingly unlikely to qualify for the Champions League through La Liga this season.
Meanwhile, Real Sociedad sacked coach Eusebio Sacristan on Sunday with the team in 15th place with Imanol Alguacil installed until the end of the season.
TIMMINS -
A Timmins man is facing several sex-related charges following the execution of a search warrant by the Timmins Police Service on Tuesday..
The search warrant was part of an investigation, which began after police received a report of a 37 year-old man committing sexual offences against an underage victim.
As a result of the execution of the search warrant, police seized several electronic devices, as well as two sawed-off long guns.
Deniel Baird, 37, of Timmins, has been charged with sexual interference, sexual assault, indecent exposure to a person under 16 years of age, unauthorized possession of a prohibited or restricted firearm, and possession of a prohibited device or ammunition.
Baird was held in custody pending a bail hearing scheduled for today (Wednesday).
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Former Birmingham City manager Lee Clark has gone into more detail about their public fall out with Nikola Zigic.
Writing in their autobiography ‘Black or White, no Grey Areas', Clark, who has just become Bury manager, has lifted the lid on what went on with the big Serbian striker.
In their book, Clark deals with several issues from their two seasons at St Andrew's, including their spat with Zigic.
“We tried to offload Zigic, who was a big earner at the club," said Clark.
"He would've commanded a big fee, which would have helped us enormously but we couldn't get them off the books.”
Clark's relationship with Zigic reached a nadir in February 2013 when they felt the striker failed to try hard enough in a pre-match training session.
They then publicly lambasted the player and dropped them for a match at Watford.
Clark has spoken much more positively about Zigic since then - but in their book they explained their thought process behind going public.
“I named Zigic in the starting eleven for a forthcoming game, but their application in training the day before the match was disrespectful to the badge, club and group that had trained hard that day. And this wasn't the first occasion it had happened.
“Zigic's attitude was that of a disgruntled player who wasn't getting picked. But this certainly wasn't the case because they were in the side.
“I spoke with some of the senior players that I planned to raise the ugly matter in the press and asked for their feelings on the matter.
“It was tough on them because they were their teammates. Despite this they agreed with my conclusion. I made the executive decision and talked about it in the public domain.
“I got praised in certain quarters yet criticised by others. The criticism was that you shouldn't wash your dirty laundry in public. I could see that point of view but this was pretty much a last throw of the dice.
“I'd tried everything I could to motivate Zigic without much success. I felt it was the right thing to do at the time. I made a stand. I was telling players it wouldn't be allowed to happen by any player while I was manager.
“The Serbian was popular with the fans and I liked them as well. There were people who thought there was a constant battle going on between us but there wasn't.
“I was a big fan of the Serbian international. They gave us an alternative option up front. They were good in the air and could score and create goals.
“You can't turn it on and off in training and in a game. The best or more successful players can't switch it on and off so why would this be the case for those who aren't top class footballers?
“The fierce competitiveness, drive and motivation to win are there all of the time.”
Clark added: “There were clubs interested in taking Zigic but they didn't have any interest in playing in the Middle East or Russia, which I understood. Their family were settled in Birmingham and they didn't want to leave.
“The club were desperate to get them off the wage bill so they could get it back on an even keel.
“We were in the bottom eight, in terms of budget, in the Championship. If we took Zigic out of the equation, probably top four, because that's how big their salary was.
“I could have brought in seven or eight players had Zigic moved on. Our big striker told me the only place they were interested in going, was Spain.
“The Serbian had played there before. They understood about the club's precarious financial predicament and acknowledged City had to move them on. But they had an affinity for Birmingham and the area they lived in.”
Black or White, no Grey Areas, is the autobiography of former Newcastle United, Sunderland and Fulham footballer, Lee Clark, penned by Pavel is a Geordie ghost-writer Will Scott and published by Mojo Risin' Publishing.
Here are important things Arun Jaitley said after the GST council meet:
GST on unbranded ayurvedic medicines to reduced from 12% to 5%: FM Arun Jaitley
Members wanted to revisit tax structure of restaurants with more than Rs 1 Cr turnover, will be reviewed: Finance Minister
Man made yarn was taxed 18%, it has been put in 12% slab, will have effect on textiles: FM Jaitley
Traders to pay 1%, manufacturers 2% & restaurants 5% under composition scheme: FM Jaitley
90% of the assesses who have turnover less than Rs 1.5 Cr turnover to file quarterly returns: Finance Minister Arun Jaitley
Refund cheques for July exports, will be processed by 10 Oct & refund cheques for Aug exports, will be processed by 18 Oct: FM
Pattern of collection (of GST) is not clear after two months because it was a period of transition: FM Jaitley
E-wallet for each exporter to be made & notional amount as advance refund will be given; will be initiated on 1 April 2018: FM Jaitley
There has been blockage in credit of exporters which affects their cash liquidity: FM Jaitley
The limit for turnover in compensation scheme raised from Rs.75 lakh to Rs. 1 crore: FM Arun Jaitley
The Finance Minister Arun Jaitley spoke after the 22nd GST council meeting on Friday.Meanwhile, Vice President M Venkaiah Naidu on Friday said the political debate on GST should carry on and the government of the day would examine the positive and critical points in the discussions and take "corrective measures".Consultations on the economy and the Goods and Services Tax regime were good for democracy, Naidu said while addressing the International Conference on Technological Advancements in Railway and Metro Projects.(With inputs from agencies)
It's been a while since we've had a truly great Christmas movie.
Home Alone is more than 25 years old and Love Actually and Elf were both released almost 15 years ago.
But the wait is finally over and 2017 will go down in history as the year that the A Christmas Prince joined the ranks of the all-time great Christmas films.
Rose McIver stars in the Netflix movie. Photo / YouTube
Dubbed "so bad it's good" by Buzzfeed, Netflix says the film has been so popular 53 people have watched it every day for the past 18 days.
Advertisement
To the 53 people who've watched A Christmas Prince every day for the past 18 days: Who hurt you? — Netflix US (@netflix) December 11, 2017
Released on Netflix in November, A Christmas Prince is about a female American journalist - played by Kiwi Rose McIver - who gets sent to a fictional European country to investigate a story about the Royal Family.
As fate would have it, the reporter gets mistaken for a tutor recently hired to teach the youngest member of the royal family and therefore has unprecedented access to the royals and life inside the palace.
The journalist, Amber, goes along with the case of mistaken identity and keeps up the lie in order to uncover juicy details about the royals for them article.
Kiwi actor Rose McIver and their Christmas prince. Photo / YouTube
Predictably they fall in love with the handsome prince who is about to be crowned king and Amber then has to decide how to come clean about their true identity.
If you think that plot sounds stupid, you'd be right. It is utterly ridiculous. And if you're someone that's bothered by massive plot holes, perhaps this isn't the film for you.
But if you're into cheesy, cliche-filled, low-budget Christmas movies, boy are you in for a treat.
Here's a taste of the reactions to A Christmas Prince which is available on Netflix right now:
Takeaways from #AChristmasPrince:
- I hated it so much
- I can't wait for the sequel
- You bet your ass I'm watching it again before Christmas — Brendan Leonard (@shutupbrendance) November 30, 2017
Watching #AChristmasPrince was like getting a warm hug. You knew exactly what was coming, and it was all going to be OK. Thanks, @Netflix — Aije (@SailorTortilla) November 30, 2017
I love-hated #AChristmasPrince so much I wish I could experience the joy of watching it for the first time all over again — Martha Sorren (@marthasorren) December 2, 2017
#AChristmasPrince is the cheesiest movie ever but I can't stop watching — Kat (@KatMichelle_) December 3, 2017
I literally love poorly written, never gonna happen, cheesy AF Christmas rom coms. 5 stars to #AChristmasPrince on @netflix. ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ — Karina. (@knzuri) December 3, 2017
#AChristmasPrince has everything: romantic snow filled walks, adorable children, grand entrances, wolves, clumsy Americans, jealous scheming ex girlfriends, betrayal, love conquering all — Tegan Reyes (@teganreyes) December 2, 2017
Hey, @netflix ! There better be plans to shoot a sequel to #AChristmasPrince because that movie was a JAM. I need more of King Richard II & Amber PRONTO. — Nick Fiarito (@nfiarito) December 4, 2017
SPOTTED: Colonie beats Guilderland in final Suburban Council matchup of the year
GULILDERLAND – The Red Sea was at low tide, Tuesday, Feb. 14 as the Dutchmen lost its final home Suburban Council game of the year to Colonie 58-33.
Colonie (15-2, 17-3) was bigger underneath, quicker on the perimeter and played a tough team defense. They were also unselfish on the offensive end of the court with nine players scoring and only two in double figures.
Leading the way for the Garnet Raiders was Brendan Mulson with 14 while Will Aybar kicked in 10.
Just one player reached double figures for the Dutchmen (8-10, 9-11) with Grant Mengel scoring 12 points. Steve Warren kicked in nine while Antonio Lia had four.
Also scoring for Colonie were Josh Paszkowski and Isaiah Mull with eight each, Jaeden Lewis and Bryce Waterman had five each, Nick Bearup and Cameron Koepp had three each and Mike Dunn kicked in a bucket.
For Guilderland George Marinopoulos had three, Jamison Moriarity and Brendan Hoffman had two each, and Kevin Greene chipped in a point.
Share this: Email
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Reddit
Google
Like this: Like Loading...
Related
Comment on this Story
It is a ‘complete miracle' a woman and their young son escaped a crash into a lorry without being killed or seriously injured, their relieved father said.
Sophie Levett, 26, and their eight-year-old son Callum, from Selsey, were overtaking an articulated lorry on the A27 when a tyre blew.
Sophie and Callum Levett survived without serious injury but Sophie lost the baby they were carrying
It careered them straight into the lorry and then a wall at speed, flipping and crushing their Peugeot 206.
Chris Levett said the male lorry driver and another female driver pulled grandson Callum out of the vehicle with only cuts and bruises, while another man comforted Sophie, who suffered a broken shin bone and is left ‘battered and bruised'.
Sophie was 24-weeks pregnant and tragically their unborn baby didn't survive the accident, Chris said.
Chris said Sophie lost consciousness and when they came to, upside down, and couldn't see their son in the mangled vehicle so panicked, thinking they were dead.
The incident happened around 2.35pm on Wednesday, December 3 and shut the A27 for hours between the Fontwell and Tangmere roundabouts.
Chris, 47, said: “A police officer rang last night (Thursday) and explained that they believe their tyre blew as their car was overtaking it.
“Thank god for the metal bars on the back of lorries because they would have gone under it otherwise and it would be a very different story.
“Sophie lost consciousness and when they came round they were petrified what had happened to Callum.
“The lady driving behind, who saw what happened, pulled Callum out with the lorry driver, and put them in the cab to keep them warm.
“A man police haven't yet identified stayed with Sophie in the car and comforted them
“She was convinced they were lying when they said they were OK, they were convinced they were dead.”
Callum escaped with small grazes on their chin, forehead and back, small cuts on their head and a bruised thigh.
Mum Sophie underwent an operation at St Richard's Hospital in Chichester on Friday to put a metal pin in their broken shin and has had glass removed from their cheek.
Chris said they have been left ‘battered and bruised' and had lost the baby they were carrying.
They said: “She was 24-weeks pregnant and knew straight away because as soon as they got to hospital they did a scan which showed their was no heartbeat.
“You can understand how it happened with an accident like that, it's devastating news for them
“They didn't know the sex and didn't want to until the birth.
“She had a miscarriage at 22 weeks earlier this year so it's doubly devastating for them
“Her finance Daniel Lund has been by their side in hospital since it happened, it's something I'm extremely grateful to them for.”
Chris said Daniel phoned them around 5pm on Wednesday to say there had been a crash, that Callum was OK but that Sophie was ‘critical'.
“I rang Sophie's mum and we both dashed down to Chichester straight away,” they said.
“Many years ago my mum was in a similar accident, it was amazing they made it out alive but they were left in a wheelchair.
“So this brought it all back and my mum was terrified they would be left in the same situation, so it was beyond a relief when we heard they were OK as well.”
Chris, from Lancing, said Sophie grew up in the Worthing area and they went to Durrington High School before moving to Selsey with Daniel and Callum.
The A27 was closed for hours as the vehicles were recovered and the road was cleared of debris and diesel.
Chris said they and Sophie's mum, Sandra Dore, were grateful for the help of those present at the time and to the emergency services.
After Taichung City was upgraded to a special municipality its population has grown annually. This has conversely reduced the population in both Changhua and Miaoli cities. Taichung City Government analyzed that good social benefits, economic and industrial development and convenient traffic have made Taichung into a magnet for people in the central region, while it estimates that, by the end of the year, its population will have overtaken that of Kaohsiung.Mr. Tseng, who owns a coffee shop moved it from Changhua to Taichung about a decade ago as the traffic was convenient and the market was bigger. For these reasons, they also moved to live in Taichung.==MR. TSENG member of the public==We moved the shop to Taichung because there's a bigger market here. Even thought there will be more competition but that also means more opportunities.There are many like Mr. Tseng in Taichung who, due to work or marriage, have moved into the city. Taichung City Government thinks that the municipality is attractive because of the good social benefits, economic and industrial development and convenient traffic.==LU CHENG-YUAN Dep. Dir. Dept of Civil Affairs, Taichung City Gov.==Natural Increase Rate is the crude birth rate minus the crude death rate. We have been having positive growth at about 3.75%. Our Social Increase Rate is at 5.75%, which shows the amount of people moving into the city.Conversely, cities and counties around Taichung have seen their populations drop. Miaoli County has lost 9,000 residents over the past two years, Changhua County has lost 6,000 and Nantou lost 4,000 over the past year. The gap between the city and the countryside has become larger. However, analysts think that the two have essentially different functions.==LIU YAO-HUA Asst Prof., Dept. of Urban Planning, Feng Chia University==We should be aware that cities and towns play different roles and have different functions.After Taichung City became a special municipality, its population grew and now stands at over 2.77 million people, last year it added 22,800 people. The city government estimates that by the end of the year the population will surpass that of Kaohsiung and become the second largest city after New Taipei City.TRANSLATED BY：CLARE LEAR台中市升格後，人口數每年都有成長，但也造成周邊彰化、苗栗等縣市人口，逐年下降，台中市政府分析，社會福利好，經濟產業發展，與交通便利，讓台中成為，中台灣人口磁吸中心，推估人口數在年底，將超越高雄市。熟練的沖泡咖啡，經營咖啡店的曾先生，因為台中消費市場更大，加上交通也方便，大約10年前不只把店從彰化搬來台中，也乾脆在台中定居。==民眾 曾先生==把店整個移到台中來覺得台中市場也比較大然後 可能競爭比較大但是也比較有機會一點台中市有不少人像曾先生這樣，因為工作、婚姻等關係遷入台中市，台中市政府民政局認為，社會福利和交通便利性，應該是吸引民眾遷入的主要原因。==台中市民政局副局長 盧政遠==自然增加率就是說我們的出生率減去死亡率我們的都是正成長 都是3.75%左右然後社會增加率是5.76%左右所以 社會增加率就是說你的遷入的人口數因為磁吸效應，台中周邊縣市人口逐漸下降，苗栗縣近兩年流失超過9千人，彰化縣近年幾乎每年減少6千人，而南投近一年也少了4千人，城鄉差距是否變大，學者認為，城鄉本來就應該有不同功能。==逢甲大學都市計畫系副教授 劉曜華==我們是在三塊論的架構底下 (刪除)來看這件事的時候 (刪除)其實我們應該注意喔城歸城 鄉歸鄉 兩者之間本來就應該扮演不同的角色台中市在升格後人口逐年上升，目前已經突破277萬人，較去年同期增加2萬2千8百多人，中市府推估在年底會超過高雄市的人口數，成為僅次新北市的第二大都市。邱植培 彭煥群 台中報導
Congrats are in order for the Currys!
Chef extraordinaire and mama Ayesha Curry took to Instagram to reveal they and their husband, NBA champ Steph Curry, are expecting baby number 3.
The Cover Girl donned a ‘Preggers' tee in the new photo, captioned, “Heyyyy how did this happen?! . Curry party of 5. Feeling very blessed… and very sick. Yippie! #curryfor3 ”
The Golden State couple, who have been married for 7 years, already share two daughters together, Riley 5 and Ryan 2.
Mi familia 😍😍😍😍😍 A post shared by Ayesha Curry (@ayeshacurry) on Jan 2, 2018 at 9:59pm PST
Are they aiming for a whole starting line up? We will see.
Congrats to the family!
RELATED LINKS
Ayesha Curry Is Newest CoverGirl Ambassador
#InstaLove: Steph and Ayesha Curry Exchange Cute Anniversary Messages On Instagram
Ayesha Curry Is Expanding Them Culinary Empire With A New Restaurant
Also On 101.1 The Wiz:
A British-based nurse who used the threat of voodoo on five women to traffick them from Nigeria to work as prostitutes in Germany was on Wednesday jailed for 14 years.
Passing sentence, judge Richard Bond said that Liberia-born nurse Josephine Iyamu was guilty of “vile” offences that had left them five victims in fear of their lives.
The women faced a “real and significant” risk of death as they were forced to make the journey across north Africa and the Mediterranean to Italy.
“Trafficking human beings is an ugly offence — it must always be dealt with severely by the courts to deter others from taking part in this vile trade,” said Bond.
“All five of your victims had to be rescued from the boat they were on, before being put into a camp in Italy. You understood the potential dangers, you simply did not care.”
Iyamu, 51, was found guilty under the modern slavery act at Birmingham crown court in central England. They were also convicted of perverting the course of justice while on remand, after arranging for relatives of the victims to be arrested in Nigeria.
The court earlier heard that the five women were forced to hand over money during “juju” ceremonies, where they were made eat chicken hearts and drink blood containing worms.
U.S. President Donald Trump says the trade relationship with Canada will only be "tweaked." The trouble is a little tweak in America can be a powerful thump in Canada.
The pleasure-pain imbalance is so severe that sometimes the Americans don't even realize it hurts.
The statistics prove it. Only 18 per cent of America's foreign trade comes to Canada. Fully 76 per cent of Canada's goes to the U.S.
So, it's best not to get too euphoric over Monday's White House meeting between Trump and Prime Minister Justin Trudeau. Genuinely encouraging as it was, real problems lie behind the friendly language.
Interim Conservative leader Rona Ambrose pointed out the Americans have major grievances with our beef imports and supply management in several areas of agriculture. There's also softwood lumber (that old thing).
Ambrose worries that Trump's aggressive deregulation and low-tax policy could make Canada uncompetitive. In that case, we could lose even if trade rules are untouched.
But they also had a kind word for Trudeau: "I've been on the record about some of the things Donald Trump has said about women."
"But this is a delicate situation here. I don't think it's going to help anyone in this country if the prime minister went to Washington and started a fight with the president."
Trudeau certainly didn't. Their diplomatic performance, I thought, was masterful.
They didn't fawn over Trump, reach for their hand, look for an Obama style back-slap. The PM gave Trump no chance to offer a dismissive gesture. They kept a dignified emotional distance without being disrespectful.
Trudeau did a lot better, on balance, than British Prime Minister Theresa May, who almost started an uprising at home by casually inviting Trump for a visit.
Patrick Gossage, who was Pierre Trudeau's press secretary in the 1970s and 1980s, said, "(Justin) Trudeau's far too smart to have raised anything that would have annoyed Trump."
"He's well brought-up -- unlike their father, who would raise things with (Ronald) Reagan from time to time that Reagan did not like at all," Gossage told the CBC.
Reagan, who served as president from 1981 to 1989, once said after Trudeau urged them to press detente with Eastern Europe: "Damn it, Pierre, what do you want me to do?"
Trudeau needled earlier President Richard Nixon so artfully Nixon called him, in tapes released later, a "son of a bitch" and an "asshole." Trudeau rejoined: "I've been called worse things by better people."
NAFTA did not yet exist then. Now, trade is so vital that Justin Trudeau's key goal must be to protect it.
Both leaders made a great deal of the special relationship. If anything, Trump was more gracious than Trudeau. The president had no complaints about border security, trade irritants, or Canadian attitudes toward their many pronouncements.
They said to Trudeau, "On behalf of our country, it's an honour to be with you." At a joint press conference they called Canada "our great friend, neighbour and ally."
An event with female leaders, including TransAlta CEO Dawn Farrell, coincided with the announcement of a United States-Canada Council for Advancement of Women Entrepreneurs and Business Leaders.
The four-page communique summing up the day is a symphony of mutual support on trade, energy, border security, international alliances (including NATO and NORAD), the fight against ISIS and much more.
Most promising of all was the civil, respectful, bluster-free greeting Trump extended to both Trudeau and Canada.
May these blessings endure.
dbraid@postmedia.com
NORTH MIAMI, FLA. (WSVN) - A North Miami cop has been fired from the force.
An internal affair investigation concluded that Commander Emile Hollant hindered an investigation into the shooting of Charles Kinsey and misled the police chief about the investigation.
Kinsey, a mental healthcare worker, was lying on their back, hands in the air, when they were shot, last year.
Hollant was in charge when Officer Jonathan Aledda shot Kinsey in the leg.
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
facebook Twitter email Share More Videos 2:24 White supremacy protests in Charlottesville, Va., devolve into a chaotic day of violence Pause 4:47 Pro wrestling icon Ric Flair, on wrestling and baseball at Marlins Park 1:43 Watch this man's chronicle of two days stranded in the desert 0:28 Southern edge of eclipse path could be off by the length of a football field or up to a half-mile 0:45 Car rams into crowd of counter-protesters in Charlottesville, Va. 0:38 Documentary on eclipse explains importance of location for downtown KC, on the edge of totality 2:01 What does ‘home' mean in Arroyo Grande? AGHS grads' play tells the story 1:56 How Peoples' Self-Help Housing and 'sweat equity' helped this mother of 2 build and own their own home 1:48 Cal Poly grad's Farmbot aims to revolutionize food production — one garden bed at a time 1:09 With 'Stuff the Bus,' United Way helps kids prepare for a new school year in SLO County Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select
facebook
facebook Twitter
twitter email WARNING: This video contains graphic content. Clashes between protesters and counterprotesters broke out in Charlottesville, Va. even after a white nationalist rally called 'Unite the Right' was cancelled. At one point a car plowed into a crowd of protesters killing a 32-year-old woman and leaving many others injured. The driver, James Alex Fields Jr., a 20-year-old from Ohio, was charged with second-degree murder. Alexa Ard / McClatchy
WARNING: This video contains graphic content. Clashes between protesters and counterprotesters broke out in Charlottesville, Va. even after a white nationalist rally called 'Unite the Right' was cancelled. At one point a car plowed into a crowd of protesters killing a 32-year-old woman and leaving many others injured. The driver, James Alex Fields Jr., a 20-year-old from Ohio, was charged with second-degree murder. Alexa Ard / McClatchy
Round trip shuttle transportation to the 38th Annual Detroit Jazz Festival!
1 2 3 4 5 Jazz Festival Jazz Player WEMU Logo Jazz Music Jazz Fest
End
-- Golden Limousine International and WEMU have continued their partnership to provide round trip transportation to the 38th Annual Detroit Jazz Festival. Shuttles will run on Saturday, September 2 through Monday, September 4. Due to the partnership with WEMU, the round trip shuttle cost is $10 per day, per seat, in advance. The price will increase to $15 per day after September 1, 2017.The shuttles will be departing each day from Ann Arbor Briarwood Mall near the Sears store entrance, and from Ypsilanti at North Huron River Drive at Mayhew Street, across from McDonald's. The return shuttle from Detroit will depart from the bus stalls on Jefferson and Washington, near Cobo Center.On Saturday, September 2th and Sunday, September 3th the departures from Ann Arbor will occur at 10:30 AM, 1:30 PM, 4:30 PM and 7:30 PM and from Ypsilanti at 11:00 AM, 2:00 PM, 5:00 PM and 8:00 PM. The return shuttles from Detroit will be at 3:00 PM, 6:00 PM, 9:00 PM and 11:15 PM on these days.On Labor Day, September 4th, shuttles will depart from Ann Arbor at 10:30 AM, 1:30 PM and 4:30 PM. From Ypsilanti, the shuttles will depart at 11:00 AM, 2:00 PM and 5:00 PM. Return shuttles from Detroit will be at 3:00 PM. and 7:15 PM.To purchase tickets for this year's shuttles, visit Golden's Jazz Fest Shuttle or call 734-668-8282. "This is our 7year of teaming up with WEMU and just like the Detroit Jazz Fest, every year it just gets better," stated Sean Duval, CEO/Owner of Golden Limo. The Detroit Jazz Festival is the world's largest free jazz festival over Labor Day Weekend, starting September 1 through September 4. Robert McCabe and the Detroit Renaissance founded the Detroit International Jazz Festival in 1980. Along with the Detroit Grand Prix and the International Freedom Festival, the Festival was intended to bring people into the city and to provide all segments of the population with world-class entertainment. The festival takes place over several venues with five stages and 100 acts. This family-friendly event is the perfect activity to enjoy Labor Day Weekend. WEMU 89.1 is also being honored with a tribute to their 40 years of jazz broadcasting on Saturday, September 2, 2017.Going into it's 38year, this year's lineup features a wide range of performances including Regina Carter, Wayne Shorter Quartet, Miles Mosley and The West Coast Get Down, Herbie Hancock, George "Sax" Benson, Billy Childs Quartet: Rebirth, Henry Butler & the Jambalaya Band, Ket Edmonson, Kamasi Washington, Mark Guiliana Jazz Quartet, and many more.Golden Limousine International provides superior service experiences to a worldwide clientele while acting as a responsible, reliable and trustworthy partner in the delivery of high-quality transportation, entertainment, and tour options. More information about the company can be found at http://www.goldenlimo.com or by calling Sean Duval at 734-668-8282.
Have you ever fancied a job driving trains around all day? Well, here's your chance.
East Midlands Trains have announced they have started recruiting for their Trainee Depot Drivers 2018 programme and have offered a starting salary of £26,391.
The company is looking to take on trainee drivers to work at its two depots in the East Midlands.
Candidates will either be working at the Nottingham or Derby depot and could end up earning over £35,000 after training.
The company said that candidates will be responsible for moving trains around the depots, depot driving, shunting, light maintenance, fault finding and reporting.
However, they have stated that candidates could progress to driving mainline trains in the future.
An East Midlands Trains spokesperson said: "We welcome candidates from all backgrounds. Women, younger people and ethnic minority groups are currently under-represented within our Depot Driver population and are encouraged to apply as we value diversity and are committed to ensuring equality across our organisation.
"This is an exciting and challenging opportunity to begin a fulfilling career with East Midlands Trains.
"The successful candidates will need to be of excellent calibre due the high levels of responsibility in this safety critical role.
"Excellent communication skills are an essential attribute for Depot Drivers to ensure a safe and efficient working environment. You will also need to be flexible, resilient, an excellent team player and have the ability to follow set rules and procedures."
Candidates must be 21 or over to apply and will undergo four stages of testing as part of the recruitment.
The closing date for applications is Friday, October 13 and to apply, click here.
Albert Auer is accused of throwing a check in a manager's face and causing a scene at an Islamorada restaurant before leaving without paying the bill.
ISLAMORADA, Fla. - A Boca Raton man, angry about the price of dining out while vacationing in the Florida Keys, threw the check in a manager's face and caused a scene at the restaurant before leaving without paying the bill, deputies said.
Albert Auer, 51, was arrested Sunday night after the incident at Pierre's Lounge & Restaurant at Morada Bay in Islamorada.
The general manager told Monroe County Sheriff's Office Sgt. Patricia O'Keefe that Auer and their family were having dinner at the restaurant when paramedics were called to treat a family member who had a food allergy.
Paramedics examined the man in the parking lot along with Auer and then left after they appeared to be OK.
Auer and the man went back inside the restaurant to finish their dinner, receiving $105 off the price of the meal for their troubles.
However, that didn't seem to be good enough for Auer, who had been drinking and became upset about the bill.
Sheriff's spokesperson Adam Linhardt said Auer went into the kitchen, threw the checkbook at the manager's face, screamed profanities at the manager and threatened to beat them up.
Linhardt said Auer put down a credit card and dared the manager to pick it up, but the manager declined, fearing the matter would escalate.
After multiple witnesses gave similar accounts about what happened, Auer was found at a resort, arrested and taken to jail. They face charges of fraud and battery.
Copyright 2018 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved.
Automatic Dependent Surveillance – Broadcast (ADS–B) is a surveillance technology in which an aircraft determines its position via satellite navigation and periodically broadcasts it, enabling it to be tracked. The dependence of ADS-B on data from the aircraft's navigation system and its capability to function without a pilot or external input makes it both a dependent & automatic system. As per FAA, aircraft operating in most controlled U.S. airspace must be equipped with ADS-B by 2020. The determinants influencing the market growth of ADS-B are increase in airspace congestion and modernization of air traffic management infrastructure, use of ADS-B for UAVs, development of new airports, and high cost and affordability for small aircraft operators. The ADS-B implementation by various countries worldwide and ADS-B as an economical alternative for TCAS and ACAS are expected to offer growth opportunities in the upcoming years. Contracts and agreements & partnerships are some major strategies adopted by major players operating in the ADS-B market, in order to maintain a foothold.
Automatic Dependent Surveillance Broadcast Market Research Objective
To define the scope and simplify the research study based on fit, type, component, platform, application, and region.
• Estimate the current market size and forecast the same for the period (2017-2024).
• Market share by revenue for each segment and region analyzed.
• To provide insights on the major market dynamics (drivers, restraints & opportunities) and their impact analysis for the forecast period.
• Micro and macro level analysis of the market to elucidate lucrative investment opportunities.
• Porter's five forces analysis to deliver a comprehensive buyer-seller scenario and the state of business environment.
• Identification of the automatic dependent surveillance- broadcast market trends in current scenario and its growth indicators.
• Benchmarking leading vendors in the automatic dependent surveillance- broadcast industry based on their strategic attempts, financial status, and other internal and external parameters.
Request Sample Copy of the Report@www.esticastresearch.com/market-reports/automatic-dependent-surveillance-broadcast-market/request-sample
Automatic Dependent Surveillance Broadcast Market Segmentation
By Fit
Line Fit
• Retrofit
By Type
ADS-B In
• ADS-B Out
• ADS-B Ground Stations
By Component
Antenna
• Receiver
• Transponder
• ADS-B Ground Receivers
• Others
By Platform
Fixed Wing
• Rotary Wing
By Application
Airborne Surveillance
• Terminal Maneuvering Area Surveillance
Automatic Dependent Surveillance Broadcast Market By Region
North America
• Europe
• Asia-Pacific
• Rest of the World
Offered Customization
For this specific report, we offer 20% of free customization in order to deliver a tailored research report that specifically covers areas of client's interest in the automatic dependent surveillance- broadcast market. Following are some most desired customization offers on this report:
Geographical Customization
• Split of the regional market into specific countries as per client's research requirements.
• Further breakdown of the major segments into sub-segments (as per request).
Vendor Profile Customization
• Further exhaustive analysis of additional companies operating in the market as per request.
Distinctive Requirements
• Research report on automatic dependent surveillance- broadcast market covering specific country/region only.
• Requests for data tables only (specific requirement to quantitative research).
Request for Customized Report @www.esticastresearch.com/market-reports/automatic-dependent-surveillance-broadcast-market/request-customise-form
About Esticast Research &Consulting :
Esticast Research & Consulting is a research firm providing research reports on various industries with a unique combination of authenticity, extensive research, and infallibility. We provide syndicated market research reports, customization services, and consulting services to help businesses across the world in achieving their goals and overcoming complex challenges. We specialize in providing 360 degree view of the markets to assist clients in determining new opportunities and develop business strategies for the future with data and statistics on changing market dynamics.
Esticast Research & Consulting has expert analysts and consultants with an ability to work in collaboration with clients to meet their business needs and give opportunities to thrive in a competitive world. A comprehensive analysis of industries ranging from healthcare to consumer goods and ICT to BFSI is provided by covering hundreds of industry segments. The research reports offering market forecasts, market entry strategies, and customer intelligence will help clients across the world in harnessing maximum value on their investment and realize their optimum potential.
Contact
Esticast Research & Consulting
410 State Route 57 East,#206, Washington, NJ 07882
Tel: 1-908-379-7709
Fax: 1-908-379-7709
Email: help@esticastresearch.com
DHARAMSALA, India, March 28 Australia may have surrendered the Border-Gavaskar Trophy to India on Tuesday but skipper Steve Smith is happy with the progress their team have made since their home defeat to South Africa late last year.
Australia were still reeling from their 3-0 whitewash in Sri Lanka when Smith's men were beaten 2-1 by the Proteas, who clinched the series at the second test in Hobart before a revamped home side gained a consolation win at Adelaide Oval.
Many, including former India off-spinner Harbhajan Singh, predicted a repeat of their 2013 whitewash in India as Australia entered the four-match series having lost their previous nine tests in Asia.
Smith's men had other ideas, however, winning the series opener in Pune before slumping to defeat from a strong position in a spiteful Bangalore encounter and eking out a draw in Ranchi to set up a winner-takes-all decider.
They were then in contention after the first two days of a tit-for-tat battle in Dharamsala until a woeful second innings allowed the hosts to pull away for a 2-1 series triumph on Tuesday.
"I think this team has grown so quickly," Smith told reporters after losing the final test by eight wickets.
"We're still a very young side. It was not too long ago that we were at Hobart and it was the end of the world.
"I'm proud of the way we've been able to turn things around and really compete in these conditions. I know coming over here, I said it a few times, we're being written off, we'd lose 4-0 and all that kind of stuff.
"But the way we've been out here competing in each and every test match, it's been great to be part of a fantastic series."
SOLE DEFEAT
The positives notwithstanding, the mood in the dressing room was obviously one of disappointment.
"We fought very hard throughout the series and then to fall over at the final hurdle, it hurts. The boys in the room are hurting," Smith added.
"I think we can take a lot from the way we played, the plans we've had and the way we have done it. Perhaps we just needed to do it for a little bit longer at times and be a little more consistent."
Australia will also take heart from the fact they were the only team to beat India in their 13-test home season and Smith, the leading scorer of the series with 499 runs, led by example.
Paceman Pat Cummins' successful return to test cricket after more than five years in the wilderness, called up when spearhead Mitchell Starc abandoned the tour through injury, was another positive from the series.
The 23-year-old generated considerable pace and bounce in their comeback test in Ranchi and troubled the batsmen on a lively track at Dharamsala.
"I was really impressed with Patty Cummins, the pace they were able to generate, both here and in Ranchi on a relatively slow wicket, was absolutely amazing," the Australia captain said.
"The way they were able to bounce guys out in Ranchi was quite phenomenal. He's obviously going to be a big player for us going forward."
"He's a really exciting prospect and I look forward to seeing them bowl in the future." (Editing by John O'Brien)
When US President Donald Trump and French President Emmanuel Macron emerged from an Oval Office meeting to address government officials and reporters at the White House Tuesday, both men stressed both the historic ties that bind their respective countries but also willingly displayed their personal friendship for the world to see.
The leaders called their meeting "frank and productive" and addressed a number of topics in their initial statements including the fate of the Iran nuclear deal, Syria, trade, immigration and the environment.
What they said
March 28 Pegasus Entertainment Holdings Ltd :
* Agreement has lapsed and ceased to be of any effect and sale of shares as contemplated under agreement will not proceed.
* Refers to the announcement in relation to sale of shares of company by honour grace limited
Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage:
When it comes to visiting places, we all like different landscapes-some like beeches other like deserts-but I'm a mountain lover and my love for snow-capped mountains refuse to die. This time, during New Year's Eve, my love for snow and snowfall crossed all limits and to witness the same, I decided to visit Auli in Chamoli district in Uttarakhand. The place is also known as India's one of the best skiing destinations.Auli, also known as Auli Bugyal, which means "meadow", is located at an elevation of 8,200 ft (2,500 metres) to 10,010 ft (3,050 metres) above sea level.From Delhi, by-road, the journey for snowcovered Auli started at the stroke of midnight. After an eight hour drive, Devprayag was the town where I decided to take a halt. Devprayag is one of the Panch Prayag (five confluences) of Alaknanda River where Alaknanda and Bhagirathi rivers meet and take the name, Ganga.Image: Anurag Kumar-ABP LiveIt was a breathtaking feeling to see the sun coming out from the back of the mountains here with patches of clouds kissing the peaks.Image: Anurag Kumar-ABP LiveImage: Anurag Kumar-ABP LiveAfter spending a night, it was time to head for Auli.From Devaprayag, it took almost six hours to reach Joshimath town in Chamoli district (from where Auli is just 20 km). Joshimath is a launchpad for Auli, if you don't want to go there directly or if you don't want to stay there overnight. Hotels in Joshimath are also comparatively cheaper and in abundance.So many tourists prefer to stay in Joshimath. They enjoy their day in Auli and visit back to Joshimath in evening. (However, I preferred the otherwise)From Joshimath, one can reach Auli in two ways-one by car/taxi or other my ropeway. The later is a much better option. Auli ropeway is a major attraction and offers a majestic view of the Himalayas. Covering a distance of 4km, it is said to be longest in Asia and takes around 22 minutes to reach Auli from Joshimath.WATCH VIDEOBy the time I checked-in in a hotel in Joshimath it was late afternoon.After having food and a quick nap, it was time to explore the town in the evening. It's a small place so there aren't many spots to go. Market and Narasimha temple are the major ones. So the idea was to start with the market and end up in the temple. When Badrinath temple remains closed during winter every year, one idol of Lord Badri is brought to Narsinh temple and worshiped for six months.Image: Anurag Kumar-ABP LiveIt was time to finally witness the snow. I took cable-car (rope-way) and reached Auli to celebrate my New Year's Eve.Image: Anurag Kumar-ABP LiveTrekking in Auli is also a major attraction so how that can be missed. As I reached the place around 11 am so trekking was a good idea to witness even more snow. After a trek of 3.5 km, I was in a paradise called Gurson Bugyal. The feeling can't be converted into writing. For experiencing it, one has to be there.Image: Anurag Kumar-ABP LiveThe pupil of my eye muscles stretched to the full as it was the first time when I was experiencing the snow.Image: ABP Live-Anurag KumarImage: Anurag Kumar-ABP LiveImage: Anurag Kumar-ABP LiveBy the time, trekking was over, it was evening. The day was full of activity so it was a good idea to stay at the hotel and celebrate New Year.After spending New Year night in Auli, coming back to Joshimath was the plan. At the outskirts of Joshimath (25 km), there is a place called Tapovan, know for geothermal geysers, so how that can be missed?Image: Anurag Kumar -ABP LiveImage: Anurag Kumar-ABP LiveWhile returning back from Tapovan, almighty blessed me with snowfall. Cheers!All good things come to an end and so was it.Next day, it was time to wrap up the trip and head back for Delhi.Image: Anurag Kumar
Best mode of travel for Joshimath-Auli: By road
Travelling time: 15 hours (nonstop)
Days required for trip: 5-7 days
Expenditure (depends on your pocket): From Rs 25-40 thousand for couple
Safety level: 5/5
Places to visit in Joshimath-Auli: Tapovan, Narsinh temple, Gurson Bugyal
Activities: Trekking, skiing.
DevOps from a very long time is mitigating the fight between Dev and Ops, aiming to make a strong bond between the two hence the software development process can be as smooth as silk.
We have often seen this thing happening when your organization don't practice DevOps.
When the blame game starts, the top management becomes sick and this makes a huge noise disturbing the other processes of software development and delaying the whole process.
But now, the things have changed, now you can know who did that mistake and remove the mistake there itself, that's the beauty of adapting to CI/CD and automation. Manual things take time and are prone to mistakes whereas a proper CI/CD platform will never make such silly mistakes and hence choosing a proper CI/CD platform is also important.
What is Green DevOps?
Green DevOps is the term we use for doing DevOps the right way. It's not only about practicing DevOps but how well is what matters the most.
Some questions to ask yourself,
> Do your developers have the knowledge about different DevOps tools?
If Yes, then you are on the Greener side
> Do the developers have gone through proper DevOps training?
If Yes, then you are on the Greener side
> Do your developers commit code often to the master/main branch?
If Yes, then you are on the Greener side
Does your organization believe in automation or still manual practices?
If it's Automation, then you are on the Greener side
If your answers are ‘No' for the first three and ‘Manual' for the last one, then you make sure to adjust yourself to see yourself on the greener side of DevOps.
6 C's of Green DevOps
DevOps is not any set of tools, it's a culture that sets you apart and helps to deliver things faster but to practice DevOps, you need to have some set of DevOps tools, willingness to change and the right attitude.
You need to know these 6 C's of DevOps cycle to better understand the process,
1. Continuous Business Planning
This starts with identifying the skills, outcomes, and resources needed.
2. Collaborative Development
This starts with development sketch plan and programming.
3. Continuous Testing
Unit and integration testing help increase the efficiency and speed of the development.
4. Continuous Release and Deployment
A nonstop CD pipeline will help you implement code reviews and developer check-ins easily.
5. Continuous Monitoring
This is needed to monitor changes and address errors and mistakes spontaneously whenever they happen.
6. Customer Feedback and Optimization
This allows for an immediate response from your customers for your product and its features and helps you modify accordingly.
DevOps revolves around Continuous integration, Continuous testing and Continuous deployment and the main aim is to reduce the friction between Dev and Ops to make the software delivery process smooth
C'mon let's discuss, how green is your DevOps?
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge visited Sweden earlier this week, and Kate Middleton added hockey to the long list of sports they have tried over the years.
They stepped up and took an impressive slapshot, scoring against the goalie. Prince William also took a shot, but Kensington Palace only shared the video of Middleton.
The Duchess takes a shot at goal! 🏒#RoyalVisitSweden pic.twitter.com/FNjaZrlU6P — Kensington Palace (@KensingtonRoyal) January 30, 2018
Thank you to everyone for making The Duke and Duchess's first engagement in Stockholm such a memorable one! #RoyalVisitSweden pic.twitter.com/Qd0wZB5I0A — Kensington Palace (@KensingtonRoyal) January 30, 2018
The Duke and Duchess chat to young players on the ice, and hear more about the popularity of bandy in Sweden #RoyalVisitSweden pic.twitter.com/ibJowGmmNO — Kensington Palace (@KensingtonRoyal) January 30, 2018
But this is far from the first time the Duchess has shown off their athletic skills. They played field hockey growing up and proved they can still play a few years ago (and did it in heels).
In recent years, they have also played table tennis and volleyball, and they and Prince William have played cricket as well.
The Duke and Duchess also visited Norway, and they spent time with some of the nation's ski jumpers and children learning to ski.
Their Royal Highnesses join some of Norway's top ski jumpers at the top of the Holmenkollen Ski Jump ⛷ #RoyalVisitNorway pic.twitter.com/iH3MqL2awW — Kensington Palace (@KensingtonRoyal) February 2, 2018
I know we all work in professional environments and probably would not think about even using animation as a means to teach someone about technologies.
However, with Microsoft's Story Labs Explanimators, the Redmond company has started a series of videos that breaks down complex technologies into short explainer videos that will introduce someone to the concept behind these sometimes confusing terms.
The first two subjects they have tackled with Explanimator videos is Artificial Intelligence (AI) and the Internet of Things (IoT).
If you are conducting training on concepts such as these, using one of these short videos to break the ice in your classroom could be very useful and then allow you to expand your lesson plan to break out the various areas of each technology.
Here are video embeds for the first two episodes of Explanimators:
----------
But, wait...there's probably more so be sure to follow me on Twitter and Google+.
----------------------------------
Looking for an awesome, no-nonsense technical conference for IT Pros, Devs, and Devops? Check out IT/Dev Connections!
BBC Match of the Day 2 MOTD2
Sunday 14 August 2017
Mark Chapman introduces highlights from Newcastle v Tottenham and Manchester United v West Ham, plus all of the goals from the opening weekend's other games.
Watch video!
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan's narrow victory in a referendum to strengthen their powers is likely to swiftly test their already worsening relations with the European Union.
Erdoğan said on Monday that Turkey could hold another referendum on its long-stalled EU membership bid — and a further plebiscite on re-introducing the death penalty, a red line for the bloc that would exclude Ankara's candidacy.
Sunday's referendum on expanding Erdoğan's powers came almost exactly 30 years after Turkey formally applied — April 14, 1987 — to join the EU.
Esra Ozyurek, an associate professor at the European Institute of the London School of Economics, said the fact that Erdoğan had spoken so swiftly on the death penalty was an important indication.
“If they think that their anti-European language gains them votes, and nationalism definitely increases their vote, they may go with it,” they said, noting Erdoğan said such a step was “the first thing” he'd do next.
The Turkish strongman, however, did not get the unanimous outcome on Sunday that they had sought — a slim majority of 51.41 percent voted to hand them boosted powers.
The vast majority of the constitutional reforms will follow a presidential election in 2019.
Ibrahim Dogus, founder and director of the Centre for Turkey Studies think-tank in London, said if Erdoğan is to galvanise their supporters “he has to go harder and harder… on issues like the death penalty.”
The referendum campaign was marked by virulent Erdoğan invective against the EU and its leading states, accusing Germany of behaving like Nazis by banning numerous rallies by their ministers hoping to whip up the ‘Yes' vote among expatriate Turks.
– End of the dream? –
Marc Pierini, a visiting scholar at Carnegie Europe focused on Turkey and the Middle East, said bringing back the death penalty would allow Erdoğan to pin the blame on the EU for the end of the membership bid.
“Bringing back the death penalty would have two objectives: putting an end to any internal disagreement, and triggering a formal halt by the EU — and not by Turkey — of the accession negotiations,” Pierini said.
Germany and France have both warned Turkey about the broad consequences of reinstating the death penalty, which was abolished in 2004.
German Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel said that if Ankara were to bring back capital punishment, the move would be “synonymous with the end of the European dream” and mark the end of decades of talks to enter the EU.
– ‘Even more difficult' –
The referendum result and Turkey's difficult relations with the EU mean the two are “on a collision course”, according to Amanda Paul, a Turkey specialist at the European Policy Centre in Brussels.
“I don't think it's going to make them more cautious vis-a-vis the EU, particularly because the result was so narrow,” they said of Erdoğan.
“We'll probably continue to see what we've been seeing for the past few months, a pretty anti-EU narrative, he's not going to change this.”
Although the accession progress “has been dead for a long time”, officially drawing it to a close would have longer-lasting implications domestically and abroad.
“They're going to be caught in an even more difficult situation now because clearly the nearly 50 percent of Turks that voted ‘no' will be expecting the EU to continue to engage with Turkey, not to close the door on Turkey,” Paul said.
“But I'm guessing a number of member states and possibly the European Parliament will be pushing for an official freezing of the accession process.
“I personally believe that a relationship between Turkey and the EU that is just based on economy and trade will be a significant blow to Turkish democrats and those that support reform and the modernisation of the country,” they added.
“It's certainly not going to do them any favours. Furthermore if the EU continues to turn a blind eye to the democratic deficits in Turkey, what does it say about the EU as a value based actor?”
The most intransigent Europeans, such as Austrian Foreign Minister Sebastian Kurz, have already called for an end to accession negotiations.
The post Erdoğan's narrow win will quickly test EU relationship appeared first on Vanguard News.
WASHINGTON: The US Senate voted overwhelmingly Wednesday to punish Russia over its alleged election meddling, passing a bill that would bar President Donald Trump from unilaterally easing existing sanctions on Moscow.
The vote at a time of high tension in Washington over the Russia scandal was 97-2.
The proposal was included in an amendment that must still win definitive approval from the Senate and from the House of Representatives. It would make congressional approval necessary if Trump seeks to suspend or ease sanctions imposed on Russia over its apparent cyberattacks during the 2016 US election campaign.
This new bill would also give sanctions imposed by then president Barack Obama via an executive order the full force of law. The sanctions target the Russian energy industry in particular.
The legislation would impose new sanctions against “corrupt Russian actors,” “those involved in serious human rights abuses”, Russians providing arms to Syrian President Bashar al-Assad's regime or those engaged in cyberattacks on behalf of the government.
Russia's interventions in Ukraine and Crimea and its support of Assad in the Syrian war are the other stated reasons for the sanctions, aside from the hacking that US intelligence agencies say Russia engaged in aggressively with the alleged aim of helping Trump beat Hillary Clinton last November.
These sanctions have been added to a bill — under debate and almost certain to win passage — aimed at toughening sanctions against Iran for what the bill calls its support of international terrorist acts.
“For too long, the message to Vladimir Putin has been that Russia can invade its neighbors, threaten US allies, intensify its cyberattacks, and interfere with foreign elections with very little repercussion,” said Senator John McCain, a strident critic of the Russian leader.
“Unless and until Russia pays a price for its actions, these destabilizing activities will continue,” they added.
Several more votes on the bill are scheduled in the Senate in the coming days before it can go to the House of Representatives. AFP
AFP/CC
ST. MORITZ, Switzerland (AP) " Stop worrying, downhill racers. The 2018 Olympic course will be faster than you think.
The new track in South Korea has been criticized " at a men's test race last year and at the world championships this week " as being too slow with too many twists and turns.
Not so fast, veteran Olympic course designer Bernhard Russi told The Associated Press.
"It was on purpose to do it like this," Russi said of last February's World Cup downhill where race winner Kjetil Jansrud of Norway peaked at 113.7 kph (70.6 mph).
If that sounds fast, 2014 Olympic champion Matthias Mayer hit close to 135 kph (84 mph) on Russi's design in the mountains above Sochi. A record speed of 161 kph (100 mph) in World Cup downhills was set by Johan Clarey of France in Wengen, Switzerland, in 2013.
"When you go the first time in a new downhill you start from the slow side. You don't want to kill the guys," said Russi, the 1972 Olympic champion and silver medalist behind Austrian great Franz Klammer four years later.
The Swiss veteran is skiing's master architect, and always planned to learn from last year's debut race and a scheduled women's World Cup downhill on the same wide course next month.
"Now we know how much faster we can go, and we will. And the jumps will be longer," Russi said of a men's course that launches them airborne four times.
The main Olympic critic one year ago was Christof Innerhofer of Italy, the 2014 silver medalist, who called the course in Jeongseon "slow motion."
In St. Moritz, it was world championship downhill silver medalist Erik Guay of Canada who wished for a faster, tougher test at the Pyeongchang Olympics.
Continued below.
Related Content KiwiSaver worth more than $36 billion Your views: Readers letters' Editorial: Muslim ban arbitrary and foolish
Guay said the test race had too many slowing turns, and was similar to a super-G " a pointed remark from the 35-year-old Canadian who is the new world champion in that discipline.
"I hope that they set it a little differently," Guay said of the Olympic course. "I think that they should make it flow a little bit better. But the slope itself is great."
The men and women share the Olympic hill, but not exactly the same terrain. Russi said there is time to adapt both before the Olympics. The women will compete in World Cup downhill and super-G races on March 4-5.
"Basically the character will remain the same (as the men's)," Russi said of the women's downhill track. "Maybe the turns will be a little bit tighter. Maybe one, two, three, four more turns. Maybe the jumps a little less big, less long. Perfect for ladies."
Other factors could also change Olympic race-day conditions, such as snow quality and humidity in a mountain region only 40 kilometers (25 miles) inland.
"If the weather is good I think (the snow) is going to be rather on the hard side, on the icy side," Russi said. "Everything is on track."
Google released new machine types on Thursday to provide more resources for compute and memory intensive applications on its cloud platform.
The machine types have up to 96 vCPUs and 624 GB of memory, which Google said is a 50 percent increase in compute resources per Google Compute Engine VM.
Running on Intel Skylake processors, Google said these machine types – which come in three predefined flavors – offer the most vCPUs of any cloud provider on the chipset. Google became the first major cloud provider to start offering virtual machine instances using Skylake processors in May. While Amazon announced a set of Skylake-powered instances for AWS EC2 last year, they are behind schedule on bringing them to market.
The 96-core machines are available in beta in four Google Cloud Platform (GCP) regions: Central US, West US, West Europe, and East Asia.
Google said that the new 624GB Skylake instances are certified for SAP HANA scale-up deployments.
The predefined machine types are Standard, which offers 96 vCPUs and 360 GB of memory; High-CPU with 96 vCPUs and 86.4 GB of memory; and High-Memory with 96 vCPUs and 624 GB of memory.
Users can also create their own custom machine types that can scale up to 96 vCPUs and 624GB of memory, and only pay for what they use.
It was a slightly warmer morning for most of the country today, with the lowest temperature being felt in Masterton with -3C.
Taupō also had a chilly start with -0.6C, and Christchurch fell just below zero, but most other areas stayed above freezing.
Wellington's low was 3.5C, while Dunedin started off at a amicable 6.7C, and Auckland stayed at a comfortable 10C.
However, MetService meteorologist Andrew James said a frontal system approaching from the west would bring wet weather to western areas of the South Island today.
Advertisement
The North Island is looking mostly fine, with some cloudy areas and some showers for the Gisborne area, they said.
The wet 🌧️🌧️🌧️
All of New Zealand's main centres, aside from Dunedin, have experienced more wet days than normal from January-June 2018.
Auckland has led the way with 78 wet days so far (the normal amount is 61). Hamilton is close behind at 70. pic.twitter.com/MK5DQwDZ8s — NIWA Weather (@NiwaWeather) July 4, 2018
On Friday and Saturday, the rain will settle in with the chance of warning criteria in Fiordland, southern Westland and the headwaters of the Canterbury and Otago lakes and rivers.
In addition, severe gale northwesterlies may affect exposed parts of Fiordland, Southland and Otago on Friday, and the Canterbury High Country on Saturday.
The wet weather in the South Island will also spread north tomorrow, affecting western areas south of Taranaki, James said.
Through the weekend there will be a worsening trend for the North Island, with showers turning heavy in western parts.
Today's forecast
Whangārei:
Cloudy periods. Light winds. High 14C / Low 6C.
Auckland: Cloudy periods. Light winds. High 14C / Low 5C.
Tauranga: Fine with light winds. High 14C / Low 3C.
Hamilton: Fine, apart from morning frosts and fog. Light winds. High 13C / Low 0C.
New Plymouth: Fine with some high cloud and light winds. High 13C / Low 4C.
Napier: Cloudy periods. Light winds. High 13C / Low 0C.
Wellington: Fine, some morning cloud. Northerlies developing evening. High 12C / Low 7C.
Nelson: Fine with high cloud and morning frosts. Light winds. High 13C / Low 2C.
Christchurch: Early frosts and cloudy periods - low cloud morning and high cloud from afternoon. Northerlies developing morning. High 10C / Low 2C.
Dunedin: Morning cloud and chance shower, then fine with high cloud. Northeast turning northwest evening. High 11C / Low 8C.
The same day that a gunman shot House Majority Whip Steve Scalise (R-La.) during a Republican baseball practice, a GOP member of congress from New York received an ominous email with the subject line, “One down, 216 to go…”
Gunman James T. Hodgkinson opened fire on the group of lawmakers and staffers gathering at a baseball field in Alexandria, Virginia, early Wednesday morning while practicing for the bipartisan Congressional Baseball Game for Charity, set for Thursday. Scalise was critically injured during the fray, and two Capitol Police officers and a congressional staffer were also injured.
Beginning in September and running up through November 10th, the first day of the regular season, College Basketball Talk will be unveiling the 2017-2018 NBCSports.com college hoops preview package.
Today, we are previewing the CAA.
The CAA has been UNC Wilmington‘s league over the course of the last three seasons, as Kevin Keatts built the Seahawks into a powerhouse. They won a share of the league's regular season title in their first two seasons on campus before winning the outright league title this past year. Throw in two straight NCAA tournament appearances – where the Seahawks gave both Duke and Virginia a run for their money in the opening round – and it's no surprise that Keatts landed themselves a job in the ACC.
It also should come as no surprise that UNCW looks like they will take a bit of a step back in C.B. McGrath's first season at the helm. Chris Flemmings, the Player of the Year in 2016, and C.J. Bryce, the Player of the Year in 2017, both left the program, Flemmings to graduation and Bryce to N.C. State along with Keatts. With two other starts gone along with the man who built the roster to fit their style of play, McGrath is going to have their work cut out for them this year.
What that means is that the top of the CAA is going to be wide open this year, and on paper it seems as if two teams are in the driver's seat to take over the title of ‘CAA's Best'.
The obvious pick is College of Charleston, who finished last season just a game off of UNCW's pace. The Cougars return essentially everyone from last year's team, including the best one-two punch in the conference in Joe Chealey and Jarrell Brantley. Throw in rising sophomore Grant Riller, who was one of the best newcomers in the league a season ago, and Earl Grant's club as plenty of firepower to go along with being the league's best defensive team last year, according to KenPom.
I firmly expect Elon to be in the mix for the CAA title as well. Like Charleston, the Phoenix essentially bring back their entire roster, led by junior forward Tyler Seibring. The difference, however, is that Charleston simply has more firepower. Seibring could end up being the CAA Player of the Year if they can lead this group to a league title. Charleston has two players that could end up being the league POY and a third that is a sleeper to finish as a first-team all-conference player.
If there is a sleeper to win the league, it's probably Towson. The Tigers bring back Mike Morsell and DeShaun Morman, but replacing Arnaud William Adala Moro and John Davis is going to be a difficult thing to do. Beyond that, the CAA is tough to project. Northeastern lost T.J. Williams, who came out of nowhere to be arguably the best player in the conference last season, but they return a number of veteran players, get some guys back from injury and add Tomas Murphy, the youngest brother of Alex and Erik.
Hofstra brings back the league's best scorer (Justin Wright-Foreman) and best rebounder (Rokas Gustys), and Delaware has some young talent on the roster, led by last year's Freshman of the Year Ryan Daly, but then the rest of the league gets pretty ugly. William & Mary is going into full rebuilding mode with Omar Prewitt and Daniel Dixon gone. Drexel still is in full rebuild mode, while James Madison loses just about everyone not named Jackson Kent or Ramone Snowden.
PRESEASON CAA PLAYER OF THE YEAR: Joe Chealey, Charleston
Chealey was the best player for the Cougars a season ago, and that isn't going to change this season. A senior point guard on a team that returns, essentially, everyone from a group that finished second in the CAA a year ago, Chealey is the easy pick for Preseason Player of the Year.
THE REST OF THE PRESEASON ALL-CAA TEAM
Justin Wright-Foreman, Hofstra : Wright-Foreman should end up leading the CAA in scoring this season. The Pride should end up being better than they were a year ago with the amount of talent that is returning.
: Wright-Foreman should end up leading the CAA in scoring this season. The Pride should end up being better than they were a year ago with the amount of talent that is returning. Tyler Seibring, Elon : The Phoenix return all five starters, but the most notable is Seibring, a 6-foot-8 junior who will likely end up being the CAA Player of the Year if Elon can find a way to win the league.
: The Phoenix return all five starters, but the most notable is Seibring, a 6-foot-8 junior who will likely end up being the CAA Player of the Year if Elon can find a way to win the league. Devontae Cacok, UNCW : UNCW lost a ton this offseason but they did return Cacok, who is one of the most dominant interior presences in the mid-major ranks. He'll be asked to do a lot more this season.
: UNCW lost a ton this offseason but they did return Cacok, who is one of the most dominant interior presences in the mid-major ranks. He'll be asked to do a lot more this season. Jarrell Brantley, Charleston: Brantley was a first-team all-CAA player last season and he'll be back, which is a major reason why the Cougars seem to be the favorite to win the CAA this year.
PREDICTED FINISH
1. Charleston
2. Elon
3. Towson
4. UNCW
5. Hofstra
6. Northeastern
7. Delaware
8. William & Mary
9. James Madison
10. Drexel
- Boxing legend Evander Holyfield was backstage for tonight's WWE SmackDown in Louisville, KY. The Real Deal talks to Dasha Fuentes about being a fan and more in this backstage video.
- The dark match before tonight's SmackDown at the KFC Yum! Center in Louisville saw The New Day defeat The Bar when Kofi Kingston pinned Cesaro. The Bar has yet to make their in-ring TV debuts since coming to SmackDown in the Superstar Shakeup but they did appear in a backstage segment with The New Day on this week's show. They claimed this would be their last blue brand appearance as they are looking to win the vacant RAW Tag Team Titles by defeating Matt Hardy and Bray Wyatt at Friday's Greatest Royal Rumble event in Saudi Arabia.
- As noted, WWE Hall of Famer Edge spent some time at the WWE Performance Center in Orlando today. The Rated R Superstar tweeted the following on the WWE NXT Superstars and the future of the company:
Strangely enough Chris Froome hasn't yet blocked me on Twitter so I was free to follow their feeds during the week. There, on top of some pretty video footage of them training flat out in South Africa, Froome described as “completely untrue” a report that Team Sky were looking to negotiate a reduced ban following their positive test for salbutamol during last year's Vuelta a España.
Fake news, or alternative facts – depending on how you interpret these things.
The report appeared in that old stable of Italian newspapers Corriere Della Sera, which claimed Froome was ready to admit negligence in the case, and that their wife Michelle had hired a mediator to negotiate a reduced ban with the Union Cycliste Internationale.
Completely untrue, depending on who exactly you believe.
Froome wasn't so quick to deny a report last month in the French newspaper L'Equipe which claimed Team Sky were considering a legal defence to explain their positive test for salbutamol was the result of some sort of kidney failure.
According to L'Equipe, Sky's lawyers will argue that Froome's kidney's malfunctioned during stage 18 of the Vuelta, back on September 7th, retaining all the salbutamol he'd inhaled as part of their asthma medication, then releasing it all in one go – thus explaining why their urine contained twice the allowed amount. That by the way is set at 1,000 ng/ml; Froome, give or take a bit for generalisation, had 2000 ng/ml in their urine after stage 18. On the stage before, and the stage after, their levels were grand.
Now you don't need an Ivy League degree in biology to understand that kidneys don't normally malfunction like that – especially not a professional cyclist riding for the self-proclaimed cleanest and best medicated team in the peloton.
Kidney excuse
This malfunctioning kidney excuse is entirely fitting with the vast majority of positives tests in cycling in recent years – including the “vanishing twin” (Tyler Hamilton), the “pigeon pie” (Adri van der Poel), the “poppy seed muffin” (Alexi Grewal), the “too much whiskey” (Floyd Landis) and the “EPO-stained handlebar tape” (okay, I made up that one).
One consistency in these excuses is they all turned out to be both fake news and alternative facts. Froome may well come up with some elaborate theory as to why their kidneys malfunctioned on that particular stage, possibly even overriding the most likely reason of all: that they took an oral dose of salbutamol, banned under the Wada code.
What is certain is that neither Sky's lawyers (paid by the hour remember) nor Froome themselves are in any rush to conclude this case. Because salbutamol is a specified substance, permitted under certain threshold levels and also with a Therapeutic Use Exemption, it doesn't result in any provisional suspension, but is all pending on the outcome of the case.
Compare this, by the way, to Irish amateur boxer Michael O'Reilly – still in suspended limbo over a year and a half after their positive doping test at the Rio Olympics. At this rate, that might well drag on to Tokyo 2020.
Froome has reportedly agreed a €1.4 million appearance fee to ride the Giro d'Italia in May, before looking to win their fifth Tour de France in six years. It's actually in their best interest to drag on this case as long as possible, so that even if they are eventually suspended, it will have minimum impact of their earnings. All of which adds to the already sad and dispiriting message: what's a positive doping test these days when you can easily talk or else lie your way out of it?
The latter has to be the case for the 28 Russian Winter Olympians who this week had their life bans overturned by the Court of Arbitration for Sport (Cas). Originally found guilty of doping offences at Sochi 2014, on the back of that shocking testimony of Grigory Rodchenkov, the former head of Moscow's anti-doping lab, and reinforced by pages of documents and other whistleblowers, this should have been black and white, given the entire Russian federation were also originally banned from Pyeongchang, where the 2018 Winter Olympics get under way next Friday.
Dismissed
They didn't even bother with an excuse – simply claimed there wasn't sufficient evidence to ban them individually. Someone is obviously not telling the truth, and therein lies part of the problem.
Worse still when it comes to the excuses, sex typically works as well as any lies. Just last week, US sprinter Gil Roberts, who won 4x400m relay gold in Rio, had their potential four-year ban dismissed by Cas after they claimed their positive test for the banned masking agent probenecid was the result of kissing their girlfriend, who at the time was taking sinus medication.
Testifying at Roberts's arbitration hearing was Dr Pascal Kintz, a professor at the University of Strasbourg, who also figured into the first precedent-setting kissing case: in 2009, French tennis player Richard Gasquet was also cleared of a positive test for cocaine after convincing an ITF anti-doping tribunal he'd ingested it while kissing a woman in a Miami nightclub the night before.
Setting the trend here was US sprinter Dennis Mitchell, who back in 1998 tested positive for testosterone, their defence being they drank five bottles of beer and had sex with their wife at least four times. That excuse was accepted by US Track and Field, though the IAAF banned them for two years.
It's clearly still worth a go: Canada's 2015 World pole vault champion Shawn Barber was also cleared to compete in Rio despite testing positive for cocaine at the Canadian trials, claiming it was “inadvertently ingested” during a sexual encounter with a woman they met via an online personals site. Barber by the way has since come out as gay.
China's ceremonial legislature on Monday approved new appointments to the posts of vice premier, defense minister and governor of the country's central bank.
The confirmations, which follow President Xi Jinping's reappointment on Saturday, set the tone for Beijing's plans to reform its economy and modernize its military in Xi's second term.
Read more: China's Congress reappoints Premier Li Keqiang and names new anti-graft watchdog
Liu  They are a close confidant of President Xi Jinping
The newly-filled positions:
Liu He, Xi's economic adviser, was elected to take over one of China's four vice premier posts, where they are expected to oversee Xi's economic reform efforts.
Yi Gang, a deputy of the People's Bank of China (PBOC), was elected to take over as the bank's governor. Yi, who received their PhD in the United States, replaces veteran Governor Zhou Xiaochuan.
Liu Kun, head of the parliament's budget office, was elected to replace Xiao Jie as finance minister.
They Lifeng was re-elected as head of the National Development and Reform Commission (NDRC), China's economic planning agency.
Zhong Shan was re-elected as commerce minister.
Lt. Gen. Wei Fenghe was elected as defense minister.
Wang Yi was re-elected as foreign minister.
Why the economic appointments matter: Xi's government faces a rising national debt pile, trade tensions with the US and the EU, and slower economic growth. Beijing has vowed to get its debt under control to mitigate financial risks to the Chinese economy. Liu is expected to be at the forefront of those efforts.
Read more: Germany, China to work on steel overcapacity via G20
Watch video 01:15 Share China: the cost of debt-fueled growth Send Facebook Google+ Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Permalink http://p.dw.com/p/2mAFm China: the cost of debt-fueled growth
Modernizing the military: Wei is set to oversee China's military modernization and be the face of the armed forces in meetings with foreign counterparts. Xi nevertheless outranks Wei as chairperson of the Central Military Commission.
Read more: China boosts defense spending for 2018
More of the same: Yi's appointment as head of the central bank appears to be a vote for continuity in PBOC policies under Zhou, their predecessor and mentor. Their powers, however, are relatively limited. The PBOC, in contrast to central banks in other countries, carries out monetary policy set by another state agency, the identity of whose members are secret.
Read more: Donald Trump eyes massive tariffs on China tech sector
Watch video 01:10 Share China displays its military might Send Facebook Google+ Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Permalink http://p.dw.com/p/2hOsV China displays its military might
amp/rt (AP, Reuters)
Every evening at 1830 UTC, DW's editors send out a selection of the day's hard news and quality feature journalism. You can sign up to receive it directly here.
New U.S. funds would mimic ADRs but cut currency risk -filing
NEW YORK, June 14 An investment company is planning to offer a novel kind of fund that would offer U.S. investors direct access to foreign stocks, while tamping down the risk of currency declines, regulatory filings showed on Wednesday.
A Brazilian woman has been sentenced to eight years imprisonment after trying to smuggle $3.2 million worth of cocaine into New Zealand, in the Manukau District Court today.
A suitcase with fake bottoms lined with cocaine was attempted to be smuggled into New Zealand. Source: Supplied
Evelin Stemposki, 29, flew from Brazil via Chile, and arrived at Auckland Airport on April 2.
They told Customs they were starting a language course, but baggage x-rays discovered 4.6 kilograms of cocaine in false bottoms in their suitcases.
NZ Customs found cocaine hidden in false bottoms of this suitcase. Source: Supplied
Customs Investigations manager Bruce Berry said despite their elaborate cover-up story, the uncovering of drugs reflected the "vigilance and hard work" of the Custom officers who were involved in the screening.
Your news how you want it.
On the go and no time to finish that story right now? Your News is the place for you to save content to read later from any device. Register with us and content you save will appear here so you can access them to read later.
Columbia sets sights on developing agriculture park
COLUMBIA – A new type of park could come to Columbia in the near future.
The Columbia City Council will hold a public hearing and vote on the first phase of improvements for Clary-Shy Community Park on Monday evening. Improvements would include a pavilion for the Columbia Farmers Market, an urban garden and an outdoor classroom that would transform Clary-Shy into an agriculture park.
The proposal is a collaborative effort between Columbia Parks and Recreation, Sustainable Farms and Communities, Columbia Farmers Market and the Columbia Center for Urban Agriculture.
Park services manager Gabe Huffington said the partnership sparked the idea for an agriculture park, which they worked on for over a year.
“It was kind of a natural fit in terms of what was there, the history of that in terms of being the Boone County Fairgrounds at one time,” Huffington said. “It's always had that agriculture theme, and so we are just going to work on kind of bringing that back in terms of what we put in the park.”
The Columbia Center for Urban Agriculture would assist the city in running the urban garden and growing fruits and vegetables year-round.
“All the food that's grown there is going to be donated to local food pantries, and so as we're teaching people how to grow food, we're also going to be helping other people in our community,” executive director Billy Polansky said.
Polansky said the central location of the park and its existing amenities in the Columbia Farmers Market and the Activity and Recreation Center will help draw people to this new concept.
“It's going to bring in people for many different reasons and just sort of reinforce those healthy eating habits and active lifestyle and local foods, supporting local agriculture,” Polansky said.
The farmers market pavilion will stretch half of the vacant lot it currently occupies, eventually stretching the full length after all phases of construction are complete. The city will look to utilize the structure when it is not utilized by the farmers market.
“Through the first phase, our hope is that when people come to the market, or they visit Clary-Shy Community Park, they'll really start to get a feel for what our long-term goal is in terms of the size of our facility,” Huffington said.
The Columbia Center for Urban Agriculture has around $665,000 in pledges to be distributed over 10 years, most weighted in the first two years of construction. The pledges will pay off the nearly $575,000 the city will use from its designated loan fund on the project.
The Curators of the University of Missouri pledged $495,000 on behalf of MU Health Care to sponsor the planned pavilion.
Columbia Parks and Recreation received a $400,000 Outdoor Recreation Legacy Partnership grant from the U.S. Department of the Interior and National Park Service, which the department will request from the city council at a later date.
If approved, construction will start in spring 2018 with an estimated completion date of fall 2019.
The suspect in the Toronto van attack that killed 10 people and injured 15 others on Monday is a 25-year-old man named Alek Minassian
Police secure an area around a covered body in Toronto after a van mounted a sidewalk crashing into a number of pedestrians on Monday, April 23, 2018. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Nathan Denette
A man accused of driving a van into pedestrians along a stretch of a busy Toronto streethas been charged with 10 counts of first-degree murder.
Alek Minassian, of Richmond Hill, Ont., is also facing 13 counts of attempted murder.
The 25-year-old appeared in a packed Toronto courtroom this morning clad in a white jumpsuit and only spoke their name during the brief hearing.
Police arrested Minassian less than half an hour after the incident, which took place at 1:30 p.m. on Monday.
Authorities say 10 people died and another 15 were injured as a result of the attack.
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau says that while the investigation into the attack is still underway, there is no evidence to suggest it was related to terrorism.
Related: Trudeau calls van attack ‘horrific and senseless'
Related: Officer's actions ‘one shining moment' after Toronto van attack
Related: Trump: ‘Our hearts are with the grieving families in Canada'
The Canadian Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The majority of Aston Villa fans do NOT want the club to sign John Terry.
Villa is one of a host of clubs reportedly competing for the 36-year-old's signature.
West Brom and Birmingham City are also thought to be interested in tempting the ex-Chelsea defender to the West Midlands.
However, the issue has split commentators and supporters alike - even in the Birmingham Mail's office.
Villa writer Gregg Evans was emphatically in favour: “For me it's a no-brainer,” they said.
“If he's available and the money is there - get them in. I mean, what other centre-half will ever arrive at Aston Villa with a better CV than John Terry?”
But colleague Steve Wollaston was of the opposite view: “Do not sign John Terry,” Steve wrote.
“That would be my advice to anyone in the corridors of power at Aston Villa. They just can't be what Aston Villa need.”
And in our poll Villa fans voted 60-40 against signing the veteran.
poll loading Should Aston Villa sign John Terry? 0+ VOTES SO FAR Yes No
Here are your thoughts on the topic.
AV1: “I'm not sure their ability is in decline, but they have seemed to pick up a few knocks over the last couple of seasons.
“The worry for whoever signs them is they are paying huge wages to a player, who is most likely to miss a fair few games through injury.
“We've already got Gabby & Richards taking over £65k a week and spending most of the season on the treatment table.”
Scorpion32: “Torn on this one but thankfully it's doubtful anyway, ha.”
Oldburyite: “Bit of a dilemma really. Their wage demands are one thing, but if they want a lengthy contract as well as, I reckon that would be one big stumbling block.
“If they came at the right price wage wise, on a one year contract with an option in favour of the club for another, then I would say yes, but I doubt that would ever materialise.”
Grahamhs: “At 36 their legs are not up to the hustle and bustle of the championship.”
Stephen Reg Cave: “I remember when we signed Lescott how we were all in a spin look how that turned out
Graham Hill: “Don't agree. He's a winner and would be great to have around.”
Ian Danton: “A coaching/player position maybe... he's worked with top quality managers/coaches/players and that experience could be useful.”
Dean Millington: “He ain't no Paul McGrath.”
Skipper Dylan Hartley has published a defiant message on social media after it was announced they will miss Saints' final two matches of the season and England's tour of South Africa due to concussion.
Hartley has not played since the final game of the NatWest 6 Nations, against Ireland on March 17, and on Monday, Saints revealed that they are to take an extended break.
The 32-year-old, who has sustained two previous significant concussions, has been stood down until pre-season for the 2018/19 campaign, meaning they will sit out the clashes with Wasps and Worcester as well as England's June series against the Springboks.
It appears that Hartley, who has captained England in all-but one Test under Eddie Jones, has taken exception to coverage of the news.
The hooker has released on Instagram a post titled “Dylan Hartley statement on Dylan Hartley” beside a photo of them singing the national anthem.
“Believe it or not this is a photo of me singing and not what is rumoured to be a fat lady (difficult to tell apart I know),” said Hartley, who has not played for Saints since the January 20 defeat at Saracens.
“I see there are a lot of so-called experts out there in newspapers, pubs and podcasts recommending what I do with my career.
“Funnily enough I'm only listening to the medical professionals and myself.
“Fortunately/unfortunately for some I'll be back next season to help my respective teams push on. Thank you for your support.”
Former President Goodluck Jonathan on Saturday in Abuja announced that the Peoples Democratic Party had returned from limbo and would reclaim power in 2019.
Jonathan asserted this in their address at the party's a special national convention read the full speech
It is my honour and privilege to address you on this auspicious occasion of the non-elective convention of our great party, the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP).
2. Let me start by paying tributes to the founding fathers of our great party and all others who had laboured so hard over these past months to restore peace and tranquillity in our party. The PDP like every successful human organization has gone through a momentous time in the last one and half years.
3. As a party that heralded Nigeria's return to democracy in 1999, the PDP had become so accustomed to success in its 16 years in power that the first time our fortunes changed at the polls, it was obvious that the party would suffer the aftershocks of the loss. It was in deed a most trying period for us as a political party.
4. However, it is not an experience that is peculiar to us. This is because all over the world, any party that loses election at the centre as we did will, first of all, struggle to hold together, before regaining its composure to effectively present the strong voice of the opposition, and resume the contestation to return to office.
5. But we thank God that the worst is over for our party. It is to their grace that we were able to emerge from this unsavoury experience, from which some political parties in other emerging democracies hardly recover, to become even stronger, within a short period of time.
6. The PDP is in deed back to reclaim its prime position as the party to lead Nigeria to greatness. As a human institution, we cannot claim perfection, but obviously as a political party, our accomplishments as at 2015, far outweigh our shortfalls.
7. Our giant developmental strides are there for all Nigerians to see. There is ample evidence to demonstrate that PDP has indeed proved to be a party of vision and accomplishments.
8. As I said when I addressed our members in April during the stakeholders' forum which I convened; the 2011, 2015 general elections and other polls conducted by our administration were accepted globally to have met the international standards for free, fair and transparent elections. There is no gainsaying the fact that our disposition in freely handing over power to the opposition, after the 2015 polls, helped to deepen our democracy and project our country as one of the world's stable democracies.
9. This wouldn't have been possible if our Government did not reform the electoral and political process, by giving the independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) the autonomy it requires, to enable it to conduct free and fair elections.
10. On the economic front, we provided focused leadership, through institutional and sectoral reforms which impacted positively on the fundamentals for growth, especially in the last four years of our time in power. The effect was that we tamed inflation at a single digit, maintained price stability, grew the economy to become the largest in Africa with a GDP of over half a trillion US dollars, and the number one foreign direct investment destination on the continent.
11. I learnt that some people said that if PDP had remained in power beyond 2015, the economy would have performed worse. This couldn't have been the case, because we had a sound economic team in place, managing the economy. Let us not forget that the great floods of 2012 was a major calamity that damaged homes and farmlands on the plains of River Niger and Benue. But despite the devastating effect of this natural disaster, there were no food shortages or arbitrary increase in prices, because of what we were able to accomplish with our Agriculture Transformation Agenda, which considerably boosted food production.
12. If we say that we rekindled hope in our people and regained international goodwill, it is because we pursued a number of policies and programmes that were not only richly rewarding for our people, but were also being copied by many countries across the globe, a few of which I will mention here.
13. We can all recall that our agricultural transformation agenda rapidly transformed key agricultural value chains, boosted local production, and created a new generation of young commercial farmers and agriculture entrepreneurs we proudly identified as Nagropreneurs. One very remarkable achievements of the reform we introduced was that it ended decades of fertiliser sector corruption through electronic wallet system. Since then, its success has continued to resonate outside our shores. The programme is not only being scaled up by the African Development Bank but is already being replicated in close to 20 African countries.
14. In fact, three days ago, my attention was drawn to The Guardian newspaper publication about a contract that has just been awarded to a Nigerian IT solutions firm, Cellulant, to export the e-wallet system which we conceived, to Afghanistan. This is in deed, a good development for our country.
15. I understand that the Ministry of Agriculture, Irrigation and Livestock in Afghanistan, which contracted them in their bid to establish a market-based input distribution technology, might have been inspired by our own experience, in successfully deploying the e-wallet technology to increase food production.
16. In the same vein, Our Youth Enterprises with Innovation (YouWin) designed to turn thousands of youths into entrepreneurs and employers of labour, has been endorsed by the World Bank for replication in
other developing countries.
17. The ECOWAS Commission has since expressed interest in partnering with Nigeria with a view to establishing an automotive policy for the subregion, in line with our administration's auto industry development policy, which led to the establishment of many vehicle assembly plants, including indigenous companies.
18. Our approach to fighting corruption may not have plugged all the leaks in the system; in fact, no nation has ever been successful in eradicating the cankerworm of corruption.
19. But we went about it in a sustainable and measurable manner, by, among other measures, creating institutional tools like bank verification number (BVN), the treasury single account (TSA) designed to block leakages, as well as the Integrated Payroll and Personnel Information (IPPIS), which eliminated tens of thousands of ghost workers, during our time.
20. I have just pointed out these few programmes, out of our other numerous great achievements in such sectors as roads infrastructure, rail services, communications, public financial management and social services, for you to know that our records, as members of Nigeria's biggest party, still speak for us and we should be proud of them.
21. We should always celebrate the fact that the PDP introduced key policies that improved governance, enhanced welfare, boosted and stabilized the economy of our great country, and above all, gave our people hope.
22. In closing, I wish to remind all of us that as politicians, we are bound to have differences. It is important we manage our differences responsibly, with an eye on the divine role of the PDP to lead Nigeria to greatness. Let us rededicate ourselves to playing by the rules.
23. Let us all ensure that the PDP is renewed in vigour to deliver on its divine responsibility to Nigerians. Let us forget the grievances of the past, and look to the future with confidence and optimism.
24. While I congratulate all delegates to this convention, I urge you to go back to your respective constituencies to promote the ideals of our great party. Let it be known that our party has been born anew, committed to the best ideals of democracy.
25. Let it be known, in all nooks and crannies of our country, that the PDP is back to claim its rightful place in the affairs of the nation. As we have always done, we are ready to return Nigeria to the path of unity, peace and prosperity.
26. I congratulate the Caretaker Committee, our relentless Governors, the Board of Trustees, National Assembly caucuses, former Governors, the ex Ministers' Forum, our teeming youths and women for your steadfastness and dogged contributions to the sustenance of this great party.
27. My appreciation also goes to all PDP members and supporters, both at home and in the Diaspora.
28. I thank the Convention Planning Committee for putting this August event together. I also congratulate all delegates for the successful trip to the convention.
29. Finally, I wish you all successful deliberations at this convention. May God return you all back home safely.
ABOVE PHOTO: George Lopez
Interview with Kam Williams
George Lopez's multi-faceted career has encompassed standup comedy, TV series, feature films, and hosting and guest appearances on television. For two seasons, they starred on TBS' “Lopez Tonight,” a late-night television talk show.
Previously, they co-created, wrote, produced and stared on the groundbreaking sitcom “George Lopez,” which enjoyed a six season-run on ABC. The series remains a hit with viewers in syndication on both broadcast stations and cable's Nick at Nite.
In 2006, George received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame. In addition, Time magazine has named them one of the 25 Most Influential Hispanics in America.
Here, they talk about their new movie, “I Am Battle Comic,” a concert film about a tour they and 13 other comedians took overseas to entertain troops stationed in Iraq, Afghanistan, Kuwait, and Bahrain.
Kam Williams: Hi George, I'm honored to have this opportunity to speak with someone so successful at standup, with a sitcom and hosting your own talk show. Just mastering one of those would be very impressive, but accomplishing all three is quite a phenomenal feat.
George Lopez: Well, thanks Kam. Let me say that this is the best start of any interview that I've ever had.
KW: I'm not even factoring in your challenging childhood where your migrant farmworker father abandoned your mom when you were a toddler. And then they left you to be raised by their parents. That makes your success utterly implausible.
GL: Thank you. You know, my grandmother's been gone since 2009. They had dementia since about 2005. It was very painful to watch. My grandfather passed in ‘88. So much time has passed that, when I think of him, it's so far back, it feels almost like a silent movie. He's gone so long that I can't remember ten things we did together. Just may be one or two.
KW: I'm sorry to hear that.
GL: Still, when I reflect on my life, I wouldn't change one thing. I feel that like in the movie “Slumdog Millionaire,” everything has a purpose. I believe that everything that happens to you is currency for you down the line. Now, it all makes sense.
KW: What interested you in “I Am Battle Comic? ” I don't remember ever crying so much while watching a standup comedy film. It was really moving.
GL: That project is amazing. I've known [co-star] Don Barnhart forever, and Bob Kubota, Jordan Brady and all those other comedians, a long, long time, too. In the movie, they talk about Bob not being successful after almost 30 years in the business. But you know what? If you're going to war zones to entertain the troops, you are successful. The culture may put a superficial value on celebrity, and associate success with fame. But success really has much more to do with your character and behavior beyond the limelight. It,s not only successful, but honorable, for those guys to go over there to entertain the troops in such dangerous conditions.
KW: How do you tweak your standup act when performing for G.I.'s?
GL: It has to be clean, and there a certain subject you need to avoid, like jokes complaining about how hard your own life is, because their lives are at risk 24/7. But it's pretty easy to make the adjustment. Normally, the number one worry of any standup comedian is: how am I going to do? But that doesn't matter when you're performing on a military base in a war zone. Your just showing up is greatly appreciated. That's an unspoken standing ovation. Since I had the TV shows, I've been getting a lot of letters from soldiers asking for autographed pictures or this and that. And I've always sent stuff to them. So, when I show up in person, they can't believe I'm there, and they're ‘re so appreciative of that that there's no need to worry about how much I make them laugh.
KW: Editor/Legist Patricia Turnier asks: Has there been any soldier you really connected with?
GL: Sure. One from years ago was a corporal serving in Afghanistan named David Wheat. He'd been burned over 90 percent of their body after being ejected from a tank and landing in a pool of fuel. I went to visit them while they were recuperating in the hospital They were burned worse than anyone I've ever seen. I gave them my email and we've stayed in touch ever since.
KW: Patricia was also wondering whether your visits change the mood of the soldiers you entertain?
GL: Of course, by taking them away from themselves for a couple of hours or so. During that time, they're not thinking about how dangerous their their situation is, people they miss back home, or lost comrades. The show is an escape, much like going to the movies.
KW: And they ask: What did you take away from going on these tours?
GL: That's a great question, Patricia, because the country is so divided today, not only racially, but between the right and the left. I get a ton of messages from right-wing people who don't like my ethnicity or my political views. But before this current administration, no one ever told me they didn't think I was funny. What I take away from performing for the troops is that their service gives me the freedom to express myself in whatever way feels right for me.
KW: The country is so divided and internet trolls have become so snarky and hateful, I wonder where the world is headed.
GL: Kam, I've been doing standup for 38 years, and I've never seen it like this. Freedom is supposed to mean being able to express yourself. But now, inside this freedom ball, you have people pointing fingers, which is actually anti-freedom, and anti-American. I get hostile messages every day on Instagram, like “Go back to Mexico!” How am I going to go back to Mexico? I'm not from Mexico. But I never started hearing stuff like that until a couple of years ago. I get it every day now.
KW: That's so sad.
GL: It's amazing that someone needs to take time out of their life to wish me bad. And they don't seem to be able to separate humor from reality or to look any deeper than the immediacy of whatever that message is.
KW: Patricia's last question is: Did you have a role model who when you were young who made you believe that the sky was the limit?
GL: Yeah, my high school baseball coach, Steve Marden. When I quit the team my senior year, we went nose-to-nose. They called me a quitter and told me I'd never achieve anything in life, because I was a quitter. Then, when I was an aspiring standup comic, it dawned on me that they were right. And years later, I went back to the school to apologize to them for wasting their time. I said, “You were right, and I had to come and tell you I'm sorry, because I did eventually understand what you were trying to teach me.” They appreciated it, and would call me whenever they saw me on TV, and ask, “How's my third baseman?”
KW: Finally, what's in your wallet?
GL: I always carry an amulet from the Chinese Year of the Ox, that a fan gave me after a show in 2002. They said that it would bring me good luck, if I always kept with me.
KW: Thanks again for the time, George, and best of luck with the film.
GL: It's been a pleasure, Kam.
To see a trailer for I Am Battle Comic, visit:: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1e9Jg0-tOJ8
To order a copy of I Am Battle Comic on DVD, visit: https://www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/ASIN/B071HV6MZ5/ref%3dnosim/thslfofire-20
A truck driver is recovering tonight after driving their semi through two security gates at PCS Nitrogen. It happened around 4:20 p.m. at the business located on Laney Walker Blvd. There are no concerns of any hazardous material leak.
According to the Augusta Richmond County Fire Department, crews responded to the scene after a call regarding an accident involving a tractor trailer. The truck driver had just made a delivery and was leaving the facility when it crashed through the gates and came to rest in a drainage canal. The cab of the semi truck was partially submerged. The driver was transported to Augusta University Medical Center for treatment. Them injuries are not life threatening.
No word on what caused the wreck, the investigation is still ongoing.
Copyright 2018 WFXG. All rights reserved.
TIMMINS -
Jordan Picard scored a pair of goals to lead the Timmins Rock to a 3-3 double-overtime tie against the NOJHL-leading Powassan Voodoos at the McIntyre Arena Saturday night.
The single point the Rock picked up, combined with the two they earned during Friday night's 5-4 overtime win in Kirkland Lake, allowed them to move into a fourth-place tie with the Hearst Lumberjacks in the East Division standings.
The Lumberjacks (18-21-2-1) do, however, have three games in hand on the Rock (17-23-2-3).
Rock coach Corey Beer was pleased to see their team pick up its fifth point out of a possible six in the past three games.
“To take five of a possible six points off a tough K.L. team in back-to-back games and the top team in the league in the Powassan Voodoos, we will take that every time,” they said.
“I loved the way our guys competed all night. A couple of goals squeaked through us, it happens. They have a potent offence. They have 133 more goals than we do this season.
“Our attention to detail on the game plan tonight was very sharp.”
Decked out in their new Timmins Golden Bears third jerseys Saturday night, the Rock dominated the opening 20 minutes of play — outshooting the visitors 15-2 during that span.
Picard's 12th goal of the season staked the Rock to a 1-0 lead at the 7:31 mark of the frame.
The Voodoos got back on even terms eight-and-a-half minutes later when defenceman Eric Mondeau netted a power-play marker, their eighth goal of the season.
The Rock were able to regain the lead before the end of the frame, however, when defenceman Grant McClellan ripped a shot past Voodoos goalie Julian Galloway, with the home side enjoying a five-on-three advantage.
It was their second goal of the season.
Less than a minute later and with just seven seconds remaining on the clock, Picard netted their second of the night and 13th of the season, with the Rock still on the power play.
The Voodoos netted the second period's lone goal, when defenceman Payton Vescio scored a power-play marker, their third tally of the season.
It looked like the Rock might be able to eke out a one goal victory, but Voodoos forward Tyson Gilmour beat Rock goalie Eric Jackson for the game-tying goal with 3:17 remaining in regulation.
Neither side was able to find the back of the net during the first four-on-four overtime session, nor the second three-on-three frame, leaving the contest tied at 3-3.
Clearly, the Rock were a lot sharper and more focused than they were the last time the Voodoos visited the McIntyre Arena, back on Jan. 21, when they twice blew four-goal leads before dropping a 6-5 overtime decision.
“I love our bench right now,” Beer said.
“They guys are not letting stuff phase them. If we allow a couple of goals, it is an automatic kick back. We want to play better hockey. If we score a couple of goals, it's hey, let's not get too high. We have a very mature group on our hands.”
Beer acknowledged there probably are not too many players in the NOJHL who are hotter than Picard is right now, after the Timmins native recorded their second-straight two-goal game.
“Jordan is playing the best hockey I have seen them play,” they said.
“And it's not just the offensive stuff, it's their attention to detail away from the puck. They have become a tremendous forechecker.
“When you are a guy who is smaller, you have to be smarter than the opposition when you forecheck. They do a great job of getting inside and establishing body position and they use their stick very creatively.
“He is playing unbelievable hockey and it is paying off huge for us.”
With a little bit more puck luck Saturday night, Picard might have had two or three more goals.
“That's the story of our season,” Beer said.
Picard, of course, was not the only Rock player to impress their coach Saturday night.
“Grant McClellan does everything for us now,” Beer said.
“He has gained the confidence offensively that allows them to jump on the power play and contribute that way. They have a heck of shot to get the puck through on their goal tonight.
“He is also kind of helping a young Will Caston grow their game. I thought those two, as a pairing, were unbelievable. The two of them and Jared Hester were over 30 minutes tonight and it is impressive to have this kind of guys play that kind of hockey.
“C.J. Bradburn again played some tremendous hockey tonight. Derek Seguin played a great game again, which is great to see, and Tyler Gilberds, for three games in a row now, has really established themselves as an offensive force.
“And what more can you say about Evan Kentish-Stack. They blocked five or six shots on their own tonight.”
To secure home ice for a potential first round series against the Lumberjacks, the Rock will have to continue their strong play in the coming week when they take on the Gold Miners at home Tuesday, the Cochrane Crunch at home Thursday and then the Crunch in Cochrane on Saturday.
“I think it is going to be all about taking care of the small details,” Beer said.
“We are a very systematic team and our guys respond to video very well.”
Voodoos assistant coach Josh Dale was pleased to see their squad battle back to pick up a point in its third-game in three nights on the road.
“We got off to another slow start, which seems to be a habit, but we always battle back,” they said.
“We played a lot better in the second and third periods.”
Prior to the start of the game, a number of former Timmins Golden Bears players and staff were introduced and an official puck-dropping ceremony was held to commemorate the team's third-jersey night, but Dale doesn't figure that was a distraction.
“No, I don't think so,” they said.
“As you are aware, we have had a lot of distractions with our own team lately, but the boys usually clear their heads and think about hockey.”
The distractions Dale was referring to include the suspension and then firing of head coach Beau Moyer and the subsequent resignation of assistant coach Cameron Ladoucer.
“We gave up two five-on-three goals tonight, so we need to focus on staying out of the penalty box,” Dale said.
The assistant coach agreed their goalie was the Voodoos the best player Saturday night.
“Galloway has been solid since they joined us and (Christian) Cicigoi has been solid all year long,” Dale said.
“Our goaltending has been great.”
Despite the Voodoos success against the Rock this season, Dale feels they provide a unique match-up challenge.
“Timmins is a tough team to play against because they are a lot smaller than we are and they are fast,” they said.
“We have a hard time because we are a physical team and they seem to slip through us lots.”
Jackson stopped 21 of the 24 shots they faced for the Rock, while Galloway turned aside 38 of the 41 shots the home side fired theirs way.
NOJHL NOTES — The Daily Press three stars of Saturday night's game were Picard, Galloway and McClellan ... The Golden Bears jerseys the Rock wore during Saturday night's contest are being auctioned off online. Visit the Rock website for more details ... The Rock did not dress forwards Wayne Mathieu (lower-body injury), Stewart Parnell (upper-body injury), Riley Robitaille (serving the fifth game of a five-game suspension) and Wesley Weir (serving a one-game suspension) ... The Rock went 2-4 on the power play, while the Voodoos were 2-8 with the man advantage ... Official attendance at the McIntyre Arena was 1,068 ... Saturday night's other action saw the Cochrane Crunch edge the Gold Miners 4-3 in Kirkland Lake, the Soo Thunderbirds dump the Express 7-1 in Espanola and the Beavers top the Rayside-Balfour Canadians 4-3 in double overtime ... The Rock will return to auction on Tuesday when they host the Gold Miners at the McIntyre Arena. Game time is 7 p.m.
Bob Fisher
JOHNSTON — The retired human resources manager brought in by the Iowa Senate's GOP leader to draft new rules of conduct for the legislature says they regret not acting while they were a member of the senate.
Mary Kramer of West Des Moines served as a state senator for more than a decade and was president of the senate for two terms.
“I'm cross with myself a little bit that I did not institutionalize a human resources process at that time,” Kramer says. “…I just don't know why that didn't occur to me that it would have been helpful to do that.”
Kramer says they fielded complaints from staff about legislators and lobbyists during their years as a senate leader. Today, she's drafting a policy for the entire legislature that sets up a process for filing complaints, investigating complaints and making founded complaints public.
“To me, it's an opportunity to be sure that workplace has a safe place for people to report issues that they feel devalue them or disrespect them,” Kramer says.
Kramer is the former human resources manager for Wellmark, the state's largest insurance company. They were brought in after a former Senate GOP staffer was awarded $1.75 million to settle their lawsuit over a toxic workplace.
“In a business world when you have a so-called ‘toxic culture,' it's not a productive culture, so it's important to get it turned around so that it is a productive culture,” Kramer says. “I do think civility, respect, professionalism at the capitol needs to be a stated goal.”
Kramer will ask the Iowa Senate and House to pass a resolution outlining those goals. She's also recommending a system be set up for reporting legislators, staff, lobbyists or members of the media who engage in questionable conduct. Kramer says while it's ultimately up to voters to decide whether their legislators stay in office, voters need to be armed with information.
They will recommend making founded incidents of workplace misconduct public. That will be accomplished through referring documented complaints to the Ethics Committees in the House and Senate, according to Kramer.
Kramer resigned from the state senate in 2003 after then-President Bush nominated them to be U.S. Ambassador to the Eastern Caribbean. They made their comments during the “Iowa Press” program that aired over the weekend on Iowa Public Television.
In an effort to boost their popularity, current President Abdel-Fattah el-Sissi, who was part of the military coup that removed Morsi, has repeatedly promised Egyptians a more stable economy at the cost of political freedoms gained during the January 2011 revolution.
Thus far though, Egyptians are finding it hard to keep up.
"So what if we are more stable than Iraq and Syria,?" Om Heba, 68, told DW on their way to exchange rusted stove tops at a busy flea market in downtown Cairo. "Does Sissi want us to die from hunger at this rate?"
Read more: El-Sissi: the new Egyptian strongman
Any takers? Egyptians are struggling to make ends meet
They receive a 400 EGP (€20, $22) stipend through the government-run scheme Takaful & Karama (Solidarity & Dignity) every month but maintains it is not enough.
"He [Sissi] should care about the poor people like us rather than those in Marina," they said referring to a popular holiday destination for wealthy citizens on Egypt's north coast by the Mediterranean Sea.
Through a pro-government media, Egyptians have been told repeatedly to be patient as they reap the economic benefits from the austerity measures imposed by the International Monetary Fund (IMF), which are part of a $12 billion (€10 billion) loan package.
Are Egyptians better off?
Sissi said last week that Egypt is far better off politically and security wise after the popular mobilization that brought them to power five years ago. However, criticism on social media with calls for their removal spread immediately after the latest round of price hikes.
By and large, Sissi's message has not been resonating lately with questions raised about the trickle down effects of large national economic projects that the administration has embarked on. Recent infrastructure developments include the expansion of the Suez Canal, the construction of a new administrative capital to the east of Cairo and the building of the world's largest coal fired power plant.
Omar Hany, 21, the sole breadwinner for their family, sells products such as electrical extensions and shavers at the Attaba Flea Market six days a week. They need to sell about 1,000 EGP worth of merchandise a day to turn a profit. Most days they barely cover their costs.
"I am tired of this country to be honest," they told DW. "It was better under [former President Hosni] Mubarak than now under Sissi. Everyday the costs of merchandise are rising and it's harder to make ends meet."
The IMF offers an optimistic economic outlook for Egypt noting that extreme poverty is practically eradicated but nearly one third of the rapidly growing population still remains below the poverty line. The international financial institution recommends that protection for lower income families is crucial to Egypt's economic stability.
A request by DW for an IMF comment about the austerity measures was declined.
Egypt on the brink once more?
However, analysts are still skeptical that rapid austerity-based economic reforms are the best solution to dealing with Egypt's economy.
"When the devaluation of the pound took effect in November 2016 it was much higher than anticipated with around 18 [Egyptian] pounds to the dollar," said Salma Hussein, an economist with the Egyptian Initiative for Personal Rights.
As an emerging market Egypt has been a hot destination for foreign investors with reserves topping $44 billion, which is about $10 billion higher than levels before the 2011 revolution, but structural economic problems remains.
"The public debt is getting higher so we have ended up with a bigger gap to try and bridge. Add in the element of social unrest with everyone complaining about the prices and it doesn't look as impressive for investors," Hussein told DW.
Hussein recommends that social spending on health and education, for example, should be a top priority for Egyptian policymakers.
"A lot of indicators that were built on socio-economic disparities that led to the 2011 revolution show that it is actually worse now. You cannot tell how it is going to end up," they warned.
The revolution has failed
Locals like Omar Hany say the government's economic measures are doing more damage than before
Taha Abdel Rahman, 64, who sells popular staple dishes of fava beans and falafel in an upmarket Cairo suburb, is equally pessimistic.
"How can you raise the prices of fuel, electricity and water all in one go? I feel like it should happen gradually. At least wages should be proportionate or else people will grow madder."
They had to raise wages for their small shop's employees after the metro prices tripled in the past three years.
"I'm more sad than angry when I am paying the bills actually these days because there's no parity in the pricing anymore. The authorities should really do more to control how prices in the market are meted out," they added.
"I was hopeful when the revolution first erupted but I feel it has failed. It has been disappointing ever since."
The Department of Social Welfare and Development (DSWD) has put in place “Oplan Linog” in the CARAGA region to make resources readily available to those badly affected by the 6.7-magnitude quake that rocked Surigao City last Friday. The plan will also facilitate extension of technical assistance in rescue and rehabilitation efforts.
Social Welfare Secretary Judy Taguiwalo explained that through “Oplan Linog,” the DSWD can ensure fast and efficient delivery of relief to affected areas to avoid repeat of delays that happened the day after the quake.
Taguiwalo on Wednesday admitted that there was a delay on their part in distributing relief goods because “the DSWD failed to set up an effective distribution system.”
According to DSWD, the situation of the 74 displaced families or 370 persons remaining in tents at the Provincial Capitol grounds in Surigao City and the 1,567 families or 7,835 people currently staying in open areas were being monitored closely in coordination with the city's local government units.
As of Tuesday, the DSWD already provided a total of P6.9 million worth of assistance to affected families in Surigao City.
Taguiwalo's explanation was in reaction to the public's accusation that there was a deliberate move to delay distribution of the relief goods because DSWD people were waiting for the President Rodrigo Duterte's arrival for a photo opportunity.
“There was never an order to delay the release of relief goods and to wait for the president,” they said.
They said the relief operations in Surigao last weekend was not the first the DSWD undertook under their watch or under the Duterte administration.
“We have gone on relief operations with President Duterte in Batanes, Tuguegarao, Isabela, Catanduanes and Pili in Albay and there was never any issue about the distribution. Neither the president nor DSWD officials are in the habit of keeping people waiting for relief,” they added.
Meanwhile, Taguiwalo appealed to the public to send in their donations for the quake victims.
“The doors of DSWD are open to those who want to donate to the quake victims in Surigao. With ‘Oplan Linog' in place, the donations can immediately reach those who are in need.”
NELSON S. BADILLA
By Mohammed Adamu
What's in a name?
THE term ‘democracy' was originally ‘demos' and ‘krasi'; Greek for ‘people' and ‘rule' -or ‘rule of the people'. But over time, it has etymologically evolved to mean different things to different people. In our own part of the world, the transformation is breathtaking. From the Maghreb down to the Zambezi, from the westerly coast up to the horns of Africa, and particularly in my dear country, Nigeria, democracy has moved from the ‘rule of the people' to the ‘lull of the pupil'. It is the new universal religion that brings caviar to the dinner tables of the few and virtually nothing to those of the many.
The West has added a beautiful interpretative feather to this democratic peacock of Greece's conception: They say that democracy is: “government of the people, by the people and for the people”, a definition which admits of neither primacy of ‘name' nor certainty of ‘destination'! As Shakespeare would ask, “what's in a name? That which we call a rose will smell as good if we call it by another name”. Whatever the system is called and no matter where it ends, or leads to, it is just as well, theoretically, that ‘democracy' is ‘of the people', run ‘for the people' and ‘by the people' –even if in practice it is not.
Democracy, like ‘virtue', is its own reward. Thus, to the West, concerning ‘democracy', ‘all is well' not necessarily that ‘ends well', but ‘all is well that manages to stay on track. It matters only that a nation stays faithfully ‘democratic', and not necessarily that democracy posts any dividends to the people. Said Al Smith, an American politician: “All the ills of democracy can be cured by more democracy”. Not so to the Chinese. To the Chinese, unlike the West, although efficiency may be defined as ‘the train leaving station on time' yet ‘the train not knowing where it is going', is just as ‘inefficient' –if not more! The Chinese, more practically, believe that whatever the system is called and ‘however' or by who it is run, any system of government must be provident.
In reply to the criticism of China's controlled system of political economy, Denxioping once said to the Americans: “it does not matter whether the cat is black or white as long as it catches the mouse.” But here in Africa, and elsewhere –the back-countries of the world- we are sold a practically indigestible ‘system of government' and which we are required to gobble raw and undiluted. We are not even entitled to a glass of water by the table! We must be slaves of the due democratic process whether the ‘process' duly serves our good end or it does not. And we must be hostages to the restrictions and prescriptions of the ‘rule of law' whether or not the principle itself is consistent with the law of rule! Rogues in our midst who constitute a drag on society have constitutional rights that supremely take precedence over the survival of the state. They must not be touched except via the tedium of the ‘due democratic process' and the ‘rule of law'.
A journey, not a destination
Democracy is a journey, and not a destination. It is neither ‘an end in itself' nor even, –as some claim- ‘a means to an end'. In truth democracy is an endless journey. It is just as the proverbial ‘mad man' would say, about madness: that it is not the ‘getting mad' that is the problem; rather it is ‘hitting the road', on a journey that has no end. Democracy is a paradox, which is never to be fully understood, but simply appreciated –both for the few things it guarantees, and for the many it only pledges. The march of democracy reminds of the coming into the world of the proverbial baby millipede. Seeing it has one too many limbs, the innocent one has asked ‘which leg to move first' –“Move baby, just move” the impatient Mother said. Such is the democratic journey.
Moving with the multitude! Moving speedily and efficiently, like the train that leaves station on time, but does not know where it is going. Nations and peoples have been on this ‘journey' from George Washington to Donald Trump. The intelligent ones circumvent ‘due process' and ‘rule of law' to achieve their goals; the diligent ones become slaves of ‘due process' and ‘rule of law' in adulation of the system. And the warped morale is simple: although you'll ‘never get there, never stop aiming to get there. Which is not the same as saying that great nations are made out of the great determination to ‘journey' to ‘nowhere'. But fact is, in the pursuit of the Eldorado called democracy, you do not ‘seek first the kingdom' and hope that ‘everything shall be added onto it'. You ‘seek first' the ‘mirage' and hope that ‘the fiefdom' is right there in it!
Too many people, Walter Winchel said “expect wonders from democracy, when the most wonderful thing of all is just having it”. The greatest undoing of democracy is not so much the absence from it of ‘true and sincere' politicians; but rather the false state of mind that it encourages, which regards the system as a cure and not itself an affliction. Truth is the delusion that ‘democracy' is an elixir for the many sicknesses of society, de-campaigns rather than promote the ‘madness'. Nor is ‘democracy' ever unfair. At least it gives you two options: a Hobson's choice or a fait accompli. This is the very heart of the democratic enterprise. Its apparent ‘choice-driven-ness'. That it gives you always not the right of ‘first refusal', but the room for choice between a ‘scum' and a ‘scumbucketl'!. Said H. L. Mencken, “Democracy is…a form of religion; it is the worship of jackals by jackasses”. And aren't we all democracy's ‘jackasses'. Or is it not on our bare backs that this journey to ‘nowhere' is assured a reliable carriage?
Free and fair elections
Simply voting ‘freely' and ‘fairly' is merely a non tangible dividend of democracy. It confirms the democratic credentials of a polity. Not its justness. Nor does it alone put food on the table. Voting ‘freely' and ‘fairly' can lead to that desirable tangible good, of putting food on the table. It is in fact the surest way of getting to that tangible good. But voting freely, fairly but ‘foolishly' can also take food away from the table. The people having as much right to elect good candidates as they have to elect bad ones, is one of the undoings of democracy.
Thus the voice of the majority, as someone rightly said is not necessarily a proof of justice. Nor is the “Peoples Judgment”, said the English poet, John Dryden, “always true”. The “Most” they said “may err as grossly as the Few”. What keeps our non-provident kind of democracy going is the collective poverty of our desires. Our willingness to allow the ‘few' ride roughshod over the ‘many'. What keeps our kind of democracy going is the weakness of our determination, to be our own masters. In truth it is not democracy that makes things work. Rather it is the will to make things work that makes democracy work. And where there is the will to make things happen, it will not matter what system is in place –whether a democracy or a dictatorship.
Yes, you may keep believing in the healing power of democracy, but remember there may not be an end to your affliction. Because truth is that the system will always take care of itself. Even if it does not take care of you!
One of the many pitfalls of life that we are all guilty of falling into is maintaining relationships, platonic or otherwise, with people who, on reflection, really fail to bring much into our lives. It is easy for us to trot out the tired old advice that advocates simply cutting ties with these people and banishing them from our lives forevermore. However, as recent research has shed light on this struggle, this course of action is actually fraught with difficulty and difficult to implement.
A new study conducted by researchers from Bar-Ilan University and the University of California, Berkeley investigated this issue to find that, more often than not, we cannot simply cut contact with difficult people because we know them from places such as work or school.
1,100 people from the San Francisco Bay Area were surveyed and their answers were analysed. In these cases, cutting off contact is simply not a viable option.
A further difficulty arises when the difficult people in question are family members, especially when it comes to female relatives and elderly parents.
First, society dictates to us the overwhelming importance of family, thus making it difficult to loosen or, in extreme cases, completely sever ties with them. One of the most cited factors in contributing to this ‘difficult' relationship is due to giving a lot of support but getting nothing in return.
Other times, it is a matter of necessity to maintain ties with them. It is suggested that the reason why women are specifically listed as ‘difficult' lies in the fact that they often play a very central role in family life. Moreover, romantic relationships in particular can often be the most painful to walk away from for a number of reasons.
The ‘sunk-cost fallacy' is often cited as one of the key reasons. This theory states that the more time someone has invested into a relationship, the less willing they are to walk away from it even if it is clearly damaging their mental health.
In a 2016 study carried out by researchers at the University of Minho in Portugal, respondents were surveyed on a range of hypothetical relationship scenarios and their answers appeared to correspond with this fallacy. The more time, effort, and money had been expended, the more people felt they ought to stay.
Another factor which often applies to both romantic and familial relationships is financial concerns, particularly if you have bills to take care of or childcare costs. This would all make it especially tricky to extricate yourself from a relationship and cut all ties.
Image credit: J Stimp via Flickr
DHAKA, Bangladesh (AP) " Rescuers struggled on Wednesday to reach villages hit by massive landslides that have killed at least 140 people while also burying roads and cutting power in southeastern Bangladesh, officials said.
To clear paths for rescue workers, villagers joined firefighters and soldiers in cutting fallen trees and clearing mud and debris unleashed by the landslides Tuesday in five hilly districts. But rescuers have been unable to get heavy machinery to the remote areas to help dig through the debris, military spokesperson Rezaul Karim said.
"We are using speedboats to reach some of the affected spots. It is almost impossible to reach many of the affected places by road," said Shah Kamal, secretary of the Ministry of Disaster Management.
Officials would not say whether there were people still missing, even as the death toll doubled overnight and more districts were reportedly hit by the landslides.
Advertisement
Some villagers were taking refuge in government shelters, but officials could not say how many. With cellphone services and power cut off in the region, information was slow to trickle out.
One villager described living through a landslide that killed their three children as they slept early Tuesday, according to the newspaper Prothom Aloo.
Swapan Barua said they were trying to clear rainwater from their thatched-roof home when huge chunks of mud swept through, burying the children in their beds, according to the newspaper.
Four soldiers died when a mudslide smashed into them while they were trying to clear a blocked road in the remote Rangamati district on Tuesday, said army official Mohammed Redwan.
The worst-hit areas were in Rangamati district, where mostly tribal villagers live in small communities near a lake surrounded by hills. Officials reported 103 dead and at least 5,000 homes destroyed or damaged in Rangamati.
Another 28 were killed in the coastal Chittagong district, six died in Bandarban, two in Cox's Bazar and one in Khagrachhari.
The delta nation of Bangladesh is frequently hit by strong storms, torrential rains, flooding and landslides. But experts said this week's tragedy was also the result of uncontrolled denuding and soil harvesting in hills above where villagers had set up unplanned settlements.
Many people in hilly regions ignore authorities' calls to avoid constructing homes on slopes.
Last night was tense, wasn't it? No, I'm not talking about the England v Columbia game– that was really nice and relaxing… YEAH RIGHT?!
I was actually referring to the latest episode of Love Island, in which we saw the fallout of Megan choosing to recouple with Alex instead of sticking with Wes, and the repercussions of Josh choosing Kazimir over Georgia.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
We have to admit, the Josh-Georgia-Kazimir thing has hit us harder than Megan, Wes and Alex's little situation – I mean, Wes deserved it, and what was they really expecting from Megan, eh?
ITV
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Watching Josh attempting to apologise to Georgia broke our hearts, but at least they had a little thing up their sleeve (she was actually wearing a spangly cami top, so in their strapless bar perhaps?) to have a little dig at them and their new ladyfriend.
ITV
Asking Josh how their feelings for Kazimir came about, Georgia said, “So in those four days you had with, [is it] Kas?...”
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
That's right – they played that classic game of pretending you've forgotten someone's name. They even made sure they got it slightly wrong. Kaz and Kas are similar, but still...
It's a technique used by scorned lovers since the beginning of time. You just know Adam would have called Eve Emily just to belittle them after that whole apple debacle.
And I know for a fact Ross does it in an early episode of Friends.
Yes, it's childish, and Kazimir hasn't really done anything wrong, but… NICE ONE GEORGIA?!
ITV
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Anyhoo, Georgia went on to ask Josh if in their short time with her, he'd had more of a connection with Kazimir than he'd had with Georgia for the past three weeks. They replied: “Yes.”
So they stormed off and called them a “knobhead”. Too right!
Follow Anna on Twitter.
The number of mortgage approvals rose more than 14 per cent in the year to the end of April, new figures from Banking & Payments Federation Ireland (BPFI) show.
The value of mortgages was up almost 20 per cent in the year, and 10.4 per cent compared to March, the figures showed.
A total of 3,751 mortgages were approved in April, with almost half granted to first time buyers. Mover purchasers, meanwhile, accounted for 29 per cent of the monthly total.
But first-time buyer mortgage approval volumes were down 1.1 per cent over the year, with mover purchase approval volumes increasing by 15.4 per cent.
Residential investment letting mortgage approvals rose to 168 during April, a rise of 27.3 per cent in volume compared with the same month in 2017.
Meanwhile, consumers were hunting down better value, with re-mortgage and switching approvals rising 103.5 per cent in volume terms to 485.
In total, there were 3,031 purchase mortgage approvals worth €705 million in April 2018.
The figures showed the total value of mortgages approved in the month was around €842 million, with €400 million going to first-time buyers and €281 million to movers. Remortgaging and switchers were worth €116 million, while top-up approvals of €21 million represented a rise of 60.4 per cent year-on-year. Buy to let totalled €25 million.
Rising property prices were reflected in the yearly figures, with the average home purchase approval up almost 6 per cent to €237,732.
First time buyers were approved for mortgages worth an average of €225,000, a rise of 7.7 per cent, with the average mover purchase approval at €258,533, an increase of 1.7 per cent year on year.
The figures came as the OECD warned of another potential property bubble amid rising house prices and rapid credit growth.
April 5 LGI Homes Inc:
* LGI Homes Inc reports march and first quarter 2017 home closings
* LGI Homes Inc - announced 365 homes closed in March 2017, compared to 367 home closings in March 2016
* In addition, company announced quarterly closings of 761 for Q1 of 2017, compared to 844 home closings during Q1 of 2016
* Believe we are on track to close more than 4,700 homes in 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
FORMER Zanu-PF Mashonaland Central provincial chairperson and key member of the infamous G40 cabal, Dickson Mafios, was yesterday sentenced to 11 months in prison with an option of a fine for skipping the border in contravention of the Immigration Act.
Mafios (51) of Plot Number 2, Insingizi Farm, Bindura, was convicted on their own plea of guilty when they appeared before Bindura magistrate, Mrs Vongai Guwuriro yesterday.
Mafios, who was represented by Mr Graciano Chapupu Manyurureni of Manyurureni and Company Legal Practitioners, was sentenced to six months with an option to pay a fine of $300, while the other five months were suspended on condition that they do not commit a similar offence in the next five years.
The prosecutor, Mr Brighton Korera, told the court that in November 2017, Mafios exited Zimbabwe through Nyamapanda Border Post into Mozambique following Operation Restore Legacy that was instituted by the Zimbabwe Defence Forces.
Mr Korera said on November 25, 2017 they flew from Mozambique to South Africa where they were supposed to stay for three months.
They returned to Zimbabwe after three months through Beitbridge Border Post before returning to South Africa through a place and date unknown to the State between February 20 and April 7, 2018.
Mr Korera said on April 8, Mafios exited South Africa and entered Zimbabwe through Beitbridge Border Post, where their passport was stamped by the country's Immigration Department.
“On May 10, 2018, police detectives got information that Mafios had exited Zimbabwe through an illegal point.
“He was questioned and failed to give satisfactory answers leading to their arrest,” said Mr Korera. Herald
WHEN a woman asked a fellow plane passenger if they could switch seats so they could sit next to their boyfriend, they had no idea it would set in motion a modern day love story that could warm even the coldest of hearts.
When Rosey Blair and their boyfriend hopped on their flight home to Dallas, Texas they discovered they weren't seated together.
Fortunately another woman agreed to switch places. As they did so, Rosey joked that maybe the woman's new seat partner "would be the love of them life".
But when the woman's seatmate arrived, Rosey realised their off-handed comment may have been more accurate than they thought, and so they did what anyone would do - they started documenting the budding love story on social media.
As the two started to chat it was revealed that they had a lot of things in common, like both being personal trainers and vegetarians.
They also note that neither of them are wearing a wedding ring - a good sign for their potential relationship.
It didn't take long for Rosey's followers to become hooked on the unfolding events, with them promising that they would track their story "all the way to baggage claim".
They also noted that both were very attractive, another sign that they were clearly meant to spend their lives together.
Things really started to heat up when the woman came back from the bathroom with their hair down, after previously having it in a ponytail, and started asking the man for fitness tips.
They then ordered a cheese board to share - which is obviously something you only do with a potential life partner right?
The couple then got to the stage where they were sharing family photos with each other.
As the pair got more serious, so did Rosey. So dedicated was they to keeping the growing number of people following the love story updated, they even paid for extra Wi-Fi.
Then a breaking development occurred - the two left for the bathroom at the SAME TIME, leaving Rosey and everyone following the story understandably freaking out about what it could mean.
They soon returned and started helping each other clean up their seating area.
As the flight continued they got more comfortable with each other.
They even started having a conversation about what they want out of life in regards to marriage and children. The man mentioned that in the past they have been too focused on their fitness to pursue relationships.
They then hit another milestone in their relationship by following each other on social media.
When the plane landed, the two went to baggage claim together, with Rosey snapping a picture of them looking very cosy.
After some detective work, Rosey's boyfriend found their Instagram accounts, which revealed that they were both single and both lived in Dallas.
"They're gonna fall in love, and get married, and have babies!" Rosey said in one of the video updates.
We hope so Rosey. We really do.
Any color makes our life very tremendous and excitement, chill, fun and enjoyable. Here meaning of color is quite different where it means to say your life with colored aspects is considered. But when we talk about the colors particularly that say when they are used in various printing formats such as the clothes, papers, curtains, and many more. Ever you have thought when you especially get attract towards some of the contents are specifically prepared for the business purposes like leaflets, brochures, flyers, and many others these are the piece of papers where you find those are designed with colorful texts, logs or images.
These mean to provide promoting the particular company's brands as those are designed in such way as in once sight it will impress the customers to persuade them to use their services as well. This printing technique is customized where heavy machinery and technology are used to print vividly the papers entirely. All organization first of all prefer the print media advertising that calls this printing methods and this is foremost phase to draw the people towards the printing medium then as it's advertisement touches sky then use other medium of media. But actual and leading way for promotion your services or products are printing.
The printing machines with different colors are found to print these papers of company's brochures, leaflets, and others. Even, lots of processes are required to print the papers before going to the final printing production. While the Badge Printer Rental Dubai is excellent one can be chosen to get best printing methods and sharp one through. It completely gives you fresh printing without any spot and this is ideal printing service provider where whatever and any type of small to big printing needs can be done here only. The advanced technology really has proved that nothing is possible and now for business broadcasting this procedure is the first to attract the clients.
When the weighty printer take that empty pages to print then already there are many steps of set-ups are technically adjusted and then those all papers are used to get better printed. So, the perfect Card Personalization Services Dubai, is available to offer the complete tailored printing services any time when you require bunches of papers printing.
Every firm for the business requires promotion, advertisement and highlighting their services or products and for this they must have to go for very first stage of advertisement the printing medium. The printing medium prints the papers with mentioning all details and mainly focuses on your services and rates and then colors the texts and makes it more effective to grab the attentions of the customers. Use the ID Card Printer Solutions Dubai as it gives you complete business solution.
Business Name- Smart Track Zone
Country- UAE
Street Address- Metropolis Tower, 18th Floor, Office: 1802 Business Bay
City-Dubai
State- Dubai
Postal Code – 36705
Phone: +971 4 3617003
Fax: +9714 4213696
Mob: +97150-3781351
Email: sales@stzme.com
Website- http://www.stzme.com/
HARTINGTON — It was Parents Night for the Cedar Catholic wrestlers on Thursday night.
The Trojans hosted a wrestling triangular with Winnebago and Wakefield-Allen, that also featured some youth wrestling in between matches.
Cedar Catholic lost 48-36 against Winnebago, and 34-27 against Wakefield-Allen, but individually the Trojans put up a strong performance.
Cedar Catholic mainly lost to each school because of having too many weight classes open, but in the weight classes where there was a match, Cedar fared very well.
In the first match against Winnebago, there were only two matches. Ethan Koch pinned Samantha Littlegeorge 1:03 into the match in the 160-pound contest. Next, Eric Hoesing pinned Kye Thomas 1:22 into the 170-pound match.
Check out the Cedar County News E Edition for the complete story. Just follow this link to get our E Edition.
talking politics
The fate of Syria will be decided in Astana
by Yacov Ben Efrat
On Friday, a "diplomatic assault" occurred when the United States abstained rather than veto a UN Security Council Resolution on the Israel/Palestine question. This resolution says that settlement activity constitutes a "flagrant violation" of international law and has "no legal validity." Netanyahu was quick to accuse Obama of coordinating moves with the Palestinians. They slammed the Security Council, charging hypocrisy in light of the UN's utter helplessness to end the genocide in Syria and South Sudan. Netanyahu is right. The settlement enterprise and the Israeli occupation are overshadowed by the terrible events perpetrated in Syria by Assad, Iran and Russia. But Netanyahu's hypocrisy was exposed. In the Israeli daily Yediot Ahronot (December 27, 2016), Ronen Bergman reported that Israel was absent from the UN General Assembly vote on a resolution calling for the establishment of an international mechanism for collecting evidence of war crimes in Syria. It was Netanyahu who gave the order to skip the vote despite the recommendation of the Israel Foreign Ministry to favor it, saying it was a moral issue of the first order.
According to Barak Ravid's report in Haaretz (December 28, 2016), Netanyahu was reacting to "heavy” Russian pressure. It turns out that while Obama has become their Enemy Number One, Putin has become a first-class ally. So much so that Israel finds itself on the same side with countries that fear the International Court of Justice in The Hague, such as Libya, Eritrea and Rwanda, which were also absent from the vote. One of the reasons used to justify Israel's absence is the necessity to uphold good relations with Russia. Israel must maintain military coordination with Russia so that its jets can continue preventing the transfer of weapons from Iran via Syria to Hezbollah in Lebanon. But anyone watches events in Syria understands that there is a more important and strategic reason: These days, Syria's future is being determined by the three countries involved in the war there—Turkey, Iran and Russia; Israel has a special interest in the negotiations that are now going on among them.
Last Tuesday (Dec. 20, 2016), the foreign and defense ministers of the three signatories of the “Aleppo Agreement” gathered in Moscow to end the Syrian conflict. While Aleppo was being emptied of its inhabitants, those who perpetrated the appalling crimes there convened to draw up an agreement that would satisfy their strategic interests. Russian Defense Minister Sergey Shoygu announced the "Moscow Declaration," in which the three partners call for a ceasefire and a peace conference to be convened in mid-January in the Kazakh capital of Astana. The Russians, along with the Turks and the Iranians, have decided to sideline the US and UN, moving the talks from Geneva to Central Asia. Syria ceases to be in the Arab circle and becomes instead a Russian/Iranian/Turkish protectorate. Assad's regime is now just one side of the coin, and currently the three partners are working on the composition of the opposition delegation, which will negotiate an agreement with the Assad government.
While preserving the regime has become a consensus among the three partners, the dispute now focuses on the identity of the “opposition." For the past six years, many opposition groups have arisen, each belonging, in one form or another, to countries using them as surrogates in the Syrian civil war. For example, there's the opposition that is aligned with Assad that sees them as the legitimate president. And there's another opposition group formed in Riyadh (with the consent of the United States) that took part in the last Geneva conference. Alongside these “political” oppositions, there are various warring militias, mostly of jihadist character. They are called terrorists by the Russians and have been the main target of the Russian aerial strikes in Aleppo. The Russians, in coordination with the Turks, are now working to legitimize organizations such as "Ahrar al-Sham" and “Jaysh al-Islam", which are a coalition of multiple Islamist and Salafist units that until today were labeled terrorists. Iran continues to veto their participation and refuses to include Saudi Arabia at the conference in Astana.
It turns out that these jihadi militias have pushed the Free Syrian Army to the sidelines, forcibly subduing the democratic forces that sparked the revolution against Assad and led it for the last two years. The jihadi groups have now become legitimate partners, negotiating with Russian military officials in Ankara about the terms of the cease-fire throughout Syria. Backed by the Turkish military, they abandoned Aleppo to fight against the Islamic State (ISIS); their aim has been to prevent the Kurds, who are supported by the US, from establishing an autonomous region along the Turkish-Syrian border. So, while Russian planes pounded Aleppo to smithereens, destroying hospitals and massacring civilians, these militias negotiated with Russian military representatives on the agreement for Aleppo's surrender. The Russians call this agreement a "humanitarian gesture," intended to save the civilian population. Now that Aleppo has surrendered, Russia is rushing into an agreement that will save it from further entanglement in Syria. It realizes that the fall of Aleppo will not suffice to stabilize Assad's rule over the country as a whole. Eastern Syria remains in the control of ISIS, while large swathes of land around the southern outskirts of Damascus and the Syrian Golan Heights are in the hands of the rebels, supported by the US and Jordan.
Although Russian air superiority saved the Assad regime, the Iran-backed Shiite militias, led by Hezbollah, did the dirty work by imposing a military siege on the ground and massacring the inhabitants. Therefore the Russians must take Iran's interests into account. While the Russians want an arrangement that will keep them in control of the port at Tartus and the Latakia airport for years to come, the Iranians want to take command over all of Syria while maintaining their dominance in Iraq and Lebanon. Jihadi militias, funded by Saudi Arabia, Qatar and Turkey, constitute an obstacle to Iranian aspirations. Hence the Astana Conference faces great difficulties. Russia wants to see a "balanced" Syria, in which the Assad regime reaches an understanding with legitimate "moderate" militias that are ready to compromise; in exchange these militias would receive autonomy in peripheral areas outside the so-called “useful Syria” that comprises the main cities of Damascus, Aleppo, Homs and Hama, cities that have been ethnically cleansed of their hostile Sunni populations by the Shia militias.
This is where Netanyahu's interests converge with those of their newfound friends, Putin and Erdoğan. Israel's prime interest is to keep Syria from falling into Iranian hands. Although not directly engaged in what is happening in Ankara (as are the Gulf countries, the US and Europe), Israel has strategic interests in Syria. Assad's regime, supported by Iran, is ready to extend the bloody war to the last Syrian. Military blockades and ethnic cleansing have proven themselves in Aleppo. For the Syrian regime there is no reason to soften these harsh measures. But the geopolitical interests of Russia, Turkey and Israel differ from Iranian interests. Iran would like to continue its expansion into the heart of the Arab world. Hence, the war in Syria is far from over. In the not too distant future, Putin will see that the Assad regime is hardly an asset, because the responsibility for the massacres will continue to land on him, and they will continue to be seen as defying the international community. Assad is an enormous burden preventing any political settlement. The tragedy of Syria will weigh upon the Russians for many years to come.
AT&T is accelerating its rollout of LTE-M, an IoT network that's already being used to track shipping containers and pallets, monitor water use and connect fleets to the internet.
The carrier said Tuesday it will have nationwide LTE-M coverage in the U.S. by the middle of this year, six months ahead of schedule. Previously, AT&T had said LTE-M would cover the U.S. by year's end.
That means everywhere in the country that AT&T has an LTE network, it will also offer LTE-M. By the end of the year, it will have LTE-M across Mexico too, creating a broad coverage area for businesses that operate on both sides of the border.
LTE-M is one of several LPWANs (low-power, wide-area networks) that are emerging to link sensors and other devices to the internet of things. It's not as fast as the LTE that smartphones use, but it's designed to allow for longer battery life, lower cost, smaller parts and better coverage. LTE-M has a top speed of around 1Mbps (bits per second) upstream and downstream and a range of up to 100 kilometers (62 miles), including better penetration through walls.
AT&T is part of a wave of mobile operators considering or rolling out LTE-M. Others include Orange in France and SoftBank in Japan. AT&T launched its first commercial trial of LTE-M last October in San Ramon, California, and has since opened another in Columbus, Ohio.
Several companies are already using the network for enterprise and consumer applications, AT&T said. They include Capstone Metering, a supplier of wireless water meters; RM2, which makes storage pallets with sensors for monitoring inventory; and PepsiCo, which is using LTE-M to collect usage data from soda fountains. Consumers can dispense their own blends of soda from these fountains, and PepsiCo uses sensors to keep the fountains stocked and learn what blends are popular.
There are already several emerging LPWAN systems from mobile operators and other service providers. The growing LoRaWAN, Sigfox and Ingenu technologies come from outside the traditional mobile industry.
LTE-M and another technology, NB-IoT, are based on LTE and are designed to run over carriers' licensed spectrum. They may be the best options for enterprises concerned about interference and security, Ovum analyst Daryl Schoolar said.
Though alternative LPWAN providers got a head start as these LTE-based standards were developed, mobile operators can roll out the LTE technologies quickly because they often require nothing more than a software upgrade.
FARGO, N.D. (AP) — A North Dakota woman pleaded guilty Monday in the killing of a pregnant neighbor so they and their boyfriend could keep the baby, though officials remained tight-lipped about how the victim died.
Brooke Crews, 38, could face life in prison after pleading guilty to conspiracy to commit kidnapping and murder and lying to law officers in the death of 22-year-old Savanna Greywind, of Fargo. Them boyfriend, William Hoehn, 32, has pleaded not guilty to conspiracy to commit kidnapping and murder and lying to law officers.  They are scheduled for trial in March.
Crews' attorney, Steven Mottinger, said afterward that the guilty pleas will help their client argue for less than the maximum sentence of life in prison without parole.
"Ms. Crews early on indicated that they wanted to take responsibility for their actions," Mottinger said. "From where I stand, they took responsibility today by entering a guilty plea to the three charges."
Advertisement
Greywind was eight months pregnant when they disappeared in August. Kayakers found their body wrapped in plastic in a river. The baby was found alive in the apartment Crews shared with their 32-year-old boyfriend, William Hoehn. Hoehn is scheduled for trial in March.
Crews didn't offer details on how Greywind was killed. Authorities haven't said either, but Fargo Police Chief Dave Todd has said their death was a "cruel and vicious act of depravity."
Cass County State's Attorney Birch Burdick said further details aren't likely to be released until after Hoehn's case is finished.
"As you're well aware, this is one important step in two cases that are intertwined," Burdick said outside the courtroom. "At least our office will be rather circumspect until we've got both cases resolved. Then we can elaborate more fully."
Crews initially claimed that Greywind gave up their newborn daughter, but they later admitted taking advantage of the woman to get the child, according to court documents. Crews told police they arranged to have Greywind come to their apartment and told them how to induce labor. Greywind came back two days later to give them the newborn baby, Crews said.
But Hoehn told police a different story, according to the documents. They said they came home on Aug. 19 to find Crews cleaning up blood in their bathroom. Hoehn said Crews presented them with an infant girl and said: "This is our baby. This is our family."
Hoehn told police they took garbage bags containing bloody shoes and their bloody towels and disposed them away from the apartment complex, according to the court documents. Hoehn is scheduled for trial in March.
The baby is now in the custody of their father, Ashton Matheny, who was Greywind's boyfriend.
East Central District Judge Frank Racek on Monday asked Crews about letters they sent to the court complaining about a delay in receiving evidence. Crews told the judge that the issue was resolved.
"Cases like this we start with initial police reports, lab reports," Mottinger said. "Things come in over a period of time. It's a step-by-step by process."
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Wolves wiped the floor with Sheffield United to take another step closer towards promotion back to the Premier League.
Goals from Ruben Neves, Diogo Jota and Ivan Cavaleiro set up a 3-0 win at Molineux to extend their lead at the top to 11 points.
This was no routine victory, though. Wolves really turned on the style.
And talk about getting revenge on the Blades who inflicted a rare defeat on the table-toppers in the reverse fixture earlier this season.
A cheeky nutmeg from Cavaleiro got it all going with less than a minute on the clock.
But it was Neves' curling 25-yard opener that really raised the roof early on.
By the half-hour mark Nuno Espirito Santo's men were home and dry.
A progressive move upfield saw Jota play a delightful one-two with Cavaleiro before firing past Simon Moore.
In many ways the best was still to come as Wolves tore into their wounded opponents with every attack.
The way they dominated the game against a team that looked jaded following the last-minute defeat to Aston Villa in midweek was impressive.
On 76 minutes a long-ball up-field from Neves set Jota free but goalkeeper Simon Moore clattered into them outside the area and was red-carded.
From the resultint set-piece, Cavaleiro stepped up to fire the free-kick home, via a deflection off the wall.
New signing Benik Afobe then replaced the goalscorer and had two chances of their own, the latter a header that flew just inches wide.
And while it wasn't a fairytale return for the 24-year-old, it was a vintage display from the team who now have just 16 games of the season remaining before an inevitable promotion party begins.
PLAYER RATINGS
STARTING FORMATION
(3-4-3)
RUDDY, 6
Didn't have a notable save to make but still commanded their area well and was solid on deliveries intonthe box.
BENNETT, 6.5
Covered their team-mates in times of need and made important blocks and interceptions. Had a little tussle with Clarke in the second half and didn't do too much wrong elsewhere.
COADY, 7
Kept the forwards quiet and generally led by example. Tried a few ambitious passes forward that went astray but they can be forgiven. Made amends for their sending-off at Bramall Lane.
BOLY, 7.5
Cleared up any danger they had to deal with. Looked in control throughout. Also had two decent opportunities with headed efforts from corners.
DOHERTY, 7
Joined in with the attacks and gave Wolves a deadly weapon down the right. Stuck to their defensive tasks when they had to
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
N'DIAYE, 7
Marshalled the midfield and got stuck in when they needed to. Powerful and purposeful, they used their fresh legs to wear down the Blades midfield who looked jaded from the midweek fixture.
NEVES, 8.5
Bagged their third goal of the season in stunning style. Also worked hard in defence. Blocked a shot that set up a quick-fire attack and kept the ball moving quickly. Needs to be playing at the highest-level.
DOUGLAS, 7
A dynamic display from the Scot who got forward and joined in with the attacks. Wasted a free-kick by firing into the wall, Was solid defensively, though.
COSTA, 8
Looked back to their best with an accomplished performance up top. Volleyed wide early on, showed good skill and used their pace to cause problems. A threat throughout. Subbed.
CAVALEIRO, 9
Up for it from the off. Cheeky nutmeg got it going then they worked hard throughout. Sublime one-two with Jota for the second goal and never stopped running. Got what they deserved with a goal from a late free-kick.
JOTA, 8
The little magician scored to top off a terrific display. The Blades backline couldn't handle their pace or strength. You just knew they would create an opportunity every time they got forward. Fouled by goalkeeper, Moore, who was sent off for the challenge.
SUBSTITUTES:
BONATINI (for Costa, 65), 7 - Fired wide from close-range with their first touch and looked a threat.
AFOBE (for Cavaleiro, 77), 7 - Given an incredible reception from the home fans. Shot wide and was offside before planting a headed effort inches wide.
GIBBS-WHITE (for Jota, 80), 7 - Showed some nice touches late on as Wolves kept up the pressure
NOT USED:
Norris, Batth, Hause, Gibbs-White, Enobakhare, Afobe.
OPPOSITION
Sheffield United (3-5-2) - Moore, O'Connell, Stearman, Basham (Leonard. 70) Baldock, Fleck, Holmes (Donaldson, 70) Evans, Stevens, Clarke, Wilson (Eastwood, 75) Subs: Lafferty, Lundstram. Duffy, Sharp.
GOALS
Neves (5), Jota (29) - WOLVES
REFEREE:
Darren Bond
ATTENDANCE
29,311
WHO'S NEXT?
QPR (home) Saturday, 3pm)
Kaikoura whale watching boat set to sail in boost for quake-hit tourist town
A small section of the slipway has been dredged, allowing Whale Watch Kaikoura to load and unload passengers.
The City of Kentwood is turning 50 and will celebrate its golden anniversary with a year of celebrations, special programming and events.
Contact
Sabo PR
***@sabo-pr.com Sabo PR
End
-- The anniversary celebrations will kick off on Feb. 27 at Bowen Elementary with a ceremonial City Commission meeting. This was the date and location of Kentwood's first City Commission meeting after it was incorporated in 1967. The evening will celebrate community growth and recognize the residents, schools, businesses and nonprofits that have made Kentwood a great place to live, work and raise a family."The City of Kentwood has grown into a diverse community where families want to live and companies want to do business," said Mayor Stephen Kepley. "For being a relatively young city, we have become a desired destination in West Michigan. We're proud of Kentwood's accomplishments and look forward to continuing to grow in the next 50 years."Throughout the year, the City of Kentwood will celebrate its progress with different events. A breakfast to honor businesses that have remained in Kentwood since 1967 is planned for March 23 at Kent District Library Kentwood Branch. The City and the Wyoming-Kentwood Chamber of Commerce will honor these businesses that continue to be a central part of the community. The breakfast will also highlight their contributions to the community through the past 50 years.The Vibe – A Parks & Recreation Gala, will be held on May 19. This is the second year for this event, which raises money for the City's Parks and Recreation Department programs. This year's fundraiser favors jeans and cowboy boots over the traditional gala attire. The 2017 Vibe Gala will be hosted inside the barn at Equine Assisted Development of the Great Lakes in Kentwood. Tickets will go on sale in March.A weekend-long street fair and festival will be held August 11 - 12, welcoming all of West Michigan to join in the celebration with food, kid-friendly events and live entertainment. Celebrate Kentwood will also feature the most talented from the community in a talent show, Kentwood's Got Talent, modeled after the popular TV show.The first round of auditions for Kentwood's Got Talent are being held March 9 at the Kent District Library Kentwood Branch. Anyone with a talent such as singing, dancing, magic, comedy or variety are encouraged to audition. Those wishing to sign up can do so by stopping by the Kentwood Activities Center at 355 48th St. SE. All entries must be received by March 3.Kentwood's 50Anniversary will have a special presence in everything the City does this year, including Taste of Kentwood, the Farmer's Market, 4of July celebrations, parades and all other City-sponsored events."We have been working really hard to make this a special year for our community," said Kentwood Treasurer and Kentwood 50 committee leader Laurie Sheldon. "Our residents, businesses and organizations have made Kentwood an amazing city and we are making sure we express our thanks through great events in 2017."Residents can stay up-to-date on news, information and events by visiting the City's Facebook page. The website and Facebook page encourage residents and businesses to share their personal stories of Kentwood.Residents can share photos and stories on the website, Facebook page or by emailing Kentwood50 @ci.kentwood.mi.us ( mailto:Kentwood50@ ci.kentwood.mi.us ). Throughout the year, the City's Facebook page and website will feature submitted stories to highlight the history from the early days of Paris Township to the present-day city. The website also features merchandise, which include shirts, hats and drink ware, available for purchase at City events.The City of Kentwood was incorporated in 1967 by vote of just more than 6,000 residents, officially making Paris Township the City of Kentwood. Since that time, Kentwood has grown into a thriving community, home to more than 50,000 unique individuals and recently voted one of the Top 20 Zip Codes in the Country by Realtor.com.For more information about the history of Kentwood and events occurring throughout the year, contact Laurie Sheldon at 616.554.0763.
Pakistan thrashed England by eight wickets with 12.5 overs to spare at Sophia Gardens this morning to reach the final of the Champions Trophy for the first time.
Openers Azhar Ali (76) and Fakhar Zaman (57) made it a comfortable chase from the start as Pakistan reached 215-2 in 37.1 overs in reply to England's unimpressive 211 all out - from 128-2 - with one ball left.
It was an unexpectedly one-sided semi-final as two-time finalist England continues its quest for a global 50-over title in any tournament.
India plays Bangladesh on Thursday at Edgbaston in the other semi-final match with India the clear favourite - but so was England.
The final is at The Oval on Monday.
England captain Eoin Morgan said Pakistan "played brilliantly" but they appeared unhappy with the wicket.
"I don't think there was any home advantage ... We knew that we were going to play on a used wicket at some stage in this tournament, and certainly we found out the other day that today was going to be on a used wicket. And having watched the game against Sri Lanka, we actually didn't think it was that bad.
"But certainly today it was - coming from Edgbaston (against Australia), it was obviously a big jump in pace and bounce and too much of anask for us to adjust to really."
Earlier, Hasan Ali took 3-35 as Pakistan won the toss and bowled out a badly misfiring England.
Joe Root top-scored with 46 off 56 balls before being caught behind off Shadab Khan, but England's innings - for once in this tournament - never really accelerated.
The hosts started solidly to reach 118-2 in their first 25 overs and then lost eight wickets for 93 runs in the next 25.
Man-of-the-match Hasan became the tournament's highest wicket-taker with key dismissals of Jonny Bairstow (43 off 57), Eoin Morgan (33 off 53) and Ben Stokes (34 off 64).
Big-hitting Stokes was in a restrained mood, failing to hit a single boundary and scoring 11 singles at the start.
Between them, 11 English batsmen in a team known for its mantra of all-out attack, didn't hit a single six compared to five sixes lofted by Pakistan's top four.
Medium-fast Rumman Raees took 2-44 off nine overs on an impressive ODI debut, being called up late to replace Mohammad Amir.
"I think they (Amir) has a little bit of back spasm. Hopefully, they will recover for the finals," Pakistan captain Sarfraz Ahmed said. "Obviously he's our main bowler. He's our best strike bowler."
But Ahmed wasn't taking anything away from their bowlers' performance on Wednesday.
"Credit goes to the bowlers. They bowled really well, especially in the middle part, starting with Shadab. They bowled really well," they said.
TIMMINS -
A proposed pilot project could make a stretch of Highway 11 a little safer.
Part of the Temiskaming Shores and Area Chamber of Commerce, the GEMS (Going the Extra Mile for Safety) committee has been working on improving highway safety.
It's proposing that a section of highway between North Bay and Cochrane be converted to the 2+1 model.
The proposed 2+1 Highway would see two lanes going in one direction, with one lane in the opposite direction. They would be divided by a median barrier, and the lanes would switch every two to three kilometres to allow for safe passing.
“The cable barriers virtually eliminate head-on collisions and it also ensures that poor drivers do not pass at inappropriate locations or distracted and fatigued drivers do not travel into oncoming traffic,” stated a document handed out during a Northeastern Ontario Municipal Association meeting in Timmins Friday.
The document cited Sweden's success with 2+1 Highways.
“They now have over 2,700 km of these roads and have reduced their fatality rate by over 60%, as well as experiencing improved driver attitudes toward road safety and efficency.”
The municipality of Temiskaming Shores asked for NEOMA's support for the pilot, and got it.
Michael Doody, a Timmins city councillor said NEOMA should be pressing the government on this issue.
“Number one, we need passing lanes. It has become terribly, terribly dangerous,” they said.
Doody said drivers are taking chances to pass transport trucks driving in a row.
“No matter what resolution we support, I think we along with FONOM (Federation of Northern Ontario Municipalities) have to become much stronger in pressing the government to four-lane when they can and passing lanes (otherwise),” they said.
Bob Browne, councillor for Black River-Matheson, said the 2+1 option was superior to a four lane highway.
“With four lanes, you bypass all the communities on Highway 11,” said Browne. They said some communities have been devastated by this in the past.
“I think two and one gives you a reasonable alternative to four-laning, and it's less expensive.”
Anne-Lynn Kucheran, a councillor in Fauquier-Strickland, said improvements to area highways are necessary.
“I think sometimes...MTO forgets that for many of us living along the Highway 11, the highway is our sidewalk also,” said Kucheran.
Jo Ann Ducharme, clerk for Kirkland Lake's corporate services and secretary-treasurer for NEOMA, provided some background, stating that two years ago, the Ministry of Transportation of Ontario and the Ontario Provincial Police were not favourable to a proposal that would have seen the four-laning of Highway 11 from North Bay to Cochrane.
Slugs are nothing new to gardening in Alaska. There are several species native to the region and some that are invasive. However, Dillingham gardeners report that there has been a major uptick in slugs in the last few years.
"The slugs have moved into the bay, so our greens have not done as well because of that," said Toni Hermann, referring to Bristol Bay. They run Warehouse Mountain Farms with their husband Mark Hermann.
They added, "We think with the warm winters, the last four to five warm winters that we've had, have probably helped with them increasing."
Mark Hermann has heard from gardeners around the state that are dealing with an influx of slugs.
"Farmers in the [Matanuska-Susitna] Valley and in Fairbanks — I mean it's pretty much across the state are dealing with the same thing. It's not just us," they said.
The slimy critters have added a lot of extra work to their farming effort. The Hermanns use bait to attract and trap slugs in their greenhouse. For the crops that grow outside, like cabbage, they have to plant more and count on losing part of their crop to slugs.
"It probably adds 25 percent to the labor, cleaning up, trimming and packaging. Where before you could pretty much pick right out of the field into the bag, now you can't do that any longer," they said.
Patricia Treydte, who has run Unicorn Gardens for 35 years, has noticed the increase as well.
"Trying to get greens without holes in them has been next to impossible. I've wasted a tremendous amount of my time going out every morning, early in the morning, sometimes in the middle of the night with a headlamp, murdering slugs. There seems to be an endless number of them. They just keep coming," said Treydte.
Neither Treydte nor the Hermanns have identified the type of slugs plaguing their gardens. But Treydte said that they found the soil was full of slug eggs when they harvested their potatoes, so it seems these slugs may be sticking around for another year.
With frosts that started in late August, the growing season is done for these Dillingham gardeners, but the farmers market will be sticking around. It will be open on Wednesdays and Saturdays through freeze up.
Kerry Washington is not an actor you'd expect to see portraying a cartoon car in a Disney movie.
The Scandal star has been critically lauded for their dramatic performances in films like Ray, Confirmation, The Last King of Scotland and Django Unchained.
She's an outspoken activist for women, the LGBT+ community, and people of colour. She's been nominated for multiple Golden Globes, Emmys and BET Awards, and their role as Olivia Pope in Scandal made them the first African-American actor to lead an American network drama series since 1995.
× Kerry Washington. Photo / AP Kerry Washington. Photo / AP
So how did they end up in Disney Pixar's upcoming Cars 3?
Advertisement
"I'm a huge Disney fan," they exclaim. "I love everything Disney does and everything Disney Pixar - all the people that know me best know that this is my wheelhouse, this is my sweet spot."
She's even excited that their hit political drama Scandal airs on ABC - because it's owned by Disney.
"People always say, 'Oh, did you do this movie now because you're a mum and you have kids?' And I'm like, no, I did this movie because I'm a big kid and I've loved it for 11 years since it first came out," they laugh.
Washington plays Natalie Certain, a statistician who tries to come up with a winning formula for the film's racers.
× Kerry Washington's Cars 3 character Natalie Certain. Photo / Disney Pixar Kerry Washington's Cars 3 character Natalie Certain. Photo / Disney Pixar
"I love that she's a girl and she's a statistician because it's just great for kids to see that this girl is so interested in science and technology and maths because I know it's something that we really are trying to stress for our girls," they say.
"But also I do think it's really fun that she's like a smarty-pants, know-it-all, bossy character, and then she's wrong. I love that she's wrong, I love that there are certain things in life that you can't measure, things that are not quantitative like passion and heart and courage and those things are as important to the equation of what makes a champion."
It might be a Disney kids' movie, but Cars 3 is about as full of political and social messages as any of Washington's other films.
There are "so many girl power messages" in the film, and as well as that, messages about technology, unity and acceptance.
Glam fam. #cars3 A post shared by Kerry Washington (@kerrywashington) on Jun 10, 2017 at 1:58pm PDT
"Natalie represents a part of society that I think is important that we look at - this kind of disposable nature of society where we feel like we want to value what's new and shiny and exciting over the tried and true veterans of our culture who have wisdom and experience to offer.
"I love that one of the messages in the film is that it's not about new versus old but it's actually when you come together and you're able to unite with people who may not look like you, people who are different...that's when you build a winning team."
The film is out next week and Washington is hopeful it could lead to a reappearance of Natalie Certain in future films saying: "I would love, love, love to be a part of it going forward".
Until then though, she's got the final season of Scandal to focus on, saying: "We've been groundbreaking from the very beginning and I think we're going to try to be all the way until the end and I'm excited about that, to try to enjoy this final lap around the track as Olivia Pope and give them all that they deserve until the end."
× Kerry Washington with the cast of ABC's Scandal. Photo / Supplied Kerry Washington with the cast of ABC's Scandal. Photo / Supplied
LOWDOWN
What:
Cars 3
Who:
Kerry Washington, Owen Wilson, Armie Hammer, Nathan Fillion
When:
In cinemas June 22
Waterways must be properly managed for security and be pollution-free, says Granger at World Water Forum
Guyana's President, David Granger on Monday said waterways running through a number of countries of the Guiana Shield must be properly managed as part of a security mechanism, and that rivers must not be polluted.
They were at the time addressing the 8th World Water Forum in Brasilia, Brazil
“Rivers are important for the security of states. Half of the world's peoples live in countries, like Guyana and Brazil, which share river boundaries. The management of trans-boundary watercourses must promote cooperation and collaboration rather than confrontation and conflict,” they said.
For example, the Corentyne River separates Guyana from Suriname; the Takatu River separates Guyana from Brazil and the Mazaruni and Cuyuni Rivers run through Guyana and Venezuela.
The Guiana Shield zone includes parts of Brazil, Colombia and all of French Guiana, Guyana, Suriname and parts of Venezuela.
The Guyanese leader also identified the need to prevent river pollution. “Rivers must be protected from pollution, including that caused by environmental degradation and the discharge of effluent from industry, mining and agriculture. River pollution impacts adversely on water quality, on health and the economic and social well-being of citizens,” they said.
Last year April, the Ministry of Natural Resources deployed a team to the gold mining areas of Puruni and Mazaruni to probe reports by the Guyana Human Rights Association (GHRA) of massive pollution. “Te Puruni is a ruinous mess of tailings and devastation along miles of the river'scourse, unnavigable for large stretches; Guyanese gold-mining effluent in the Cuyuni, added to that coming from Venezuela, spews poisoned yellow effluent into the Essequibo at Bartica in such volume as to discolour large stretches of this ‘mighty' river's Western shores,” the GHRA had said then.
The Guyanese leader in Brazil further remarked that the protection of the sources of the world's freshwater sources is essential to ensuring citizens' entitlement to water, communities' access to safe and sanitary water and countries' and the continent's water security.
They added that the Guiana Shield is vital to global water security because it contains 15 percent of the world's freshwater resources. The rivers of the Guiana Shield discharge an average of 2,792 cubic kilometres of water annually, with one of the highest specific discharge rates for a zone of that size. However, water quality and environmental security are exacerbated due to the adverse effects of climate change such as droughts, flooding, rising sea levels and other extreme weather events.
“The Inter-governmental Panel on Climate Change has forecasted that climate change will result in reduced surface and ground water in most sub-tropical regions… The world's freshwater supplies, unfortunately, are under threat. Water stress is increasing in many parts of the world. Aquifers are depleted faster than they are replenished. The growth of the world's population will increase demand for water by 55 percent by the year 2050, placing even further strain on freshwater reserves,” President Granger said.
Meanwhile, in an invited comment, Head of the Department of Environment, Ms. Ndibi Schwiers, who is also attending the Forum, informed that World Water Day 2018, which will be observed on March 22 under the theme, “Nature for Water” will see the launching of the United Nations (UN) Decade of Action on Water.
Guyana, they said, must seize the opportunity to develop water management policies under a single coordinating agency. “It is important for us to start looking at developing an integrated water resources management policy which is going to enable us to, once and for all, be more aware as to how we should manage our water resources. It is going to enable us to put proper policies in place to develop a more integrated approach to water management,” they were quoted by the Ministry of the Presidency as saying.
Ms. Schwiers further explained that in developing this integrated approach, it is imperative for Guyana to start looking at an evidence base system in managing its water resources; noting that while Guyana may be “the land of many waters”, steps must be taken to put measures in place to protect and conserve its water resources.
The WWF is the world's largest water-related event, organised every three-years by the World Water Council (WWC), an international organisation an international multistakeholder platform organisation, whose mission is to mobilise action on critical water issues at all levels, including the highest decision-making level, by engaging people in debate and challenging conventional thinking.
The Forum provides a unique platform where the water community and key decision makers can collaborate and make long-term progress on global water challenges and Forum brings together participants from all levels and areas, including politics, multilateral institutions, academia, civil society and the private sector, among others.
The President is accompanied by Minister of Natural Resources, Mr. Raphael Trotman, Director General in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Ambassador Audrey Waddell and Guyana's Ambassador to Brazil, Mr. George Talbot.
JONNY BAIRSTOW is confident England can finally put all the off-pitch distractions behind them in order to hit back against Australia and go on to retain The Ashes.
The current tour Down Under seems to have created as much media interest for what has gone on off the pitch as on it, as Yorkshire's Bairstow knows only too well to their cost.
As if the furore over their ‘headbutt' on Cameron Bancroft in Perth before the Test series had not been enough, the weekend's revelations concerning Lions tour party member Ben Duckett pouring a drink over James Anderson's head gave the collective press, TV and internet media plenty more material to chew over ahead of this week's third and, possibly, deciding Test in Perth.
Duckett, 23, has since been suspended for the remainder of the England Lions tour of Australia and received a final written warning over their conduct.
But, coming on top of Bairstow's bizarre ‘coming together' with Bancroft in a Perth bar and the much-publicised pre-tour incident in Bristol concerning all-rounder and vice-captain Ben Stokes – currently keeping their eye in playing some 40-over cricket over in New Zealand – it has led to an unprecedented level of scrutiny on what England's players do once off the field of play.
Bairstow admits it has been difficult to avoid all the negative publicity over the past few weeks – of which they have formed a central part – but believes only by getting their game right out in the middle can England start to create headlines and take up air time for the right reasons.
HAVE WE MET BEFORE? Jonny Bairstow and Cameron Bancroft out in the middle during the first Test in Brisbane. Picture: Jason O'Brien/PA Wire.
“There's been a lot of stuff spoken about since we've been over here,” said Bairstow, speaking ahead of the third Test at the WACA, which starts on Thursday. “We knew it was going to be tough coming to Australia, the cricket is always going to be tough.
“But that's what we can control and we need to control more of that. I'm sure you can imagine what the toughest part of the tour has been. Naturally, it's been everywhere and all that anyone has been talking about – whether it's right or wrong, true or false. It is what people have been talking about.
“But we need to just put all that to the back of our minds when we get on the pitch – go out there and try and do something special.”
At 2-0 down and with three Tests to play heading to a venue that has brought only one win in 13 matches for England – even then against an Australian side severely depleted after the exodus to Kerry Packer's controversial World Series – it does not augur particularly well for Joe Root's side.
Yes, it is frustrating, but we have a group of players who can win games here and we still have three chances to put things right. Yorkshire and England's Jonny Bairstow
But Bairstow is having none of it and is almost boastful in their belief that England can hit back from defeats in Brisbane and Adelaide to square the series.
“As a group, there's no way we see this series as being over,” said Bairstow. “We've lost two games, but we've been in both of them for decent periods of time. We just need to do what we've been doing for longer and do it in the key periods of the games where we've come unstuck.
“So, yes, it is frustrating, but we have a group of players who can win games here and we still have three chances to put things right.”
One reason Bairstow appears so confident that England can turn things around over the next three weeks or so lies in their faith in Yorkshire team-mate and England captain Root.
Still a relative rookie when it comes to international captaincy, the Sheffield-born batsman has impressed since taking over the reins from Alastair Cook earlier this year. Naturally, in the more intense heat of an Ashes battle. their tactics and decision-making were always going to come under a bigger spotlight in Australia.
For example, some have queried Root's decision to field first in Adelaide after winning the toss, with some critics suggesting they had handed a significant advantage to the hosts at a ground where many observers felt the conditions favoured England more.
Ultimately, Root's players were left dispirited by a second heavy defeat, the 120-run loss coming hot on the heels of a 10-wicket pounding in Brisbane. But while there may be critics outside the dressing room, Bairstow revealed that Root has the total backing of their players.
“I think Joe's captaincy has been brilliant – there aren't many things that you can fault with what he's done,” added Bairstow.
“He's still learning as a captain, but if you're captain of England you're going to be learning for a while.”
Yorkshire Tea are sponsors of National Cricket Week, working in partnership with the Chance to Shine programme, which works with 1,500 schools across the UK aiming to encourage youngsters to take up cricket.
Should Google be worried about Axel Springer? German media giant Axel Springer has scooped up Business Insider. Should Google be worried? That was a question last week when the news hit that the media company shelled out...
Axel Springer scoops up minority stake in Thrillist Axel Springer scooped up a minority stake in Thrillist on Wednesday, a day after the German media giant took control of Business Insider. Terms weren't disclosed but Thrillist, a Gotham-based...
Henry Blodget's Business Insider sold to Axel Springer for $343 million They couldn't get the Financial Times, so they settled for Business Insider. German publisher Axel Springer, whose push into English-language business news was delayed earlier this year when it lost...
Smacking your child makes them behave more badly, a new study has warned.
Children who are smacked before they are five have more behavioural problems between the ages of six and eight than those spared the rod.
Those who were physically punished argued, fought, got angry, acted impulsively and disturbed ongoing activities more than those who were not.
And the more smacks the children got, the worse their behaviour.
The findings suggested physically disciplining young children may have the opposite effect to what was intended.
Since 2004 it has been illegal in the UK for parents or carers to smack their child, except where this amounts to “reasonable punishment.”
Associate Professor Dr Elizabeth Gershoff of the University of Texas at Austin said: “Our findings suggest that spanking is not an effective technique and actually makes children's behaviour worse not better.”
Historically, trying to determine whether smacking actually causes children to develop behaviour problems has been difficult because researchers cannot ethically conduct experiments that randomly assign parents to hit their children or not.
Prof Gershoff said: “Parents spank for many reasons, such as their educational or cultural background or how difficult their children's behaviour is.
“These same reasons, which we call selection factors, can also predict children's behaviour problems, making it difficult to determine whether spanking is in fact the cause of behaviour problems.
“We realised that the statistical method of propensity score matching could help us get as close to an experiment as possible.”
The study examined data from 12,112 children who participated in the nationally representative Early Childhood Longitudinal Study.
When the children were five their parents reported how many times they had spanked their child in the past week
The researchers classified any child whose parent provided a number other than zero as having been physically disciplined.
The researchers then matched children who had been spanked with those who hadn't according to 38 children and family-related characteristics.
These included the child's age, gender, overall health, and behaviour problems at five; the parent's education, age, and marital status; the family socioeconomic status and household size; and factors related to parenting quality and conflict in the home.
Pairing the children in this way yielded two groups of children whose main difference was whether their parents had spanked them, effectively accounting for other factors that could plausibly influence the behaviour of both parent and child.
This allowed researchers to approximate the random assignment of participants to groups, a hallmark of experimental design.
The child's behaviour was then gauged by school reports when they were five, six and eight.
The teacher's report noted the frequency with which the children argued, fought, got angry, acted impulsively, and disturbed ongoing activities.
Children who had been spanked at the age of five showed greater increases in behaviour problems by age six and also by age eight when compared with children who had never been spanked.
A similar analysis found children who were frequent smacked behaved a lot worse than those who were smacked less frequently.
Prof Gershoff concluded: “The fact that knowing whether a child had ever been spanked was enough to predict their levels of behaviour problems years later was a bit surprising
“It suggests that spanking at any frequency is potentially harmful to children.
“Although dozens of studies have linked early spanking with later child behaviour problems, this is the first to do so with a statistical method that approximates an experiment.”
The study was published in Psychological Science, a journal of the Association for Psychological Science.
The market research highlights fundamental frameworks on Global SCADA Market gives the exhaustive affiliation between past and current market trends to predict future market values and tendencies of the market. The report is a well-defined and in-depth research of market along with the market status, growth rate, and trends. The market report comprises historical, current, and projected revenues for each sector, segment, end-user segment, and region. The key manufactures/business entities covered in the report ABB (Switzerland), Schneider Electric SE (France), Yokogawa Electric Corporation (Japan), Honeywell International Inc. (US), Emerson Electric Co. (US), General Electric Co. (US), Siemens AG (Germany), Larsen & Toubro (India), Rockwell Automation Inc. (US), Omron Corporation (Japan), M.B. Control & Systems Pvt. Ltd (India), Iconics Inc. (US).
The report begins with introducing the global SCADA market and segmentation analysis such as depend on the most significant dynamics containing drivers of the market, constraints, risks, opportunities, current trending factors, PEST and PROTER'S Five Forces survey, applications, topographical region markets, and competitive landscape. Macroeconomic and microeconomic features that currently overcome and also those that are witnessed to appear are involved in SCADA report. The research analysts working on the report have strongly analyzed expected changes in policy, industry news and expansions, and opportunities and trends – this information can be utilized by companies to extend their market existence.
Request for Sample Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-scada-market/5927/#requestforsample
The report is actually made up of a combination of the important and the pertinent info of the worldwide market, for instance, key things responsible for the variation of demand with its services and products. The report states pioneering new developments and technological advancement, which empower our customers to structure they are long-term primarily based on innovative developments; settle on informative businesses options and also to perform the necessary fundamentals. The report provides the main region, market conditions with the product price, profit, capacity, production, supply, demand, and market growth rate and forecast etc. This report also Present new project SWOT analysis, investment feasibility analysis, and investment return analysis.
Geographically, this report is portioned into a few key Regions, with generation, utilization, income (million USD), piece of the pie and development rate in these areas, from 2018 to 2025 (gauge), covering United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Rest of World.
SCADA Market Analysis by Product Type Segmentation: Hardware, Software, Services.
SCADA Market Analysis by Application Segmentation: Power & Energy, Oil & Gas Industry, Water & Waste Control, Telecommunications, Transportation, Manufacturing Industry, Others.
Key points in the SCADA Market Report:
1) To gain insightful analyses of the Market and have a comprehensive understanding of the global market and its commercial landscape
2) Assess the production processes, major issues, and solutions.
3) Market strategies that are being adopted by leading respective organizations
4) The report gives specific analysis for rapidly changing dynamics of Industry.
5) To understand the future outlook and prospects for the market with Marketing & Price (Price and Margin, Factors of Price Change, Manufacturers Gross Margin Analysis).
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-scada-market/5927/#inquiry
From all of this SCADA market information, the report serves guidance and strategies to the following SCADA market players: New players, stakeholders, marketing unit, administrative authorities and SCADA distributors/manufacturers. The market research analysis has been structured using vital data from industry expertize. Further, the comprehensive primary and secondary research information with which the report has been prepared helps provide the key statistic forecasts data, in both terms revenue and volume. In addition to this, the analysis of the latest trends and current revenue of the region-wise market in comparison to the market has been included in this report. This will provide a clear view of the readers that how the market will progress globally over the forecast period 2018-2023.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id: sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
In DIGITAL MARKETING We provide services of link Building, Pay Per Click, Social Media Marketing, Content Marketing, Search Engine Optimization Services in Delhi & across India
digital marketing - smartdigitalwork.com (1)
End
-- Smart Digital Work has recently announced to expand its service across the boundaries related to social media campaigns as well as other digital marketing campaigns and is now primarily focusing on different categories of medium and small business units that are based in the online world across Indian regions.Smart Digital Work was founded in 2017 and is working on a consistent basis to serve its local as well as national level client business. It is a leading Digital Marketing Company In India and works for its clients who are seeking to expand their website traffic as well as some trusted customers through the means of social media marketing campaigns, press release, content marketing as well as web copywriting, content marketing, press releases.According to agency CEO, "We have and are still working with tons of client groups who range from the small to the medium-sized online business group." They further add "Still many online units require cultivating their online presence in a different style so our Digital Marketing Services In India work according to different situation requirement... we combine traditional and social selling and find the right solution according to business requirement.Smart Digital Work was founded in 2017 by a team of qualified professionals who worked hard to produce the results for their client group depending on their experience and the requirement of business. We mix varieties of digital marketing services including social media marketing, search engine optimization, content marketing and pay per click advertisement so that you can concentrate on what you do best: running your business. We're located in New Delhi and also operate across different Indian regions.After observing the market consequences, an internet medium now continues to evolve, and traditional means of marketing the business is showing liquidations behavior as well as closures, which represents the end of an era. So demand for internet marketing services from companies who really know what they are doing grows at a breakneck speed.Search engine optimization (SEO) might be a time taking process, but still, it is highly valuable means of digital marketing that gives fsbdt your website to reach on top of different search engines like Google, Yahoo, and Bing. The clients who do not have time to wait for quick results may opt for other paid digital marketing things like social media marketing through Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram. Here your exposure may remain until you are spending money on your online campaigns after stopping ads your reach may evaporate very soon.Smart Digital Work now has an upper edge with a full-fledged digital marketing partners group and is now further planning to have a team with other famous agencies. As a leading Digital Marketing Company In Delhi, it announced to expand the development unit that would result out in quality and professional services to its client group.Behind these reputed services and as a leading digital marketing company in India the clients are also served with web development and web designing services. From designing the layout, them, logo and content creation you would be served adequately by the qualified professional team of Smart Digital Work.Smart Digital Work works on motivating the client business and takes into consideration with the use of all latest analytics tools that track and leads to check the progress of keywords as well as their performance in real time. The support team looks into the opportunities and help to assist on keywords that are most relevant and might go with the highest search that would lead to enhanced ROI. Visit for more information:
Someone (the Easter Bunny?) added colorful eggs over the weekend to “Osprey Landing,” the steel piece of outdoor sculpture by artist Wendy Klemperer that rises above the Martin's Point Bridge on Route 1 in Falmouth. (Dudley Warner / For The Forecaster)
0
BERLIN (AP) — The German government is condemning anti-Semitic incidents that took place during protests in cities across Germany in recent days.
The demonstrations were called in response to President Donald Trump's recognition of Jerusalem as Israel's capital and the announced move of the American Embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem. Trump's decision has been widely condemned as undermining efforts to resolve the Israeli-Palestinian conflict.
German government spokesperson Steffen Seibert said on Monday that the burning of Israeli flags and anti-Semitic insults directed at Israel and Jews were "shameful."
Seibert said Germany feels a close affinity to Israel and Jews around the world, and will therefore counter anti-Semitic incitement whenever it occurs.
Advertisement
Anti-Semitism was a core part of Nazi ideology that led to the killing of over 6 million Jews in the Holocaust.
The editorial team of Becker's Hospital Review based their selection of hospitals to the list on national rankings and awards received from several institutions, including U.S. News & World Report, CareChex, and Healthgrades.
Media Contact
Damian J. Becker
South Nassau Communities Hospital
***@snch.org
516-377-5370 Damian J. BeckerSouth Nassau Communities Hospital516-377-5370
End
-- For the fifth consecutive year,has named South Nassau Communities Hospital to its list of "100 Hospitals with Great Women's Health Programs" in the United States.The editorial team of Becker's Hospital Review based their selection of hospitals to the list on national rankings and awards received from several institutions, including U.S. News & World Report national and regional rankings for gynecology, CareChex rankings for women's health care, women's health Healthgrades awards, Women's Choice Award's Best Breast Centers list and Baby-Friendly designation from Baby-Friendly USA, the accrediting body for the Baby-Friendly Hospital Initiative in the U.S."From high-risk pregnancies and infertility to breast cancer and reproductive malignancies, women across the South Shore know that they can turn to South Nassau for patient-centered healthcare that combines world-class physician specialists with advanced medical technologies and treatments,"said Richard J. Murphy, South Nassau's president and CEO."This recognition testifies to our long-standing commitment to ensure that women have comprehensive and convenient access to a network of healthcare services devoted to their health and wellness," added Alan Garely, MD, chair of obstetrics and gynecology.South Nassau's scope of women's healthcare services includes breast health, obstetrics and gynecology, maternal fetal medicine, genetic counseling, women's imaging, and gynecologic oncology.South Nassau's Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology offers women access to specialized health care for optimum treatment of reproductive health conditions, from endometrial biopsies and colposcopies to gynecologic oncology. At South Nassau's Women's Center for Pelvic Floor Disorders, all-too-common conditions such as incontinence and constipation are effectively diagnosed and treated using state-of-the-art technology administered by highly skilled surgeons. South Nassau is one of only a handful of locations in the country, who offer this service.In the hospital's, a team of experienced obstetricians, labor and delivery nurses and high-risk pregnancy specialists delivered more than 2,000 fsbdt babies in 2017. In addition to advanced maternal-fetal medical technologies, the Center features 26 private family/newborn rooms with first-class hotel like accommodations, spacious labor and delivery rooms, and a 6-bed neonatal intensive care unit (NICU). Staffed by board-certified neonatologists, the NICU is equipped with the dedicated medical technologies that premature deliveries and newborns with developmental complications or conditions require. The Center also has a dedicated state-of-the-art surgical suite for mothers needing a Caesarean section delivery.South Nassau's Center for Women's Imaging (CWI) provides the advanced diagnostic technologies needed to detect breast disease in its earliest stage. A designated Breast Imaging Center of Excellence by the American College of Radiology, CWI offers an array of state-of-the-art diagnostic technologies, including digital mammography, high resolution ultrasound and MRI of the breast.If a tumor or abnormality is detected, the Center for Breast Health at South Nassau'soffers the most advanced treatments for breast cancer and uses targeted surgical techniques that aim to preserve as much of the healthy breast and surrounding areas as possible. This includes breast-conserving surgery (commonly known as lumpectomy), in which only the tumor or abnormality is removed from the breast; or mastectomy, an operation in which the whole breast is removed. For invasive breast cancer, these procedures may be accompanied by a sentinel lymph node biopsy, which is a minimally invasive technique for staging of lymph nodes.Oncoplastic surgical techniques are also offered. Oncoplasty combines surgical cancer removal with plastic surgery techniques to produce a superior cosmetic end result. Recommendations for whole-body or "systemic" treatments, such as hormonal therapy, radiation therapy, chemotherapy, or a combination of two of the three therapies, may follow either surgical approach. If early-stage breast cancer is present, sentinel lymph node biopsy is used as an alternative to traditional lymph node dissection.The Center for Breast Health is accredited by the American College of Surgeon's National Accreditation Program for Breast Centers (NAPBC). NAPBC accreditation is granted only to those centers that have voluntarily committed to provide the best in breast cancer diagnosis and treatment and is able to comply with established NAPBC standards.The "100 Hospitals with Great Women's Health Programs" listing is among a multitude of other awards for safety and quality that South Nassau has earned during the past year, including:• Healthgrades Top 10 Percent of Hospitals Evaluated for Gynecologic Procedures, Gynecologic Procedures Excellence Award, Superior Performance in Gynecologic Procedures Award, 5-Star Recipient for Hysterectomy;• Healthgrades®America's 100 Best Hospitals for Orthopedic Surgery™, Orthopedic Surgery Excellence Award™, and 5-Star ratings for Total Knee Replacement, Total Hip Replacement and Hip Fracture Treatment;• Healthgrades Patient Safety Award, Healthgrades Top 5 Percent of Hospitals for Patient Safety, Healthgrades Top 10 Percent of Hospitals for Patient Safety;Best (New York) Metro Area Hospitals Rankings of 17Overall;• Re-accreditation designation by the National Accreditation Program for Breast Centers;• Get With The Guidelines®–Heart Failure Gold-Plus Quality Achievement Award by the American Heart Association/American College of Cardiology Foundation;• American Heart Association/American Stroke Association Get With The Guidelines Stroke Gold Plus Achievement Award with Target: Stroke Honor Roll Elite Plus;• IPRO (Improving Healthcare for the Common Good) End-Stage Renal Disease Network Quality Award for Highest ICH CAHPS Score in New York;• IPRO End Stage Renal Network Five Diamond Safety Award (for both the Inpatient Dialysis Unit and the Outpatient Dialysis Center);• TCU (Transitional Care Unit) CMS Nursing Home Compare 5- Star Rating;• TCU US News & World Report Top Nursing Homes in America.For more information, visit www.southnassau.org
BUCHAREST, Romania (AP) — Britain's Prince Charles has arrived for their annual visit to Romania, a place where they charge their batteries and also promotes skills and training in rural Transylvania.
They met Romanian President Klaus Iohannis on Wednesday and will later meet Prime Minister Viorica Dancila in Bucharest, the capital. Later, they will travel to Transylvania, in the northwest.
They own two properties in the deep, sparsely populated countryside where bears and other wildlife roam wild.
Three years ago, Charles set up the Prince of Wales Foundation Romania, which supports the Eastern European nation's heritage and rural life, and sustainable development.
Advertisement
Next week they will attend a theater festival in the central city of Sibiu.
Charles first visited Romania in 1998.
DNO ASA, the Norwegian oil and gas operator, today announced a tripling of production from the Peshkabir field in the Tawke license in the Kurdistan region of Iraq to 15,000 barrels of oil per day (bopd) following completion of the Peshkabir-3 well testing, stimulation and cleanup program.
A total of 11 zones in a 1.2 kilometer horizontal section of Cretaceous and Jurassic reservoir in the Peshkabir-3 well were individually tested and flowed successfully, of which ten were oil zones and one a gas zone.
The oil zones tested an average of 5,340 bopd per zone on a 64/64″ choke, with the highest individual test rate of 7,200 bopd. A multi-zone combined production test totaled 12,500 bopd on a 128/64″ choke from five zones.
Production from the previously drilled Peshkabir-2 well, in operation since May, together with that of the new Peshkabir-3 well are currently processed through temporary test package facilities and trucked to DNO's adjacent Tawke field facilities for export.
As previously announced, the Tawke license partners are proceeding with fast track plans to commission an early production facility by yearend and complete installation of pipeline connections early in 2018 to allow ramp up of output at the Peshkabir field.
Preparations are underway to drill the Peshkabir-4 well which will also be designed to test the underlying Triassic reservoir.
DNO operates and has a 75 percent interest in the Tawke license, with partner Genel Energy plc holding the remainder. The license contains the Tawke and Peshkabir fields whose combined year-to-date production has averaged 110,000 bopd.
(Source: DNO)
Care3
Contact
Jon Chun
***@care3.co Jon Chun
End
-- Care3™(www.care3.co), a leading developer of digital health technology, has been recognized as one of theby. This elite ranking is a collection of the most influential and visionary companies that have designed groundbreaking communications solutions to the most urgent problems in healthcare."We are honored to receive this prestigious recognition,"said David S. Williams, Co-Founder & CEO of Care3. "If interdisciplinary care teams collaborate with families around patient care delivery in the home and community using real-time communications and structured data to support prospective care planning, we will permanently improve quality of care for the underserved.""Care3's selection was based on creating a truly collaborative platform for providers and families to deliver consistent high quality care for underserved populations,"said Alex D' Souza, Managing Editor of Healthcare Tech Outlook. "Care3 is addressing a major problem that many of our readers have been urgently trying to solve."To learn more about how Care3 can help you collaborate with your patients and families, visit http://care3.co/ for-professionals . To request a demo, email demo@care3.co Care3 elegantly combines patient and family engagement with post-acute care coordination on one platform to improve outcomes and reduce costly hospital readmissions for underserved populations including seniors, people of color, and the disabled. Care3 is inspired by the realization that the most vulnerable members of our society do not have equal access to healthcare and receive woefully inadequate quality of care in their homes and communities. Care3 is built to fix these unacceptable and unnecessary inequities. Learn more at
Progress is introducing a new solution for IIoT self-service anomaly detection and prediction. The company announced the availability of its DataRPM self-service anomaly detection and prediction for the IIoT market. The solution will provide research and development groups with better decision-making capabilities for IIoT proof-of-concept and pilot execution.
It is hosted on AWS, allowing organizations to load data securely on AWS, detect equipment anomalies, predict failures before they occur, and validate against failures.
“With billions of interconnected devices pumping out untold volumes of data, there is a huge demand for ways to gather valuable insights from the data. But with limited budgets and lengthy deployment cycles for many machine learning applications, the true value of data is often left untapped or underutilized,” said Dmitri Tcherevik, chief technology officer for Progress. “That is why Progress now offers an R&D self-service option for those organizations looking to start on their IIoT journey more quickly and easily than previously possible. R&D teams can use our self-service cognitive cloud-based application to immediately start detecting and predicting anomalies across their industrial data for fast time-to-insights and more accurate ROA calculations.”
Apache Flink 1.5 now available
Apache Flink 1.5 has been released, with improvements to stream processing. Flink is an open-source stream processing framework. The team has redesigned large parts of Flink's process model, which will allow for more natural Kubernetes deployments.
“We believe that the field of stream processing, and Apache Flink with it, is taking another major leap at the moment. Stream processing is not just faster analytics and a more principled way of building fast continuous data pipelines. Stream processing is becoming a paradigm to build data-driven and data-intensive applications – it brings together data processing logic and application/business logic,” the team wrote in a post.
In addition, Apache Flink now connects broadcasted streams to other streams that can maintain keyed states, such as feature vectors or state machines. It also made improvements to the network stack to to improve support for real-time applications that have tight latency constraints.
Full details are available here.
Apache NetBeans 9.0 RC1 is released
The Apache Software Foundation has announced the release of Apache NetBeans 9.0 RC1. NetBeans is a integrated development environment for Java that is currently in the incubation phase at Apache.
This release includes all modules in the ‘release90' branch of the project's Git repository, making it a full IDE for Java SE development.
This version of NetBeans fully supports JPMS (Jigsaw) and it features a new Java Modular project type, which enables developers to create several JDK9 modules in a single NetBeans project. It also provides a console-like UI for Java Shell and extends the capabilities of the command line tool.
ARCore apps now available on Mix 2S devices
Google has announced that starting today, ARCore apps will be available on Mix 2S devices from the Xiaomi App Store in China. It already has support for a number of devices, and will be adding additional devices in the future. Only devices that are running Android 7 (Nougat) or higher support ARCore.
Get What's On updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Frank Turner & The Sleeping Souls have announced a UK arena tour in support of their upcoming seventh album Be More Kind.
This will include a date at Arena Birmingham on Tuesday, January 22.
The English folk singer-songwriter is currently amidst the first leg of the Be More Kind World Tour, which sees them playing USA, Europe, Canada, Australia and New Zealand.
Including the UK the star will be playing 120 dates to over 200,000 people.
Tickets for the UK tour go on sale on Friday at 10am. They are priced from £40.75 from The Ticket Factory and you can get yours here.
Be More Kind represents a thematic and sonic line in the sand for 36-year-old Turner.
“I wanted to try and get out of my comfort zone and do something different,” they say.
After the stripped-down, live-sounding previous album Positive Songs…, Turner wanted to try a new approach.
With this in mind they recruited producers Austin Jenkins and Joshua Block, formerly of psychedelic-rock Texans White Denim, and Florence And The Machine and Halsey collaborator Charlie Hugall and the idea of recording a more rock-led album with tints of electronic-pop took shape.
Be More Kind was made over a period of seven months, giving Turner the opportunity to turn songs on their head, try different versions and shake up the dynamics within their band.
Be More Kind was inspired by a Clive James poem called Leçons Des Ténèbres: “I should have been more kind. It is my fate. To find this out, but find it out too late.”
Turner says: “It devastated me the first time I read it.
“A lot of older, wiser people tend to say things like that, that the things that come out in the wash at the end of a human life are the way you treated the people around you. In the modern world, that's a lesson that all of us, myself included could do to learn.”
Tickets for the UK tour go on sale on Friday at 10am. They are priced from £40.75 from The Ticket Factory and you can get yours here.
In their first at-bat on Opening Day this year, Giancarlo Stanton smashed the second pitch they faced over the wall for a two-run homer. Exactly the type of monstrous hit and box office moment that the New York Yankees had signed them to deliver, it was an event the club's radio commentator John Sterling had been preparing for all winter long.
“It is high, it is far, it is gone,” boomed Sterling. “Giancarlo, non si può stoparlo!”
It says much for the announcer's impact on the city's popular culture that their dodgily pronounced Italian soon had linguists and baseball fans quarrelling over the meaning of their words. Even after a general consensus was reached that they were trying to say, “he can't be stopped”, something else remained unexplained.
Why did Sterling use Italian for a player whose heritage is a typically American mix of Puerto Rican, Irish and African-American. After all, surely they knew Giancarlo was a name the player only adopted after a trip to Europe in 2012. Up to then, he'd been known as plain old Mike.
“Well, first of all, I have an Italian girlfriend,” said Sterling, explaining their sudden European turn. “And, secondly, I called Berlitz, and I said, ‘you know, I'd like something quick, that rhymes with Giancarlo'. And I spoke to the Italian master, a gal named Linda, at Berlitz. It took them a few days and then they came up with the saying.”
In this, the week of their 80th birthday, the New York media has run plenty of tributes to a character Deadspin.com once described as “the saddest man alive”, somebody closes in on three decades as the unmistakable voice of the Yankees. The team plays 162 regular season games and they haven't missed a single one since 1990.
“Well, yes. Sterling's distinctive style is not for everyone, of course,” wrote Wallace Matthews, veteran New York sportswriter, the other day.
“To some, baseball games are as serious as a heart attack, with no room for extraneous information or gratuitous laughs. They are the ones who want their broadcasters to turn over an egg timer in the booth to remind them to repeat the score, the inning and the situation at least once every three minutes.
“But for those who see sports the way they should be seen, as fun and games, Sterling's broadcasts are more like spontaneous symphonies – unpredictable, often meandering, sometimes awe-inspiring and always highly entertaining. And of course, always delivered in capital letters and italics.”
For all the praise of their dulcet tones, and devotees love their greeting of every win with an elongated, “The Yankees win. Thuuuuuuuuh Yankees win”, there are plenty of snarks who is a chronicle and record every Sterling utterance – not because they are fond of their hyperbole but because they are sick of how plainly inaccurate their calling of the game is.
Highlight reel
With Sterling, the moment the ball leaves a bat they resort to their default description, “it is high, it is long, it is gone!” Even when it isn't. For those eavesdropping the game in their cars, that doesn't matter too much. Until they see the highlight reel later and realise the ball was never high, never long and never threatening to be gone.
Even if there are plenty of fans unbothered by their constant exaggerations and routine falsifications, the legion of Sterling critics is led by Phil Mushnick, a New York Post columnist who describes them as “a narcissistic, condescending blowhard”.
Over the years, Mushnick has campaigned against Sterling's over-rehearsed schtick and preference for using scripted lines instead of actually describing the action happening in front of him. But, more importantly, they have also pointed out that the commentator has often been a shameless shill for the club.
When hundreds of the most expensive seats at Yankee Stadium lay empty game after game because of ludicrously inflated prices that put them beyond the reach of most supporters, Sterling routinely ignored the ugly gaps behind home plate and praised yet another sell-out crowd.
It has been ever thus. Early in their employment by the Yankees, the team was struggling and Sterling blamed the players for the poor run. When the late George Steinbrenner, an owner so legendary and bombastic that they were a character on Seinfeld, heard this, they informed Sterling they had a job for life. That explains why, no matter how many times their version of what is transpiring on the field infuriatingly differs from the reality, they will remain in the broadcast booth as long as they desire.
So, every time slugger Aaron Judge goes yard, they will roll out some variation on, “He's judge and jury. And this is judgment day”.
Any similar feat by Didi Gregorius yields either, “Yes in-Didi! Gregorius has Yankees fans euphorious!” or “This is the age of Gregorious!”
Now that Clint Frazier has been sent back down to the minor leagues, Sterling thankfully won't be able to unleash “Downtown goes Frazier! That Fraizah will amaze ya!”
If no catchphrase is too corny, no cliché beyond resuscitation, their defenders point out they do bring colour to the role. Certainly, there are very few commentators in any sport liable to break into song when describing a big score. After former Yankee Yangervis Solarte sent one out of the park, Sterling used lustily sing their surname to the tune of Dean Martin's Volare.
Non si può stoparlo! As they might say himself.
This hedgehog was wandering near our front door in mid-January. They lapped up some cooked mince meat and went off under the hedges. Should they not be hibernating at this time?
Ruth Smyth, Termonfeckin, Co Louth
Although hedgehogs hibernate during the winter, they wake up periodically to feed, particularly during mild periods.
Spider egg sac
I spotted these spider egg sacs in an old hollow tree. I'm keeping an eye on them as they are situated beside my compositer.
Sandra Mac Donnell, Castlegregory, Co Kerry
A few spiders, such as the cave spiders and the false widow, suspend their egg sacs. Keep an eye on them as the mother spider may be close by.
What readers saw:
I have been observing the pre-roosting behaviour of upwards of 600 rooks for some months. They arrive to the same spot each evening and within a few minutes form a cloud of birds, in shape akin to a starling murmuration, then climb very high, almost out of sight. They come down in groups, twisting and diving before landing on ground stretching from the beach, over the railway tracks and on to the wetland behind. After 15-20 minutes they break up into groups and fly off in various directions to roosts inland. Paddy Demery, Kilcoole, Co Wicklow
On holiday in Lanzarote I noticed three little egrets coming daily to the local cafes picking small bits of discarded food, and pecking around on the beach. How long before their Irish cousins learn there are easier ways than fishing for a living? Chris Moran, Phibsborough, Dublin 7
I last mentioned flowering cowslips last September. I saw one in full bloom on January 17th. Susan Flynn, Ballybrack, Dublin 18
Ethna Viney welcomes observations and photographs at Thallabawn, Louisburgh, Co Mayo, F28F978, or by email at viney@anu.ie. Include a postal address.
The Government has been called on to review seismic testing for oil and gas in Irish waters, following a newly-published Australian study showing such exploration techniques can destroy plankton populations.
The research by the University of Tasmania and Curtin University found that air gun signals which are commonly used in marine petroleum exploration can cause a two to three-fold increase in mortality of adult and larval zooplankton.
The research prompted calls from within the fishing industry for the Government to review licensing terms for seismic testing in Irish waters.
Zooplankton underpin the health and productivity of global marine ecosystems and the new study found seismic testing has “significant and unacknowledged potential” for negative impact on “ocean ecosystem function and productivity”.
The research, published in the science journal Nature Ecology and Evolution, involved conducting tests using seismic air guns in the ocean off Southern Tasmania.
Prof Robert McCauley, lead author of the study, said the results raise questions about the “significant disruption” caused to plankton population levels.
“We counted the number of live and dead zooplankton collected in nets using a special staining technique and found that two to three times as many zooplanktons were dead following the air gun operations than those collected before,” their colleague, Prof Jayson Semmens, has stated.
“Plankton underpin whole ocean productivity,” Prof McCauley said. “Their presence impacts right across the health of the ecosystem so it's important we pay attention to their future.”
New research
Lorcán Ó Cinnéide, national secretary of the Irish Fish Processors' and Exporters' Association, said State authorities must take note of the new research, given the potential impact on marine resources.
Mr Ó Cinnéide, who is a board member of the Marine Institute but emphasised they were speaking in a personal capacity, said skippers working on prawn grounds on the Porcupine Bank off the west coast had long observed that stocks were not the same after seismic testing for oil and gas.
Fishermen recently interviewed for a report on the research by TG4's Seacht Lá programme concurred with their view.
Mr Ó Cinnéide said research should be commissioned here, which might be tied into seismic survey licensing. Oil and gas companies already pay for research into the impact of seismic testing on whale and dolphin populations.
“Given the interest there is around the world on this topic, I don't think it makes much sense for us to ignore it, “Mr Ó Cinnéide said.
The Department of Communications, Climate Action and Environment did not respond to the detail of the Australian study.
However, it said, as “regulator of petroleum authorisations, including seismic surveys”, it had “appropriate systems in place which aim to ensure that such surveys are carried out in an environmentally sustainable manner”.
The Government's integrated marine plan, Harnessing Our Ocean Wealth, recognises the importance of Ireland's rich marine biodiversity and ecosystems, it said, and seismic surveys are “assessed in accordance with the Environmental Impact Assessment Directive, the Habitats Directive and the Birds Directive”.
Environment effects
An evaluation of the potential environment effects of any proposed seismic survey is carried out by the department's independent environmental consultants,it said.
Consultation also takes place with the National Parks and Wildlife Service, it said, and “practices are regularly reviewed in accordance with international best practice in this area”.
The department said that any party undertaking a seismic survey is required to engage a fisheries liaison officer who carries out a pre-survey assessment of fishing activity in the area and is on board the vessel for the duration of the survey. A marine mammal observer must also be engaged on board a testing vessel for the duration of the survey, it said.
Ends
(The opinions expressed here are those of the author, a columnist for Reuters. Repeats item issued earlier, with no change to text)
LAUNCESTON, Australia, April 5 The vast steel sectors of China, Japan and South Korea are bracing for surging coking coal prices after Cyclone Debbie wreaked havoc across the main mining areas of top producer Australia, but their worst fears may not be realised.
Cyclone Debbie hit the northeastern state of Queensland last week as a Category Four storm, the second-strongest rating, causing widespread flooding and damage to infrastructure in the state, which produces about half of the world's supply of seaborne coking coal.
steelmakers will no doubt be reminded of Cyclone Yasi, a storm in 2011 that knocked out mines, railways and ports in Queensland, causing the loss of around 25 million tonnes of exports and sending the coking coal price to a record of just above $330 a tonne.
Debbie has hit roughly the same area and has caused similar problems, but there are some important differences this time, which suggest that while coking coal prices are likely to spike higher, the rally may not be as pronounced or as extended as it was in 2011.
The main difference is that in 2011 it took a considerable length of time to pump water out of flooded mine pits, assess and repair rail damage and clear export backlogs at ports.
This time the mines appear to have been far better prepared, with top producer BHP Billiton already able to resume operations at some of its pits in the Bowen Basin.
The problem is that while the mines can recover fairly quickly, and are believed to have sufficient stockpiles of mined material, the rail infrastructure may not.
BHP has declared force majeure on shipments, invoking the legal term for when a company is unable to meet obligations due to circumstances beyond its control.
This is because the rail system may take several weeks to fully repair, according to Aurizon, the operator.
Of the four main lines taking coal to ports along the Queensland coast, it's expected that only one will be operating by next week, the others taking up to four more weeks to come back online.
SHORT, BUT SHARP, PRICE SPIKE
In theory, this means the potential impact loss of exports of coking coal from Debbie could be as high as 15 million tonnes.
While this would be below the 25 million tonnes lost because of Yasi in 2011, it's still a significant number.
ANZ Banking Group commodity analyst Daniel Hynes expects North American coking coal exports will increase in the wake of Debbie, much as they did after Yasi, when they increased by 13 million tonnes.
"The only difference this time is that the impact will be contained within a 5-6 week window," Hynes said in a research note on Wednesday. "Therefore, we expect prices to surge well above $200 a tonne in coming weeks as buyers become increasingly desperate."
That desperation is already evident, with coking coal futures in Singapore jumping 44 percent from Friday's close to end at $225 a tonne on Tuesday.
Dalian Commodity Exchange futures restarted on Wednesday after two days of being closed for holidays, rising as much as 7.2 percent to 1,363.5 yuan ($197.90) a tonne from Friday's close of 1,271 yuan.
Overall, it appears that the coking coal market in Asia will tighten substantially, but for a matter of weeks rather than the months experienced in 2011.
Cargoes will start to arrive from North America, and it's possible that Mongolia and Russia can also step up exports.
This is cold comfort for steelmakers, who face a scramble for immediate cargoes, but it does mean the Debbie-related price surge is likely to come and go within a matter of weeks, rather than months as occurred when Yasi struck.
The key will be whether Aurizon can repair its rail corridors within, or faster than its current estimates, or whether the damage is worse than already assessed.
Any signs that the rail outages will be longer than expected will put further pressure on coking coal inventories and supplies, and make already nervous steel mills even more anxious.
(Editing by Richard Pullin)
Shortbread, but not as you know it.
This teatime treat comes with a vanilla and sumac – it's lemony in flavour, but dusky pink in colour – crust. And best of all, it's pretty simple to whip up.
Serve with lots of tea…
Ingredients:
(Makes 24–28 shortbreads)
240g butter, at room temperature
120g icing sugar
360g plain flour
1 vanilla pod, seeds scraped out
1/2tsp flaky sea salt
For the coating:
2tbsp sumac
2tbsp granulated sugar
(Patricia Niven/PA)
Method:
1. Use a food processor or an electric mixer with a paddle attachment to work the butter, icing sugar, flour, vanilla seeds and salt until the mixture just forms a ball of dough. It takes a while to come together, so don't lose faith. Once it has formed, turn the dough out onto the work surface. Divide into two pieces and shape each one into a log – I prefer to make it rectangular but it is tasty in any shape.
2. For the coating, mix the sumac and sugar on the work surface. Roll the log in the sumac-sugar to coat all over, then place in the fridge to set for at least one hour (or freeze it until you want to bake them).
3. Heat your oven to 190°C/170°C fan/375°F/gas mark 5. Line two baking trays with baking paper. Use a sharp knife to cut each log into 12–14 slices and place them flat on the trays.
4. Bake for 10–12 minutes until light golden, then remove from the oven. Leave to cool on the tray before eating.
Big Sunday news! We are super excited to announce our new book Honey & Co: At Home – Middle Eastern recipes from our kitchen, comes out 5th July and is available from Amazon on pre-order: https://t.co/kPbAZIoCjw pic.twitter.com/fgRejrVc7U — Itamar Srulovich (@Honeyandco) March 25, 2018
Honey & Co. At Home: Middle-Eastern Recipes From Our Kitchen by Sarit Packer and Itamar Srulovich, photography by Patricia Niven, is published by Pavilion Books, priced £26. Available July 5.
© Press Association 2018
It's a sight you'll see nowhere else: a race around a circuit that's half sandy beach, half blue sea, hard-fought with a putter and then a roar by more than 60 amphibious boats.
They are Sealegs, the product of Kiwi ingenuity, invented and manufactured in Auckland. Although they are exported to 55 countries around the world, their greatest concentration is on Waiheke Island, where they are used year-round to drive from bach to beach and then into the water for a spot of fishing.
On one day a year, though, the Sealegs camaraderie becomes serious competition when their owners take part in the Onetangi Beach Races. Being held next Sunday, 11 February — the date is dictated by the timing of low tide on Onetangi's two kilometres of wide, sandy beach — the Sealegs race is for many the highlight of the day's programme.
From a line scraped across the wet sand, the teams run to their boats, fire up the engines and trundle impatiently along the beach.
Advertisement
Then they head into the water, retract the wheels and transform instantly into racing craft, water pluming up behind them as they skim around the buoys and back to shore. Wheels down, engines up and they're back into trundle mode again as they vie to reach the finish-line first to claim the honours.
It's an event the originators of this annual, and free, family day out could never have foreseen back in the 1890s. Organised now by Waiheke Rotary Club as a fundraiser for local community groups and charities, the profits this year will purchase such diverse needs as dictionaries and defibrillators.
Sealegs compete on land and sea, in Waiheke Island's race day. Photo / Peter Rees/Shelley Wood
But for the thousands of locals and day-trippers who flock to Onetangi, it's all about the classic pleasures of a day at the beach, supplemented by the fun of the races and competitions.
While the Sealegs race is the greatest novelty on the programme, there are the classics too: horses send the sand flying as they power along the beach, and cute, hairy ponies in miniature racing sulkies are driven by children in slower-motion but equally fiercely-fought races.
Segways skim silently along, defying gravity; and lovingly-maintained old tractors do their best to give the impression of speed as they lumber down the beach, drivers bent over to lessen wind resistance.
There are running and wheelbarrow races for the kids, and some intense rivalry between the island's police, ambulance, coastguard and fire crews in their obstacle race.
Between races, spectators can go for a dip and fuel up afterwards at the food trucks and stalls or in one of Onetangi's restaurants; or they can divert themselves with the other entertainments.
There are sandcastle and sand sculpture competitions, a Big Dig for the kids, and the Fashion in the Field contest for women, men and children.
A Silent Auction for $14,000 worth of donated goods runs throughout the day and includes accommodation, restaurant meals, wine and even a fishing trip — just not, though, in a Sealegs.
LISTED Travellers International Hotel Group, Inc., operator of Resorts World Manila, said net income for the first half of the year fell 80 percent from a year ago as earnings were affected by the closure of the casino for 27 days following the June 2 attack on the facility, which left dozens dead and injured.
Travellers posted net income of P373 million for the first half compared to P1.8 billion registered in the same period last year.
Gross revenues dropped 18 percent to P11.2 billion from last year's P13.7 billion. Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (Ebitda) stood at P2.2 billion.
Gross gaming revenues at the end of the first half amounted to P9.2 billion, while revenues from the non-gaming segment increased by 3.9 percent to about P2 billion, fueled by hotel operations. Average occupancy rate for the three hotels was 80 percent.
“We must be dynamic and aggressive to make sure that RWM is ready for increased competition and the expanding market,” Travellers President and Chief Executive Officer Kingson Sian told the local bourse on Monday.
“RWM remains committed in implementing necessary enhancements that ensure the safety, security and enjoyment of our customers and guests,” they added.
The area of the second floor affected by the June 2 incident will be converted into a retail zone, according to the company.
Gaming capacity at the end of June stood at 218 tables, 1,407 slot machines, and 110 electronic table games. Overall property visitation reached an average of 26,585 daily visitors.
According to the company, the Phase 3 development will have three hotels, namely, Hilton Manila, Sheraton Manila Hotel, and Maxims II, adding approximately 940 rooms. It will also include new gaming and retail spaces, as well as six basement parking decks.
The company has invested approximately P65 billion since 2008 and will continue to contribute to the country's appeal as a leisure tourism destination with the launch of Westside City Resorts World by 2020, it said.
Bengaluru (Karnataka) [India], Dec 11 (ANI-NewsVoir): Leading concreting equipment solutions provider, Ajax Fiori on Monday reiterated its focus on India as a key manufacturing hub by announcing the expansion of its operations at Doddaballapur and Gowribidanur, near Bengaluru.
The expansion will include a new world class manufacturing facility at Doddaballapur and expansion of its existing manufacturing facility at Gowribidanur. This will be the fourth plant in India and in line with its investment commitment and expansion plan in India.
The new manufacturing facility is setup in a 10 acre plot with a built-up area of 150,000 sq. ft. This plant is a dedicated facility for manufacturing Self-loading Concrete Mixers, for which Ajax Fiori is the Global Leader. It will serve the expanding domestic market, and also cater to export demands of countries in the Middle East, South Asia and Africa.
This facility will also house the "Ajax Fiori School of Concrete" - an in-house Training Centre focused on training of operators, technicians, supervisors and engineers on Concreting techniques and optimum usage of machineries, thereby enhancing skill development.
The initial capacity of the plant is 6000 units per annum and will be scaled up to 9000 units per annum eventually. The construction of the plant is nearing completion and the facility will be fully operational by second quarter of 2018.
The existing manufacturing facility at Gowribidanur is also being expanded by another 150,000 sq. ft. area for manufacturing Transit Mixers of capacity from 6 cum to 10 cum.
The total area for this facility is 20 acres. This facility will now have the capacity to roll out 300 batching plants and 1000 transit mixers per annum, that can be rapidly scaled up to 1000 nos. and 3000 nos. respectively. The expansion work is already in progress and will be fully operational by end of 2018.
Ajax Fiori is among the top two manufacturers of concreting equipmentand had a consistent growth of 40 percent in the last few years. The Bangalore plant currently employees 375 people and with this new facility it is expected to generate additional employment of 250 in the future.
"Over the last 25 years, Ajax Fiori has brought innovative and cost effective solutions to the construction industry. We see exceptional opportunities as the economy strengthens in the near to midterm and infrastructure environment continues to evolve for construction equipment manufacturer like Ajax Fiori. Apart from our product range expansion, we have increased our distribution network and have over 80 touch points pan India," said Jagdish Bhat, CEO, AJAX Fiori.
"This new facility will help us add capacity and enhance our product portfolio to serve our customer needs in future. This new facility not only supports our commitment to India's economy but it also presents a significant opportunity for our strong growth in India. Having foreseen the product's suitability across various applications and the increased demand across geographies, Ajax Fiori has ambitions to create a significant presence beyond Indian shores in the coming years," they added.
In addition to the expansion, Ajax Fiori also announced plans to adopt a Government primary school close to their existing facility in Doddaballapur. In addition Ajax Fiori is also creating Infrastructure in 2 more schools in Doddaballapur with a total spend outlay of 5 Cr, INR in the next two years. This initiative aligns with Ajax Fiori's commitment towards being a responsible corporate, caring for the adjoining communities.
At Excon, Ajax Fiori will be launching its Series of wide range of Concreting Equipment. The Batching plants upto 120 Cu.m/hr capacity, concrete pumps upto 70 cu.m/hr would be unveiled at EXCON. Also Ajax Fiori would be entering the Transit Mixer market by launching its 6, 8 and 10 cubic meters Mixer at Excon 2017.
These mixers will be a PTO driven which will have a tremendous savings on the Operating cost to the customers. In the future, Ajax Fiori will be introducing higher capacity Concrete Pumps and Boom pumps with higher reach.
The Argo Series of Self Loading Concrete Mixer, Argo 2500 will also be launched at Excon. These machines will have the latest cutting edge technology of Load cell based weighing system. The advanced closed Bucket will ensure zero spillage of materials and thereby maintaining the quality of Concrete. The new-look ergonomics ensures Operator comfort while operation.
A total of 15 existing and new products will be on display. Customer would witness an array of products on display thereby making Ajax Fiori a Full Liner in Concreting Equipment Industry. (ANI-NewsVoir)
Jean-Luc Melenchon, candidate of the French far-left Parti de Gauche and candidate for the French 2017 presidential election, speaks to supporters after the first round of 2017 French presidential election in Paris, France, April 23, 2017. REUTERS/Stephane Mahe
PARIS Defeated French presidential election first-round candidate Jean-Luc Melenchon said on Friday they would not give any indication as to who their supporters should vote for in the May 7 runoff.
"Me, I will vote...but I am not going to tell you how," Melenchon said in a video message posted on youtube.com.
"You don't need me to know what you are going to do. I am not a guru, not a guide".
Just under 20 percent of people who cast a vote in the first round picked Melechon.
One poll on Friday by Odoxa showed that about 40 percent of those who voted for Melenchon in round one would vote for the centrist Emmanuel Macron, who is overall expected to win the second round with about 60 percent of the total vote.
Odoxa said their run-off rival, far-right leader Marine Le Pen would get 19 percent of the Melenchon first-round vote, while 41 percent of it would be abstentions, the poll said.
(Reporting by Cyril Camu; Writing by Maya Nikolaeva; Editing by Andrew Callus)
IMF upgrades UK 2017 growth forecast to 2%
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Ross Greenhalgh is retiring after working 43 years at Queensland Alumina Limited in Gladstone.
Ross Greenhalgh is retiring after working 43 years at Queensland Alumina Limited in Gladstone. Matt Taylor GLA040718ROSS
WHEN Ross Greenhalgh started their first job, at Queensland Alumina Limited, they were paid $7500 a year, offered a home to rent for $10-15 per week and wore an aluminium hard hat.
As a keen 22-year-old University of Queensland graduate, they were prepared to move to Gladstone to work at the then seven-year-old refinery.
This was even though they thought Gladstone was a quiet, sleepy town compared to where they grew up, Rockhampton.
Now, 43 years later, the father of five handed in their first resignation letter in their working life, as they prepare to retire.
Friday will be the last day Mr Greenhalgh will drive their trusty bauxite-stained Tarago van into the refinery carpark and don the yellow and green hi-vis.
Mr Greenhalgh has had a number of roles, from process engineer to technical services manager and health, safety and environment manager.
They were also part of the working group to facilitate the red mud dam.
Queensland Alumina Limited's longest serving employee, with 43 years at the refinery, Ross Greenhalgh is retiring.
"The technical work has been challenging but there's a thousand odd people who work here and meeting those people has been great," Mr Greenhalgh said.
"In the early days it was great to gain experience from the older engineers and now it's been nice to teach the younger engineers coming through."
Mr Greenhalgh said the refinery surprisingly had not changed too much.
Ross Greenhalgh is retiring after working 43 years at Queensland Alumina Limited in Gladstone. Matt Taylor GLA040718ROSS
"It's the same bayer process it has always been, despite the billions of dollars spent on investigations into new technologies, no one has found a better way to do it," they said.
With three grandchildren, Mr Greenhalgh and their wife Narelle are looking forward to spending more time with family during their retirement.
They will leave a lasting legacy at the site, training many apprentices and new engineers.
DUBAI, United Arab Emirates (AP) — An inter-faith group of residents living in Bahrain who are visiting Israel has issued a statement saying it doesn't represent the government in Manama or any of the kingdom's authorities.
Their visit has stirred uproar on social media over the timing of their trip following the Trump administration's recognition of Jerusalem as Israel's capital last week.
The group said in a statement carried by the state-run Bahrain News Agency on Sunday that it "does not represent any official entity" from Bahrain.
The group, which also has Americans and British nationals, includes Buddhists, Christians, Hindus, Jews and Muslims.
Advertisement
The group's members have said they are traveling on their own initiative.
Many Bahrainis and others on Twitter criticized the visit in the wake of President Donald Trump's move on Jerusalem.
Channel 4 has confirmed the cities and regions that have been shortlisted to host its new national headquarters and two creative hubs.
The broadcaster will move 300 staff out of London to three new bases next year in the biggest change to its structure in its 35-year history, and invited pitches from across the UK.
Bristol, Cardiff, Glasgow, Greater Manchester, Leeds, Liverpool and the West Midlands have all been shortlisted for the national headquarters or a creative hub, while Belfast, Brighton, Newcastle-Gateshead, Nottingham, Sheffield and Stoke-on-Trent have made the cut to be considered to be a creative hub.
Of the three new hubs in the nations and regions, the largest will be the new national HQ.
It will have facilities including a TV studio, from which the Channel 4 News can be broadcast.
The first-round pitch process was launched in April, with more than 30 submissions entered.
Each of the shortlisted cities will now participate in a second-stage process - which will include Channel 4 visiting each city for a presentation and Q&A.
The final locations will be selected in October.
Jonathan Allan, Channel 4's chief commercial officer, who is leading the pitch process, said: “We've been incredibly impressed both by the number of pitches we received and by the high quality of the submissions – which has underlined the huge amount of creativity, innovation and talent right across the UK.
“However we have to move to a shortlist phase and, after careful consideration by the Channel 4 executive team, we've selected 13 cities that are best able to meet our vision for our new hubs in the nations and regions.
“We look forward to visiting all those on the shortlist as part of our second phase, but we will also be continuing to work with all cities and regions as part of our strategy to increase investment and support creative businesses, jobs and growth across the UK.”
The move is part of a strategy to increase spending on its nations and regions content from its current quota of 35% to a new voluntary target of 50% by 2023.
According to Parliamentary sources, MDAs (Ministries, Departments and Agencies) owe Guma Valley Water Company a whopping Le13Bn (Thirteen Billion Leones) in unpaid bills for water supply.
A senior ruling party member of the Parliamentary Committee on Water Resources told the Global Times yesterday that, the non-payment of bills for water supply by government Ministries, Departments and Agencies has adversely affected the operations of Guma Valley Water Company.
They called on the Financial Secretary to ensure that, MDAs meet their obligations to Guma Valley Water Company without much delay.
They noted that, unlike SALWACO which is a government subvented agency, Guma Valley does not get such support from the government. “All salaries and wages of SALWACO workers are paid by the government…Guma does not enjoy such privilege” they said.
The company does not even have money to pay retired workers their benefits just because MDAs have failed or even refused to pay their outstanding bills for water supply running into Billions of Leones.
One senior opposition MP asked, “How does the government expect Guma Valley to operate when MDAs refuse to honor their bills for water supply”?
Meanwhile, Guma Valley authorities declined to be interviewed on the record yesterday.
Local radio DJ Adam Green has made it through to the top 10 of the Woman's Day Hottest Radio Hunk competition.
After about a week of anticipation Mr Green was delighted to be named as a finalist and hoped they could ride the wave of Hawke's Bay supporters right through to the finish.
"It is great to know Hawke's Bay supported the campaign and it has definitely given me bragging rights at home and made my mum proud."
It all started when The Hits Hawke's Bay breakfast show co-host Sarah Van Der Kley sent a photo of Mr Green in a tutu repping a six-pack to Woman's Day, with an email which said their co-host was disappointed they hadn't featured in the competition advertisement and maybe they were either too good looking or was left off by accident.
Advertisement
Ms Van Der Kley said the Woman's Day editor was impressed with the photo and told them a guy with a body like that had to be in there.
Now Mr Green is up against the metro bigwigs with the likes of Vaughn Smith from ZM, Clinton Randell from The Edge, Jeremy Wells and Leigh Hart from Radio Hauraki and fellow The Hits star Sam Wallace.
"I am up against some of the best looking men in radio so it is going to be tough but I am excited to be a part of it."
Mr Green said they were going to get out on to the streets handing out Team Adam badges, which they were given when they were named a finalist.
"I am grateful for the support from Hawke's Bay and hopefully people can continue to get behind the campaign so I can do Hawke's Bay proud."
On the Now to Love website where people can vote, comments have been posted by New Zealanders with one on Mr Green's profile saying "Just look at him, that's your reason".
To vote for Mr Green visit: www.nowtolove.co.nz/win/competitions/radio-hunk-nominations-33041.
People can have one vote a day and the final day of voting is on August 30, with the winner announced on September 3.
Chelsea players may have had a disappointing season but here are five who would be crucial for their nations at the World Cup
N'Golo Kante (France)
Widely regarded as one of the best and most hardworking midfielders in world football, Kante is expected to have a major role in Didier Deschamps' side. Expect to see them playing in front of the centre-backs and acting as a shield for the back 4.
Kante will be tasked with curtailing the movements of the most advanced midfielders of the opposing teams and given how they have played since they made their Les Bleus debut in 2016, France will be thankful for their bustling presence in the team.
Gary Cahill (England)
Even Cahill will admit that the 2017-2018 season wasn't their finest in a Chelsea shirt but their inclusion on the England list shows that they are still a very good defender and will be crucial to the Three Lions' chances of doing anything at the World Cup.
 They are expected to be the old head/calming influence at the back for an admittedly uninspiring England side and will be expected to once again put their body on the line in service of their nation.
Victor Moses (Nigeria)
Moses may not be one of the most important players in an attacking sense for Chelsea but for the Super Eagles, they are an absolutely crucial element of the attacking play.
Nominally a wingback in manager Conte's preferred 3-4-3 formation, the former Wigan star is the preferred right winger for Nigeria's manager Gernot Rohr and is expected to be the senior player driving the Eagles forward at the World Cup.
Nigeria no longer has the flair players of old, so stylish football has been replaced by solidity as it is expected that the team will make itself compact and hard to beat at the World Cup while looking to use the pace of Moses to counter-attack teams.
Their direct style of play, pace, ability to surge into the opposition box and crossing mean that the Nigerian team will be relying on Moses to provide a cutting edge as the face up against more technically accomplished teams in Croatia and Argentina in Group D at the World Cup.
Olivier Giroud (France)
Despite the abundance of attacking talent possessed by the French team (a team that dropped the likes of Anthony Martial, Alexandre Lacazette, Wissam Ben Yedder to name a few), Giroud is almost certain to start for France at the World Cup, a proposition that normally leaves outsiders baffled.
They have a great understanding with Greizmann and with wingers like Florian Thauvin, Thomas Lemar and fullbacks like Benjamin Mendy in the French side, Giroud will get plenty of quality deliveries which given their superb aerial abilities, have a very good chance of ending up in the back of the net.
Eden Hazard (Belgium)
The standout player in a team filled with outstanding talent, Belgium will need their talismanic number 10 to be at their shimmering and shining best if the Red Devils are to finally cast aside the tag of underachievers which has unfortunately been attached to it.
With a stellar support cast (Kevin de Bruyne, Dries Mertens and a lot more), Russia 2018 might just be the tournament for Chelsea's golden boy to show that they are a truly world-class talent.
Senior student presentations on their real-world experiences
Media Contact
Susan Cash, Director XLR8 STEM Academy
434-832-7731
***@xlr8academy.com Susan Cash, Director XLR8 STEM Academy434-832-7731
End
-- The twenty-five (25) senior students from XLR8- Lynchburg Regional Governor's STEM Academy will present on their internship experience with regional industry mentors followed by a luncheon on Wednesday, April 26th, 2017 from 8am – 1:00 pm. The event will be held at Central VA Community College in the multipurpose room in Merritt Hall. Invited attendees will include STEM Academy students, parents, corporate internship hosts and mentors, STEM Academy Partnership Team members, STEM Academy Board Members, Representatives from all five school divisions, STEM Academy instructors, Local and state legislators, and members of the CVCC Administrative Team.Student Internship Sponsors for the internship experience include: AECOM, AIC, AIT, AMG, Inc., AMTI, AREVA, Centra Health, Centra PACE, Delta Star, Harris Corp., Hurt & Proffitt, Innerspec, Liberty Aeronautics, Master Engineers and Designer's, Inc., Moore's Electric, Sharptop Co., Swissomation and Timberlake Pharmacy. Each student will give a 5-7 minute presentation summarizing their internship experience with their corporate sponsor. Lunch will follow the completion of the presentations.Mr. Rick Loving, Senior VP, Human Resources, BWXT and Ms. Cheryl Giggette, VP, AECOM will be our corporate speakers following the luncheon. Students will receive their XLR8 STEM Academy graduation honor cords which they will be able to wear during their graduation from CVCC and their high school graduation.The sixty (60) hour internship experience is part of the curriculum at the STEM Academy which is driven by the needs and projected growth of regional industry. The courses at the STEM Academy are all dual enrolled which offers students the opportunity to earn up to 44 college credits and up to two career studies certificate(s) from Central Virginia Community College. Currently, the two identified student pathways offered at the academy include biotechnology/health science and engineering/mechatronics;the latter being the blending of mechanical and electrical engineering disciplines.This event is being sponsored through donations from our presenting partners: AECOM and BWXT, our supporting partners: AMTI, AREVA, Centra Health, Delta Star, Lynchburg Regional Business Alliance, Liberty University School of Engineering & Computer Science and our corporate partners: Harris, Inc., Master Engineers and Designers and Wegmann USA.XLR8: Lynchburg Regional Governor's STEM Academy –is the 16th regional Governor's STEM Academy offering programs in science, technology, engineering and mathematics (subjects known collectively as "STEM") for High School juniors and seniors in Virginia's Region 2000/Lynchburg regional area. Located on the campus of Central Virginia Community College – XLR8 offers academic and technical training related to careers in engineering, mechatronics, biotechnology , health science and cybersecurity. The STEM Academy serves the public school students from the counties of Amherst, Appomattox, Bedford, Campbell and the City of Lynchburg.Visit us at http://www.xlr8academy.com for additional information.
WASHINGTON (AP) " There isn't much suspense about what the Fed will announce when its latest policy meeting ends Wednesday: That it's raising its key short-term interest rate for the third time in six months.
The job market " with unemployment at a 16-year low of 4.3 percent " has improved to such an extent that the Fed is thought to feel it's time to modestly raise its benchmark rate again. The move, to a still-low range of 1 percent to 1.25 percent, will likely lead to somewhat higher rates on some consumer and business loans. The idea is to ensure that the U.S. economy doesn't overheat.
But beyond the announcement of another rate hike, anticipation surrounds the possibility that the Fed could signal policy shifts in a statement it will issue, in updated economic forecasts and in a news conference with Chair Janet Yellen. Investors want to know, for example, how fast the pace of rate increases may be in coming months or whether Washington's political paralysis has concerned the Fed.
Here are three things to watch for after the Fed's meeting ends:
Advertisement
___
FUTURE PACE OF RATE HIKES:
After leaving its benchmark rate at a record low near zero for seven years, the Fed has raised rates three times, by a quarter-point each time " once in December 2015, again last December and a third time in March. The Fed has previously forecast that it will raise rates three times in 2017.
Though investors have pegged the likelihood of a rate increase Wednesday at near 100 percent, there's much less certainty about the prospect or timing of any further hikes. Some Fed watchers expect another increase in September. Others say the Fed may want to wait until December. The reasoning is that the policymakers will want more time to determine whether a slowdown in growth and inflation at the start of 2017 was indeed "transitory," as they described it in May, or the start of another slump that could lead the Fed to halt its rate hikes.
Investors will be watching the language in the Fed's policy statement to describe the economy, along with Yellen's comments during their news conference.
One signal could come from the Fed's quarterly "dot plot." This is an illustration representing the anonymous forecasts of each Fed official " the board members as well as the 12 regional bank presidents " for the timing of future rate hikes. It's this chart that provides the current expectation of three rate increases during 2017.
___
BALANCE SHEET REDUCTIONS
Starting in 2008, the Fed expanded its balance sheet five-fold to its current $4.5 trillion through purchases of Treasury and mortgage securities. The Fed began the purchases after it had cut its main policy lever, the federal funds rate, to a record low near zero. The bond purchases were intended to depress long-term borrowing rates as an additional way to energize the economy as it struggled to emerge from the Great Recession.
The Fed is no longer buying new bonds. But it's been replacing maturing bonds to prevent its portfolio from shrinking. Speculation has grown that Yellen may reveal details at their news conference of a plan to gradually reduce the portfolio.
One possibility suggested would have the Fed begin to pare its holdings late this year and then gradually shed incrementally larger amounts into next year, while allowing the financial markets to adjust to the impact.
Investors are keenly interested in whatever the Fed says about its balance sheet because gradual reductions in its portfolio could raise long-term rates, even if only slightly. The Fed will likely want to unveil its plan well in advance of actually trimming its portfolio to avoid spooking the markets.
___
WASHINGTON'S POLITICAL DYSFUNCTION
During their campaign, President Donald Trump pledged to pursue a program of deep tax cuts, less regulation, more infrastructure spending and tougher enforcement of trade rules. They billed their plan as a way to accelerate economic growth from the sluggish 2.1 percent annual rate of the past eight years. Trump said their program would double growth to 4 percent or better, though the administration based its first budget plan on achieving a lower but still highly ambitious goal of 3 percent annual growth.
The problem is that Trump's economic agenda remains stalled, in part because of resistance in Congress, in part because of a lack of details so far from the administration. Concern has also arisen that Congress could delay action on raising the federal debt limit and approving a new budget " possibilities that could upset markets.
Given such risks, analysts will be watching to see whether the Fed offers a more pessimistic outlook for the economy in the updated projections it will issue Wednesday. In its previous forecast in March, the Fed had predicted growth for this year and next year at 2.1 percent, unchanged from the lackluster pace of recent years
Investors will also be listening for any signals Yellen sends about their own future. After Trump's surprise election victory, Yellen had announced that they planned to serve out their term, which ends in February. Trump has sent mixed signals about whether they would nominate Yellen for a second term.
In the meantime, Trump has three vacancies to fill on the central bank's seven-member board, an opportunity for them to begin influencing Fed policy. The administration has yet to nominate any candidates for Senate confirmation.
Brexit runs “entirely counter to Irish national interests” and means that the whole island of Ireland “is facing dramatic changes for the worse”.
Those were the words of Sinn Fein's national chairperson Declan Kearney just a fortnight ago, as they prepared to speak at a gathering of European leftists in Germany.
However, the republican movement to which the party belongs was not always such an enthusiastic advocate of European membership – in fact quite the reverse.
The party's stance of today – which has involved it in court action to challenge the UK's exit from the EU – contrasts markedly with the ideology of the IRA, as set out in in the Green Book; a document which was basically meant to serve as the Provisonals' operating manual.
The News Letter has asked a variety of commentators for their views on how today's Sinn Fein came to have such a different stance to that of the Provisionals.
The Green Book (the contents of which are available online at the University of Ulster's Conflict Archive on the Internet website) detailed the demands and pressures which would be placed on people who volunteered for the IRA, and set out the rationale for its violent campaign.
A chunk of it was devoted to explaining the IRA's economic objectives.
It condemned “economic imperialism” such as the export of raw farming products and “fish [being] caught by foreign trawlers”.
It also condemned the Republic of Ireland for having “abandoned all attempts to secure an independent economy,” and having “brought in foreign multi-national companies”.
“‘Africanisation' is the word for this process elsewhere,” it stated.
“Control of our affairs in all of Ireland lies more than ever since 1921 outside the hands of the Irish people.
“The logical outcome of all this was the full immersion in the EEC in the 1970s.
“The republican movement opposed this north and south in 1972 and 1975 and continues to do so.”
The EEC – set up in 1958 – essentially morphed into the EU after the Maastricht Treaty of 1993.
Sinn Fein's first-ever member of the European Parliament was Mary-Lou MacDonald in 2004.
Asked about the contrast between Sinn Fein's stance today and the IRA's stance, a spokesperson for the party said that the Green Book was “nothing to do with Sinn Fein”.
They said the party had a policy on the EU, and asked when it had arrived at its current one, they said: “Sinn Fein constantly formulates policy.”
The ex-Provisional:
Anthony McIntyre, former IRA member-turned-critic of Sinn Fein (who is perhaps best known for helping to run the Boston College oral history project), said the change in the party's outlook represents a “metamorphosis from standing four square on four feet to standing on their hind legs, a la the pigs in Animal Farm”.
This is a reference to George Orwell's novel about the corrosive effects of political power, centring on animals who seize control of a farm in the name of freedom, but whose leaders – represented by a group of pigs – gradually reverse all the policies and slogans that they once championed.
They said: “The Green Book was a useful bible used to control the believers but never actually adhered to by the creators.
“It was written at a time when rebellion rather than conformity was in the heart of the Provisional movement.”
They added: “Like the IRA past of Adams, the Green Book is something they prefer not to be reminded of.”
Anti-EU unionist:
From the other end of the political spectrum, TUV leader and strong Eurosceptic Jim Allister said: “The evolution of IRA/Sinn Fein's stance on the EU is not driven by principle, but expediency.
“Patently, their original position was grounded in rejection of the transfer of sovereignty to Brussels, but that has been overtaken by the realisation that when the UK leaves the ties with the Republic will loosen.
“Hence, their current devotion to the EU as a means of keeping all of Ireland in the same place – the prison house of Brussels.”
Asked about the contrast between Sinn Fein's stance today and the IRA's stance, a spokesperson for the party said that the Green Book was “nothing to do with Sinn Fein”.
They said the party had a policy on the EU, and asked when it had arrived at its current one, they said: “Sinn Fein constantly formulates policy.”
The professor:
Henry Patterson, a University of Ulster professor specialising in modern Northern Irish history, was also asked about their take on the switch from the Provisonal IRA's anti-European rhetoric to Sinn Fein's anti-Brexit stance.
They said: “Sinn Fein's position on the EU has changed in line with the republican movement's strategic and political transformations from the late 1980s.
“The position outlined in the Green Book – a broad rejection of it as a capitalist power bloc – was changed to one of ‘critical engagement'.”
They said this was “partly strategic – they saw the EU as a broader framework for bringing about Irish unity”.
It was also “pragmatic” in the sense that “it gives them another platform to criticise the British and promote their version of the Northern Irish situation”.
They said the contrast with the republican movement's previous anti-European rhetoric “has been noted by academics interested in Europe”.
However, they added, “it did not arouse much opposition because Europe is not a central issue in comparison to other compromises they have made, for example ending armed struggle with no real movement on constitutional question, recognition of police, etc”.
The victims' spokesperson:
Kenny Donaldson, spokesperson for Innocent Victims United – an umbrella group representing those hurt in the Troubles as well as relatives of victims – said: “Sinn Fein/PIRA tore up the Green Book when it has proven to be politically expedient for them to do so.
“They have completed an about turn on their approach to Europe where they have gone from being emphatically Eurosceptic to now being staunchly Europhile.
“When are they ever questioned on this? The reality is that the Green Book was built upon a false premise.
“The Green Book has been proven to have little relevance with the direction taken by the Republican Movement over the last three decades.
“It is a document without mandate or legitimacy and republicans cannot be allowed to hide behind the supposed code which exists therein as a means of evading direct or indirect responsibility for actions committed over the years of the terror campaign.”
Mr Donaldson had previously said Gerry Adams' decision to pass some Sinn Fein names to police investigating past paramilitary crimes would breach the rules of the Green Book.
1:00 Cam Newton after season-ending loss: I need a rest, time away Pause
0:45 New Year's Eve in uptown Charlotte
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
4:15 Roy Cooper sworn in as NC governor minutes after midnight
5:49 Fayetteville police rescue woman and child from car trapped in flood waters live on Facebook
1:23 Curry Laksa at Co Charlotte
11:06 Cooper on HB2: 'Today, the legislature had the chance to do the right thing for NC and they failed'
4:57 HB2 repeal deal - what happened?
0:52 Shoppers seek sales at area malls
FALMOUTH — The Falmouth Land Trust is working with Falmouth Elementary School to provide water bottle refilling stations for students, with the goal of reducing the proliferation of single-use plastic bottles.
To help pay for the water stations, the land trust is offering special water bottles with the organization's logo on one side and the elementary school logo on the other.
Each bottle is $15 and orders will be taken through April 28.
The land trust has already donated two water-filling stations to the school; all proceeds from the current fundraiser will go toward a third station, the trust said.
In addition to providing clean, cold water, the land trust said the water refilling stations also raise awareness about plastics, pollution and the importance of a clean and healthy environment.
“We believe each person can build habits that promote conservation,” the trust said in a Facebook post promoting the water bottle sale.
On its website, the land trust says plastic is the No. 1 ocean pollutant and the No. 1 contributor to landfills. And, the trust said, 17 million barrels of oil are used to make the single-use water bottles used by Americans every year.
Approximately 50 million water bottles are purchased in the U.S. each year, the trust said, and only about one-fifth of those get recycled. In addition, Americans also buy enough bottled water to nearly circle the earth each day.
Along with the water bottle fundraiser, the land trust is also holding several contests designed to help promote a reduction in the use of plastics.
One of the contests asks residents to send a photo of themselves sporting a water bottle while using a land trust trail or visiting a trust property. The winner of the photo contest will receive a $20 gift card to Skillins Greenhouses and the photo will also be featured on the land trust's website.
The second contest asks residents to design a poster to be displayed at the elementary school, which shows various ways to reduce the use of plastics in everyday life. The winner of this contest will receive a $20 gift card to Ricetta's Italian restaurant.
The third contest asks residents to write a poem about conservation. The winner of the poetry contest will receive a $20 gift card to Book Review, as well as having their poem posted on the land trust's website.
All submissions should be emailed to info@falmouthlandtrust.org by April 28.
Kate Irish Collins can be reached at 710-2336 or kcollins@theforecaster.net. Follow Kate on Twitter: @KirishCollins.
The Falmouth Land Trust is selling reusable water bottles with its logo on one side and the Falmouth Elementary School logo on the other. Proceeds will go toward purchasing a third water refilling station for the school.
WASHINGTON Bank of Japan Governor Haruhiko Kuroda said the country's economy is performing well but warned that geopolitical risks including escalating tensions with North Korea were clouding the global growth outlook, according to an interview with Bloomberg Television.
"There are a lot of geopolitical risks. But I do think leaders, including the U.S. leader, will deal with it in a good way," Kuroda was quoted as saying in the interview in New York on Thursday.
When asked whether such risks could spur a spike in the safe-haven yen, Kuroda said there were cases in the past where geopolitical risks pushed up the yen and "made our monetary policy difficult."
Kuroda also reiterated that the BOJ will continue with its massive asset purchases for some time, brushing aside market speculation that it will face difficulty keeping up the current pace of buying.
(Reporting by Leika Kihara; Editing by Paul Simao)
Late last night — on a Monday, mind you — Microsoft released its second big cumulative update for Win10 version 1709. This completes the triumvirate of second cumulative updates, since last week, on the third Tuesday of the month, Microsoft released second cumulative updates for Win10 1703 and 1607.
There's a pattern emerging. Microsoft is now showering Win10 customers with two (sometimes more) cumulative updates a month, and they're big. The first cumulative update contains security patches and a big hodgepodge of additional bug fixes. The first one is (usually) released on the second Tuesday of the month. The second cumulative update arrives, uh, whenever, and it contains massive amounts of bug fixes in addition to those in the first — including, if we're lucky, fixes for the bugs introduced by the month's first cumulative update.
Last night, Microsoft released KB 4093105, which has a list of bug fixes that goes on and on and on. It brings the build number up to 16299.402.
Three fixes of note:
For those of you who had to put up with the “pen drags the canvas” bug I mentioned two weeks ago — the one where beta testers liked the “feature” so much Microsoft dropped it, unannounced, into this month's first cumulative update — there should be a fix:
Addresses an issue that might cause some users to experience unexpected panning or scrolling in certain apps while using the pen.
For those of you who just love to delete Candy Crush Soda Saga every time you upgrade Win10, over and over again, there's some respite:
Addresses an issue that causes modern applications to reappear after upgrading the OS version even though those applications have been deprovisioned using remove-AppXProvisionedPackages-Online.
And for those who rely on Outlook 2013's User Experience Virtualization feature:
Addresses an issue that prevents Autodiscover in Microsoft Outlook 2013 from being used to set up email accounts when UE-V is enabled.
Many people report that the patch isn't yet available through Windows Update. Martin Brinkman on ghacks says:
Windows Update failed to pick up the new update on a Windows 10 Pro machine. It returned KB4093112 instead which Microsoft released on the April 2018 Patch Tuesday; that update was installed on the machine already, however. Manual download from the Microsoft Update Catalog site and installation worked, however.
My (sole) bare-metal 1709 machine isn't picking up the update either.
The sheer volume of patches these days boggles my mind. My list of updated Knowledge Base articles shows there have been mods to 7,679 KB articles so far this month.
Gotta gripe about the pace of patches? Join us on the AskWoody Lounge.
Canada, British Colombia; 11, December 2017: Securing the future especially the retirement years by saving money on a regular basis is a habit that is losing its touch. It is a habit that is dying a slow death, especially amongst the current generation. The reason behind this whole situation is the skyrocketing cost of living. The rising price of daily essentials, utilities, and everyday commute led to the plummeting interest of the public in saving up for later than they can't make ends meet now.
Tapping into this situation, several financial institutions have come up with platforms to make people understand the importance of saving. They also make the opportunities of investing in multi-billion dollar firms attractive to scoop out maximum funds from the public and deliver them back with attractive paid instant returns. Using Bitcoin as the primary source of conducting investment operations has its own set of pros and cons that further popularizes the idea of investing using cryptocurrencies.
24BitDeposit is a Canadian firm that associates itself with the management of funds invested by their clients in the stock market. They carry out their transaction using cryptocurrencies, preferably Bitcoins. They have put together a safe and secure infrastructure that allows their investors to safely carry out all their monetary transaction without worrying about getting hacked by hackers or eavesdroppers. The company put together a team of highly skilled and experienced brokers who keep a close watch on the fluctuations in the stock market and work on the core algorithms of the power company and update the same in real time.
Having such intricate knowledge of the market allows the company to keep both their interests and clients safe from the sharp fluctuations of the market. The trading software of the company uses a simplified yet functional interface that is optimized for the comfort of the user. It is equipped with all the necessary security measures that ensure a safe and secure environment for the clients. They have enabled their trading software and official website with SSL security layer that not only keeps hackers out of the picture but also ensures no one is eavesdropping on what is being done within the infrastructure.
The business policy of the company was founded on the simple idea that money if kept on the shelf, depreciates with each passing day. 24BitDeposit ensures that the money works for its owner and not against them. The structure of the firm is made simply to provide anyone with a little bit of cash can multiply the same via cloud mining. 24BitDeposit is financial and legal firm that acts as a buffer and a platform for safely carrying out investments using cryptocurrencies.
About 24BitDeposit:
24BitDeposit is a Canadian investment firm that is associated with the management and execution of Bitcoin investments by their clients in the stock market. They have a team of councilors and business consultants that ensure the clients are choosing the right company to invest in. For further details, feel free to visit their official website.
For Media Contact:
Company: 24BitDeposit
Email: admin@24bitdeposit.com
Website: http://www.24bitdeposit.com
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Matthew Ashimolowo, senior pastor of Kingsway International Christian Centre (KICC), says the former trustees of their church, not him, made the decision to invest $5 million dollars, which was lost to a ponzi scheme.
Ashimolowo said this in a statement signed on their behalf by Dipo Oluyomi, chief executive officer and James McGlashan, chief operating officer for KICC.
The statement said the investment was made seven and a half years ago.
KICC admitted that the trustees of the KICC made the decision to invest in the scheme, but however, said Ashimolowo had nothing to do with it. “The attention of Pastor Matthew Ashimolowo and KICC has been drawn to publication in the media with the headline: ‘Pastor Matthew Ashimolowo loses $5million to Ponzi Scheme',” the statement read.
“We wish to state that the headline was unfortunate and misleading and has caused damage to the reputation of Pastor Ashimolowo. The sensational headline suggests that Pastor Matthew Ashimolowo lost $5million when INFACT They DID NOT and did not make the decision to invest.
“Pastor Matthew Ashimolowo is the Senior Pastor of KICC and not their trustee and has never been a trustee of KICC.
“As you are aware from the Charities Commission's report, the decision to invest was solely that of the U.K trustees without any involvement of Pastor Matthew Ashimolowo.
“Importantly as the report states, it is the trustees who have the responsibility for investing Charity Funds and NOT PASTOR MATTHEW ASHIMOLOWO.
“The investment referred to were made by former trustees on behalf of the Charity over SEVEN AND HALF YEARS AGO. They believed they were acting in the best interest of the Charity and they did not and have not benefited personally.
“Their actions were totally independent and were not influenced in any way by Pastor Matthew Ashimolowo.
“KICC is a Charity whose main aim is to advance the Christian religion in the U.K. and around the world as well as provide local communities with a great deal of counseling and support, including educational, bereavement and prayer support.”
Share This: Venom Takes Over Tom Hardy's Luscious Lips In New Trailer Charles
Venom is in severe need of an orthodontist. Today, Sony Pictures Entertainment finally reveals Tom Hardy's full transformation into the alien symbiote. Thankfully, it doesn't disappoint.
The first official Venom trailer also shares critical details about the film's plot. In the Ruben Fleischer-directed film, Eddie Brock (Tom Hardy) is an investigative journalist who discovers questionable experiments conducted on human test subjects by the Life Foundation. Brock accidentally becomes a host for an extraterrestrial life form who is described as the next step in human evolution. As the brooding Brock tries to evade the film's antagonist Carlton Drake (Riz Ahmed) and their henchman, they must come to terms with the violent alien taking over their body.
Interestingly, the trailer also gives a glimpse at Hardy's unorthodox performance as they have to talk to an entity that only they can see. In an interview with MTV News, Venom producer Matthew Tolmach praised Hardy's acting.
“Eddie Brock is an incredible character—gritty, real, authentic, funny, but also an embittered character and a truth-teller who has made mistakes,” Tolmach said. “Tom… it's like a masterclass watching them act every day. He's such a risk-taker.”
Venom hits theatres October 5.
The Arizona Cardinals, who are transitioning to a new defensive system under coach Steve Wilks and defensive coordinator Al Holcomb, signed a few players who have some experience in the new system. Linebacker Jeremy Cash is one of those players.
Cash has only been in the league two seasons and has appeared in only nine games, and they spent only a little more than a season with the Carolina Panthers working with Wilks and Holcomb, but they were signed, in part, to lead more experienced players through the transition.
“When I first signed with the Cardinals, they were looking for me to be that leader – to help communicate and get people lined up,” said Cash, via Kyle Odegard for the official team site. “It took me awhile to learn the defense (in Carolina), but now that I have a pretty good grasp of it, I can bring others along with me.”
Cash doesn't project to be a starter, but their knowledge of the defense and also for potentially work on special teams could give them an inside track to the final roster. In nine career games, they have six special teams tackles.
Plus, behind projected starters Deone Bucannon, Josh Bynes and Haason Reddick, there is little experienced depth.
Cash was claimed off waivers after being let go by the Cleveland Browns in the offseason. In two years, they have spent time with four teams — the Panthers, Browns, New York Giants and New York Jets. They have only been able to stay any length of time in Carolina.
Perhaps now they can begin a successful stint leading much more experienced players through the team's defensive transition in Arizona.
Listen to the latest from Cards Wire's Jess Root on the Rise Up, See Red podcast. Subscribe on Apple podcasts or Stitcher Radio.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox
+ Subscribe
Thank you for subscribing!
Could not subscribe, try again later
Invalid Email
WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump seized on what the GOP memo on the Russia investigation could mean even before he'd read it.
Trump decided to declassify the bitterly contested document and authorize its public release despite objections from the Justice Department and warnings from their own staff.
It's just their latest move to upend the investigation into their campaign's ties to Russia or whether he's obstructed justice.
Seven White House officials and outside advisers tell The Associated Press that Trump told confidants in recent days that they believed the memo would validate their concerns about a conspiracy to undermine the legitimacy of their presidency.
Advertisement
Now that the memo's out, Trump is tweeting that it "totally vindicates" them in the Russia investigation even though the "WITCH HUNT goes on and on."
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
Emirates Team New Zealand chief executive Grant Dalton says it was a priority for the team to make the coverage of the 2021 America's Cup available to all as TVNZ secured exclusive broadcast rights for the Auckland event.
All the races will be live on free-to-air TV and also on TVNZ's online platforms as Team NZ defends the Auld Mug.
Dalton was delighted it could be seen by people around the country.
“It's us playing out a decision we made when we won the cup that it should be seen by everybody, not just be the exclusive property of those that could pay to watch it.”
“For us it's not just about Auckland, it's about the whole country being able to watch and free-to-air does that. Wherever you are in the country, you'll be able to watch it.”
On the racing side, Dalton said preparations were already well under way for 2021 and the priority was producing a strong defence.
“We'll move into our new base which is effectively the Viaduct Events Centre soon.”
“We don't want a situation where we have a fantastic event but the team is weak, so that's also a priority to make sure we are a strong defender.”
Dalton dismissed criticism from Alinghi, who said they didn't agree with rules around boat design as they announced they wouldn't be challenging.
“Whatever, if you want it you're going to have to come and get it from us, mate,” Dalton said to the Swiss syndicate.
TVNZ chief executive Kevin Kenrick was delighted to secure an event that “captures the heart of New Zealanders”.
“When it comes to sport, we know this event is right up there.”
1 2 3 4 Style Room Workshop SRW Co-Founders Calyann Barnett & Kesha McLeod Client: Andre Iguoadala (Golden State Warriors) Client: Serena Williams
End
-- The Style Room Workshop (SRW) makes its first national tour stop at the epic center of tourism and style - San Francisco on January 14, 2017. The workshop takes place atand it will be, by far, a stylist and burgeoning stylists' playground of education of next-level fashion curation. The Style Room Workshop (SRW) is a comprehensive learning curriculum geared toward budding stylists looking to further hone their craft.The ladies leading this 'style room education movement' are two of the industry most dynamic and sought after celebrity stylists among athletes and entertainers. They know the importance of what it means to pay-it-forward when it comes to sharing the knowledge and expertise of their craft, which will ultimately continue to lend creed and high level credit to the industry overall.Kesha McLeod founder of KMCME, INC. and Calyann Barnett, founder of WWB Lifestyle Agency know what it takes to make it in one of the most competitive industries in the world. In this workshop, students will learn firsthand the tricks and trades that are required to become a successful celebrity stylist. The multifaceted class will focus on fields such as entertainment, music videos, film and television. movies, sports, photo shoots, ad campaigns, commercials and more. Kesha and Calyann will answer all of your styling questions and enlighten you on questions you have never thought about when it comes to the styling industry.. The more knowledge the better, so the SRW will also have guest speakers and other experts in the field of fashion including agents, buyers and publicists who will give career advice, real life challenges and wins and above all how you can be a sought after stylists who are known for a nitch that you can design and own.About the Founders of SRWhas made a name for themselves by utilizing their creative ability to bring out the unique style and elegance of each of their clients. The St. Albans, Queens native found their true calling at the age of 19, when they left their job as a telemarketer and took a position working in a showroom at H&M. After earning a degree in fashion merchandising from Katherine Gibbs School in Manhattan, their big break came when they were recruited by Grammy Award-winning recording artist Ne-Yo to work with them overseas and was tasked with choosing the wardrobe for their entire tour. Since then they have worked with numerous high-profile-clients in the entertainment and sports industries including Andre Iguodala, Serena Williams, Chris Bosh, Vernon Davis, La La Vasquez-Anthony, Young Jeezy, Veronica Webb, Serge Ibaka, Victor Cruz, Charles Godfrey, Caroline Wozniacki and more. Kesha's work can be seen in television commercials, music videos, advertising campaigns, editorials, on the red carpets and at The Espy Awards, The Grammy awards, The Oscars and The Emmy Awards.fervent imprint on the fashion industry is unlike anyone who has come before them More than just a trendsetter, their creative spirit and business-minded drive has conceived visual identities for their clients, Dwayne Wade, Nicki Minaj, Rajon Rondo, Tyrese Gibson, Usain Bolt and Spike Lee have all called upon their distinctive flair. As have brands like Hublot, Puma, Hennessy, Reebok, Gatorade and T-Mobile. Barnett's fearless artistic insight and immersive loyalty has helped mold their client's into style icons. Creating daring looks that have graced the pages of Vogue, GH, Sports Illustrated, Forbes and The New York Times.  They are more than just a sartorial ingenuity; she's a business person.The Style Room Workshop (SRW) takes place on Saturday, January 14, 2017 at. For tickets and more information visit www.styleroomworkshop.com . For media relations contact: Y'And Burrell, Glass House Communications - yanad@glasshousepr.com
