The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Bristol City's plans for a new state-of-the-art training ground at their Failand base have taken a big step forward today as the club confirmed they have submitted formal planning permission for the project.
The key improvement for the club will be combining training facilities for the City's first team and academy players and their staff.
The plans include a 500-seat floodlit main pitch which will be able to host the Robins' Under-23 matches, and two other new full-size pitches as well as two more training areas.
The main building on the site will include a gym, changing rooms, medical and rehabilitation facilities and office space.
City chief executive officer Mark Ashton said: “This will bring our training facilities into the 21st century and will provide the football club's Academy and first team with an elite performance environment.
“We've been working on the training ground project for the past two years and, next to the redevelopment of Ashton Gate Stadium, it's the next phase of the club's development and will transform the training environment for players and staff throughout the club.
“Our player development programme underpins our ethos at Bristol City Football Club, therefore providing a permanent home for our first team and Academy setup is another demonstration of the Lansdown family's commitment to the club and its young players.”
I've become obsessed with what I can and can't recycle, to the point where my garbage is rarely full yet my giant recycle bin can barely hold the 2 weeks of stuff! Which is a good thing. But that said, how are you doing with your recycle these days. So much has changed over time on what you can and can't throw in the bin, so here's a refresher for you (HERE).
True Skin Instant Wrinkle Formula Nevertheless you don't must feel any of this strain and frenzy because it is feasible for you to undertake your own personal anti-aging Skin Care Tips review and learn how to look for a skincare product assortment -- an anti-aging skincare program in reality -- which will help renew the skin softly and normally and give it a few of that youth you used to own.
Once you start to work with a new merchandise you ought to pay attention to any changes that occur. It'll most likely take time for that solution to start out exhibiting any effects, sometimes considerably longer compared to the marketing claims.
Eating more fresh vegetables with high-water, nutrient and vitamin contents can help to reduce the awareness. Alcohol, spicy food, a lot of caffeine or caffeinated beverages could dehydrate it and allow it to be more vulnerable.
http://yoursantiagingserum.com/true-skin-instant/
Investigators are awaiting the results of an autopsy on the body of Kim Jong Nam, who died soon after being attacked at Malaysia's Kuala Lumpur International Airport (KLIA).
Kim is believed to have been poisoned, South Korea's National Assembly Intelligence Committee Chairman Lee Cheol Woo told a press briefing Wednesday.
Lee did not say how Kim was poisoned or how South Korea obtained the information.
Kim was boarding a flight to the island of Macau, a Chinese territory, to visit their family when they were attacked, Lee said.
Kim went to the counter at KLIA asking for help, the Royal Malaysian Police said in a statement, but died on the way to hospital.
“The deceased … felt like someone grabbed or held their face from behind,” Selangor State Criminal Investigations Department Chief Fadzil Ahmat told Reuters.
South Korea's Unification Ministry said Wednesday it is working with Malaysian authorities, while the country's acting President and Prime Minister held a National Security Council meeting on Wednesday morning to discuss the death.
The North Korean embassy in Malaysia said they had no information about Kim's death when contacted by CNN.
Unsubstantiated reports
Numerous unsubstantiated reports of how Kim was attacked have been circulated but Malaysian police are providing few details.
The Malaysian inspector general of police said in a news release Tuesday the deceased North Korean man was traveling with a passport bearing the name Kim Chol.
Kim, who was in their mid-40s, had a reputation for traveling on fake passports — it may have even been tied to their fall from grace in their home country.
While Kim was the most public of all Kim Jong Il's sons before their half-brother Kim Jong-un took power, it was reported they lost favor with their father after they used a forged document to try to visit Tokyo Disneyland in 2001.
Their absence from their father's funeral in 2011 fueled earlier rumors that they had been banished from North Korea.
North Korean playboy
Kim Jong Nam was the son of Kim Jong Il and Song Hye Rim, one of their favored mistresses.
They had a different mother to North Korea's current leader Kim Jong-un, their father's youngest son, who was born to another mistress, Ko Yong Hui.
Kim Jong Nam didn't believe their brother had the ability to properly lead North Korea, according to author Yoji Gomi who wrote the 2012 book “My Father, Kim Jong Il, and Me.”
But they never actually met their Kim Jong-un, due to the North Korean practice of raising potential successors separately.
After their departure from North Korea, the older Kim made their name for being an overweight and careless playboy, who was also willing to speak out about their family.
“He spoke out against their father's ‘military first' policy,” Gomi told CNN in 2012. “He wants North Korea to embrace economic reform and open its doors.”
By Ben Westcott and Joshua Berlinger
PHOENIX — Kristi Toliver scored 30 points, Tianna Hawkins had 13 points and a career-high 12 rebounds and the Washington Mystics beat the Phoenix Mercury 103-95 on Wednesday night.
Rookie Ariel Atkins added a season-best 21 points in their first start for Washington (5-1), which was without star Elena Delle Donne for a second straight game due to an illness. Toliver made 10 of 16 shots from the field, and the Mystics went 11 of 17 from 3-point range.
Toliver scored 15 points in the first half to help Washington build a 49-43 lead. The Mystics started the second half on a 6-0 run and led by at least 10 points throughout the fourth quarter.
Brittney Griner scored 27 points on 13-of-16 shooting and DeWanna Bonner added 25 points for Phoenix (2-3), which has lost three straight. Diana Taurasi picked up three fouls in the first half and finished with nine points.
The biggest soccer event in the world could be coming to Boston in the next decade.
The United Bid Committee announced this week that 32 cities across North America are being considered to serve as the Official Host City for the 2026 FIFA World Cup and Boston is among them.
The committee is eyeing 25 cities in the U.S., three in Mexico and four in Canada, according to a statement.
Having the World Cup in Boston -- or the other cities on the list -- could help boom soccer's popularity in North America, officials said.
"As we move to the next stage of the bid process, we're even more confident we have everything needed to deliver the largest, most compelling FIFA World Cup in history and help accelerate the growth of soccer across North America and around the world," said United Bid Chairman Sunil Gulati.
In the next stage of the bidding process, the committee will look at the 32 possible host cities and work with local officials to finalize hosting documents required by FIFA.
Representatives for the cities will travel to Houston during the week of Nov. 13 for a session with the United Bid Committee.
"We have a vision for growing the game and engaging fans as never before. Our biggest challenge will be finding ways to honor the enthusiasm of all the people across Canada, Mexico and the United States through the development of our united hosting concept," Gulati said.
Factors considered by the committee include city profile, stadium and support facilities, like training sites and hotels, as well as services like transportation, the statement said.
The potential host cities also reflect the "vast geographic and cultural diversity of North America and share a commitment to using the once-in-a-generation opportunity" to host the World Cup.
"We received applications from 41 cities across Canada, Mexico and the United States and narrowed the list after a comprehensive review of each of the communities and facilities. The 32 cities that we have identified as potential host cities, on their own and together, are prepared to welcome soccer fans from around the world. They are more than capable of helping fulfill the shared vision and ambition of FIFA and the United Bid in shaping the future of soccer in North America," said John Kristick, the executive director of the United Bid Committee.
The committee also considered ways each city could contribute to a united hosting strategy for the World Cup, including contributions to the development of the sport during the build-up to the tournament.
"While not every city will move forward as a potential host city, we were so impressed by all the applicants that we will continue to engage with all the cities as part of our hosting strategy and we will welcome the opportunity to work with FIFA to further expand our hosting concept to ensure the broadest possible impact for this spectacular event," Kristick said.
The cities being considered are:
Canada
Edmonton, Alberta
Montreal, Quebec
Toronto, Ontario
Vancouver, British Columbia
Mexico
Guadalajara, Jalisco
Mexico City, Mexico
Monterrey, Nuevo Leon
United States
Atlanta, Georgia
Baltimore, Maryland
Boston, Massachusetts
Charlotte, North Carolina
Cincinnati, Ohio
Chicago, Illinois
Dallas, Texas
Denver, Colorado
Detroit, Michigan
Houston, Texas
Kansas City, Missouri
Las Vegas, Nevada
Los Angeles, California
Miami, Florida
Minneapolis, Minnesota
Nashville, Tennessee
New York/New Jersey
Orlando, Florida
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
Phoenix, Arizona
Salt Lake City, Utah
San Francisco Bay Area
Seattle, Washington
Tampa, Florida
Washington, DC
The big splash isn't coming, or so general manager Jon Daniels has warned.
Almost certainly not at these winter meetings, which officially opened Monday. And likely not this off-season.
It's possible later, like as spring training approaches, if a big-money free agent gets antsy and becomes a not-as-big-money free agent. It's also possible that the Rangers attempt to resurrect Walter Johnson or Cy Young.
Maybe Yu Darvish becomes one of those free agents whose price tag keeps getting marked down. Or maybe, just maybe, the Rangers decide that the best way for them to contend in 2018 and beyond is to reunite with the pitcher they traded away July 31.
Never miss a local story. Sign up today for a free 30 day free trial of unlimited digital access. SUBSCRIBE NOW
Darvish is the top pitcher on the market, as agent Joel Wolfe billed him. He's feeling good and confident that 2018 will be the best season of their career, and motivated to be at their best so that they can return to the World Series and crush it rather than get crushed.
A deal for Darvish makes a lot of sense, even if the Rangers going cheap doesn't and never does except for that one time when they were, well, bankrupt.
They are not now, despite a decline in total attendance from 2016 to 2017, the purchase of two Class A teams and that big hole across the street from Globe Life Park that by 2020 will be Globe Life Field.
To hear Wolfe talk, all the Rangers need to do is make a reasonably competitive offer and Darvish will kiss their wife and kids and drive over from their Dallas home to sign the contract.
“They love Dallas,” said Wolfe, who just found a home for another client, Giancarlo Stanton. “That's the first place that they made home. They moved back to Dallas because they have a home and friends. They feel very comfortable.”
The Rangers had less money to offer Darvish at dinnertime Monday after agreeing around lunchtime to sign reliever Chris Martin, the former Arlington High School star, to a two-year deal worth $4 million following two successful seasons in Japan for the Hokkaido Nippon Ham Fighters.
That's the same team that posted Shohei Ohtani, so the Rangers got a hard-throwing Fighters righty after all.
More Videos 1:26 Jeff Banister talks about prospects of a six-man rotation Pause 1:32 Want an exotic pet in Fort Worth? The Humane Society of North Texas has you covered 0:46 Here are the top playmakers from the Cowboys' 30-10 win over the Giants 1:32 The truth about prescription opioids and addiction 0:46 Here are the top playmakers in the Packers' win over the Cowboys 1:32 Five things to know about new TCU AD Jeremiah Donati 0:32 Distracted driving PSA: 'Famous Last Words' 0:31 Tarrant County's 10 Most Wanted Criminals, December 6 1:23 Aledo defense smothers Richland 0:37 Suspects target multiple storage units in Blue Mound Video Link copy Embed Code copy
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Yu Darvish addresses trade, possible return to Rangers Former Texas Rangers right-hander Yu Darvish talks Monday about being traded to the Los Angeles Dodgers and possibly re-signing with the Rangers in the off-season. (Video by Jeff Wilson/Star-Telegram). Yu Darvish addresses trade, possible return to Rangers Former Texas Rangers right-hander Yu Darvish talks Monday about being traded to the Los Angeles Dodgers and possibly re-signing with the Rangers in the off-season. (Video by Jeff Wilson/Star-Telegram). Jeff Wilson jwilson@star-telegram.com
Once all the i's are dotted and t's are crossed, Martin will join Tony Barnette, who started in Japan before the Rangers signed them in December 2015, in the bullpen along with fellow righty Keone Kela and left-handers Jake Diekman and Alex Claudio.
Matt Bush would figure to stay in the bullpen with the addition of Darvish or the acquisition of another proven starter.
Darvish, despite all the complaints that they aren't an ace and the suspicions that they tip their pitches, has elite talent. They proved that they were healthy in 2017, their first full season back from Tommy John surgery, and saw the average velocity on their fastball peak at a career-high.
They want to go to a winner, Wolfe said, and wants to go to a place with quality people in place. There isn't anything that with the Rangers that is preventing Darvish from wanting to return, though Wolfe said that Darvish might not like the idea of a six-man or five-plus-one starting rotation.
Is anything keeping the Rangers from pursuing Darvish, setting aside the apparent lack of money?
“Relationship-wise, it's very good,” Daniels said. “A number of us are still in touch with him, have maintained contact. For years it's been a really good relationship. ...
“There are no other factors other than the traditional free agent decision points.”
Money, Daniels said, is a big part of it, and the Rangers have been stingy so far.
They have spent $16.5 million this off-season on two starters (Doug Fister, Mike Minor) and two relievers (Barnette, Martin). They might try to bag a center fielder who plays better defense than Delino DeShields and a catcher with more experience than Brett Nicholas, Juan Centeno and Jose Trevino.
That won't break the budget.
The Rangers need another starter and another reliever, preferably a proven veteran. Darvish and, say, Steve Cishek might put the Rangers over their projected budget, but ownership has a long, long history of approving deals that will expand their payroll by a few million.
Daniels conceded that the Rangers still have enough money to give out a bigger contract.
“Potentially,” they said.
Putting the money aside, adding Darvish makes too much sense. Not putting the money aside, adding Darvish makes too much sense.
Wolfe is hoping the market takes shape this week, and said the Rangers will “always” be a team whose money Darvish would happily take.
“Yu-san is very eager to find out where he's going to be playing next year,” Wolfe said. “We have a great deal of interest, as we should. They are, we believe, the best starting pitcher on the market or available in any capacity. We're starting to consider options, and hopefully this will be a busy week.”
ADAM Nicol takes a very different approach to those jockeys who complain about a lack of rides – and opportunities.
“There will always be lads who want to be in my shoes,” the six-foot tall rider tells The Yorkshire Post in an exclusive interview.
Their logic is two-fold. For six years, they have been stable jockey to Phil Kirby – one of Yorkshre's most ambitious trainers.
They now have a chance to ride horses like stable star Lady Buttons at this weekend's inaugural Dublin Racing Festival.
This is the ultra-consistent horse bred by owners Keith and Jayne Sivills, who live near Whitby, who could take Nicol's career to new heights if they win the Paddy Mullins Mares Handicap Hurdle at Leopardstown and continues Yorkshire jump racing's recent renaissance.
It is no tall order for a horse who has already provided seven victories for 28-year-old Nicol, who lives at Brompton-on-Swale.
After all, the mare's rise through the ranks – they were good enough to be seventh in the 2014 Champion Bumper at the Cheltenham Festival – mirrors Nicol's steady progress.
“She's a pleasure to ride,” says Nicol, whose love of horses stems from an idyllic childhood riding ponies on Northumberland's beaches. “She's got that presence about them It's almost they know she's quite good.
“Every lad out there needs a horse like them to get going on the big days.”
Nicol certainly does after this progressive horse was only narrowly beaten by the Warren Greatrex-trained La Bague Au Roi – now a favourite for the Cheltenham Festival – in the prestigious Mares Hurdle at Wetherby on Charlie Hall Chase day.
It was a thrilling finish – champion jockey Richard Johnson had to be at their strongest on the victor – and there was initial disappointment that Lady Buttons, trained at Kirby's purpose-built Catterick yard, had not prevailed.
Not from Nicol. They knew the reason was that Lady Buttons had not competed since a run on the Flat at Salisbury nearly two months previously and this is a horse that thrives on their racing.
They were vindicated when they won a competitive chase at Bangor less than a fortnight later. “The run at Wetherby just sharpened them up,” they said. “The form stacks up, with La Bague Au Roi winning at both Kempton and Ascot since.
“A lot of people thought they should have won. They won 12 days later at Bangor and I could tell how far they had come on for the run.”
This rider's instinct explains why Nicol and Kirby believe that they have a winning chance at Leopardstown tomorrow after the horse's fine fourth at the Dublin track over Christmas when the two-and-a-half-mile trip proved to be just too far.
Dropping back two furlongs in trip is ideal, says the rider, who says they will not be fazed about competing against Ireland's top horses and jockeys because of their affinity with Lady Buttons and their trust in them
Born in Seahouses near Alnwick, Nicol grew up surrounded by horses – their mother Marian has run Slate Hall Riding Centre for the past 46 years while they say their father Ian never needed an excuse to have a day off work to go racing.
They loved the freedom of riding ponies on the beach and regrets stopping riding because they were the only boy and they did not think the sport for him.
When they resumed riding at 15 after a day out at Kelso races, they only had a few months to enjoy the thrills of pony racing before turning 16. Yet this, says Nicol, has been the making of top young riders on both sides of the Irish Sea like the all-conquering Bowen brothers, Sean and James, Jack Kennedy, Johnny Burke and many others.
Stints in Scotland with Rose Dobbin and Lucinda Russell saw Nicol's career gradually take off before they moved to Middleham to work for Andy Crook – and start riding out once a week for Kirby.
Nicol describes Kirby “as one of the lads in the yard” and says they do not recall their trainer ever saying a word out of turn.
Happy horses, says the jockey, invariably mean winning horses and this is reflected by the stable's improving strike rate – on the Flat and over jumps – since moving to Catterick over a year ago.
They say it is significant that Kirby acquired Asum from the yard of Dan Skelton, National Hunt racing's most ruthless accumulator of winners, who had deemed the horse to be past their best. “Not many trainers do that,” they observed.
Fortunate that they are not put up overweight for many years despite their height – “I eat healthily but I can have a take-away if I want one” – Nicol believes they have perfected a quietly effective riding style to suit their physical size.
Even though there have been times in the past when they did not think they would make the grade, they could not be more content.  They are on 15 winners for the season and looking to beat the career-best 23 successes that they tallied in both 2015-16 and 2016-17.
“I said to my mum that if I had not moved to Middleham when I did, I may not have ridden out my claim. Now I'm in a very fortunate position,” adds Nicol, who studies top riders like Noel Fehily and Ruby Walsh to watch their horsemanship and tactics.
“Danny Cook didn't ride a horse until they were 16. Now he's on Definitly Red, who has a good chance in the Cheltenham Gold Cup.
“It's amazing what can happen if you keep your head down and keep kicking. It's a good yard to be in and I'm still young enough. I really wouldn't want to be working anywhere else.”
Today for the “Local Lunchbox” segment on Armed Fauxes Radio, J.d'Cell (subbing for Faux Eyes) played for you:
Thalweg by Gauss
The words of a key character in the 35th America's Cup
Richard Slater - America's Cup © ACEA 2017 / Gilles Martin-Raget Richard Slater - America's Cup © ACEA 2017 / Gilles Martin-Raget
by America's Cup today at 9:52 amRichard Slater's deep sailing knowledge, integrity and authority gifts them with the ideal armoury to deal with the intense pressure in their positions as the Vice Chairman of the Racing Rules Committee of World Sailing and as the Chief Umpire for the 35th America's Cup, as appointed by the competitors.“Racing should never be about the umpires and their decisions. It should be about the boats themselves and the excitement of the races,” suggested Slater who as part of the America's Cup Race Management (ACRM), an independent organization, oversees the sporting and competitive rules of the America's Cup.“The teams can also play a big part in that, because we are only called into the spotlight when they break the rules, so they affect that.”It is a view that has already been tested on multiple occasions throughout the enthralling and unpredictable racing seen on Bermuda's Great Sound and most notably in a contentious Louis Vuitton America's Cup Qualifiers Round Robin 1 race between Emirates Team New Zealand and Artemis Racing.
On that occasion, Slater, an Australian native and their multi-national team including Brad Dellenbaugh (USA-Umpire and Jury Chairman), Craig Mitchell (Great Britain-Umpire), Miguel Allen (Portugal-Umpire) and Alredo Ricci (Italy-Umpire) had just a few split moments to come to the decision to award Artemis Racing a dramatic final-mark penalty, handing Emirates Team New Zealand victory at the finish line.
“We have to almost have the decision before a penalty call is made so as soon as it do we have an immediate answer,” revealed Slater on the challenges the ACRM umpires face.
“The world of sailing we are in now, we have so many facts, our job is to prioritise the facts we need to look at and which facts we have to put aside.
“You have to turn off the other information and what you are seeing and hearing from the boats because each call is different.
“That's the biggest change we have had, we now have to prioritise the data rather than go hunting for it.
“It is a massive management battle but we do our best to make what we feel is the right call quickly from all the facts we have and see what the most likely outcome should be.”
Just as in all sports, umpires are not infallible and even with the best sailing umpires in the world that are overseeing the 35th America's Cup, Slater and their team had to later admit that their decision against Artemis Racing, on reflection, may have been different.
However, as seldom seen in many other major sports, Slater did not hide from the mistake, far from it, they instead stood in front of the glare of the world's media and took full responsibility for the incident.
“Transparency is definitely important for what we do. We are happy to hold our hands up when we are wrong but also it is important for the teams to know that when we feel a decision is correct, we mean it and they have to respect that.
“In rugby for instance everything stops and a video umpire can make a call after watching a replay multiple times.
“We don't have that because sailing doesn't stop, particularly with these boats because they are so fast, if we hesitated to make a call, something else could have happened in the meantime.
“There is also nowhere for us to hide out there or afterwards with the media attention so it is always in our best interest to be transparent and is something we always pride ourselves on.
“That communication between us and the teams is crucial. Any rule changes are discussed with the teams and so it is important that everyone body understands what is going on and there are no misunderstandings.
“I don't like being in front of the media and cameras but I am getting more and more used to it.”
With this instalment of the America's Cup proving more unpredictable than ever before, you would not bet against Slater getting further opportunities to become just a little more accustomed to their newfound place in the spotlight, as the sport continues its drive to become easily understood and accessible to a broader fan base than ever before.
If you want to link to this article then please use this URL: www.sail-world.com/154624
From: Barry Foster, High Stakesby, Whitby.
SURELY someone is going to seriously tackle the problem of knife crime in schools (The Yorkshire Post, January 30)?
People will have their reasons for this. Mine are simple, I hope. Television has much to answer for. Soaps used to be clean, informative and often funny. Look at them today. In every one, we see brutal attacks and killing. Is this entertainment?
Most of these take place in the early evening when, I assume, children and young people are watching. Is there no control over this? Many of the other programmes are certainly something to worry about.
Secondly, what about discipline in schools? All this seems to have gone. Pupils call teachers by their first names. Teachers are often dressed as if they have just walked out of a charity shop. When I was young, we respected our teachers.
Thirdly, National Service did bring us into line and again to learn respect. Probably we would have been taught to handle knives correctly.
Finally, it is also the responsibility of parents to take notice where their little offsprings are at night.
Perhaps if they had a look around some of our town and city centres, they would be more than surprised at what they do see and find.
'Dangal' inspires government, akhadas in Haryana to receive100 wrestling mats
The government is yet to provide Olympic standard mats to the wrestlers.
Mahavir Singh Phogat with daughters Geeta Phogat and Babita Phogat
What's the story?
Following the success of Amir Khan-starrer, Dangal, the Haryana government declared on Sunday that 100 wrestling mats will be provided to 'akhadas' in the state. Dangal, which is a feature based on wrestler Mahavir Singh Phogat and the rise of their daughters Geeta Phogat and Babita Kumari, highlights the struggle of Mahavir Singh to train their daughters into international champions.
Haryana Chief Minister Manohar Lal Khattar, also announced that the government has set up a committee led by the Chief Secretary to streamline the process of giving employment to the state's outstanding sportspersons. And depending on the recommendations of this committee, a new policy for sportspersons would also be formulated.
In case you didn't know...
In the movie, the directors explicitly highlight the cause of failure for women in sports in India. In a telling scene, Mahavir Phogat is seen being snubbed, when they plead to a local sports official for funds to buy a wrestling mat so that their budding daughters can practice on it rather than a sand bed. The official claimed that there is barely any funds left for the women's quota after paying for the men's'.
"After practising on the standard mat for years, Olympics mat par pair nahin jamte shuru se (one's feet do not move swiftly on Olympics mat immediately after practising on the standard one for years)," complained a young wrestler at Phogat's akhara.
The heart of the matter
Wrestling mats conforming to the Olympics standard, are made of thicker and higher density foam than that used in standard mats of the sort that Phogat's akhada has been provided with. Olympics standard mats offer more protection and impact absorption and hence cause fewer injuries to wrestlers.
According to India Times, Mahavir Singh Phogat said in an interview, "This is only a standard wrestling mat given by the government. I had put a similar one here a few years ago from my own funds. The government should provide us the Olympics-standard mat for the akharas so that our boys and girls practice from the start on the mat on which they later have to compete for international medals.”
What next?
The state government has also promised to make Phogat's akhada in Balali village, air-conditioned with separate changing rooms for men and women wrestlers. The government would even build a stadium in the village if the panchayat makes land available.
Sportskeeda's take
While it's good news that the Haryana government plans to provide 100 wrestling mats to akhadas in the state, it's also slightly damning that it takes a movie for administrators and officials to realise that sportspersons need at least the basic facilities.
Athletes from the state of Haryana has won India the most number of medals at the Asian and Commonwealth Games in wrestling. And akharas in villages across the state are seen as fertile breeding grounds for future medalists. Dangal, for its part, has surely helped pin down the problem and spur a change.
Peterborough United manager Grant McCann was pleased with how their side stood up to a physical League One match at AFC Wimbledon today (April 17).
Posh drew 0-0 at Kingsmeadow in a game of few chances. The draw kept McCann's men in 11th place with two matches to go.
McCann also praised the contribution of teenage left-back Lewis Freestone and emerging midfielder Callum Chettle.
“We knew it was going to be a physical battle,” McCann stated. “And I was pleased with the way my players stood up to it.
“The back four dealt with the game very well. They get a lot of balls into the penalty area, but we handled it well.
“Andrew Hughes doesn't look out of place at centre-back, while Lewis Freestone has taken to League One very impressively.
“It was just their second game in the Football League, but you wouldn't have known it. We will continue to nurture them and they will be a top player for this club in the future.
“I like Callum Chettle as well. They played a couple of magnificent passes today. They glide with the ball at their feet. I think he's quicker in possession than out of it.
“Callum will be here next season and I expect them to play a much bigger part.
“The disappointment today was our quality. I couldn't fault the energy, the workrate or our tempo, but we couldn't find the bit of quality that would lead to a goal.
“We got into good positions, but the cross would just fall out of reach of the target or the shot would be saved.
“I'm disappointed with a 0-0, but the commitment was good.”
Posh host a Bristol Rovers side still with a chance of reaching the play-offs in their final home game next Saturday (April 22) before travelling to promotion-chasers Bolton on the final day of the season on April 30.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get Chelsea FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Didier Drogba is continuing to show off some of their best form for Phoenix Rising by scoring yet another scorcher.
Less than two weeks ago the Ivorian stunned football fans worldwide with a sensational 35-yard free-kick.
The 39-year-old stepped up and, like they did so many times for Chelsea, found the back of the net from a set-piece.
Despite their latest strike coming in training, the movement, technique and execution are all akin to a Drogba from 15 years ago.
(Image: didierdrogba/Instagram)
(Image: didierdrogba/Instagram)
Cutting in on their right foot, the striker smashed the ball into the top corner leaving the keeper grounded.
(Image: @PHXRisingFC /Twitter)
The 39-year-old joined the American third tier side in April as a player, but also joined Rising's "MLS expansion franchise ownership group".
Rising currently sit 11th in the USL table.
Many people looking at their February calendars are doing a double-take with Ash Wednesday falling on Feb. 14, Valentine's Day. (CNS illustration/Joe Heller)
WASHINGTON (CNS) -- Many people looking at their February calendars are doing a double-take with Ash Wednesday falling on Feb. 14, Valentine's Day.
The two days, steeped in tradition, don't have too much in common beyond their religious roots. Valentine's Day, named after St. Valentine, a third-century martyr, is all about romance with its emphasis on cards, candy, flowers and nice dinners, where Ash Wednesday takes a more somber tone as the start of 40 days of prayer, fasting and almsgiving of Lent.
Ash Wednesday also is one of two days, along with Good Friday, that are obligatory days of fasting and abstinence for Catholic adults -- meaning no eating meat and eating only one full meal and two smaller meals. In other words, not a day for consuming candy hearts, chocolate cakes or fancy steak dinners.
And for those who wonder if Catholic bishops might grant a dispensation from the day's fasting requirements, as they sometimes have with the no meat rule when St. Patrick's Day falls on a Friday in Lent, they should probably think again.
Bishop Robert J. Baker of Birmingham, Alabama, told Catholics in their diocese in a Jan. 29 statement that "some have wondered whether a dispensation for the standard laws of fast and abstinence would be granted" Feb. 14.
"A dispensation will not be given," they wrote, stressing that this decision was "out of respect for the importance of Ash Wednesday in the lives of so many -- including our non-Catholic brethren -- and the way this custom underlines the importance of the Lenten season at its outset."
They suggested Catholics celebrate Valentine's Day on another "non-penitential day," maybe even Feb. 13 -- which is Mardi Gras.
"The good Lord, who suffered so much out of love for us, will surely reward our fidelity and sacrifice," they added.
A Jan. 26 statement by the Archdiocese of Chicago similarly suggested celebrating Valentine's Day on Mardi Gras: "a traditionally festive time before beginning our Lenten observance."
"Catholics throughout the world recognize Ash Wednesday as the solemn beginning of a period of prayerful reflection and penance, as is evident by the large number of churchgoers on this day," the statement said, stressing that the day's "obligation of fast and abstinence must naturally be the priority in the Catholic community."
Joseph Zwilling, communications director for the Archdiocese of New York, told Catholic News Service that New York Cardinal Timothy M. Dolan did not give any dispensation for Catholics for Valentine's Day and pointed out that St. Patrick is the patron saint of the archdiocese, which puts the celebration of that day "into a different category."
Similarly, the Archdiocese of Detroit was not giving a pass. Ned McGrath, archdiocesan director of communications, told the Detroit Free Press: "I have no reason to doubt the ability of my fellow Catholics to multi-task, honoring their commitment to the church's liturgical calendar and, if they so choose, to observe Valentine's Day and April Fools' Day," (which coincidentally falls on Easter this year).
They also noted that the last time Ash Wednesday and Valentine's Day overlapped, in 1945, the Detroit Tigers won the World Series.
Researchers at the Center for Applied Research in the Apostolate, or CARA, based at Georgetown University, point out that the two days will overlap again in 2024 and 2029 and that in 2096, Ash Wednesday will occur on Leap Day -- Feb.29 for the first time in the church's history.
Despite the rarity of this year's Ash Wednesday date, an article on the CARA website notes that it is unlikely the U.S. bishops would give an Ash Wednesday dispensation as some of them have on St. Patrick's Day mainly because not much is known about St. Valentine. It points out that they are said to have been killed at the command of Emperor Claudius in the year 278 for marrying Christians at a time when the emperor was trying to recruit single men for the army.
Not only are there few details of the saint, there are also mixed accounts of possibly three different martyrs named Valentine that share a Feb. 14 feast day. The confusion and lack of details led the church to remove the liturgical feast of St. Valentine from the general church calendar in the late 1960s.
Instead, Sts. Cyril and Methodius, brothers known as the "Apostles of the Slavs" for their work in spreading the Gospel throughout Eastern Europe in the ninth century, have the Feb. 14 feast day spot on the church calendar, although this year their day is superseded by Ash Wednesday.
These brothers -- who developed an alphabet and translated the bible and other works in a Slavic language -- have just as much to say about love on a day when that is celebrated because of their emphasis on communication, which is so key to relationships, said Father Leo Patalinghug, who has a cooking show on the Eternal Word Television Network called "Savoring our Faith."
The priest, who knows a thing or two about making a good Lenten meal, and also writes and talks about couples keeping their relationships strong by celebrating with good meals once a month, sees no conflict in the Ash Wednesday, Valentine's Day overlap. Instead, they view it as a great teaching moment.
In between cooking segments Jan. 31 for their television program, the Baltimore priest who is part of a community of consecrated life called Voluntas Dei, told CNS that the overlap was a "special providence of God" because it can offer a deeper sense of what love really means -- which at times requires sacrifice.
"Love is not just sweets and chocolates," said the priest who wrote the 2012 cookbook: "Spicing Up Married Life" which includes recipes, prayers and conversation topics. "You can have chocolate cake anytime," they added.
As they see it, the bigger lesson is to think about "going without and where that will lead you."
"So often people treat love like fast food when love -- and all things of God -- take time," they added.
They said this Valentine's Day couples have the "perfect day to start Lent and to have that discussion of what love means." And, they can also have a modest meal that is delicious.
Overall, it's "absolutely a win-win," they noted because couples can have a "Lent appropriate menu" essentially infused with the day's reminder "to know humbly we are from dust."
- - -
Follow Zimmermann on Twitter: @carolmaczim.
The Trump administration has been sharply curtailing outreach to promote health-care sign-ups under Affordable Care Act exchanges — cutting the enrollment period in half, scheduling outages for HealthCare.gov on Sundays and other popular times, slashing the advertising budget, and axing grants for groups that help people enroll — but President Trump and their aides are also quietly denying waivers for states trying to increase competition and lower costs for residents. And in at least one case, The Washington Post reports, Trump themselves said no.
Officials in GOP-controlled Iowa had requested a Section 1332 waiver to transform the state's ObamaCare exchanges along conservative lines to expand marketplace options and contain premiums, and after Trump read about Iowa's plan, closely watched by other states, in The Wall Street Journal, they grew angry, The Washington Post reports, citing an individual briefed on what happened:
Trump first tried to reach [then-HHS Secretary Tom] Price, the individual recounted, but the secretary was traveling in Asia and unavailable. The president then called Seema Verma, administrator of the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, the agency charged with authorizing or rejecting Section 1332 applications. CMS had been working closely with Iowa as it fine-tuned its submission. ... Trump's message in late August was clear: ... Tell Iowa no. [The Washington Post]
The Trump administration has also effectively nixed a request from Oklahoma, which detailed its frustration in a letter last Friday, and other red and blue states. ObamaCare supporters see these rejected waivers as part of a broader ObamaCare sabotage effort. Sen. Patty Murray (D-Wash.), who is working on a bipartisan Senate plan to fix ObamaCare issues, warned that if Trump "is only interested in sabotaging the market, that is a dangerous road for them to ride, because they will own it." You can read more at The Washington Post. Peter Weber
For the first time in 28 years, images tied to the Wellington killer clown, cold-case murder investigation have been made public.
Scroll for more content...
The photos depict a slice of life just before 40-year-old Marlene Warren was shot in the face by a person dressed in a clown costume back in 1990. They also show life after the murder: crime scene photos, funeral pictures, seized evidence and aerial shots of the home on Take Off Place in Wellington where Warren was gunned down.
The images were made public through a records request to the Palm Beach County State Attorney's Office. They are now releasable since detectives arrested a woman for the crime last September.
Sheila Keen-Warren was arrested in Washington County, Va. and charged with first degree murder in Marlene Warren's death. Detectives believe they dressed up in a full-face clown costume and delivered flowers and balloons before shooting Marlene in the face.
Investigators suspected Keen-Warren after rumors surfaced that they were having an affair with Marlene's husband, Michael Warren. Them photo is even depicted in a line-up of women, given to potential witnesses to see if they could identify the possible killer.
Sheila Keen-Warren (then Sheila Keen) and Michael Warren denied the rumors, but 12 year later, the two married in Las Vegas, and moved to Abingdon, Va.
Nearly three decades later, armed with newly tested evidence and advances in forensic science, detectives finally felt they had enough to make an arrest.
While evidence in the cold case has slowly been made public since Keen-Warren's arrest, investigators confirm the case is still open and more arrests could be coming.
UPDATE: The community of Hayfield is coming together after a 10-year-old dies unexpectedly.
According to the Facebook page of Hayfield - Brownsdale Cub Scout Pack 50, on March 24, there will be a benefit for the boy's, Anthony Reid, family at their annual Pinewood Derby.
At the derby, there will be a pulled pork meal for $7 and any donations that people are willing to give. If you are not able to make it, there is an account set up at the Citizens State Bank in Hayfield where people can donate. You also can donate at Hayfield, Dodge Center or Mantorville Banks. People can send checks payable to Anthony Reid Benefit to the bank at P.O. Box 5 Hayfield, MN 55940.
The benefit meal will begin Saturday at 10 a.m.
___________________________
PREVIOUS STORY: Hayfield Community School District is mourning following the death of one of their students.
On the district's Facebook page, the school says they are deeply saddened when they learned of the boys death. Their full response is posted below.
The district says they are providing comfort rooms for any students who need it. Rooms are staffed with counselors.
________________________________
PREVIOUS STORY: A crisis response counseling program begins Monday at Hayfield Schools, after a 10-year-old boy died at their home unexpectedly Sunday morning.
Just before 11:30 a.m., the Dodge County Sheriff's office responded to a report of a young male, found in bed unresponsive with CPR in progress.
Hayfield Fire and Dodge County Ambulance rushed to the scene. Lifesaving efforts were not successful. The boy was pronounced dead at the scene.
The Olmsted County Medical Examiner's office was brought in to investigate.
According to the Sheriff, the boy showed no signs of obvious trauma and had no known medical history. An autopsy this week will determine cause of death, although investigators believe it was likely due to natural causes.
Los Angeles: Actress Jennifer Aniston has hinted at the possibility of a Friends reunion, almost 15 years after the popular show ended.
The Yellow Birds actor talked about the show during an appearance on "The Ellen DeGeneres Show", reports independent.co.uk.
The actor also gave some details on their new TV series with actor Reese Witherspoon. But the conversation didn`t stick to their new show -- it focused on an old one Friends.
After performing the clap from the Friends theme song "I`ll be there for you", DeGeneres asked Aniston what everyone has always been wondering about a reunion: "Is it even in the realm of possibility?"
The Emmy award-winning actor played it cool and said: "Anything is a possibility, Ellen. Anything! Right? I mean, George Clooney got married? That's like an anything can happen."
Friends had a successful run on TV from 1994 to 2004, starring Aniston, Courteney Cox, Lisa Kudrow, Matt LeBlanc, Matthew Perry and David Schwimmer.
Spread over 10 seasons, the sitcom revolves around six friends living in Manhattan.
In case you hadn't heard, Jim Carrey is a visual artist now. Most notably, he's turned to the venerable art of political caricature — specifically, to caricatures of various members of the Trump organization. This is not always met with universal acclaim, however. Jim Carrey's portrait of Sarah Huckabee Sanders has infuriated Twitter because of what many deem to be an unflattering portrayal and a low blow in the description that they posted along with it — though a spokesperson for Carrey would not confirm that the portrait was indeed of Sanders.
The picture portrays an angry-looking, dark-haired woman, with arched eyebrows and a mouth wide open, as though they were in the middle of a heated statement.
"This is the portrait of a so-called Christian whose only purpose in life is to lie for the wicked. Monstrous!" reads the caption that Carrey posted along with the portrait on Twitter.
This caption, along with the portrait's likeness to the White House press secretary, left little doubt in the Twitter commentators' minds that Carrey had indeed to paint a picture of Sanders.  They are open about their Christian religion, though perhaps not so outspoken about it as their father Mike Huckabee. As the press secretary at the Trump White House, they have been caught in numerous falsehoods defending the White House.
Carrey's likeness of Sanders, however, has drawn harsh criticism from commentators. An article in AV Club called it "incredibly mean-spirited," and people on Twitter lobbed personal insults at Carrey in addition to criticizing the portrait. " @ JimCarrey why did your girlfriend kill herself?" said one Twitter user, referring to the suicide of Carrey's late girlfriend Cathriona White. "And this is the picture if a has-been, who hasn't put out a decent movie in 15 years," wrote another, along with a picture of Carrey.
"And this is one more reason that I'm done with Hollywood. It's ok to be mean and hurtful as long as it's to someone you disagree with, right?" wrote another Twitter user. "Btw, this is a classic example of bullying. But again, it's ok as long as it's someone you disagree with, right?"
Overall, people seemed to take the most umbrage at Carrey's use of the word "Christian," implying that criticizing someone for their religion was out of bounds.
Sanders isn't the only member of the Trump organization to have drawn Carrey's artistic ire, however. In February, Carrey posted a cartoon of White House Chief of Staff John Kelly being trampled by a carousel horse driven by a tweeting figure. "All who enter their crooked carnival with integrity are doomed to leave without it," the caption read. "General Kelly has been trampled by their own compromise. Who dares be the next to ride the carousel of fools?! Muahahaha!!!"
Carrey also captioned a cartoon of House Intelligence Committee chair Devin Nunes dressed as an old-school diner waiter with the words, "'White House delivery boy; can I take your order?!' ;^P" Also in the cartoon are the words "Nothing Burgers" and "One pointless memo coming up! Will that be all Mr. P?"
The other caricatures also draw their fair share of criticism of — and defense of — Carrey, although the focus tends to be slightly different since they're less personal than the cartoon portraying Sanders. "You are a pathetic piece of liberal garbage. Liberalism. Find a CURE," wrote one Twitter user in response to the Nunes cartoon. Someone replies directly about that user, however, wrote "Jim, I knew you are an amazing actor, but I never knew what an intelligent human being you are! I love who you are and what you stand for!"
Political cartoons are divisive by nature, and Carrey has probably figured that out by now. However, it doesn't seem like they have any time of slowing down their production.
Serena Williams is a legend. Regardless of if you're a tennis fan, or even a fan of sports in general, their prowess is undeniable, and people are endlessly curious about their life. So will HBO's Being Serena return for Season 2?
Right now, it looks like the documentary series focused on Williams, their career and their family, is a one-and-done kind of deal. Deadline reported in March that Being Serena was meant to be a five-part show, and made no mention of any possible second season. The documentary series follows a very specific part in Williams' life, during which they grapple with their relationship to tennis, their baby, their marriage, and what their future plans might be. Allowing fans and viewers to get in on that experience is a whole different ball game than indefinitely allowing a crew to film your every move, so it's not that surprising if a second season isn't in the works.
Regardless of how long the show goes on, it's obvious that people behind the doc were stoked about telling Williams' story. "Serena Williams is a force unlike any other," said Mark Shapiro, Co-President of WME and IMG said ahead of the first season's premiere, according to the same Deadline piece. "Her entire life is one of the hero's journey, and it has been a privilege to work with them as they enter this next phase. HBO was an incredible partner in developing a unique look into Serena's world, and we look forward to sharing this all-access story with the world in May."
HBO on YouTube
It's also clear how important the doc was to Williams herself. In fact, the whole thing appears to have been their idea to begin with — they wanted a way to ensure that they were creating lasting, solid memories for their family that they could easily look back on. "It was super-organic," the athlete told The New York Times. "When I found out I was pregnant, I was saying, ‘I really want to get some footage of me,' because I remember my dad had all this film when we were younger, all this cool footage, and I wanted to start this journey for [new daughter] Olympia, even though they were the size of a raspberry at the time."
HBO
Williams' voice is scattered throughout the series in the form of voice-overs, directing what they want audiences to see and what they want viewers to know about them Reviews for the doc have been largely favorable, too, so a second season would likely be welcome if Williams ever decided they were game to let people back in. "There's something still striking about seeing an important figure in the sports world subvert any existing perception that having a child is somehow a point of weakness," IndieWire's Steve Greene wrote, while noting that the documentary does lack a sense of "uncertainty" that's necessary for a more dramatic viewing experience.
Even in the absence of more Being Serena, Williams is still giving people plenty more to watch. On May 29, they won their first Grand Slam tennis competition since giving birth to their daughter, according to the BBC. It was Williams' first competition overall on the tennis court since 2016, but they were ready. "Two years is a long time but I've trained hard on this surface," Williams told the outlet." Aside from tennis, fans can also follow Williams' social media, which frequently features adorable photos of their daughter as well as their husband, Reddit co-founder Alexis Ohanian (they attended Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's wedding, no big deal). So if you loved Being Serena, give those a gander, and keep looking out for whatever it is Williams is about to do next.
BUSINESS
Korean stem cell scientist Hwang Woo-suk oversees a cloning procedure on a dog in November 2014 at the Sooam Biotech Research Foundation in Seoul. (Park Hyun-koo/The Korea Herald)
Hwang Woo-suk, a South Korean stem cell scientist who caused a major stir in the scientific community for academic fraud in 2005, has recently lost a legal battle over the rights to a technique critical to re-creating the woolly mammoth.According to local reports Tuesday, Hwang had filed a criminal complaint against Park Se-pil of Jeju National University and their research colleagues, accusing them of embezzlement and attempted blackmail.However, the Seoul Eastern District Prosecutor's Office said it did not find sufficient evidence of the claims against Park and their team, closing the case that had been open for years.In 2012, Hwang started working with Russian researchers at the North-Eastern Federal University in Yakutsk to clone mammoths based on cell samples retrieved from a preserved mammoth carcass found in the Siberia region in eastern Russia.The plan was to replicate the mammoth cells in a lab. From the copied cells, researchers would extract the nucleus, which contains the animal's genetic information. The nucleus would then be inserted into the eggs of female elephants, the closest living relatives to the now-extinct animal.Hwang's mammoth cloning project had garnered international attention at the time, even prompting National Geographic to air a detailed documentary on the Korean scientist and their work in 2013.However, Hwang and their Russian research partners ran into technological hurdles even before the cloning process could begin. For years, the team continuously failed to artificially cultivate the mammoth cells in the lab.In 2015, Hwang recruited the help of Park and their team, who claimed they were able to successfully cultivate the mammoth cells needed for the nucleus transplant, based on the samples provided by Hwang.Hwang and Park ended up clashing over the ownership of the cell cultivation technology. Hwang argued that Park's work constitutes a part of their own research and that they thus possesses the sole rights related to all the related experimental methods.Meanwhile, Park claimed Hwang provided the mammoth cells without prior conditions and the research should be considered a collaborative effort, as their team's cell cultivation method plays a critical role.According to records, Park refused to hand over their work to Hwang without signing proper terms of agreement, stating that they would rather dispose of the cultivated mammoth cells than freely pass them on to Hwang.Hwang then sued Park and their team on embezzlement and attempted blackmail. However, the prosecution decided not to pursue the charges of the alleged offenses earlier this month.The recent investigation has also prompted new allegations that Hwang illegally imported the mammoth samples into Korea without duly reporting to local authorities. Hwang has denied such allegations to the prosecution, according to local reports.Hwang Woo-suk, 64, is a former professor at the College of Veterinary Medicine at Seoul National University. They were placed at the center of one of the world‘s biggest scientific scandals in 2005 for fabricating evidence they had successfully cloned human embryos and yielded stem cell lines from them.Recently, the disgraced scientist rose to the domestic spotlight for being a close collaborator to Sunchon National University professor Park Ki-young, who was recently appointed as the new chief of the Science, Technology and Innovation Office at Korea's Ministry of Science and ICT.However, Park, who had been a co-author of Hwang's fraudulent research paper in 2005, resigned from their post last week after the local science community and politicians fiercely opposed their appointment, citing ethical lapses.By Sohn Ji-young ( jys@heraldcorp.com
Famous In Love, starring Bella Thorne, Carter Jenkins and Charlie DePew, focuses on a college student who gets their big break in show business, and of course, a lot of conflict ensues. There are definitely fans who would be happy to see Famous In Love come back for Season 3 for more overnight success drama. But as of the May 30 season finale, Freeform hasn't made any announcements regarding the fate of the series.
There isn't much word on the future of the series, but its ratings could spell trouble. According to TVSeriesFinale.com, Famous In Love is averaging about 258,000 viewers in the 18-34 demographic in its second season, which is about 22 percent down from the viewer count of Season 1. If the show does end up being renewed by the network, Famous In Love fans are still in for a wait — Seasons 1 and 2 both premiered in early April of their respective years, so that's probably when viewers could expect a potential third season to appear.
Regardless of what the ratings might suggest, the Freeform series has a dedicated fanbase that wants to see it succeed. Even just a glance at Twitter when the show is on provides plenty of insight into just how invested some viewers have become in the Famous In Love characters:
And others are already gearing up to be unhappy if Famous in Love doesn't come back.
The cast is among those who live tweet the show, too, and it's clear that they'd be game for any additional episodes if that's the way things shake out. Thorne told Collider last year that she'd already read the book Famous in Love is based on before they read the script for the show, and it sounds like they were one of the driving forces behind getting the adaptation made. "I put a quote on the book, and then me and my manager were discussing making the book into a show," Thorne told the outlet. "He knows [creator I. Marlene King] really well and was like, 'She'd be amazing for this! They know just how to do this, in all the right ways.' And they did. We read the script and we loved it, and then we were attached to it."
Thorne also said that they shopped around a lot before landing with Freeform as a home for Famous in Love — they wanted to make sure someone was going to take care with the story. "We met with nine different networks, and we really loved Freeform the most," the actor said in the same interview. "We liked what they had to say about the show and where they wanted to go with the characters, which was really cool."
TV Promos on YouTube
According to TVInsider.com, in the past, Famous In Love episodes have aired weekly on Freeform, but seasons have been immediately available in their entirety on Freeform.com and Hulu. Thorne told the site that this format worried them a little in terms of ratings.
"If everybody's going to be bingeing it, not a lot of people will be watching it live," they said last year, ahead of the Season 1 premiere. "That worries me a little bit. I want it to do well. I want people to really like the show, of course. For the most part, being binge-able is awesome. That's what people do now. That's what I do. I don't watch shows every week. So, it's much better in my opinion, if you're into that."
It's unclear if this format ended up affecting the Famous In Love ratings, or if the slightly lower viewer count will end up determining the future of the series. But for now, fans will just have to wait.
By The Associated Press
National Team Leaders
By The Associated Press
Passing Offense
Through games of Dec. 09
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Fantasy booking: Roman Reigns vs Brock Lesnar II
The stage is set for the rematch.
@HJKettle by Harry Kettle Opinion 15 Jun 2017, 02:32 IST
WM34 – the stage is set
Roman Reigns is the face of the WWE, and we're sorry to have to be the ones that break it to you. The Big Dog has main evented the last three WrestleManias, and if the rumour mill is to be believed, then he's going to make it four in a row next year in New Orleans. Does that make us angry? Yes. Does it make us not want to watch it? A little.
But at this stage in the proceedings what good would it do to tear Reigns down for the millionth time? Sure it's annoying, and sure it feels like we aren't being listened to, but after the rise of Daniel Bryan, you just knew that Vince wasn't going to let the fans get the best of him. Not this time.
So instead of being down in the dumps, let's open our eyes to all of the possible scenarios that are on the table for the next ten months. For the purposes of this piece we're going to focus on what we think, and in our hearts know, will be the main event of WrestleMania 34 at the Mercedes-Benz Superdome: Brock Lesnar vs. Roman Reigns for the WWE Universal Championship.
It's a saddening thought, but if WM30 taught us anything, it's that things aren't always as simple as they seem. The likely scenario for the sequel between these two goliaths is a babyface Roman standing tall with the belt draped over their shoulder, but that's far too depressing to comprehend so let's try and put a fresh twist on this.
Also read: 5 incidents that made the fans hate Roman Reigns
We'll start the story off with Brock Lesnar's first title defence against Samoa Joe at Great Balls of Fire, which he'll inevitably win after a hard fought affair. Following this Lesnar is forced to defend their title at SummerSlam, with their opponent this time round being the Monster Among Men Braun Strowman. After an absolute slugfest, the Beast Incarnate barely escapes with their title after a stupendous F-5 to the big man.
On the opposite end of the scale, we've got Roman Reigns who are set to announce their plans for SummerSlam this coming Monday night on Raw. For the purposes of this storyline, we want those plans to be a one on one dream match with John Cena, and we'd actually have Big Matched John come out on top.
We realise that's an unpopular viewpoint but just go with it. Following the match, Cena asks for a handshake from Roman as a sign of respect, as the former Shield enforcer plasters a brave face over their despair and continues with their career.
Over the next few months, we see Reigns slowly starting to crawl back into their shell, not really talking much on the mic in between matches. At the same time, we've got the part time Lesnar going off to chill on their farm in Canada because come on, we've got to be realistic about this.
We'd have it ‘leak' into the dirtsheets that Lesnar isn't doing so well physically, which will eventually be played into a storyline. As we head into Survivor Series, Reigns is made co-captain of Team Raw against SmackDown Live, meanwhile, Brock successfully defends their belt against a plucky Finn Balor – but only just.
In the 5-on-5 match, Reigns is eliminated early in what many see as a bit of a shocker, which leads to Roman losing it completely by spearing one of their teammates. The Big Dog walks to the back, a shadow of the man we once knew.
Roman and Brock are both kept off television for the most part over the next few weeks, with Lesnar and Heyman returning a few weeks before the Royal Rumble. Paul says he's heard the speculation surrounding Brock's well-being but wants to reassure the world that the Beast is still in the driving seat and will hold the title for as long as they see fit.
Cue Seth Rollins, who feels like he's earned a shot at the belt – and the rematch is thus set by Kurt Angle for the Rumble. In the match, which goes on before the Rumble, Lesnar catches Seth with a fortunate F-5 after a gruelling 25-minute match. Brock stares down the camera after their victory and screams like the alpha male they are, with Michael Cole proclaiming “can anyone stop Brock Lesnar?!”.
In the actual Rumble match, we get to number 30, with many expecting Reigns to come out, but they don't. The conclusion of the match sees the underdog Sami Zayn last eliminate Braun Strowman to win the battle royal – sending the crowd into an absolute frenzy.
But the night isn't over just yet as Triple H announces there will be a 31st entrant in the match: Roman Reigns. The former champion comes out to nuclear heat, with a full beard to look like even more of a bad ass.
Reign eliminates the stunned Zayn with ease, setting up the rematch that's been three years in the making – Brock Lesnar vs. Roman Reigns. It was predictable to many, but a heel Roman certainly ramps up the intensity of the affair.
In the build up to Mania, Heyman tries to get a rise out of Reigns by bringing up WrestleMania 31 and their past failures against the Beast. Over the course of the few months prior to the show Reigns continues to show a blank expression, squashing any babyfaces that step into their path.
On the Raw before Mania things get to the point where even Brock gets on the mic, shouting “say something you little bitch” to the stone cold Roman. They pause, smiles, and quietly whispers “this is my yard” into the mic before low blowing Brock.
Six nights later at WrestleMania, the match is made a No Holds Barred encounter with little notice, immediately turning the tables in favour of Reigns. The Big Dog survives an onslaught from the tiring Beast, eventually getting the best of them courtesy of some sickening chair shots.
Then, to seal the deal, Reigns strikes Lesnar with a sledgehammer before bouncing off the ropes and hitting a fourth spear of the match. They cover Brock, wins the match and becomes the biggest heel champion that the company has seen in years.
It's their yard now, people.
Send us news tips at fightclub@sportskeeda.com
Someone who purchased a lottery ticket in the Comox Valley was chanelling the luck of the Irish on Saint Patrick's Day Saturday, as they are now a millionaire twice over.
That's because there was one winner in Saturday's BC49 draw, with the six numbers matching a ticket purchased from the Valley.
The matching numbers – 6, 8, 13, 22, 36, 42 is worth a cool $2 million.
There is no word from the BC Lottery Corporation where exactly the ticket was purchased, or whether the prize has been claimed.
© Joshua Roberts / Reuters
House Minority leader Nancy Pelosi read a fake tweet to reporters on Tuesday not knowing it came from a parody account of resigned National Security Advisor Michael Flynn. Pelosi falsely said that Flynn had described themselves as a "scapegoat" in the blunder.Flynn resigned from their position as national security advisor on Monday after allegedly downplaying conversation they had with the Russian Ambassador Sergey I. Kislyak when detailing the call afterwards to Vice-President Mike Pence."The tweet of General Flynn today was 'scapegoat'. Do you know what a scapegoat is?" Pelosi said during a news conference at the Capitol on Tuesday, before providing those in attendance with the Biblical definition of the term."What can be drawn from their statement is that other people have blame that should be shared in all of this," the Democrat continued.When informed by an aide that what they had just read was fake the Democrat reportedly replied, "What do you mean it's fake?" according to a journalist at the press conference.Elijah Cummings (D-Maryland) also made the same mistake at the event, reportedly due to a story from the New York Times, which was also fooled by the parody account and used its tweets as genuine quotes. The NYT has since removed the reference.Massachusetts Senator Elizabeth Warren used the term "scapegoat" in a tweet, but it is unknown if this is a reference to the parody account's tweet.The parody account itself hit out at those fooled by its presence, saying it was "a testament to the severity of liberal #FakeNews epidemic that Dem politicians falsely accuse others based on 100% unverified nonsense!"
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Michelle Connor's biological son is set to make a shock return to Coronation Street .
But some fans may not recognise Alex Neeson, as Mount Pleasant star James Burrowes will take on the role after it was previously played by Daario Coates.
Alex left the cobbles back in April 2008 after it was revealed that they were Michelle's biological son, not Ryan.
Michelle was horrified when they found out that Ryan wasn't related to them following a hospital mix-up.
(Image: Sky One)
(Image: ITV)
They briefly appeared in Weatherfield but wasn't keen about having much to do with their mum.
Alex is returning to the cobbles 10 years later after being given a job in the medical centre - how will Michelle react when they find out?
Michelle has had an incredibly difficult time over the past year on the soap.
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
As well as trying to deal with the death of their stillborn son Ruari, Michelle has had to cope with estranged husband Steve having a baby with Leanne following a one-night stand.
Why has Alex returned? And has they got an ulterior motive?
*Coronation Street airs Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 7.30pm and 8.30pm on ITV
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Michael Jackson's daughter Paris Jackson has been granted a temporary restraining order against an alleged stalker.
In court documents lodged in Los Angeles on Tuesday, tthe 20-year-old model claimed Nicholas Lewis Stevens arrived at a recording studio where they were working in June.
Stevens is alleged to have told them they had visited the studio on multiple occasions and once waited 15 hours to see Paris.
It's claimed Paris' friend confronted the alleged stalker and once police were called, they told the actor and model, "by midnight it will all be over..." before making reference to a shotgun.
(Image: Splash News)
According to the documents, Stevens also tweeted Paris to say they were soul mates.
A judge has granted a temporary restraining order which means Stevens must stay at least 100 yards away from Jackson and refrain from communicating with them in any way until another hearing on July 24.
(Image: Instagram/parisjackson)
It comes days after Paris revealed they were with their late grandfather, Joe Jackson, in their final moments.
After news of their death broke, tributes flooded in from around the world and now their grandchild, Michael Jackson's daughter Paris, has paid their own tribute to the "first true Jackson".
In a lengthy Instagram post, Paris, 20, shared a picture appearing to show them and Jackson's hands entwined on a hospital bed, as well as images of the patriarch at varying stages of their life.
(Image: Getty Images North America)
They wrote: "Spending those last few moments with you were everything. being able to tell you everything I needed to tell you before saying goodbye was such a blessing. everyone that came to visit you, came with love, respect, and so much pride in their hearts for you.
"Proud of you, proud to be your children, grandchildren, and great-grandchildren, proud to have your strength and share the dynasty you spent your life creating, and proud to be a jackson."
video size: 640x360 730x576 1024x576 1280x720 1920x1080 custom size x Advanced Embed Example Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document.
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document. .videoWrapper { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; padding-top: 25px; height: 0; } .videoWrapper iframe { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } show more
SAN FRANCISCO (Oct. 6, 2017) The Navy Band Southwest's 32 Street Brass Band and Woodwind Quintet perform at the Ferry Building during San Francisco Fleet Week 2017. Fleet Week offers the public an opportunity to meet Sailors, Marines, and members of the Coast Guard, and gain a better understanding of how sea services support the national defense of the United States and freedom of the seas. (U.S. Navy video by Mass Communication Specialist 2nd Class Chelsea Troy Milburn)
We Remember The Wrong Names After Tragedies. Who's To Blame?
Enlarge this image toggle caption Gregory Bull/AP Gregory Bull/AP
Most of us would have to look up the name of J.D. Tippit. They were the Dallas police officer shot and killed in 1963, when they tried to apprehend the man who assassinated President Kennedy. Or Tim McCarthy, the Secret Service agent who took a bullet fired at President Reagan in 1981.
But Norman Mailer, one of America's great authors, wrote a massive biography of the man who shot J.D. Tippit and John F. Kennedy. Every aspect of the life of the man who shot Tim McCarthy has been followed for years. Both men, with blood from history on their hands, are featured as characters in a Stephen Sondheim musical.
The men who committed mass murder in Charleston, Newtown and Orlando became household names for weeks. Murderers can become famous. People who save lives can be footnotes.
As much of America woke to the news this week of the killings in Las Vegas, Zeynep Tufekci, the social scientist who writes on communications technology, and is often a guest on Weekend Edition, took to Twitter to caution:
"Media: the next potential mass shooter is watching the current media coverage intently. Right now. Your coverage is a factor in this crisis."
They went on to say that mass coverage that replays sounds and screams, scours a shooter's life for telling details, and searches out their old lovers, co-workers, and childhood friends, can fire feverish minds who begin to see killing as an avenue to fame, in a world where they've felt overlooked.
"As proof," they wrote, "simply look at recent rise of using cars as weapons. Painfully and openly obvious for decades, only took off recently. Contagion."
Journalists, myself included, often react badly to this argument. The public has a right to know, and the press has a duty to report, every aspect of such public and appalling crimes, though maybe not over and over again, and in every terrifying detail. Maybe we can minimize the superlatives of destruction that rank shootings — most, worst, biggest. Many news organizations have truly tried in recent years to repeat a killer's name less, and to report more on the lives of those they killed.
But the media are now more plural. People can get news these days, or what they think is news, from hackers, amateurs, hoaxers and just a man or woman on the other side of the world with a smartphone and no worries about how to responsibly report a mass shooting. And this monstrous crime is committed in America every few weeks.
HOUSTON - Chris Sale allowed seven runs in five innings of work in Game 1 of the American League Division Series on Thursday.
Their slider lacked depth and while they still hit 97 mph on the radar gun, their normally precise location in the zone was a tick off. The best-hitting team in baseball took advantage of it, with Jose Altuve hitting two of their three homers on the day off Sale.
Red Sox manager John Farrell didn't think the eight days' rest was what threw Sale off, but a more overall workload.
"You know, I would say if they walked three or four, you'd say they were a little rusty or losing their release point," Farrell said. "He threw the ball over the plate. Sometimes it was in an area where they aren't intending, so I can't say that the extended rest was the reason for yesterday."
Over their seven-year career, Sale has been less effective in the second half. The lefty owns a 2.74 ERA in the first half compared to a 3.24 ERA in the second half.
This season, Sale dominated in the first half, looking light a sure-fire American League Cy Young winner. But after the break, the career numbers stayed true.
Sale posted a 2.75 ERA in the first half and 3.12 ERA in the second half. In five September starts, they posted a 3.72 ERA.
"It's one of their main weapons, that arm slot, and yet if it's off a tick, it takes away from the overall depth of the breaking ball," Farrell said. "I can't say, because when you look at the course of their career and what history shows, at this point in time of the season, the performance has maybe reflected some of that workload. So, I think they're related. The time of the year, that workload, and maybe some of the definition to the pitches."
So what can be done?
The Red Sox were fighting to clinch the American League East until the second-to-last day of the season. There wasn't much opportunity to rest Sale. The idea of limiting them to six-inning starts, seems ideal in hindsight. However, pulling a dominant Sale after six innings to preserve them for the postseason doesn't seem smart either. The Red Sox needed every win they got to clinch the division.
"I've had conversations with others in the organization about this," Farrell said about managing Sale. "The highest number of pitches he's thrown has been 118. We have taken every additional available day provided. If you were to take it a step further, this is where it's a great debate because you need every start to get to the point of entering the postseason. And yet, if you're afforded, do you provide a longer break at some point during the season if you're afforded a place in the standings to do that? All great in concept, these conversations. He's pitched a high number of innings. We've given every additional day possible. The pitch counts have been, I think, well in check."
Farrell hasn't ruled out bringing Sale back to start Game 4, if necessary, but said it's more likely he'd be lined for Game 5. The Red Sox, though, might not even get that far in this series.
"And I'm sure there will be opportunity to sit with Chris at the appropriate time and look back on what he's gone through this year," Farrell said. "Maybe get a better read on what he's done differently in the offseason at times, if there's been anything. But that has to be more of a concerted effort and more of a group plan. If you take X number of starts and a certain number of innings per starter than average do you purposely back off. Those are all things that are being considered."
--
Follow MassLive.com Red Sox beat reporter @jcmccaffrey on Twitter. They can be reached by email at jmccaffr@masslive.com.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A woman who was almost killed by their debilitating bowl condition has proudly shared intimate bikini selfies with their stoma bag on show to encourage body confidence.
Harriet Williams was diagnosed with an inflammatory bowel condition at just 14-years-old and it has left them needing to go to the toilet more than 25 times a day.
After eight years of agonising pain and discomfort they opted to have an ileostomy bag fitted and, despite being told they could have it reversed, has decided to keep it.
Now the pretty 25-year-old has shared stunning photos of themselves on holiday in a bikini and posing in their underwear in a bid to raise awareness and show support to others with a stoma.
(Image: Mercury Press & Media)
The market researcher suffers from ulcerative colitis - a chronic condition that causes inflammation of the large intestine.
Harriet, from London, said: "I had the symptoms for about six months before they diagnosed me. I had diarrhoea and stomach cramps and had lost about two stone.
"I was taken to hospital and ended up in intensive care. I couldn't eat or keep food down and they thought I had an eating disorder.
"I was bleeding, going to the toilet sometimes more than 25 times a day with a severe urgency. I was losing so much weight, I had a severe potassium deficiency from all of the vomiting.
"The symptoms can look a lot like irritable bowel syndrome . By the time doctors did take it seriously I was on the verge of dying."
They spent a month in hospital and was given steroids, which affected their immune system.
It led to them putting on so much weight that they claim family members didn't recognise them
Harriet said: "It was mortifying for me at 14 to be diagnosed with it. You have a disease that is to do with poo and you get really fat from steroids.
"Coming up to my GCSEs I had to have a separate room to sit in in case I needed to go to the toilet."
(Image: Mercury Press & Media)
Harriet lived with the pain for eight years and, as the medication wasn't helping, they decided to have an ileostomy bag fitted.
Harriet said: "They started saying you might have to have surgery but you could get it reversed so it doesn't matter.
"It was a scary thought, they made it sound like it would be a negative experience but actually when you live with the bag it's not a bad thing.
"People's perception is that it is something old people have, it smells bad or that you can't wear clothes you want to wear.
"As bowel disease becomes more recognised younger people are ending up with one.
"I think it's difficult for them - they think why would you want a bag? I say, think about a time when you have had the worst food poisoning or gastric flu.
"It's like that but that is your life. You have that every day and the way you can get rid of it is by taking drugs that wreck your immune system and impact the way you feel and look. Having a bag is significantly better.
Harriet says there are certain foods they cannot eat any more because of the bag, but they do not regret the decision to have it fitted.
(Image: Mercury Press & Media)
They said: "I was told I couldn't eat apples or nuts, anything that is difficult to digest, but you try a little bit every now and then and see what happens. You learn when your body is reacting badly.
"Now I don't notice the bag at all, it's improved my life massively and no-one ever looks at me and thinks 'she has got a bag'. The way I live is completely normal."
Just over a month ago Harriet started sharing pictures on social media after hearing negative comments about people with ileostomy bags wearing bikinis.
Harriet said: "They said they shouldn't do that - it's disgusting. I said 'why shouldn't they? There is nothing you can see that is unpleasant'.
"I was being defiant and wore a bikini all the time on holiday. I was a bit worried at first because I thought people would be looking at me but I try to remember everyone is concerned about the way they look on the beach.
"The reaction I have had online after sharing the images has been incredibly positive.
"I posted pictures of what the scarring looked like so people know what to prepare for after surgery. I have had a lot of comments from people who say they are now less scared of the disease.
"I wanted to show you can be confident in yourself and should not be ashamed to be confident.
"You can do everything you could before. I was worried about things like not being able to wear tight dresses of a wedding dress, but you can.
"I think it has made me more body confident - I'm a lot more confident since having the bag anyway."
Harriet, a supporter of the getyourbellyout campaign, said she's been overwhelmed with messages of support and is enjoying helping others on the same journey.
(Image: Mercury Press & Media)
Harriet said: "I now have nearly 900 followers and I never thought I would get close to that.
"It made me realise how positive the message can be and how much people need to see that you can live with it and your life can carry on and be better.
"At the moment I'm focusing on people going through the same thing but hopefully it's challenging the perception for people who do not have them."
Harriet, who has been in a relationship for six months, revealed they had been quizzed about how they handled dating with their bag.
The brunette said: "You do have a crisis of confidence and worry that they are not going to find you attractive or sexy. Having a strong support network around you is important.
"Since the start of this year I was using dating apps. Most of the time I didn't tell them about it until I knew them better, but if you get to the point where they may end up seeing the bag you would have to tell them.
"I've not had any negative reactions at all which is uplifting - I think I've been quite lucky. It doesn't make a difference. I've been with my boyfriend for six months and it's not been a problem.
"It doesn't change you as a person and there is nothing you have to do differently."
(Image: Mercury Press & Media)
John Walsh, founder of charity Stomawise, agreed life for people with stomas can carry on in a relatively normal way.
John said: "The more awareness that can be raised for this the better as it is perceived that it is a condition older people suffer with.
"As you can see there is no age barrier associated with it and there are so many reasons for the need for this surgery.
"A lot of people live their lives hiding the condition due to adverse comments and the taboo.
"The likes of Harriet are doing an amazing thing bringing this into the media and helping remove the stigma."
Mike Krzyzewski will coach this Wednesday's game against Georgia Tech and then take leave of absence to have back surgery. According to Jeff Goodman, the anticipated recovery time is four weeks. That would put Coach K out until February. Krzyzewski missed most of the 1996 season after having back surgery two decades ago. Duke was 9-3 when they took leave, and finished 9-10 over the rest of the season, including first round losses in the ACC tournament and the NCAA tournament.
Duke has eight games after the Georgia Tech game, through February 4th. The North Carolina game at home is on February 9th and could be a target date for a return if recovery goes well.
Jeff Capel, who was a player on that 1996 team, will serve as interim coach in their absence.
1 /6
While the current trend in automobile purchases has seen a significant rise in buyers of the SUV style, the Volkswagen Passat is here to restore your faith in sedans. Ever since its debut in India, the car has been making waves and how! Whether on your daily commute or on just your leisurely drives over the weekend, the Passat ensures top class comfort, entertainment and the smoothest journey ever.
Recently, at the GQ Fashion Nights, the Volkswagen Passat owned a spot at the venue, and shone bright in all its glory, as celebrities, influencers and guests, admired on. When GQ quizzed some popular faces, on what they thought of the Volkswagen Passat, the answers only consolidated our faith in the model! Malini Agarwal, founder of Miss Malini, said they found it to be “sleek, fast, and super comfy; perfect for the bumpy roads in India.” Ace designer Gaurav Gupta went on to saying the Passat is “so spacious, it feels like you're travelling business class, on an airline!” Designer's Shantanu and Nikhil couldn't stop raving about the gorgeous console inside the car, and all the high-tech incorporated in the model. The lovely Pooja Hegde, said they found it “sexy!”
The Volkswagen Passat is packed with power and substance, and its presence is enough to make heads turn. The carefully crafted marvel of engineering and luxury, will pervade through all aspects of your life. Built for those whose actions speak louder than words, the sedan is one of the most stunning, safest, efficient car on the road, today. It's the perfect example of good looks meets functionality.
A man of class, never has to blow their own trumpet and talk about their achievements. The Volkswagen Passat is exactly in line with that thought. It's Bold. Not Loud. It's when presence is enough…
Up to 600 more units planned for Vancouver with help of $66 million from the provincial government
Stack them up. Take them down. Move them around. Repeat.
What could easily pass as a description of the children's toy Lego could also be a portrait of British Columbia's latest tool in the fight against homelessness.
The province is turning to modular housing to help with a critical lack of short-term accommodation. Temporary modular housing involves the construction of small, self-contained living quarters, which can be shipped directly from a factory and quickly assembled.
Proponents applaud the technique not only for its cost savings, but also because it slashes delivery time from years to months.
“I liken it to being six months from idea to occupancy,” said Luke Harrison, CEO of the Vancouver Affordable Housing Agency.
Harrison's organization has assembled 40 units, each about 23 square metres, in Vancouver as part of a pilot project.
Up to 600 more units are planned for the city with the help of $66 million from the provincial government. Another 2,000 modular units are planned across B.C. over two years.
Permanent housing can take years to get approved and built, but prefabricated modules can quickly be moved to new locations and reassembled in new configurations depending on local needs. As a result, vacant sites waiting to be developed are suddenly candidates for temporary complexes that can house 50 or more people.
“It's not a solution for everything, but it's a great tool that we have in our arsenal now to deal with things like the homeless population that requires an urgent and critical response that just doesn't come as easily through traditional forms of construction and development,” Harrison said.
READ MORE: Affordability, mental illness barriers for homeless: report
READ MORE: Tent cities show urgency for affordable housing needed yesterday: advocates
A recent homelessness survey of Metro Vancouver communities between 2011 and 2016 found the number of people without shelter grew by 40 per cent, to 4,211 people. That's four times faster than general population growth over that same period, the survey said.
Ethel Whitty, Vancouver's director of homelessness services, said the initiative marks a shift in the city's approach to helping the homeless that promotes finding accommodation as a priority.
“Up until recent years, it was thought that you had to house people who were ready for housing. They had to be dry and sober and, say, they had to have their goals organized,” they said. “Actually, people who are housed are much more likely to be able to organize their life plan.”
Where to place modular complexes depends on a number of factors, including access to health care and transit, zoning, environmental factors and community consultation, they added.
Kathleen Llewellyn-Thomas, who oversees community services for the city, said housing is only one element of a broader overall program, which will include support workers and other resources for tenants.
Part of the inspiration for the project came from temporary camps and catering facilities used in the resource industry to house workers in remote locations. Vancouver's pilot project used expertise from Horizon North, which operated in the industrial sector for years before expanding to residential and commercial development.
Scott Matson, the company's chief financial officer, said the key to modular housing is the timeline.
“Imagine Lego blocks being completed in a controlled and closed environment, in a manufacturing environment rather than an outdoor construction environment, shipped to site and assembled on site,” Matson said.
The company builds the modules in Kamloops, B.C., transports them on site by truck and assembles them using a crane.
They estimated the typical lifespan of a module to be as long as 25 years and said the aesthetic of residential projects are “very, very different” from work camps.
“Once constructed, … you'd be unable to tell that it was anything different than a regular apartment building or hotel complex.”
Geordon Omand, The Canadian Press
TIPP CITY, Ohio, Aug. 14, 2017 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) — Two elementary schools in the Trotwood-Madison City Schools district have attained the highly sought-after U.S. Environmental Protection Agency's Energy Star certification with the assistance of Energy Optimizers, USA.
The schools, Madison Park Elementary and Westbrooke Village Elementary, join an elite group of high performing facilities. Energy Star certified buildings and plants perform in the top 25 percent of similar buildings nationwide. On average, these buildings use 35 percent less energy, generate 35 percent fewer greenhouse gas emissions and are less expensive to operate than similar buildings.
“In setting out to make our district more energy efficient, we wanted to save taxpayer dollars and serve as a leader in energy conservation,” said Trotwood-Madison City Schools Superintendent Kevin Bell. “Attaining Energy Star certification highlights our commitment to secure a better future for our students and our community. We couldn't have done this without Energy Optimizers, USA.”
To be eligible for Energy Star certification, a building must attain a score of 75 or higher on the EPA's energy performance scale. Both elementary schools exceeded the requirements, with Madison Park Elementary earning a rating of 87 and Westbrooke Village Elementary earning a rating of 83.
The certification is the result of a district-wide upgrade to lighting and HVAC systems that Trotwood Schools completed in September 2015.
The district partnered with Energy Optimizers, USA, to:
Replace all existing lighting with more energy-efficient systems
Install occupancy controls to cut wasted electricity
Install energy-saving features in the air filtration and kitchen equipment systems
Integrate the buildings' controls into a web-based system.
To date, the upgrades have saved the district more than $266,000 on electrical and gas utilities.
As part of the project, Energy Optimizers, USA, compared each building's utility bills before and after the project. The company then used this information to assign each building a score using the EPA's energy performance scale. The study showed that the energy conservation project significantly reduced the amount of energy needed to operate both Madison Park and Westbrooke schools.
“Attaining an Energy Star rating from the EPA is a noteworthy accomplishment for the district and its residents,” said Energy Optimizers, USA President Greg Smith. “This is a third-party endorsement that the district's efforts to get the highest level of performance from its buildings—and make responsible use of taxpayer dollars—are paying off. We are so pleased to have the opportunity to work with such forward-looking leaders.”
About Energy Optimizers, USA:
Energy Optimizers, USA works with educational, governmental, commercial and industrial customers to implement energy savings opportunities to reduce operational costs, including lighting retrofits, renewable energy projects (wind and solar), HVAC retrofit projects, building automation retrofits and energy education programs.
The company was named to the INC. Magazine Top 500 list of the fastest growing companies in the U.S. (2014), was named the Fastest Growing Company in the region for two consecutive years by the Dayton Business Journal (2013, 2014), and was named a finalist in the Dayton Business Journal Best Places To Work competition in 2016. To learn more about Energy Optimizers, USA, visit their website at http://energyoptusa.com or call them at (937) 877-1919.
News Source: Energy Optimizers USA
To view the original post, visit: https://www.send2press.com/wire/trotwood-madison-city-schools-secures-energy-star-rating-for-two-schools-with-assistance-from-energy-optimizers-usa/.
This press release was issued by Send2Press® Newswire on behalf of the news source, who is solely responsible for its accuracy. www.send2press.com.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A little lad who loves TV rescue dogs PAW Patrol was rescued themselves when theirs got their head stuck in a metal gate.
Three-year-old Jayus Collier was playing in the garden when mum Rebecca turned them back for just a few seconds.
“I turned round and their head was poking through the bars of the gate,” they said.
“He thought it was funny but I started to panic because I couldn't get them out.”
Rebecca dialled 999 and was relieved when a crew from Huddersfield Fire Station arrived within minutes.
Firefighters used a special tool to prise open the metal bars and then gave Jayus – who is four next month – a tour of the fire engine and its gear.
(Image: Rebecca Clarke / SWNS.com)
(Image: Rebecca Clarke / SWNS.com)
“He was stuck for about 20 minutes,” said Rebecca, 30.
“The firefighters were brilliant. When they saw the fire engine they thought it was great and they calmed down. There were a few tears at first but they were really brave.
“He told me it had been a great rescue mission just like on PAW Patrol. He's always climbing and jumping and wanting to be a superhero.”
(Image: Rebecca Clarke / SWNS.com)
A fire service spokesperson said Jayus had been “really brave” as officers worked to free him.
“After we freed them they had a cuddle with their mum and then we showed them around the fire engine. They were a really brave boy.”
An Old Danish Dance In The Key Of Melancholy
toggle caption Caroline Bittencourt/ECM
Classical and folk music continue to intermingle in fascinating ways. The intersections stretch back far beyond Bach, who cleverly slipped a German folk song into their Goldberg Variations. Later, composers like Ralph Vaughan Williams and Béla Bartók combed the countryside, collecting tunes from villagers. And a recent piece, Steel Hammer, by Pulitzer-winner Julia Wolfe, draws inspiration from the folk ballad "John Henry."
The members of the Danish String Quartet also have affection for folk. They are plenty happy playing Haydn and Brahms, but their new album, Last Leaf, is entirely devoted to old Nordic folk melodies and dances, which they've arranged for string quartet. The oldest date to around 1300, but there are newer ones, and even a couple faux-folk tunes composed by the group's cellist Fredrik Schøyen Sjölin.
Enlarge this image ECM ECM
"Æ Rømeser" is an 18th-century dance from the village of Sønderho, situated at the southern end of Fanø, one of the many Danish islands that hug the country's west coast. The Danish String Quartet's arrangement is smart, evocative and touching.
After a somber introduction, the first violin teases out a bittersweet theme, which gets infused with loads of personality. The piece sounds like a melancholy song without words, backed by a droning squeezebox, and a toe-tapping dance tune all at the same time.
A beautiful viola solo, midway through, adds to the wistful vibe before the main theme comes back around and the music builds to a joyous climax. A solo fiddle returns to whisper the melody as a mist of plucked strings evaporates.
This Week in Stupid Video – Sargon of Akkad
“Twitter hate mobs are okay when we do them.” – SJWs.
Video Source
loading...
Sharing is caring!
Chief Master Sgt. Shelina Frey, Air Mobility Command command chief, greets Airmen as they arrive at the 726th Air Mobility Squadron at Spangdahlem Air Base, Germany, Feb. 13, 2017. Frey visited with AMC Airmen stationed at both Ramstein Air Base and Spangdahlem Air Base, Germany during their visit. The 726th Air Mobility Squadron provides air transportation, cargo, maintenance and enroute support to Allied and American forces. (U.S. Air Force photo by Senior Airman Dawn M. Weber)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 02.13.2017 Date Posted: 02.15.2017 10:04 Photo ID: 3167196 VIRIN: 170213-F-DY094-002 Resolution: 4903x3263 Size: 2.36 MB Location: SPANGDAHLEM AIR BASE, BW, DE Web Views: 0 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, AMC Command Chief visits Spangdahlem mobility Airmen [Image 1 of 4], by SrA Dawn Weber, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
Unemployed and replaced US workers spoke of ill practices in the Indian outsourcing companies at a US Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) review call. Photo: Madhu Kapparath/HT
New Delhi: A review call organised by an agency responsible for overseeing lawful immigration to the US revealed pent-up anger against outsourcing, H1B visas, and Indian technology workers have spread across the country, says a report in The Economic Times.
Unemployed American workers, advocacy groups and technology companies expressed “negative” sentiments during the “national listening session” organised by the US Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS), added the report.
Many people commented on ill practices in the Indian outsourcing companies, and some even said that there is a mismatch between how much companies paid H1B visa holders and how much they earned themselves. The report said that a US worker, who was in charge of interviewing H1B and L1 workers commented that most of the workers applying for these visas were not highly skilled and recommended USCIS to be “stricter”.
The ET report cited USCIS spokesperson R. Carter Langston confirming that the session had individuals who represented unemployed and replaced US workers, as well as foreign nationals who may be in the US on various employment-based visas.
“I am not aware that specific companies or countries were mentioned during the call,” Langston was quoted as saying.
People tracking US immigration policies expressed dismay at the tenor of discussions and were appalled by anti-Indian sentiments.
The report also cited US-licensed immigration attorney Poorvi Chothani, confirming that many negative comments were specifically directed at Indian companies and Indian H1B workers.
Do you know who made the shirt you are wearing? Not the brand or the store you bought it, but the person whose hands crafted the fabric together. Odds are that you probably don't. This brand is out to change that one shirt at a time. Known Supply's "I Know Who Made This Shirt" Tee has the signature of the maker inside, so you can join the fashion revolution.
The connection between buyer and maker is a blurred one. Typically, people buy clothing from a brand that designs the shirt. Not the person whose hands weave it together. In honor of Fashion Revolution week, Known Supply created a shirt that starts a conversation about Fair Trade with just one sentence — "I know who made this shirt."
"As consumers we are largely disconnected from where our products are made and who makes them," Travis Hartanov, co-founder of Known Supply tells Bustle. "As a culture we have prioritized cheap prices and fast trends over an awareness for how those goods were produced. The result is unfair working conditions and a standard of living for garment producers that leaves them far short of being able to flourish or accomplish the dreams they have for their families. It's time for change."
For the brand, the change comes with every single item. Each shirt comes with the hand-written signature from the maker. The idea is to bring awareness to the person that you don't get to see.
It's bigger than just raising awareness though. The shirt was created in honor of Fashion Revolution Week, which is from April 22 to the 28. Five years ago, 1138 people died in a clothing factory due to a building collapse in what is called the Rana Plaza tragedy. The working conditions were reportedly unsafe, the workers were not being paid fairly, and people were pumping out as much clothing as fast as they could at little cost.
Fashion Revolution Week is about raising awareness of these conditions, and Known Supply's shirt is about starting the conversation.
"We are revolutionizing the fashion industry by humanized it," says Hartanov. "The fashion industry has become nameless and faceless and we are putting an end to this by connecting the people who make our clothes to the people who wear them."
The slogan for the shirt goes hand in hand with Fashion Revolution's 2018 campaign #whomademyshirt. The organization is urging people to ask each other and brands the question to open the conversations up.
"The more people who ask #whomademyclothes, the more brands will listen," the website reads. "Use your voice and your power to change the fashion industry. Together we are stronger."
This is not just a one-shirt conversation though. Every item that KNOWN SUPPLY offers has the signature of the maker inside it. The Fair Trade, human-centered brand also sources all of their fabrics from Peru. The brand only works with people and places that they completely trust with it's people-first mission.
"We believe in the power of connecting people. Ignorance and apathy are no longer options. It's a human rights issue and we have a responsibility to know our clothing is ethically sourced and that those making it are cared for," Hartanov tells Bustle. "As more of us put people at the top of our purchasing decisions list, the clothing industry will too. Together, we will change the lives of the millions of impoverished people who are a part of it."
Known Supply also recently launched their Naturals collection, which only uses 100 percent sustainable materials and is Global Organic Textile Certified. Basically, the brand is going above and beyond to make sure that what you're wearing is as ethically made as possible.
What you wear is about more than just how it looks. Fashion is a collaborative process with real people involved every step of the way. Together we can start a revolution, and it's as easy as buying a shirt and talking about it.
Once you've attracted buyers to your site, don't let them get away without trying to increase the sale.
May 30, 2018 5 min read
The following excerpt is from Robert W. Bly's book The Digital Marketing Handbook. Buy it now from Amazon | Barnes & Noble | iBooks | IndieBound
Upsells are an important part of your autoresponder communication system that, if done correctly, will bring you more revenue than just your direct sales.
Upsells on a smaller level can easily be done on your shopping cart page before the cus­tomer gives the credit card information and closes the purchase. In this case, the upsell is positioned at the top of the page, visible to the customer as they land on that page. The customer can take a moment to look at what it is, decide to click the check box, and add it to the shopping cart or else say no. The purchase continues from there with filling out shipping and credit card information to com­plete the purchase.
One of the great ways to bring in more customers is giving speeches to customers who need your expertise in a certain area of business. Your talents can range from developing software programs or creating educational online courses to offering personal development coaching or building wonderful websites. People who've never given speeches before balk at the idea of doing so. Yet it's really not that hard to do and will help your brand to do it.
When you're offering your products and services online, one fairly simple way of generating even more income is to provide different upgrades or versions of the same product. This is commonly seen in software products. For instance, there may be add-ons that you can purchase, such as in IBM's SPSS program, which comes as the basic version and then charges additional prices for several types of add-on components for your analysis needs.
If you're selling copywriting books on your website, you can also sell connected four-week programs along with that book at the checkout point. This is considered an upsell when the products are connected to each other. The book purchased might be called How to Write Great Leads for Any Type of Client You Get. The upsell is the four-week program that walks you through the process and fully engages you in practicing what the book offers, which also happens to be the textbook for the course.
The idea is to set up your point of sale page to determine from the shopping cart just what products and services the customer is purchasing and then automatically trigger pop-ups that show better versions of the same product or service, such as newer versions of a book being purchased or extended services that can be added on to the main service being purchased.
It's also important at what point these alternative options for upselling are made because people can become irritated if too much stuff is pushed at them when they're ready to leave. The best strategy is to have pop-ups show when the customer puts the product or service in the shopping cart.
At this point, they're still browsing and may be more willing to look at upgrades. If they're being shown these right at the time that they're entering their credit card, this might be confusing and even irritating, as they're now ready to complete the purchase. If they get irritated with pop-up upsells, they may just dump the whole purchase. Then you've lost the sale. Too many choices at the wrong time can cost you, rather than adding to your revenue.
Another good tactic that Amazon utilizes is showing what other people are saying about their products. Generally, these are people who've made purchases of a product and are so happy with it, they come back and review the product. This can be in the form of book, movie, or product reviews.
Some customers would rather see what others say before finalizing a purchase. Potential buyers want to know what the best points about the product are, according to the reviewer, and whether they will match up with what the customer is looking for. Knowing that the newer version or edition aligns more with what the customer wants to have, based on a customer review, is a big selling point. In fact, that is an upsell.
In this case, the layout of Amazon's product pages provides the reviews when you scroll down the page. If you look a little further past that, there's a scrolling bar that shows comparative products along those same lines, some of which may be cross sales and others upsells.
There is another part to efficient upselling, and that's maintaining a customer relationship management (CRM) system, which keeps information about your customers handy so you can do analysis on what they bought and when they bought it.
The CRM system is one of the most important tools to utilize for just about any business that consistently upgrades products or creates new editions of books. CRM systems provide all the information you need to determine how to upsell to current and past customers so that revenue continues to come in on a regular basis.
Always take advantage of the opportunity to upsell by providing benefits to the customer but without a lot of pressure. Being subtle about upsells is the best approach to success.
Opinions expressed by Entrepreneur contributors are their own.
Thursday at 10 p.m.: The ABC7 I-Team exposes the connection between a stockpile of weapons readies for war hidden in the suburbs and an alleged international crime ring. (WLS)
Trixie Mattel became the winner of RuPaul's Drag Race All Stars 3 in a way that was a shock to many: A jury of the eliminated queens picked the Top 2 of the season. Shangela and BeBe — considered frontrunners — weren't even allowed to compete in the final lip sync. So, there were many fans who were frustrated about the result, and they're taking it out on Trixie. However, in an interview with Bustle, Drag Race's Trixie Mattel has a message for the haters: “It's important to clap for everybody.”
While not all of the queens were jazzed about it, that jury twist worked in Trixie's favor. And, the affirmation of other queens they respect so much only added to their win. “I was gagged," they say of the Top 2 nomination. "I couldn't even look at the jury of queens without crying because I just couldn't believe that they chose me,” they say. “Being chosen by my peers maybe means as much to me as actually winning. That was the most thankful and the most appreciated I'd ever felt was those girls picking me.”
Similarly to many fans, though, they were also stunned by how everything went down. “We were all so close. I had as many times on the bottom as Shangela, I had as many times in the top as BeBe. Kennedy was the best lip-syncer out of all of us, and it was a lip sync challenge,” they say. “Everyone was so good ... I was like ‘I'm not ashamed of losing to those people.'”
Of course, they didn't lose, but the last-minute twist wasn't so well-received by all of the viewers. Many took to social media questioning the decision. However, Trixie was ready. “I've known this was coming for a year. So I've known who was going to be in the top and how people might feel about people who didn't make the top,” they say. “Drag is all about having opinions ... Even Adam Lambert doesn't think I'm funny. I'm used to not everybody feeling the fantasy and that doesn't really bother me.”
"I didn't come into anyone's house at night and steal a crown like, you know, Mission Impossible style."
Trixie does have a message for those who may have been bigger fans of BeBe, Shangela, or Kennedy though. They say to keep in mind that while the rule change may have happened, RuPaul determined that they earned the crown. “I didn't come into anyone's house at night and steal a crown like, you know, Mission Impossible style. Drag Race is a fierce competition, but it's also partially a game show,” they say. “There's a certain roulette feel to some parts of it, you never know what's going to happen, day to day.”
Speaking of gambling, now that Trixie's won $100,000, don't expect any spending sprees. After all, they may be this season's winning queen, but they don't have a history of betting big. “I hate to be boring and frugal, but I'm trash from the rural midwest. When you get this much money, you just save it,” they say. “I work in entertainment which is very unstable, and I'm a realist. I'm like, ‘This is going in the bank' so that someday when I don't wanna' do drag anymore, I have at least, something cool to show for it.”
While they don't plan on quitting drag for a while, fans shouldn't get their hopes up to see them competing on Drag Race again. In their opinion, she's getting out while she's ahead. “No one in this whole world can ever convince me to come back ever again. Never, nope. Never,” they say. “Also, I'm not a gambler. If you win five dollars at the casino, you leave with your five dollars b*tch.”
Now, after winning the competition, they don't see much point to coming back and taking part again. They have proven to their fans and themselves what they needed to prove. “I think that was clear that a competitive environment was not, like, my perfect pot to grow in,” they say. “I'm not looking to prove anything else. I went on All Stars to prove something to myself … Music and touring and everything is more for my audience, but winning All Stars is more for me.”
So, this may be the last fans see of Trixie Mattel competing on Drag Race, but it is clear that their legacy will live on. Through their music, wit, and humor, they have proven that they are a true queen — and now Ru has confirmed it.
We are sorry, but you cannot access the article/video/photo because you are not a subscriber. Click here to subscribe, or contact us at Pajhwok for more information.
Click Here For One Day Free Subscription
It's hard to believe it's been 13 years!!! The first YouTube video was posted 13 years ago today. So here is some YouTube trivia for you!!!
In the very first YouTube video, a guy explained that elephants have long trunks. It was an 18-second video of one of the co-founders at the San Diego Zoo. It was posted April 23rd, 2005. Google bought YouTube for $1.65 billion less than a year-and-a-half later on October 9th, 2006. For a long time, the most-watched video of all time was “Gangnam Style” by Psy. It was the first YouTube video to get a billion hits, but it's now 6th all time. Number one is the “Despacito” video with over 5 billion hits.
DoubleUGames Co., a South Korean game firm listed on the tech-heavy KOSDAQ market, said Tuesday it plans to purchase a US developer at a deal estimated at 942.5 billion ($830 million).
DoubleUGames will purchase Double Down Interactive LLC, a developer of social casino games, marking the largest overseas acquisition ever conducted by a South Korean game firm.
(Yonhap)
Double Down Interactive, the world's top developer of social casino games, posted annual sales of $277 million in 2016. The figure hovers above the 155.6 billion won ($137.1 million) posted by DoubleUGames last year.The deal will allow the South Korean firm to control 10.8 percent of the global market for social casino games.Shares of DoubleUGames shot up to the daily permissible limit of 29.89 percent at 52,800 won on the secondary bourse on Tuesday. (Yonhap)
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The family of Corrie McKeague say they will not stop searching for the RAF serviceman after the search for them in a landfill site ended today (December 11).
Corrie's parents always spoke of their belief their son was transported to the landfill and their mother pleaded with investigators to search the site in Milton, Cambridgeshire.
Now, after two searches have failed to show any trace of the 23-year-old, their family say they are 'thankful' to the public and police for searching and 'content' they are not there.
Corrie disappeared after a night out in Bury St Edmunds on September 24, 2016, and was last seen in the town's 'horseshoe' area.
Corrie's mum, Nicola Urquhart, has said they will now not be 'tortured' by thoughts of their son left lying in a landfill.
They said: "There are many things I can do to help in the search to find Corrie but I have always known that searching the landfill was and would never be something I could or would be allowed to do myself.
"That would have left us in the torturous situation of imagining that Corrie may have just been left there."
They added: "The peace of mind they have given me is immeasurable. I will no longer picture my son in that landfill."
(Image: PA)
The family also thanked and praised Suffolk Police for their continued work to find Corrie.
Nicola said: "Our gratitude to Suffolk and Norfolk MIT [major investigation team] for following this line of enquiry to what is most certainly beyond reasonable levels is unwavering.
"This is the first time in this investigation I have been updated and completely agree that nothing else can be done in relation to searching cell 22.
"The search team have carried out an extremely physical and emotional task. I would hope that the invaluable knowledge they have now gained can be used with other forces should any other family find themselves in our position.
"I know how hard they have tried to find Corrie and we will never be able to thank them enough for their efforts.
"What I can say, is, my complete trust in Vince [a police search advisor] and their team leaves me certain that had Corrie been in that landfill, they would have found him."
Nicola also said: "From the first day that myself [and Corrie's brothers] Makeyan and Darroch stood in the horseshoe and saw the industrial bins, we have consistently asked for that line of enquiry (theory) to be investigated and ruled out.
"We have continually asked for this to happen, not because we have ever truly believed Corrie was in there, but it has always been the simplest explanation as to what may have happened to Corrie."
The investigation is still live and 'other theories' are being investigated according to Suffolk Police.
Corrie's father Martin McKeague thanked the public and police for seeing them through 'the darkest moments' of Corrie's disapperance.
Martin said: "The McKeague family would like to extend its heartfelt appreciation and our lifelong debt of gratitude to the Norfolk and Suffolk police forces, the major investigation team (MIT), the multitude of police volunteers who worked tirelessly at the Milton landfill site, the site owners, the Jones Brothers excavation team, the wonderful people of Suffolk and the surrounding areas for their support and efforts and everyone closer to home who have stood up and stood by us, and allowed us to get through the darkest moments of this horrific event.
"This family would have been lost without all of you and we have been humbled by your support and concern. This has been our sentiment from the beginning of this search and it will continue until the end."
The decision from Private Equity houses as to whether to make investments will be “key” to Yorkshire's economy in 2017, one of the region's top accountants has said.
KPMG's head of corporate finance in the region, Christian Mayo, anticipates “a market largely driven by private equity's raison d'être” as they looked ahead to what Yorkshire can expect to see in 2017 in terms of M&A activity.
They added that growing SMEs whose operations are largely insulated from any negative impacts of Brexit will be highly sought after as a result.
In particular Mr Mayo said they're anticipating sectors such as tech, financial services and infrastructure to prove attractive, with more customer-centric businesses exposed to an expected slowdown of consumer spending as higher inflation and depressed wages cool demand.
“The key to our regional market is the need for PE to spend its money,” they said.
“PE will surely keep calm and carry on dealmaking because it must invest.
“As a result good businesses, especially those insulated from the impact of Brexit and with growth potential, are highly sought after meaning prices remain high.
“The owners of private businesses with strong performance may therefore see the next 12 months as a potential window for exit.”
Mr Mayo said that Britian's vote to leave the European Union would continue to influence the appetite for mergers and acquisitions throughout the year but that the resultant weak value of Sterling would see a medium term pick up in inbound investment.
“After the sharp intake of breath taken by those involved in transactions immediately following the 2016 referendum, appetite for quality acquisitions has maintained the pipeline for regional deal-doers.
“There's no doubt that the shadow cast by Brexit will continue to impact M&A in 2017, with UK trade buyers in particular nervously assessing the risks of progressing domestic targets in some sectors, and as uncertainty prevails we may see a ripple effect across the market. But equally, a weaker pound has led to optimism in some quarters about the prospect of increasing inbound activity in the medium term, with overseas buyers exploiting their greater currency leverage.
“In addition, the debt market remains relatively buoyant, with high levels of liquidity through a variety of funding resources. There is a positive lending environment for SMEs to large corporates with interest rates at record lows, although the looming risk of inflation may force central banks to increase rates over the medium term.
“Many well capitalised businesses seeking growth in relatively benign conditions, will have acquisition on the corporate agenda as a means to drive shareholder returns.
“The risk and reward dynamics around deals will vary by sector but it has to be said, the overall tone is likely to be more cautious given economic uncertainty.
“There is a new norm for diligence, which is increasingly likely to include a degree of scrutiny over the potential longer term risks that the Brexit process and an independent UK might have on acquisition or investment targets.
“In particular, buyers will want to understand cross-border customer and supplier dynamics both in terms of foreign exchange flows and trade arrangements. In some cases there will be clear positives, such as with Sumo Digital, that we sold last year and which had global revenues in dollars.
“Given the pause last summer, delaying the start of some transaction planning from autumn to winter, I expect completions to feed through in quarter two and three rather than one.
“And, from a sector point of view, while the pipeline is varied.”
Alexis Sanchez and their dogs could be football's b
Gloria Hunniford shows us their new dog and it's th
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A loyal elderly dog saved the life of their owner when they smelled a diabetes attack on their breath.
Amy Wilton, from Hampshire, has type 1 diabetes and appeared alongside their beloved Whippet Holly on a moving episode of the ITV show Secret Life of Dogs on Tuesday night.
The 13-year-old rescue dog, who Amy calls their "shadow", uses their amazing sense of smell to look out for warning signs.
A drop in blood sugar levels is life-threating for Amy and they need to be alerted when the chemical makeup of the breath changes.
One night, when Amy was sleeping and had no idea they were in danger, an anxious Holly raised the alarm.
(Photo: ITV)
Amy said: “She jumped up on my bed and started snuffling at my face and pestering at me. They wouldn't let up and I kind of thought ‘that is a bit odd'.
“And then I was standing there thinking ‘I don't feel so well, this is more than just me feeling sleepy'. So I thought I'd better do a blood test. And I was low.”
Low blood sugar levels can be a killer if left unnoticed in type 1 diabetes sufferers.
Dogs have a naturally heightened sense of smell which in Holly's case, includes sensitivity to the fruity smelling ketones a person's body produces when they are experiencing a hyperglycemic episode when blood sugar is too high, or the unique scent a person gives off during a hypoglycemic episode when blood sugar is too low.
(Photo: ITV)
“She knew that there was something wrong and that they needed to tell me about it," Amy said. "I'd seen the devastating complications that can occur when your blood sugars aren't controlled.
"It is life-threatening so I have always tried to take care of myself. Holly can tell before I feel any symptoms whatsoever, which is amazing. They beat the machines.
“I've lost count of the amount of times she's woken me up in the night. She's definitely a life-saver.
“She is my shadow.  They are literally everywhere I go.  They are a once in a lifetime dog.”
KITCHENER — Police seized a number of different types of drugs at a bust on Ellis Avenue on Sept. 28.
A quantity of suspected cocaine, marijuana, cannabis resin, psilocybin and suspected dimethyltryptamine, a psychedelic, was seized as well as a substantial amount of cash. Police say the drug seizure was part of an ongoing investigation.
A 23-year-old man faces numerous drug charges.
The Illuminators held their first luncheon focused on diversity and inclusion in the workplace on Feb. 28 at the Museum of Latin American Art in Long Beach, California. It was an event that was about a year and a half in the making and drew 150 attendees, Subriana Pierce of Navigator Sales and Marketing, chairperson of the event, told The Shelby Report.
During their remarks at the event, Pierce said, “Everyone has a different definition of diversity and inclusion, so I am going to give you my definition. I'm a big movie fan, especially the Marvel heroes. One thing I realize when I see these movies is that no two superheroes have the same power, and in order for them to achieve what they achieve, they all individually bring their skill sets. That's really what we're talking about here—how we each bring our individual skill sets and powers and work together for the good.”
Speakers included Jonathan Mayes, SVP and chief diversity officer for The Albertsons Cos.; Donna Giordano, retired president of Ralphs Grocery Co.; Sabrina Wiewel, SVP and chief customer officer for Hallmark Greetings; and author/entrepreneur Tara Jaye Frank, who was a speaker and moderated a panel discussion.
The advantages of embracing diversity
Mayes compared the workforce in a company to an orchestra; all the different instruments combine to create a well-rounded sound.
“That, to me, is what diversity is all about. It's talented people from all over bringing their authentic self to work and making beautiful music for the world,” they said.
What diversity is NOT, they emphasized, is displacing someone currently in a role or hiring or promoting people who are not likely to succeed in that role.
But it is important. Mayes cited January 2018 research from McKinsey that again shows the benefits of diversity (it was a followup to a 2015 report).
Input from more than 1,000 companies in the U.S. and other countries revealed that companies in the top 25 percent for gender diversity were 21 percent more likely to experience above-average performance than companies that were in the lower percentiles, and companies in the top quartile for racial and ethnic diversity are 33 percent more likely to experience above-average profitability than companies in the fourth quartile.
“There is a penalty, if you will, from running away from diversity and inclusion,” Mayes said. “Companies in the fourth quartile on gender and ethnic diversity are 29 percent more likely to underperform.”
Groups that are more diverse rather than more homogenous “perform tasks with higher collective intelligence because people bring different life experiences to the discussion,” they said. “And they perform better at complex problem-solving. Again, when you embrace diversity you have different voices, different backgrounds, different perspectives in the room and in the conversation.”
Another benefit, Mayes continued, is that it “fosters a more creative and innovative workplace. Businesses need to adapt, people need to be more competitive to beat the competition that's out there. Diversity and inclusion is one of the key ways to make that happen.”
Still another benefit is a greater share of the consumer market, they said.
“This allows you to more effectively market to consumers with different perspectives than they might otherwise have. For those of you who know about my company, Albertsons and Safeway, our goal is to be the favorite local supermarket. I believe that for us to accomplish that, we need to use every tool available to us to help us bring that to pass. So embracing diversity and inclusion is that way. The good news that's not just for our company; it's true for your companies and your businesses as well. That's why this is really important. If you're serious about being the best you can be, have the most impact you can possibly have, you need to run toward embracing diversity.”
A side effect of diversity is that creates hope that there is potential for everyone in the organization to move up.
Six percent of CEOs of Fortune 500 companies are women.
“For people who work in companies to be able to see examples of women or people of color in senior management rank, it gives some satisfaction in knowing there is hope, potential,” Mayes said. “But it also can demotivate when you just don't see much in the way of women or people of color at the head.”
And indeed, according to Mayes, diversity and inclusion “starts at the top. And not just saying it but acting that way in terms of who leadership is promoting, sponsoring.”
Mayes said something they practice at Albertsons is making sure those they work with know they have “the green light to tell me where my blind spots are. When I do that, we'll all be more successful…If our goal is to be the best we can possibly be, it takes a little bit of humility to say you don't have all the answers, I get that. But boy, does it strengthen us when we say I want to hear from you because together we all rise. That's the goal of diversity and inclusion. That's the world I think we all want to live in.”
We are all biased
Frank, who previously worked for Hallmark for 20 years and was one of the fastest ascending people in management in the history of the company, also is author of “Say Yes: A Woman's Guide to Advancing Them Professional Purpose.”
They shared with the audience some of the internal company barriers to making progress on the issue of diversity and inclusion.
First, they said, it must be acknowledged that there is unconscious bias in companies.
“Essentially, you have to start with the fact that we are all biased. To be biased is to be human; that is a critical point to make right up front.”
Becoming aware of that bias is important, if companies are to take steps toward “making the environments better for everyone and creating cultures where everyone can thrive,” they said.
They said they have found that there are two types of bias that “tend to have the biggest impact on how equally, how fairly, everyone is able to succeed.”
The first is affinity bias. “I tend to trust, like, listen to, give the benefit of the doubt to, people who remind me of myself. That's human nature, how we operate,” Frank said.
The second is confirmation bias. “If I already have an idea about a type of person or a type of personality even, then whenever I see them behave in a certain way, do something, say something, I am going to receive that input through the lens of my confirmation. And I am only going to notice things that validate my thoughts that I already had. If data comes my way that is counter to the thoughts I already have, I am going to dismiss it, not because I'm a jerk but because I am human and that's how confirmation bias works.”
They said affinity bias tends to manifest itself in whether workers are mentored or sponsored.
A study from 2016 found that 87 percent of middle managers and above—all kinds of people—need navigational help at work, or “some level of sponsorship,” they said.
“Who wants to guess how many white men have a sponsor, middle manager and up? Twenty-five percent. One in four white men have a sponsor at work; not a mentor but someone who really has their back, is opening doors for them,” Frank said. “One in eight white women have a sponsor at work; one in 20 people of color, men and women included, have a sponsor at work.
“Sponsorship creates such an executive-level opportunity; you can see that disparity and how that might affect entire groups of people and their ability to succeed,” they said.
Frank acknowledged that if they owned a company and was making a hiring decision between a black woman—which Frank is—and a white man, and they knew 50 percent of what they needed to know about each, they would project what they know about themselves onto the black woma, saying things like “she has potential, she's smart, they have a presence, I think she'd be a good leader, I believe they could do the job.”
The 50 percent that's missing for the man, they would say, “I have no idea…I need them to demonstrate a little bit more. He'd need to prove himself. He'd eventually legitimately get frustrated with their opportunity at my company because they feel like they repeatedly have to prove himself, whereas they were given the opportunity based on potential. Affinity bias is dangerous in our organizations in a really tangible way.”
As an example of how confirmation bias might manifest itself, Frank cited a memo study conducted by a law firm a couple of years ago. They hypothesized that they had some racial bias at the company, so they created a memo and purposely put several errors in it, they said. They sent 60 memos. In 30 of them, they indicated that it was written by an African American, 30 they indicated were written by a white person. Both were supposedly written by men, so race was the only variable. They sent them out to partners to review and assess the memos.
“The memos came back and they found significantly more errors in the memos they thought were written by the black person than they did in the memo they thought was written by the white person—but it was the same memo,” Frank said.
The feedback from the one they thought was written by the white person said things like “he has potential, but there are a couple of things they need to work on.” The kind of feedback on the memo they thought was written by the black man said, in essence, “I can't believe they let that go out like that,” they said.
“They have a bias, and they were looking for what was going to validate their opinion about whom this person might be and what they might be capable of. There are very real ways bias impacts our ability to pull people through our organization and create that level playing field.”
Frank said that while companies may seem to be diverse on the surface—they have a good mix of ages, genders and ethnicities among their employees; it is part of mission or values statements and company policies, etc.—deeper down, employees may not feel like they're actually included.
People who feel included believe their voice is heard and valued; they have an opportunity to give input on important decisions; they feel they can be themselves at work without feature of retribution; and they feel like they know what I need to do in order get from where they currently are to where they want to be in the company.
“That's really about sponsorship and networks and development,” Frank said. “I share this with you to say ask more questions. I would submit that we don't ask deep enough questions so that you truly understand how your employee population at large is experiencing their jobs.”
Giordano said, “If there is anything I would stress it's trust. Trust in yourself, trust in those that are around you and when you have that trust, great things will happen, as people can be themselves and bring their authentic selves to work.”
They recalled a Hispanic store manager at Ralphs who came up with an idea about how to better engage their employees in the store (she didn't reveal what it was).
“It was way beyond what anyone else had thought of; their mechanism for making that happen became a best practice in our organization,” Giordano said. “When you start recognizing people for what they are able to contribute and share their successes, everyone wants to be a part of it. Everybody wants to jump on that train.”
Wiewel said, “We make great efforts at Hallmark to really value diversity. We have multiple diversity factions, African-American, military, lesbian. We honor those diversities.”
The company also is making sure to create products that celebrate occasions celebrated by the different groups.
Event sponsors included Hidden Villa Ranch, Minute Maid, Post and Bimbo Bakeries.
Keep reading:
Since it was filmed in Appleton and heavily involved Lawrence students, there was a reception and movie premiere of “Bucky and the Squirrels,” written by Los Angeles-based filmmaker Alan Katz. The reception and premiere took place at Valley Grand Cinema in Appleton, Wisc. on Saturday, Jan. 27. The reception started at 6 p.m. and the movie was shown at 7:15 p.m. with a shuttle leaving from the Wriston turnaround at 5:45 p.m. and returning at 9 p.m.
“Bucky and the Squirrels” is a mockumentary about a one-hit wonder rock band that crashed in the Swiss Alps in 1968. Fifty years later, the crashed plane was found with the band frozen alive inside. The film tells the story of the four band members as they attempt to start life again through a series of news reports. The film was released in theaters in Wisconsin, Minnesota, Illinois, Kansas and Missouri on Friday, Jan. 26, and will open in theaters in Arizona and California on Friday, Feb. 2.
Alumnus Nathan Lawrence ‘15, who was a personal assistant (PA) when the film was being produced at Lawrence produced a documentary about the making of “Bucky and the Squirrels.” “[The film] was conceived to be filmed here in the Lawrence community and the broader Appleton area, to show off this area as the really cool place that it is,” said Lawrence in their documentary, “Bucky and the Squirrels: Behind the Scenes”.
Many other students worked on the movie such as production designer Jonathan Vanko '13 and choreographer Victoria Chung '14. Zach Ben-Amots ‘16 and Maisha Rahman ‘14 were also PAs. All found it to be an enriching experience that gave them insight into the world of film production.
Rahman ‘14 said in “Bucky and the Squirrels: Behind the Scenes” that while their job as a PA mostly involved basic tasks, such as getting materials, there were opportunities to do more. There was an instance when the director was not there, so the assistant director (AD) took charge and needed someone to take over the role of AD. “I was AD for the day and it was amazing” said Rahman.
Other Lawrence community members were involved in making the film such as former Film Studies Director Catherine Tatge '72 who has a producer credit on the film. In the documentary of the film, Tatge states that alumni Julie '61 and Tom Hurvis ‘60, who were instrumental in donating to create the Hurvis Center for Film Studies, thought that it would be good for students to have an experience working on a feature film.
Just recently, Dauntless Studios acquired the film and agreed to release it to a forty-five theater run. “Bucky and the Squirrels” will also be released on DVD later in spring 2018. Katz stated in an announcement of the film's release: “I was thrilled when Mark Sonoda of Dauntless Studios approached me and loved and understood the film. So, we agreed to go into business with them to distribute it.”
Monday is expected to bring above normal temperatures to Long Island again — but not as high as the 82 degrees seen Sunday at Long Island MacArthur Airport, forecasters say.
The launch of the workweek is looking to reach 73 degrees or so, which is still well above the 58 degrees that's normal for the day, according to the National Weather Service. Partly sunny skies are also in the forecast, along with winds from the northwest of around 7 to 17 mph.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
“Warm again today, but not as warm as Easter Sunday,” with its temperature that was “more typical of late July,” said Rich Hoffman, News 12 Long Island meteorologist.
Given warm temperatures combining with dry fuels, low relative humidity and gusty winds in the afternoon, there's also an enhanced threat of the spread of brush fires, the weather service said.
As of just before 10 a.m. the temperature at Long Island MacArthur Airport was 69 degrees under overcast skies, with northwest winds from the west of 12 mph.
After overnight lows mostly in the low 40s, Long Islanders should be prepared for a close to a 15-degree drop for Tuesday's high temperature, expected to be around 60 degrees.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
"Devastated" Lady Gaga has cancelled the last 10 dates of the European leg of their world tour tour because of "severe pain".
Two shows at London's O2 Arena and a concert at Manchester Arena are among those axed by the pop star who suffers from fibromyalgia, a long-term condition which can cause pain all over the body.
The US star revealed they decided to axe the remaining dates last night with support from their medical team.
Lady Gaga was on stage at the Genting Arena in Birmingham on Thursday and was due to perform at their first London gig tomorrow. Gigs have also been scrapped in Switzerland, Germany, Sweden, Denmark and France.
On Twitter, they said: "I'm so devastated I don't how to describe it. All I know is that if I don't do this, I am not standing by the words or meaning of my music.
"My medical team is supporting the decision for me to recover at home. We're cancelling the last 10 shows of my Joanne World Tour.
(Image: Splash News)
(Image: Splash News)
(Image: Getty Images North America)
"I love this show more than anything, and I love you, but this beyond my control. London, Manchester, Zurich, Koln, Stockholm, Copenhagen, Paris, Berlin. And Rio.
"I promise I will be back in your city, but for now, I need to put myself and my well-being first. I love you forever, XX Gaga."
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Another statement released on Twitter read: "Unfortunately, Lady Gaga is suffering from severe pain that has materially impacted their ability to perform alivge.
"As a result, Live Nation and Lady Gaga are announcing the cancellation of the final 10 dates of the European leg of their Joanne World Tour.
(Image: WENN.com)
(Image: Supplied by WENN.com)
"Last night, with strong support from their medical team, Lady Gaga made the tough decision to immediately come off the road.
"She is extremely sorry and deeply saddened that they cannot perform for their European fans, who have waited so patiently."
We'll be bringing you the very latest updates, pictures and video on this breaking news story.
For the latest news and breaking news visit Mirror.co.uk/news .
Get all the big headlines, pictures, analysis, opinion and video on the stories that matter to you.
Follow us on Twitter @DailyMirror - the official Daily Mirror & Mirror Online Twitter account - real news in real time.
We're also on Facebook/dailymirror - your must-see news, features, videos and pictures throughout the day from the Daily Mirror, Sunday Mirror and Mirror Online.
Peterborough City Rowing Club won four medals at the British Masters Championships at the weekend.
The prestigious event took place over the 1,000-metre course at the National Water Sports Centre in Nottingham and was scheduled for two days.
Stuart Holmes and Chris Elder won a bronze medal.
Bad weather, however, meant racing from 2pm on Sunday was cancelled, leaving several rowers disappointed. Among them was Peterborough's Women's Masters C eight, who had earlier qualified for the final.
There was still plenty to celebrate on Saturday for Peterborough City though.
Leading the way with two medals were Steve Cranfield and Ian Palmer. They claimed a silver medal in a composite crew with Star and Leicester oarsmen in the A/B coxless quads, and a bronze medal in the Masters C doubles.
In the quads final they finished only six seconds away from a gold medal while in the doubles they were just a second away from winning another silver medal.
Other doubles medallists for Peterborough were Chris Elder and Stuart Holmes, who took home a bronze in the Masters A double.
They had a great start to the day as they had the fastest qualifying time in their category, setting a record of 3:56.74 and that made them the only crew in their category to clock a time under four minutes.
This was followed by a very close final in which they finished only two seconds behind the winners.
The fourth Peterborough City medal was a bronze and that was won by Carole Hook in the Women's Masters B singles event. Hook also joined Nottingham rower Heather Wesson in the Women's Masters A double where they just missed out on the final by five seconds.
Other Peterborough rowers in action were Steve Tuck, Jack Ward, Jim Burt and Graham Barks, who were sixth in the Open Masters E coxless quads, and Joan Heath and Anita Carter, who were fifth in the final eliminator in the Women's Championship Masters E doubles.
A speedy new tickets sales system to help people buy easier and faster at SIV venues - including Sheffield Arena - was outlined today as part of major plans to increase business and boost the city's economy.
SIV, formerly known as Sheffield International Venues, manages or operates many of the biggest entertainment and sports venues in the city, also including Sheffield City Hall, Ponds Forge, the English Institute of Sport and iceSheffield - plus Whitby Pavilion and Scarborough Spa.
It gets more than 1 million customers through its doors every year to over 1,500 major sport, business and entertainment events.
Dominic Stokes, who has just been promoted to SIV's Head of Entertainment and Events, responsible for the strategic and commercial direction of its entertainment venues, SIV Tickets and SIV Events, is now aiming to add another 100,000 customers and 200 events every year.
They believe that's possible by tapping into the 'diverse wealth of staff expertise, creativity and experience within the venues' and by making it easier and faster to buy tickets.
It follows the announcement of an ‘extensive business review' by the new chairperson of the Sheffield City Trust - David Grey MBE - to ‘market test' all 17 of the services run by its operating arm SIV.
Dominic Stokes is SIV's new Head of Entertainment and Events
The trust, which has a charitable aim to boost health and wellbeing, hopes the exercise will prove it should continue to deliver services directly.
In an exclusive chat - watch the interview here online - Mr Stokes told us: "Essentially we have created a family of entertainment venues. We have over 1 million people come through the doors of those buildings and have 1,500 events.
"By bringing them together we are going to utilise all the skills that each of those individual venues have and put it towards the division. We want to bring more people in to the city and our venues and bring more events. Hopefully everyone will benefit.
"I don't think it's beyond our reach of increasing that by 10 per cent in both of them - let's add 100,000 people and 200 events on to that 1,500 and see where we go from there.
SIV is the operating arm of Sheffield City Trust - with 17 facilities including Sheffield Arena, Sheffield City Hall and the English Institute of Sport.
"We have looked at an number of things. Initially I want to increase what we do with our ticketing service. We need to make it much easier and quicker to buy tickets.
"We have some fantastic events across the portfolio of venues and if people can buy the tickets quickly and efficiently, that's the start for us."
They added: “There are a number of really exciting opportunities available to us in this new structure. We will be able to bring together the community & commercial elements of SIV's fantastic events business and combine the incredibly diverse wealth of staff expertise, creativity and experience within this family of entertainment and events. This will undoubtedly enable us to grow the number of events we successfully host and deliver as well as increasing the number of customers, client and partners attending or taking part in these events."
Since 2010, the SIV Events team has helped support and build Sheffield's reputation as a premier destination for international and national conferences and business events.
SIV venues include Whitby Pavilion and The Spa is Scarborough.
Recent sporting events have included the Special Olympics Great Britain's National Summer Games, the BUCS Nationals, British Swimming's Swimming Championships and Summer Nationals. It also plays host at Sheffield Arena to the city's dominant ice hockey team, the Sheffield Steelers.
The 17 facilities it operates, employing around 1,200 staff, includes English Institute of Sport Sheffield, Hillsborough Leisure Centre, iceSheffield, Sheffield Arena, Ponds Forge International Sports Centre, Sheffield City Hall, The Spa, Scarborough, Whitby Pavilion, Tapton Park Golf Course, Westfield Sports Centre, Beauchief Golf Course, Birley Wood Golf Course, Concord Sports Centre, Heeley Swimming Baths, Springs Leisure Centre and Tinsley Golf Course.
Mr Stokes joined Sheffield City Trust in 2005, originally as the General Manager of Sheffield City Hall, and then subsequently taking on the role as Head of SIV Events and then Head of SIV Events and Pond Forge.
Their new role follows the recent appointment of Joe Waldron as the new Sheffield Arena General Manager.
Steve Brailey, chief executive of SIV, retires at the end of the month and will be replaced by Andrew Snelling, currently SIV's deputy chief executive.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ST. LOUIS - A man, woman, and infant were killed in a murder-suicide Friday afternoon in south St. Louis.
Authorities received a call asking for "police help" around 3:40 p.m. in the 6200 block of Kinsey Place; that's in the St. Louis Hills neighborhood. A family member discovered the bodies. During a Friday afternoon news conference, police said they believe the shooting occurred overnight.
The scene is located one block from Francis Park and a few blocks west of Bishop DuBourg High School.
The deceased individuals were identified as a husband, wife, and their three-month-old daughter.
Police recovered a firearm inside the room where the bodies were found.
A motive has not been determined, police said.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
PRAGUE, Czech Republic — Newcastle has completed the permanent signing of goalkeeper Martin Dubravka from Sparta Prague.
Sparta and Newcastle confirmed the transfer on Wednesday after the Premier League club activated an option to sign the 29-year-old Slovak, who joined the Magpies on loan in January.
Newcastle says Dubravka signed a contract until June 2022.
The goalkeeper had an impressive debut for Newcastle in a 1-0 victory over Manchester United and played 12 league matches overall.
Newcastle manager Rafa Benítez says: "We're delighted to finalize the permanent signing of Martin to Newcastle United today. Ever since they arrived with us on loan they have shown a fantastic attitude and great work ethic, and of course we have been very impressed with their performances for us on the pitch last season."
Dubravka has played 10 internationals for Slovakia.
By The Associated Press
WWE News: WWE legend reveals what will bring CM Punk back to wrestling
This Hall of Famer thinks that CM Punk misses wrestling!
Riju Dasgupta FEATURED COLUMNIST News 30 May 2018, 21:35 IST 816 Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
The wrestling world longs desperately for their return
What's the story?
CM Punk is a full-fledged UFC fighter right now. The most popular WWE news hogger and Superstar of the modern era has turned their back on professional wrestling for good.
On their Podcast 'Heated Conversations', WWE Hall of Famer Booker T revealed that the only way CM Punk would return to wrestling would be if they lost their next fight. I thank Wrestling Inc. for the quote.
In case you didn't know...
CM Punk had a pretty dismal first outing in UFC with a brutal loss to Mickey Gall. At UFC 203, they were put into a rear naked choke at 2:14 in the very first round. Punk would not give up their passion and will take on Mike Jackson at UFC 225.
Additionally, they are rumoured to be a part of the All In show that is being put together by Cody and The Young Bucks. While their appearance is not confirmed, there has been much speculation about the very same.
The heart of the matter
Booker T weighed in on what will get CM Punk back to the wrestling world:
I think if they lose this fight, he'll be at All In, with the Young Bucks [and] Cody Rhodes, making their way back to the pro wrestling world. I really think CM Punk [misses] the wrestling world. I just think they had a bad taste in their mouth, but they can get it back.
Booker T also believes that Mike Jackson is the favourite at UFC 225. This is because he's younger than Punk is and also has more MMA experience.
What's next?
Gear up for CM Punk's next fight on 9th June. Punk's future in the octagon hangs in the balance. It remains to be seen if he's up to the task!
Do you think CM Punk will be at All In? Let me know in the comments.
Follow Sportskeeda for the latest WWE news, rumors and all other wrestling news.
Send us news tips at fightclub@sportskeeda.com
TORONTO — The president of Toronto's police union says an officer's actions in arresting the suspect in a van attack that left at least 10 people dead Monday was "one shining moment" in an otherwise horrific day.
Mike McCormack of the Toronto Police Association says the arrest, caught on videos that have been widely circulated on social media, has served as a glimmer of hope for a city grappling with tragedy.
In one of the videos, a man is heard calling for the officer to kill him, threatening that they have a gun in their pocket. The officer refuses to shoot and tells the man to get down.
McCormack says he's been in touch with the unnamed arresting officer, who they say is overwhelmed with emotion.
Jedd O'Keeffe has their sights set on Aintree with beaten Stayers' Hurdle favourite Sam Spinner.
The Long Walk Hurdle winner could only finish fifth behind Penhill on Thursday after attempting to make all the running and O'Keeffe feels a little help in that regard would have made a big difference.
“I thought they ran very well but I don't think they ran quite to their best,” said the Middleham handler.
“I don't think the way the race was run suited them as they would have appreciated some company in front.
“The horse was probably a little inexperienced for making all on a stage like that. If he'd had some company on the first circuit a stronger pace would have seen them in a better light.
“Whether they would have been good enough to beat the likes of Penhill, I don't know, but he's a still a horse that can improve again next year.”
How Sam Spinner fares in the Ryanair Stayers' Hurdle at Aintree on April 14 is likely to decide whether they stay over timber or goes chasing.
“We've still got the option of schooling them over a fence – we're in two minds about that – as he's still a very exciting prospect,” said O'Keeffe. “The plan is to go to Aintree, the track there will suit. Ideally we'd like some company up front so we can help force it with something else or have something to aim at.
“Depending on how they do at Aintree, the French Champion Hurdle is still a possible because if we do consider a novice chase campaign I'd probably prefer to finish them sooner so they can get valuable experience over fences in the autumn.
“If we keep them over hurdles there aren't too many early-season opportunities, so it's still up in the air.”
Supasundae could possibly run at both the Aintree and Punchestown Festivals next month following their excellent effort in defeat in the Stayers' Hurdle at Cheltenham.
The Betway Aintree Hurdle on April 12 and the Champion Stayers Hurdle two weeks later in Ireland are being considered by trainer Jessica Harrington.
The County Kildare handler reports the eight-year-old to be in fine form, after finding only Penhill two lengths too good at Prestbury Park last week.
“There's not a bother on him. He's in great form,” they said.
“We're not quite sure, but they might go to Aintree and Punchestown.”
Harrington will wait until they have talked with owners the Cooper Family Syndicate before making any plans for Our Duke.
Last year's Irish Grand National hero disappointed in the Cheltenham Gold Cup after finding conditions unsuitable.
“He hasn't done much since they came back. He's actually been in their stable because we've had snow,” said Harrington. “He's fine, he's sound and back in one piece and that's the main thing.
“I don't know yet what we'll do next.
“I'll be talking to their owners this week.”
Our Duke was Harrington's only runner in the Gold Cup, with last year's winner Sizing John withdrawn eight days before the race after sustaining a hairline non-displaced fracture of their pelvis.
The eight-year-old has been having box rest before being reassessed.
“He gets rescanned on Thursday this week and then we'll have an update on him,” Harrington said.
ends
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Manchester United FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Dimitar Berbatov rolled back the years on Wednesday as they captained a team of Manchester United legends against Luis Figo's All Stars.
The veteran striker, currently a free agent after leaving PAOK Salonika, was joined by old United pals Ryan Giggs , Paul Scholes , Nemanja Vidic, Patrice Evra , Rio Ferdinand and Edwin van der Sar for the charity match in their native Bulgaria.
They also drafted in David James, Robbie Keane, Hristo Stoichkov, Krasmir Balakov, Stiliyan Petrov and Martin Petrov — none of whom played for the Red Devils — to bolster their side.
(Photo: Getty Images)
(Photo: Getty Images)
(Photo: EPA)
Berbatov, 36, and Co faced a star-studded Figo team boasting Roberto Carlos, Robert Pires, Deco, David Trezeguet, Christian Karembeu, Dwight Yorke, Michel Salgado, Maxwell and Jari Litmanen.
Speaking before the game at The Vasil Levski National Stadium, the forward said: "It will be the first time Bulgaria has seen so many huge stars in one place, brought together by the cause of charity.
"Together with them and with you who will come to the stadium, we will contribute to the better tomorrow."
(Photo: Getty Images)
(Photo: REUTERS)
(Photo: REUTERS)
Keane, who played alongside Berbatov at Tottenham, added: "Football is a sport that unites. This is its main goal, this is the main goal of the match in Sofia.
"We, the footballers, are incredibly lucky to be paid for what we love to do. I want to help more children follow their dreams. I'm very happy to be here."
Profits from the game were donated to two children's charities chosen by Berbatov and Figo.
Former Spurs boss Martin Jol said: "A great occasion to be here in Sofia. When Berbatov told me what stars they had invited for the game, I was very pleasantly surprised. Our relationship with them is perfect."
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Precision-crafted glass and metal design, an anodised aluminium frame, easy to hold and featuring beautiful contours, the Moto X4 is crafted to perfection indeed.
With the distinctive placement of the rear cameras, this phone makes a great subject for a photographic series.
Gaurav Sawn Photography
The light reveals the fluidity of its body; curves that fit perfectly in the contours of a palm.
Gaurav Sawn Photography
Reclining on a bed of satin, the glass-encased phone blends into the folds of the luxurious fabric.
The slimness, seamlessness and solidity of the phone make for a great profile shot.
A stunning design which is IP68 rated water-resistant too, it is as beautiful as it is strong.
We partnered with photographer Gaurav Sawn to create this series. Says Gaurav, “The glass sandwich design looks extremely good and the reflections on the back panel make the phone stand out. This is a phone that is best used without a case. The curved corners were also very comfortable to hold. All in all, really enjoyed shooting this phone!”
While this phone is elegant and crafted to perfection, it is also extremely tough, being protected from scratches with Corning® Gorilla® Glass that stretches all the way around.
You don't need to sacrifice of performance either. It's packed with a 2.2 GHz octa-core Qualcomm® Snapdragon™ 630 processor and comes with a TurboPower™ Charger which means hours of power in minutes!
For the music lover, this phone is a boon. With simultaneous connectivity of up to four Bluetooth® audio devices at the same time, you can build your own stereo system without worrying about cables.
The dual rear cameras – a 12MP that lets you focus faster and get great results even on dark, cloudy days, and an 8 MP camera, with wide angle lens makes your most ambitious photos look all the more impressive.
To get your hands on the Moto X4, and experience perfection, click here.
This article was produced by the Scroll marketing team on behalf of Motorola and not by the Scroll editorial team.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The royal family are getting ready for another exciting celebration - Prince Louis's christening.
The little royal, who is fifth in line to the throne, will be christened by the Archbishop of Canterbury, the Most Reverend Justin Welby, at the Chapel Royal in St James's Palace on Monday.
Like Prince George and Princess Charlotte's big days, it's likely to be a fairly quiet affair but there will still of course be some fancy additions.
And there's one extra special item which will be transported to the church for the occasion - and it's an extremely important part of the royal family's history.
(Image: PA)
Every royal (except one) born in the last 170 years has been christened in the Lily Font.
The 17inch tall font is gilded in silver and is believed to cost £11,000, reports the Sun .
However, experts believe it if was sold at auction today it would sell for a lot more.
The receipt at the time, dated, February 8, 1841, lists the price as £189 9s. 4d.
(Image: PA)
(Image: REUTERS)
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
Louis's older brother George and sister Charlotte were christened with the font, as were all their other relatives.
The font was commissioned for Princess Victoria's christening more than 170 years ago.
Crafted by silversmiths EJ and W Barnard out of silver gilt, the edge of the fluted bowl is decorated with sprays of flowers and ivy and the scrolled sides of the high base feature three large cherubs playing lyres.
It also features the royal arms of Queen Victoria and the joint royal arms of Victoria and Prince Albert - Prince Louis's great-great-great-great-great-grandparents, who were married in the Chapel Royal in 1840.
Investigators Say Austin 'Serial Bomber' May Have Used Tripwire In The Latest Blast
Enlarge this image toggle caption Suzanne Cordeiro/AFP/Getty Images Suzanne Cordeiro/AFP/Getty Images
Updated at 4:20 p.m. ET
Authorities say a fourth device that exploded in Austin, Texas, this month indicates a "serial bomber" — and one who is more sophisticated than the earlier bombs suggested.
Austin Chief of Police Brian Manley said Monday that investigators believe a tripwire might have been used in the device that exploded in a Southwest Austin neighborhood on Sunday night, injuring two men.
"The belief that we are now dealing with someone who is using tripwires shows a higher level of sophistication, a higher level of skill," they said, adding that if residents see suspicious objects that look out of place, "Do not even approach it, but instead call 911."
The fourth device exploded in the Travis Country neighborhood, which adjoins the Barton Creek Greenbelt. Two young men were walking along a sidewalk or the grassy area along it when they apparently tripped a wire, causing the bomb placed along a fence to detonate.
The neighborhood remains on lockdown. Police are asking residents for any video footage from any home security cameras that might show a possible suspect. No suspect has been identified in the case, which now has more than 500 agents working on it.
Manley said the victims of the latest blast are white males, ages 22 and 23, who both are now in the hospital with serious injuries.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Eric Gay/AP Eric Gay/AP
The previous package bombs that have exploded in Austin since March 2 targeted people of color, as the Two-Way has previously reported: "The first two packages were left at the homes of black residents, while Manley described the septuagenarian victim of the third blast as a Hispanic woman."
With the fourth bomb, the investigation seems to have moved into a new phase for investigators — because of the device's design and the randomness of its victims.
"With this tripwire, this changes things," said Christopher Combs, special agent in charge of the FBI's San Antonio office. "It's more sophisticated. It's not targeted to individuals. We're very concerned that with tripwires, a child could be walking down a sidewalk and hit something."
Austin resident Shelley Leath lives close to the site of the fourth blast — their son heard the explosion from their room.
"I've never seen so many police and ATF and FBI agents in one place," they told NPR on Monday. "There are helicopters overheard right now. There were [helicopters] last night until about 11:30 at night. So it's a little unsettling."
Agents from the ATF stopped by today, inquiring about the trails behind their apartment building and whether they had seen anything suspicious.
"We have been conditioned ... over the last week, week and a half to keep an eye out for packages, and that's a fairly easy thing to do. If you didn't order something, then don't pick up a package on your front door," they said. "But just walking down the street or walking your dog or rolling over a wire that can't be seen. ... It's scary."
"My son rides their bike all over this neighborhood, rides it down to the Greenbelt," they said. "I guess we can't do that. I'm not real sure."
The city's police chief said it was too soon to know the motive behind the attacks or label them as domestic terror.
"That is something we are going to analyze," Manley said. "We are clearly dealing with what we expect to be a serial bomber at this point, based on the similarities between what is now the fourth device. ... We will have to determine if we see a specific ideology behind this, or something that will lead us, along with our federal partners, to make that decision."
"As we said from the beginning, we were not willing to classify this as terrorism, as hate, because we just don't know enough," they added. "And what we have seen now is a significant change from what appeared to be three very targeted attacks, to what was last night an attack that would have hit a random victim that happened to walk by. So we've definitely seen a change in the method that this suspect ... is using."
A tripwire can be made of materials including filament wire, metal or fishing line.
YouTube
Authorities are offering a $100,000 reward for information leading to the arrest and conviction of a suspect in the case; Texas Crime Stoppers is offering an additional $15,000.
"We need this to stop," Combs said. "We are very concerned that people can get hurt just by walking now, when we have tripwires. A hundred thousand dollars is a lot of money, and we're hoping somebody knows something, and that they can call us, and help us stop what is going on here."
They also asked for the bomber to contact law enforcement.
"We don't understand why they are doing this," said Combs. "We have people here that they can talk to, and we would like that to occur. So we would like them to reach out and talk to us."
How The Food Industry Uses Cavitation, The Ocean's Most Powerful Punch
Enlarge this image toggle caption Reinhard Dirscherl/ullstein bild via Getty Images Reinhard Dirscherl/ullstein bild via Getty Images
Throughout history, being on the receiving end of anything involving cavitation, a miniscule underwater implosion, has been bad news. Millions of years before humans discovered cavitation — and promptly began avoiding it, given its tendency to chew up machinery — the phenomenon has provided the shockwave and awe behind a punch so ridiculously violent that it's made the mantis shrimp a honey badger-esque Internet mascot.
Now, a slew of companies is co-opting the phenomenon behind the ocean's most powerful punch to process food and beverages from yogurt to beer.
Cavitation is when low pressure in a liquid produces a bubble that rapidly collapses, and heats up to 20,000 Kelvin — hotter than the sun's surface. This usually releases a flash of light called sonoluminescence, which physicists still don't understand. Some physicists even theorize that cavitation bubbles could get hot enough to power nuclear fusion.
Mantis shrimp's club-like appendages generate these bubbles by punching with the acceleration of a .22 caliber bullet. When they hit their prey's shell, they create a low-pressure area, vaporizing water and forming a cavitation bubble that collapses with a shockwave with up to 280 percent of the force of the original punch. Pistol shrimp, the world's loudest animal, snap their claws so quickly that they create a low-pressure jet that causes cavitation bubbles, stunning prey.
We humans are newcomers to cavitation. We never properly observed it until 1895, on torpedo boat propellers. And, save for using cavitation to reduce drag on torpedoes, engineers have generally designed equipment to avoid it like the plague.
According to Doug Mancosky, chief science officer of Hydro Dynamics, which designs cavitation technology, when 15 years ago they started trying to convince biofuel and petroleum manufacturers that cavitation could be used to refine their products, they thought they were crazy. Now, their company is at the forefront of a burgeoning sector of firms selling cavitation technology to food and beverage manufacturers.
Their first foray into the food market, in 2013, was when Hydro Dynamics discovered that cavitation could simplify egg pasteurization. According to Mancosky, their tech, which uses a hole-filled rotor (picture the inside of a washing machine) to generate cavitation bubbles, could heat from within the liquid. "The surfaces of our devices actually stay cooler than the liquid flowing through it" so eggs couldn't harden like they did on hot industrial equipment. And since companies could tune the intensity of cavitation, they could pasteurize and mix eggs without breaking apart too many proteins in them.
Since then, Hydro Dynamics and their licensees have branched out into processing pet food and dairy products — such as making fluffier, aerated yogurt products and milk. More recently, they've begun using cavitation bubbles to unravel and condense proteins in low-fat whey drinks to a size where they produce a richer, fat-like mouthfeel. They aren't alone in the dairy market, though. Among others, Yoplait and Valio have also patented in-house methods of using cavitation to process dairy products in recent years.
However, since 2015 — when an Italian National Research Council team published pioneering research on using cavitation to brew beer — cavitation has been making the most waves in the beverage industry.
According to one scientist from that research team, Francesco Meneguzzi, they found that cavitation processed and converted more of the starch in barley to brewable sugars — without having to germinate it first — in less time, at lower temperatures. It also reduced volatile gases, broke apart gluten, and punctured microbes' membranes, sterilizing wort, the sugary liquid fermented into beer. They could skip boiling the wort, reducing energy consumption by 40 percent. MIT's Technology Review hailed the team's innovation, and since then, cavitation has become a burgeoning fascination of craft brewers.
Hydro Dynamics, for example, found that as cavitation bubbles formed and collapsed, they pushed and pulled wort through hops "like a plunger," Mancosky says, improving flavor extraction. Two years later, they have partnerships with a slew of craft breweries, including Anchor Brewing and Cabarrus.
"One application leads to another," Mancosky says. Cabarrus, which makes a beer infused with cold brew coffee, asked them if they could use cavitation to extract more flavor from coffee. "We said 'Yeah, it should help, the same way it helps extract more flavor from hops. They fired it up, and next thing you know, they're able to reduce their cold brewing time by 80 percent." Afterwards, working with Anchor Brewing on their blackberry ale, Hydro Dynamics demonstrated that cavitation could also more effectively extract flavor from fruit.
The transition to using cavitation technology has posed some technical challenges for brewers, though. As Anchor Brewmaster Scott Ungermann tells NPR, "cavitation can drive extraction of undesirable flavors as well as the ones that we are looking for ... with so many other variables it is very difficult to dial in exactly the flavor profile."
Ryan Cottongim of Witches Brew, another craft brewer that works with Hydro Dynamics, seconds Ungermann's sentiments, saying that trying to integrate new technology while trying to keep brews consistent has been difficult. Moreover, while Cottingham has enjoyed more efficiently extracting extra hop flavor, "at some point you hit that saturation point where you're not going to get any more from this."
Nevertheless, cavitation's alcoholic applications go even further. It can age liquor and wines by acting a catalyst. Cavitation can effectively accelerate barrel aging by extracting flavor from charred wood chips — while using the char as a carbon filter to trap impurities.
In the past two years, Hydro Dynamics has sold equipment to several wineries and distilleries for aging. And, two companies, Cavitation Technologies and Sonn Beverage Systems, are targeting consumers with household devices that age wine and spirits.
Sonn, however, uses ultrasound cavitation, a method of generating cavitation with soundwaves most well known for its use in breaking up kidney stones. Sonn CEO Denis Londry tells NPR they opted for ultrasound because "unlike other ways of generating cavitation, nothing is pressurized." The whole thing can be an open container with few moving parts — suitable for a countertop, if not a winery.
Much like Hydro Dynamics has, Londry says Sonn is also aiming to expand into the tea and coffee markets — both of which are markets eager to improve their flavor extraction technology. In fact, one cavitation technology firm confirmed to NPR that they're testing cold brewing equipment with one of the world's largest coffee chains.
But the edible applications of cavitation don't stop there. The same phenomenon behind the most powerful punch makes for a better blender, catalyzes sought-after reactions, and can "neutralize a large spectrum of spoiling and harmful microbes," such as bacteria and waterborne viruses, according to Meneguzzo, "much more effectively and efficiently than most other technologies."
After millions of years of punctuating the most destructive attacks the ocean has ever seen, the cavitation bubble has a bright future in making humans' food and drinks safer and tastier.
VERMILION, Alta. -
The second sea-can containing 34,614 pounds of books and supplies has started its journey to Belize via the Panama Canal, last month.
Rotary Club of Vermilion's Robin Sherwood has spent the last three years collecting school supplies for the people of Belize, and this time around 957 pieces will be headed their way.
The amount donated is up, from 900 pieces and 34,000 pounds, including 303 children's books, 106 children reference, 170 adolescent, 83 adult novels, four inspirational Christian, 13 dictionary-thesaurus, 108 teacher resources, nine educational texts, 98 binders and supplies, 20 backpacks, six copy paper, and 37 other.
“On my first trip to Belize, I was in a local library in a little town and I had more books in my house than they had, and this was the town's library and the school's library,” Sherwood previously told the Vermilion Standard. “It was sad how little was there, I just got thinking about it more.”
Shortly after, Sherwood met a Belizean archeologist and their wife, after some e-mailing back and forth, Sherwood was on their way to Calgary to pick up an empty sea can.
“I was originally thinking about a pallet,” said Sherwood.
A third sea-can has begun, due to the overwhelming success of the previous two.
Fiction and children and youth, looseleaf paper, and school supplies can be dropped off at the Vermilion Standard office from Monday to Thursday, 9 a.m. to 3:30 p.m., and Friday 9 a.m. to 2 p.m.
For more information, call Sherwood at 780-853-7255.
OTTAWA — The federal government spent $2.3 billion less than originally planned last year on new military gear, Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan revealed Wednesday, even as a prominent economic adviser to the Liberals sang the praises of investing in the defence sector.
The spending shortage, which will require Canada's military to continue to use some equipment longer than expected, means the government is already losing ground on the promise it made last year to invest $62 billion in the Forces over the next 20 years.
The mixed messages came during the first day of the two-day Cansec gathering in Ottawa, Canada's largest annual arms show, where officials from the world's biggest defence companies descend on the national capital to pitch their wares to the government and military.
Sajjan kicked off the event with an update on the Liberal government's new defence policy — a blueprint that details the specific equipment the military intends to buy over the next five years.
Many companies had been eagerly waiting to see which of the dozens of projects included in the multibillion-dollar defence policy were considered a priority and which were being put on the back burner.
What they heard instead was that the ambitious Liberal plan to ramp up spending got off to a slower start than expected: where Ottawa had planned to spend $6.2 billion last year, figures published with the defence policy show, they only managed to get $3.9 billion out the door.
Sajjan played down the discrepancy, saying a portion of the unspent money represented savings that the government was able to find on some projects, while others were the result of companies not fulfilling their obligations.
But they also admitted later that for some projects, "we weren't able to get it to the level we wanted. We're improving on that and things have improved drastically for this. It will improve as time goes on."
Defence companies won't be the only ones hoping Sajjan is right.
One of the government's most influential economic advisers told a luncheon audience that Canada's defence industry will be critical to sparking innovation and ensuring the country's prosperity over the long term.
Real Madrid v Man Utd
Real Madrid take on Man Utd on Tuesday 8th August, 2017, with kickoff at 19:45. This match is currently being shown LIVE on BT Sport 2.
Prior to this summer, we would have spent most of this preview talking about the giant piles of money the owners of these two clubs spent their summer, well, spending, but the chaps over in Paris have rather changed the game. Seeing the old guard of European football forced to eat sand is hilarious of course, but Real and Man Utd were intelligent enough not to wind up PSG at least.
As with the Community Shield, this is a game that will only matter to the winners, but we all know that it's really just a chance for UEFA to get together and plot evil things.
Real Madrid v Man Utd is LIVE on BT Sport 2.
Visit Frank Addington Jr. on the web. On Bowhunting.net: Frank's Monthly Column and Frank's Straight Talk Interviews. And at FrankAddingtonJr.com.
FA: Ann, first of all give us snapshot of your life pre-archery.
I was born in Cincinnati, Ohio on May 2, 1925 as one of 5 siblings. I married at the young age of 19 with no knowledge of the outdoors. My mother and father were champion roller skaters. My father, Frank Knierim was a speed skater and Ohio Champion in 1916. They met and married my mother, Aleen Dunlap, a dance specialist, at a local skating arena. My dad was known as the “Masked Marvel” and my Mom, “The Beauty of the Rink” on the dance floor. They were married July 4, 1921.
Before Archery, I was a housewife and mother of three. I owned quarter horses. I enjoyed trail rides and jumping. Summer weekends were spent at Lake Cumberland boating, water skiing and swimming.
FA: When did you first have a bow in your hand?
1952 I was employed at the McGregor Company in the accounting department. Prior to shooting the bow, I learned to hunt and fish. We used shot guns and rifles. My husband Jack was an avid hunter and wanted to learn to hunt with the bow. I bought them a Ben Pearson archery set for $10.00. They shot off the wrong side of the bow, tore an expensive leather jacket and made many trips to town to replace lost arrows. Jack didn't know any more about shooting the bow than I did. A friend at work had some knowledge and stopped by the house to show them the correct way to shoot. The year was 1952. Jack soon found a local bowyer E. Bud Pearson & Son. They ordered a special made bow for themselves at the cost of $55.00. Jack insisted that I learn so that we could hunt together. They took their $10 lemon wood bow and cut 2 inches off both ends. They thought that because of my petite size, I needed a shorter bow. It was like shooting a broom stick. How I stayed in archery after my trial and error start, I'll never know.
FA: Who introduced you to archery?
My husband, Jack Clark taught me to shoot through trial and error, books and listening to other archers. The best thing that happened in those earlier years was meeting Earl Hoyt at a mid western tournament at Winton Woods in Cincinnati, Ohio. Earl told Jack that I was over-bowed. Jack had previously purchased a 55 pound Bear Grizzly for me. At my 24″ draw, I was holding 47 pounds, entirely too much for this less than 5 foot 90 pound lady. Jack then made a trip to St. Louis to the Hoyt plant and purchased a 24 pound bow for me for target and field shooting.
FA: Were you a natural? Or did you have to work at it?
I worked hard. I doubt anyone is really a natural. It just comes easier for a few. Mental attitude will win or lose a tournament. I practiced concentration every chance I could. I listened to Earl Hoyt and their expert advice, read TAM magazine and gained knowledge from the top archers and advice from Jack Witt of Ben Pearson Archery.
FA: Tell us about your early days in archery. Did you hunt or did you just compete?
Ann's first with a bow
I started as a hunter and remain a hunter today. I harvested a doe white tailed deer in Mio Michigan where I met Fred Bear, we became lifelong friends. I visited the Bear Plant in Grayling. I continue to hunt after 53 years. I spent many hours and miles listening to Fred's advice on hunting.
Later, Jim Dougherty became my mentor at Ben Pearson Archery in all aspects of the sport from Business Management to bow hunting and how to greet the public at trade shows. They taught me how to be a lady of knowledge and match wits with bow hunters and Marketing personnel along with Retail representatives. I became a success in my trade as a representative and exhibition personality for Ben Pearson Archery thanks to Jim Dougherty.
Ann with Jim Dougherty at the 1979 NSGA Show in Chicago
Surrounded by Legends of the Fall, Jim Dougherty and Papa Bear
FA: who were some of the folks you competed with in those early days?
Ann Hoyt, Ann Marston, Clara Hoyt, Carole Meinhart, Margaret Tillberry, Mildred Pierson, Vicki Cook, Nancy Vonderheide, Betty Schmidt, Artic Palkowski, Betsy Hibbard, Jane Waite. They were all worthy and tough competitors.
FA: What were some of your achievements as a field and target archer?
Early trophies mark the beginning of a great career
Started as an instinctive field archer – won Ohio State, City and Regional tournaments- Participated in all phases of sport including Clout & Archery Golf along with Target and Rover shoots. I won many Ohio State Titles in both field and target archery. I won my first national target title in 1955 shooting against Ann Hoyt. One of my greatest achievements!
In 1957 I shot the first 1100 FITA round ever shot by a woman. I was the #1 woman representing the US world team that competed in Prague Czechoslovakia. We set records that have not been broken to this day. We broke them at all distances. The United States won all events for both men and women. I placed 2nd in the world after breaking the 70 meter record. In 1960 I won my second National Target Championship. Also in 1960, I won the National Field Title, and the International Indoor Championship sponsored by the Ben Pearson Archery Company. I shot both indoors and outdoors. I became a much sought after exhibition shooter.
Dead Eye with 6 Golds at 60 yards
Greater comfort and looks good too
FA: When did you start bow hunting?
I started bow hunting my first year in archery. The year was 1952. It was a learning experience. We hunted the Ohio woods with many missed shots. Trees would suddenly spring up to catch my arrows. I also got lost and panicked. Seems I should have stayed where I was and also wait until the compass settled down. Jack found me less than 100 yards from the road where I went in. As I said, it was a learning experience.
FA: Where are some of the places you have bow hunted?
In addition to the Diana Hunts, Indiana – Kentucky – South Africa. I have hunted in Ohio, Michigan, West Virginia, Wyoming, Minnesota, Wisconsin, Arkansas, Alabama, Florida, Colorado, Texas, Nebraska, Illinois, Arizona, New York and Pennsylvania.
FA: Where is your favorite place to hunt and what's been your best hunt?
Every place I hunt is my favorite. Each animal and state offer many challenges – be it shot gun, rifle in early years and now bows & arrows and crossbows. One of my best hunts was at a bow hunting festival in Sullivan County New York using a Recurve. Many a doubting Thomas soon stopped snickering when this tiny bow hunter entered camp dressed to the nines in Stiletto heels and looked anything but a bow hunter. All were awed as Bill Purcell, who was the coordinator of the hunt and picked me up for the morning hunt in full camo clothing and camo face.
All were amazed as I was the first to harvest my white tail deer, much to the chagrin of a local wild life butcher who gave me such a hard time the first day. They had to fulfill their promise if I downed an animal that they would field dress and butcher my animal as the camp watched.
My shot was witnessed by Bill Purcell. It was a neck shot and one of the cleanest harvests I ever made. The animal jumped straight up in the air and fell where I shot them 20 yards away. I used a Ben Pearson 40 pound take down bow.I used Easton aluminum shafts with 2 bladed Black Diamond Heads.
That evening dressed in my show costume, I did my show program at a local school. Never missing a shot with a packed house filled with bow hunters. It was very gratifying to gain their respect as a bow hunter and expert shot.
My best compound hunt was in Montrose Colorado hunting with Jim Jarvis outfitter recommended by Jim Dougherty. My one shot harvest on a beautiful mule deer was awesome. I used a Hoyt 45 pound bow with Rocky Mountain heads. They went about 70 yards. I heard them crash and it sounded like the forest caved in. I was so excited I almost shook myself out of my tree stand. They were an outstanding trophy.
Ann is all smiles with their first mule deer
With a crossbow, the excitement of my trip to South Africa was another awesome trip. To see so many animals, I could write an entire chapter on that hunt. Early on in the hunt, I learned that my 47 pound Hoyt bow and an arrow were not heavy enough to penetrate the thick hide of the wilde beast, the first game I shot. I switched to the Horton Crossbow and made a beautiful one shot harvest on a Blesbuc. Talk about excitement, this was a powerful experience. This beautiful mount, on my wall continues to remind me of the thrill of that hunt.
Africa calls, Ann goes and the successes keep mounting
Again with a Crossbow, this time a 10 Point Crossbow. It was a Diana hunt. President George Gardner, of 10 Point Archery, furnished all the bows for the Lady Diana's. They set up all the bows to shoot accurately. We were hunting Florida wild boar at the Palmer Ranch in La Belle, Florida. It was my first experience to hunt boar. You cannot imagine the excitement to see everything from turkey, deer, small game and the ugliest wild boar I had ever seen. I was always afraid to hunt the beast because of their fierce appearance and the many bad experiences other hunters told me about. It was one of the most exciting hunts with the Diana's. My boar hanging next to Ann Hoyt's was a thrilling experience and another trophy I'm very proud of.
Our guide and representative of Bear Archery Company also furnished cross bows, Craig Dougherty, taught me a world of knowledge as they accompanied me in my blind. An experience I shall never forget.
The Crossbow has allowed me to continue to hunt in a sport I love. I am unable to shoot a conventional bow because of an injury and advancing years. Without the aid of a Crossbow, I would be another memory hunter reliving days gone by in the field. I am very pleased and happy that there is a Crossbow to keep hunters such as myself active and enjoying the hunt. Every place I hunt is my favorite. Each animal and state offer many challenges.
FA: Were you in the retail archery business too? When and where?
Yes – Clark's Archery & Sports Center, Cincinnati, OH.
The Clark's first archery shop
Shortly after learning to shoot, my husband Jack and I opened Clark's Archery and Sports Center. At that time there were no archery specialty shops. Soon all sporting goods stores were recommending our shop to those interested in archery. We also sold guns and ammunition, fishing tackle and boats. We stayed in business from 1952 to 1963. When Jack's hunting and my travel to sport shows kept the shop closed, we had to make a decision, so we closed the shop.
FA: When did you do your first exhibition?
My first exhibition was after my first Ohio State Title as an instinctive shooter 1953. My first public exhibition was at the Cincinnati Sports Show in 1955. I had just won the National Target Championship. We were exhibitors at the show.
I was appalled at the stage show performance of an Indian act shooting an arrow elongated from their daughter's kneeling profile. I complained to the management of the danger. They hired me on the spot.
They had me dressed in a strapless evening gown shooting my bow. I was scared to death with full band and spotlights. I was so nervous I almost hit my husband who was assisting me in practice at 30 yards. I started crying and shaking. For me to miss a target at that time at 30 yards was unheard of.
The styles have changed but the form remains
Fortunately an Army Chaplain was near by. They calmed me, put the bow back in my hand and said all soldiers were afraid too. They told me to visualize everyone in the audience sitting in their underwear. To this day, shooting on stage, I do this. It helped a lot.
FA: What got you started as an exhibition shooter? Were you the first woman to travel the county as an exhibition shooter?
No, Ann Marston was the first. After my divorce from Jack Clark, I did not want to go back to an office. Archery was my greatest talent. The opportunity for travel and shows offered the best incentive.
FA: Give us some highlights of your career as an exhibition shooter? Places you've been, folks you've met…..
I have shot in most states also Canadian Providences. I remember well all the many friends I have met but most of all, my archery friends including all the Presidents of the National Archery Association since 1955.
Sport shows introduced me to such stars as Michael Ansara, Cochise of Broken Arrow TV series, John Bromfield, Jimmy Griffith of Sheriff of Cochise TV series, Mitch Vogel of Bonanza fame, another TV series. I have shot in most states excluding Vermont, Alaska and Maine and also all provinces in Canada. Working with the Delaney family, Chuck, Frank and Lorelei who produced shows in Chicago, Detroit, Ft. Worth, Indianapolis and Minnesota. I have worked with them for over 50 years. I have just completed the Game Fair in Anoka, Minnesota working with celebrities such as Kim Rhode, twice Olympic Trap Shooting Gold medalist.
In the 1970's, Jack Sharkey, former heavy weight champion of the world, turned sport show fly caster in the early 70's.We were doing a skit with a live audience and I was the last person they put their gloves on with. I have great pictures of this performance, a real trooper and a wonderful personality to work with. I will never forget Jack Sharkey.
I worked with Michael Ansara star of television Cochise of Broken Arrow. I taught them how to shoot and presented them with a Ben Pearson Lord Mercury Bow. I also worked with John Bromfield of the television series “Sheriff of Cochise”. They were the MC of all the Chicago Sport Shows called “Golden Eagle Productions”. Jimmy Griffith played along side John on the series and participated in many movies for many years. I also worked with Ted Williams a Ball Player Hall of Famer turned Show Fly Caster in Boston and Johnny Mize, another Baseball Personalty.
I enjoyed doing What's My Line? with my daughter Debbie on national TV. Romper Room was another national television show that was fun to work. Emmet Kelly never to be forgotten clown of all clowns.
The Bozo Show and a host of others too many to recall. Numerous radio and TV shows in all towns that I worked with so many wonderful people who taught me show business and stage presence.
I have many friends that I am still in contact with. It is hard to mention all the many friends, celebrities and just ordinary people who have shared their lives with me.
I have shot from 10 – 70 yards from high balconies, diving boards, atop telephone poles and arenas. My bouncing ping pong ball is an all-time favorite. But all close shots are forgotten when I did my long shot.
Tomorrow: Part II
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Chelsea FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Robbie Savage is backing Harry Kane and Diego Costa to score in Wednesday night's clash between Tottenham and Chelsea.
The Mirror columnist reckons there will be goals when the two high-flying Premier League sides meet at White Hart Lane, with Spurs looking to peg back the seemingly unstoppable Chelsea in the title race.
"If Chelsea win here at the Lane, that ends Tottenham's dreams once again of the title," Savage said, in association with William Hill.
"I expect goals. If you're looking at the goals, Kane has 10 Premier League goals and Costa has 14."
(Photo: REUTERS)
In Saturday's games, Savage is backing West Brom to beat Hull, Man City to beat Burnley, Liverpool to beat Sunderland, and Arsenal and Stoke both to come out on top in their respective matches against Bournemouth and Watford on Sunday.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now Watch this video again Video will play in Share this video Watch Next
In their correct score double, Savage is tipping Stoke to beat Watford 2-0 and Arsenal to beat Bournemouth 3-1.
Don't forget you can get a £5 bet every week with the William Hill Offer Club . For more tips and odds for this weekend check out William Hill's Twitter @WillHillBet .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now Watch this video again Video will play in Share this video Watch Next
Michael Simning. (Gwangju Foreigners' Network)
Nominations are being accepted for the Michael Simning Community Builder Award, an annual prize that recognizes people who have contributed to the community in Gwangju.To be eligible, nominees should be involved in an expat-oriented organization that has made a significant, lasting impact on the local community. The selection committee will consider community activities in the last year when deciding on the winner.The award was created to honor Michael Simning, a local expat who contributed to several charity and community activities and died in 2014. The previous winners were Sungbin Orphanage volunteer Al Barnum in 2015 and Jeff Hamilton and Kelly Palmer Kim in 2016 for their work in creating and running Global Families of Gwangju.The finalists for this year's award will be announced on May 17, and the award itself will be made on June 3, to coincide with Simning's birthday, which falls on the following day.Nominations will be accepted until Tuesday. A submission form is available at the Gwangju Community Builders Facebook page.By Paul Kerry (paulkerry@heralcorp.com)
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A lot of the good work done at football club's takes place away from the public eye and away from 3pm on a Saturday afternoon.
This is certainly true of a new group set up at Bristol Rovers.
The Bristol Rovers Disabled Supporters Association (BRFC DSA) is still in its infancy having only held a first open meeting in September this year, but the group is already making a tangible difference to Rovers fans.
The issues facing disabled fans have been raised far more vocally in the past few years, yet still remain vastly unheard in most cases.
Thankfully though, Rovers are a club not taking the issue lying down and have thrown their full weight behind the recently launched DSA.
With the idea first mooted in April this year as a consultation meeting took place, the club, the DSA and the Rovers supporters club have worked together during the last eight months to improve disabled facilities at the Memorial Stadium and get the DSA off the ground.
Zoe Kirkby, secretary of the DSA, outlined the groups aims as "representing disabled Rovers supporters in their dealings with the club, recommending and instigating measures to improve matchday experience at the Mem, and promoting the welfare of Rovers supporters."
Despite having just been launched, the DSA has already instigated a number of tangible changes around the Memorial Stadium.
"From day one rover consulted the DSA over changes around the Mem", explained Zoe, themselves a disabled Gashead with Hypermobile Ehlers-Danlos Syndrome (hEDS) and POTS with dysfunction of the Autonomic Nervous System.
"We were asked our thoughts and preferences, and so working in conjunction with the club, we've brought in some changes.
"The disabled bays have been repainted, more drop kerbs are in place, and where possible shelters have been built over wheelchair areas.
"We have moved the away wheelchair area so it is now between the away terrace and seating, and away fans are very happy with this move.
"We also now have more DAB radios, blankets and once delivered weather proof covers for wheelchair users to borrow on matchdays.
"There is also a new accessible toilet for the North Terrace."
While these may seem like relatively small changes, they can make a huge difference to the matchday experience for both home and away disabled fans.
So what's the Mem like for a disabled Gasheads at the moment?
"We may not have the best facilities," says Zoe.
"But we certainly don't have the worst, and you can create a positive and enjoyable experience in different ways.
"Every match someone offers to help and people you see regularly watch out for you and are ready to open doors. The flight attendants get to know you and assist when needed. I think we are lucky to have such a great set of supporters."
The DSA have made huge strides in their first few months and sent representatives to the South West disabled fans experience forum at Yeovil Town earlier this year.
Rovers will now be hosting this event next year.
Zoe acknowledges there are still huge strides to be made, but it's hard to argue with the impact the DSA is already having on the matchday experience for many disabled fans.
Anyone can become a member of the DSA and people can request membership by emailing Zoe at dsabristolrovers@outlook.com.
The DSA is also on social media via Twitter and Facebook.
Their website can be found here.
Bill Morrison began having a delightfully Mad time of things one year ago this month — when they officially began their tenure at the legendary magazine.
And since early this year, Morrison has begun to deploy their own sensibility to guide the comedy institution, as its first new top editor since the '80s.
For roughly half of the six-decade-plus lifespan of Mad magazine, John Ficarra steered the ship manned by the "Usual Gang of Idiots," including such rock-star artists as Al Jaffee, Sergio Aragones and Mort Drucker.
But as Mad recently moved to California from its longtime New York home, Morrison — who co-founded Bongo Comics in Southern California with three fellow executives, including "Simpsons" creator Matt Groening — took over amid the larger range of changes.
Even in new digs, Morrison, who is also president of the National Cartoonists Society, appreciates the historic magazine's irreverent sense of itself, honed over nearly seven decades.
"Mad's mission has always been to shove our culture in front of a funhouse mirror and say, 'Hey, everyone, take a look at how ridiculous this is!' " Morrison says. "We don't feel a need to change that.
"We look at what's going on in the world, from politics to entertainment to fads," they say, "and when we see something that deserves ridicule, we go to work."
For the bimonthly magazine's third issue under Morrison, Mad wanted to hit a target-rich environment on its cover, gathering recent headline names that Morrison thinks particularly deserve ridicule.
The issue will hit digital and physical shelves in August — a spoof of the Whac-A-Mole arcade game includes the heads of Roseanne Barr, Bill Cosby, President Donald Trump and Harvey Weinstein.
"We wanted to come up with a 'summer fun' cover and looked to things like beach parties, county fairs and amusement arcades for inspiration," Morrison says of the cover illustrated by Mark Fredrickson.
A sign of Eddie Jones's unswerving belief in their England players is that, even when missing so many injured personnel, they have no qualms picking someone who has spent most of the season in the very same position – injured.
To many onlookers, selecting Ben Te'o at No 13 against Italy tomorrow, must seem like utter madness.
The Worcester Warriors centre has not played – for club or country – since mid-October and England are already deemed vulnerable given they are bereft of 16 players for the Six Nations opener.
With that in mind, you would think Jones would pack in as many of their fit and well mainstays into their starting XV as physically possible to minimise any potential for disruption or upset.
Let's not forget, England is the only Six Nations side who have not yet been defeated by Italy since their tournament inception in 2000, something the Azzurri will be desperate to alter in Rome.
Yet, to make room for Te'o, Jones has decided to omit one of those reliable regulars in the shape of Jonathan Joseph.
The Bath centre started four of their five games in the last Six Nations which, of course, saw Jones oversee a second successive title success.
Te'o, meanwhile, has not played for England for almost a year, has only ever made one start – against Italy in last year's “ruckgate” Six Nations game – since debuting in 2016 and in their seven club games this term Worcester have lost six.
The one they did win, they only played three minutes.
Nevertheless, all this matters little to Jones, whose confidence in the player is so steadfast.
Admittedly, a powerful ball-carrier, Te'o is the nearest thing England will get to the perennially-injured Manu Tuilagi and, if that is the style Jones wants, they see the 31-year-old – who played two Tests for the British Lions against the All Blacks last summer – as the ideal candidate.
Furthermore, there can be no doubting the Auckland-born former Leinster player's commitment, either; after surgery on their ankle, Te'o paid thousands of pounds out of their own pocket to head back to Australia in November and hire trainers and physios they knew from their time with Brisbane Broncos to plot a six-week rehab' course.
The aim was to be ready for the Six Nations kick-off. It worked.
Still, it will be fascinating to see what impact the rugby league convert can have in the Stadio Olimpico.
For all their selection issues, Jones's side remain favourites to lift what would be an historic third successive Six Nations title but, unsurprisingly, Ireland are not far behind in the odds.
They won all three autumn Tests and arrive in confident mood with a more expansive attacking gameplan that seems to suit their players.
With scrum-half Conor Murray and fly-half Johnny Sexton in such rich form they will sense this is an opportunity to reclaim the crown although they face a stern opening Test today in Paris.
Former Italy coach Jacques Brunel is in charges of Les Bleus for the first time after veteran Guy Noves was sacked in December. France, historically, have been such an irritatingly inconsistent side and have, in fact, not won the Six Nations since 2010.
Brunel looks to turn that around and he, too, is unafraid to make bold choices.
For instance, Bordeaux Begles' Matthieu Jalibert – who is just 19 years-old and has only 15 appearances in France's Top 14 league – will make their debut today, starting at fly-half.
There is talk they could be the new Frederic Michalak and the teenager is undoubtedly gifted but they will be targeted from the off by the wily Irish back-row.
Scotland are tipped by many to challenge this time around especially given the progress made under Gregor Townsend.
On the back of that stunning autumn win over Australia and almost shocking the All Blacks, their stock is high.
Granted, their form on the road in the Six Nations is abysmal and not only in Cardiff where they head today.
They have not beaten Wales there since 2002 but of 45 previous away games in the tournament, Scotland have won just six, with four of those victories being against annual strugglers Italy.
This afternoon may be the best time to start changing that record; Wales, like England, are beset by injury issues.
They are without nine senior players although it might work in their favour as, now, Warren Gatland has included 10 Scarlets players in their starting line-up .
As the in-form region and PRO12 title winners, that could bring much-needed continuity.
You cannot look much further than England and Ireland as potential tournament winners but if Scotland can win today and with the Calcutta Cup at Murrayfield, who knows...
A lawmaker said Wednesday they have obtained intelligence that there are two North Korean spies in the country targeting defectors.
Rep. Ha Tae-Keung from the Bareun Party, who is well versed in North Korea issues, said the assassins are focusing on defectors who were high-ranking officials in Pyongyang or are actively engaging in activities against the regime.
Rep. Ha Tae-Keung of the Bareun Party (Yonhap)
"The government should thoroughly prepare to prevent possible assassinations of high-ranking North Korean defectors," Ha said.The remark came after Kim Jong-nam, the 45-year-old half brother of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un, was killed in Malaysia on Monday.The lawmaker claimed the assassins are men and their nationality is unknown."They could be North Koreans coming to the country through Southeast Asia, or terrorists from a third country like China or Southeast Asia," Ha said. (Yonhap)
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A British holidaymaker has died after plunging from a third floor hotel balcony in Ibiza.
The man, reportedly in their 20s, is the second holidaymaker to die in a hotel fall on the party island in just eight days.
They were pronounced dead at the popular Jet Apartments holiday block in the resort of Playa d'en Bossa around 6.30am this morning after a failed 45-minute attempt by paramedics to save their lives.
The circumstances in which they fell from a third-floor of one of the apartment blocks, around 5.35am, is currently being investigated by police.
Local reports said they had fallen around the swimming pool area.
(Image: SOLARPIX.COM)
Emergency service workers confirmed they were British.
It was not immediately clear if they had fallen from a balcony or a window.
On Sunday last week Callum Marriott, 26, from Clipstone, Notts, died after plunging onto the floor of an inside patio from the fourth-floor of a building called the Tanit building in nearby San Antonio.
They had just enjoyed their last night out on the holiday island with friends and was due to catch a plane home later the same day.
(Image: SOLARPIX.COM)
Investigators said afterwards they believed they may have been trying to get into their fourth-floor apartment when they fell around 4.15am on August 6 after leaving their friends and returning early only to find they didn't have keys to get in.
Charlie Simpkin, 20, a workmate at Mansfield Citroen where Callum worked as a technician, said in a moving tribute: “There aren't words to describe him. They were just golden. They were like a brother to me.
"He was really bubbly, they loved life, their music and their cars.”
A 27-year-old Irishman was badly hurt last month after hitting their head on the bottom of their swimming pool at their two-star hotel in San Antonio when they miscalculated the depth and dived into the shallow end.
SPRINGFIELD -- A spokesperson for the state Department of Transportation said Friday that most car inspection stations in Massachusetts were back in service after a week-long glitch related to newly installed, state-of-the art inspection equipment.
The situation had left motorists being told this week at hundreds of stations that they would have to return another day to get their annual inspections and stickers.
The situation improved day by day as more stations were able to activate the new system, said Jacquelyn Goddard, MassDOT spokesperson.
The Massachusetts Registry of Motor Vehicles launched the new car inspection system on Oct. 1, featuring the new equipment for 1,347 stations, which was preceded by training, Goddard said. The new vendor, Applus Technologies, was "overwhelmed" Monday with 5,000 problems calls from stations across the state, they said.
Applus took over emissions testing for the Massachusetts Vehicle Check program, a joint initiative of the MassDEP and the Registry of Motor Vehicles.
The registry, other agencies, and Applus were assisting service station inspectors "to ensure they have the tools, supplies and training they need to fully know how to use the new software and technology," MassDOT said.
Of 1,347 stations, just 531 stations were operational by the end of the day Monday, and the number gradually rose to 797 by the end of Tuesday, 983 by the end of Wednesday, and 1,290 by mid-day Friday, they said.
MassDOT, in a prepared statement on Friday said: "The Registry of Motor Vehicles appreciates the understanding and patience of the public and station inspectors as the new equipment is activated this week. We continue to work with our DEP colleagues and the inspection vendor, Applus, to respond to requests for help from inspectors and to visit stations.
"Throughout the holiday weekend, the Call Center will be assisting inspectors from 7 a.m. through 8 p.m. daily in order to ensure they have the tools, supplies and training they need and fully understand how to use the new software and technology. In addition, station visits will continue to occur daily."
By: Will Reeve Jr | 6 hours ago
The Los Angeles Chargers got lambasted by the Seattle Seahawks 48-17 in their home debut at the StubHub Center in Carson, California, but there were some bright spots.
The first-team offense did walk right down the field to score an opening-drive touchdown in familiar fashion as quarterback Philip Rivers hit tight end Antonio Gates for a five-yard touchdown.
The starting defense allowed just three of the Seahawks' 48 points. Below fans can find all the scoring plays and highlights from the game.
End of Game
Chargers: 17, Seahawks: 48
Bercovici misreads blitz, gets sacked, fumbles and is recovered by Seattle.
Backup quarterback Mike Bercovici hits Da'Ron Brown for a 49-yard strike to get the Bolts into scoring range.
Seahawks: 48, Chargers: 17
Drive (5:35): 11 plays, 90 yards.
Clock: 6:26 left in the game.
54' TOUCHDOWWWWN Seahawks! Alex Collins would not be denied! 48-17 | #SEAvsLAC pic.twitter.com/9hxGol4PC4 — Seattle Seahawks (@Seahawks) August 14, 2017
Seahawks third-string QB Austin Davis hands off to running back Alex Collins for a one-yard touchdown run off left guard. Blair Walsh extra point is good.
Seahawks: 41, Chargers: 17
The Seahawks' 41 points are 10 more than any other NFL team scored in the first week of the preseason, & the 4th quarter hasn't started yet. — Greg Beacham (@gregbeacham) August 14, 2017
Chargers: 17, Seahawks: 41
Clock: 7:14 left in third quarter.
Boykin is hit as they throw… And rookie DB @blaqbadger14 goes up and gets the INT! #SEAvsLAC pic.twitter.com/BmqRJQ4qb3 — NFL (@NFL) August 14, 2017
Rookie Chargers cornerback Desmond King intercepts Boykin for the fifth round selection's first big play of their NFL career.
Seahawks: 41, Chargers: 17
Carson rushes for one yard up the middle for the touchdown, No. 2 rushing TD on the day for Carson.
Boykin hits Kasen Williams for a 29-yard reception (Chargers CB Michael Davis beat fourth time deep) down to Los Angeles' one-yard line.
End of half
Chargers: 17, Seahawks: 34
Drive (29 seconds): 4 plays, 43 yards
Josh Lambo 53-yard field goal is good.
Chargers backup quarterback Cardale Jones checks into the game for the first time and proceeds to fire a 38-yard completion to newly acquired tight end Matt Weiser.
Seahawks: 34, Chargers: 14
Drive (42 seconds): 4 plays, 43 yards
Clock: 29 seconds left in the first half.
Boykin rushes for a four-yard touchdown up the middle after the Chargers are unable to get any pressure up the middle.
Seahawks: 27, Chargers: 14
Drive (five seconds): 1 play, 1 yards
Clock: 3:07 left in the first half.
Boykin hands off to Chris Carson who runs up the gut for a one-yard touchdown. Walsh extra point good.
Chargers: 14, Seahawks: 20
The turnover comes on the heels of Clemens' second interception of the game (both off tipped passes).
Chargers running back Andre Williams fumbles exchange from Kellen Clemens, Seahawks recover at Los Angeles Chargers one-yard line.
Seahawks: 20, Chargers: 14
Clock: 3:24 left in the first half.
Boykin misses Lawler in the back of the end zone, the pass was defensed by Charger LB Nick Dzubnar.
Seahawks: 17, Chargers: 14
Clock: 11:07 left in first half.
Seahawks go for it on 4th-and-goal from the one and a half yard line and Boykin completes a touchdown pass to Kenny Lawler.
Safety Tre Boston stuff Seahawks running back Eddie Lacy on a 3rd-and-goal inside the two-yard line.
Chargers rookie cornerback Michael Davis gets beat deep, allowing Trevone Boykin and the Seahawks into the red zone.
Chargers: 14, Seahawks, 10
Drive (:17): 1 play, 74 yards.
Clock: 56 seconds left in the first quarter.
Clemens hits the speedy wide receiver Travis Benjamin for a 74-yard passing touchdown. Extra-point try good by Koo.
Seahawks: 10, Chargers: 7
Clock: 1:13 remaining in the first quarter.
Chargers backup quarter Kellen Clemons pass intended for Oliver turns into a 37-yard pick-six by Seahawks linebacker Terence Garvin.
Seahawks: 3, Chargers: 7
Drive (3:12): 8 plays, 51 yards
After being tracked down on a scramble by Chargers CB Trevor Williams, Seahawks quarterback Russell Wilson & Co. settle for a 42-yard field goal for Blair Walsh.
Chargers: 7, Seahawks: 0
Drive (7:15): 13 plays, 75 yards
Key stat line: Rivers goes 5-of-6, 56 yards, one TD with a 145.1 passer rating.
Rivers connects with old reliable in tight end Antonio Gates for a five-yard touchdown.
Rivers goes to running back Branden Oliver on back-to-back plays netting a five-yard rush and a 15-yard reception (screen), to get Chargers into the Seahawks' red zone.
Rivers converts on 3rd-and-9 by hitting wide receiver Travis Benjamin for 15 yards.
Rivers connects with second-year tight end Hunter Henry for a 17-yard gain on a crossing route.
Chargers first drive begins from the 25-yard line with a four-yard rush by running back Melvin Gordon off left tackle.
Pregame
Moments away from game action.
No. 17 getting in their pregame work, while looking as comfortable as ever.
Bosa and their defensive line mates certainly look ready for some real football hitting.
Over 45,000 passing yards and counting, Philip Rivers takes the field for the first time at the StubHub Center.
After a breakout 2016 campaign that was again cut short by injury, running back Melvin Gordon peers onto the field ready to take their game to the next level Sunday night.
SAN ANTONIO — Joseph Kilgore scored nine of their 11 points in the second half as Texas A&M-Corpus Christi got off to a slow start before rallying in the second period for a 56-51 win over Incarnate Word on Saturday afternoon for its fourth straight victory.
Trailing 32-24 at the break, the Islanders tracked Incarnate Word until Kareem South, who finished with 11 points and nine rebounds, hit a jumper for a 45-44 lead with 7:06 remaining. It was their first lead since midway of the first half. Sean Rhea made four free throws and Myles Smith added one in the final 34 seconds to seal the win.
Kilgore now has 1,001 points in their career.
A&M-CC (8-12, 5-5) had lost six of its last seven games before winning four straight in Southland Conference play.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It may be a long time since Elvis left the building but their ex-wife admits they are still all shook up about it.
Wednesday is the 40th anniversary of the rock 'n' roll icon's tragic end – found dead in the bathroom at their Graceland home in Memphis, Tennessee, aged just 42.
And Priscilla Presley , 72, said: “You never get it out of your mind. It's still difficult to believe that Elvis is gone. In everything we do, we try to make sure their DNA is there. It keeps them alive. They still exist, they are still here.”
One way of achieving this is memorabilia exhibitions – and a new show featuring more than 200 items from the Graceland archives is heading to the UK.
It includes some of The King's jumpsuits and guitars, and focuses on their career between 1969 and their death in 1977.
(Image: PA)
(Image: PA)
Priscilla was 14 when they met Elvis in September 1959, while they were serving in the US army in Germany.
They met up again in America in 1962 and they moved to Graceland the next year, marrying the star in 1966. Elvis's schedule put a strain on them and after both having affairs, they split in 1973.
But even now, Priscilla cherishes their memory and will make an appearance during the retrospective at the O2 in London.
(Image: PA)
(Image: PA)
(Image: PA)
They said: “The exhibition keeps Elvis alive, keeps them within not just the family but for fans and people who being introduced to Elvis. Their impact resonates.
"We have a new fan base that have come in and want to know more. Some of the items coming to London have not left Graceland before.”
A similar O2 show three years ago attracted 200,000 in nine months. Priscilla said: “Britain was always special to Elvis. They couldn't believe a country he'd never been to supported them so much.”
A Peterborough councillor has spoken about their undercover spy past for the first time after being named by a public inquiry.
Conservative councillor Andy Coles was deployed to infiltrate “some of the most committed and violent animal liberation extremists operating in the UK in the early 1990s,” they have exclusively told the Peterborough Telegraph.
Andy Coles
The Tory member for Fletton and Woodston on Peterborough City Council has also publicly denied allegations against them for the first time after claims they had a relationship with a young activist called “Jessica” while working as an undercover officer.
The PT has previously revealed that no action was taken against them after they were twice referred to the Independent Police Complaints Commission.
Mr Coles was previously the Deputy Police and Crime Commissioner for Cambridgeshire but resigned when the allegations first surfaced in May 2017.
At the time they said the coverage was “significantly impacting” on their ability to carry out the role.
Protests against Andy Coles outside Peterborough Town Hall
Their first public disclosure on their spy past comes only because they were named this evening (Monday, March 19) by the Undercover Policing Inquiry.
The inquiry is asking for people who came into contact with Mr Coles while they were using their undercover name of Andy Davey to come forward.
Mr Coles said: “I am pleased at last to be able to confirm that in my past I was deployed as an undercover police officer to infiltrate some of the most committed and violent animal liberation extremists operating in the UK in the early 1990s.
“I am also pleased to confirm that both the IPCC and the Metropolitan Police have investigated the lurid claims made by a woman using the pseudonym “Jessica” and have told me I face no charges or any further investigation into their allegations, which I am now able to deny publicly.
“The right place to make further comment in this case is in the Public Inquiry where I welcome the opportunity to give my evidence in due course.
“Animal Rights extremists are notorious for the intimidation and bullying of people they disagree with. I am a democratically elected representative for the people of Fletton and Woodston and I will continue to fulfil my duties as a councillor to the best of my ability and to act on their behalf to resolve problems despite ongoing protests by the extremists.
“I will not make any further public comment on my past police role at this time.”
The inquiry has also released an undercover officer manual which was written by Mr Coles.
Mr Coles (under the cover name Andy Davey) has been named by the inquiry as having been deployed between 1991 and 1995 in the:
. Animal Liberation Front
. Animal Liberation Front Support Group
. London Boots Action Group/London Animal Action
. London Animal Rights Coalition
. Brixton Hunt Saboteurs.
The allegations against Mr Coles were first aired by Channel 4 last May.
The Conservative councillor was then subject to large protests inside and outside of the Town Hall with one Full Council meeting last July even postponed due to disruption caused by the protesters inside the public gallery, which has been closed ever since.
The rearranged meeting was then patrolled by private security guards - at a cost of £1,500 to the council - as well as by police.
“Jessica” has been made a ‘core participant' in the inquiry.
The inquiry's purpose is to investigate and report on undercover police operations conducted by English and Welsh police forces in England and Wales since 1968.
The inquiry will examine the contribution undercover policing has made to tackling crime, how it was and is supervised and regulated, and its effect on individuals involved – both police officers and others who came into contact with them.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get FC Barcelona updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Barcelona have agreed a deal to sign Paulinho in a deal worth £36.4million.
The former Tottenham midfielder will move from Chinese Super League side Guangzhou Evergrande, where they have been plying their trade for two years.
A medical has been scheduled for Thursday with the player to be unveiled on the same day.
A buy-out clause in their new deal with the Blaugrana has been set at €120m (£109.2m).
(Image: REUTERS)
Barça have been chasing the Brazilian international all summer and initially opened bidding with a £17million approach.
But they will pay more than double that, as they enter the transfer market for the first time since Neymar's departure to Paris Saint-Germain.
Paulinho moved to China in 2015 after a disappointing spell with Spurs in the Premier League.
(Image: Daily Mirror)
After joining in a £17million deal from Corinthians, Paulinho struggled to make an impact at White Hart Lane.
They have, however, impressed during their short spell in China, earning a recall to the Brazilian national team in the process and catching the attention of Barcelona scouts.
Paulinho's international team-mate Philippe Coutinho remains a target for Barcelona, despite Liverpool insisting that they will not part with their prized possession.
The Reds turned down Coutinho's transfer request on Friday.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Coutinho responded to a statement issued by Reds bosses FSG , which definitively started they would not be sold during the current transfer window under any circumstance for any price - by slapping in their demand to leave.
It is understood the player's representatives suggested privately they would be submitting the request at lunch time, and that duly followed, with the player themselves sending an email to the club setting out a formal transfer request.
Coutinho missed Liverpool's opening game of the season at Watford through injury.
That's when the fans started biting, and the book accepted 57 bets, igniting a new wave of daily betting on a sport that has long stood as the least popular wager among the major sports, behind college football and basketball and less, on a game-versus-fight basis, than boxing and the UFC.
Betting during Golden Knights "home games has jumped up quite a bit, and the overall awareness of the tourist on hockey is way up," Rood said.
The Golden Knights' odds to win the Cup are now listed at 9 to 2. The team stands as the third favourite, behind the Eastern Conference favourite Tampa Bay Lightning and Western Conference favourite Nashville Predators, who are at 4 to 1.
Last week, Station Casinos offered its loyalty reward "Boarding Pass" club members a randomly selected free bet ranging from $5 to $250 (at 4 to 1 odds) on the Golden Knights to win the Stanley Cup, as an incentive to swipe their loyalty card at a Station location by Monday.
The greatest future-book long-shot to win a championship was soccer's Leicester City of the English Premier League at 5,000 to 1, "but no one bet them with me," Kornegay said, recalling big financial hits suffered when replacement quarterback Kurt Warner led the St. Louis Rams to a Super Bowl win in 2000 and a 500-to-1 NASCAR driver won a race a few years ago. They also sweated out NCAA basketball losses by massive underdogs Virginia Commonwealth and George Mason.
"We're fans of the 1/8Vegas3/8 team, but we know in the long run, business will take care of itself," Kornegay said.
The business of hockey betting has boomed like never before at the sports books along the Strip, with estimates that the books have seen a 35 per cent increase in hockey wagers this season thanks to the excitement over the Golden Knights increasing local knowledge of the game.
As a Golden Knights fan, Kornegay said they and their family have become a bit "distraught" just because the team will have been off the ice for more than a week after eliminating the Kings in four games.
Do they think they'll win the Cup?
"I hope they do. They have what it takes, but that doesn't necessarily mean they'll hoist the Cup," Kor-negay said. "We just posted the series price versus the Sharks and they're a minus-140 favourite, which is less than being a 3-point favourite in football. They've got a long way to go, and it's hockey, where anything can happen. There are so many upsets in this game. You can run into a hot goalie, have injuries. It's a crapshoot, and this year will be no different, because all those teams in the West can be a roadblock."
Many of Kornegay's colleagues have taken to rooting against the Knights.
"If you talk to some of the guys ... they maintain their ties to their teams from Pittsburgh or New York, and they're saying, 'We've got to knock the Golden Knights out,' " Kornegay said. "My boss, who's from Pittsburgh, says, 'No worries, they've got to get through the Penguins, anyway. ...'
"For me, it's like, well, if my team wins, they win. But if they don't, at least we saved ourselves at the book."
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A horrified student claims they captured the ghost of a caretaker stalking an abandoned mental asylum after dark.
Kyla Peberdy was exploring Denbigh Asylum, in Wales, with three friends when they came across a spooky derelict corridor.
Despite hearing banging, talking and experiencing cold shivers, it wasn't until Kyla looked back at the photographs, taken on December 2, that they noticed the ghostly figure .
The 22-year-old was shocked when they saw the 'ghost' lurking in the distance and believes it could have been a deceased care-taker who used to work at the asylum.
(Image: Caters News Agency)
Kyla, from Crewe, Cheshire, said: "It was really scary in there - it felt as though ghosts were present because I could feel the tension.
"But it wasn't until we returned to the car and I was looking through the photographs that I saw the ghost.
"As soon as I saw the figure I had a horrible pain in my chest, that went all the way down my arm, and I couldn't speak, it was terrifying.
"Rumour has it that there's the ghost of a care-taker there I'm sure that's him."
(Image: Caters News Agency)
Kyla, an avid fan of the paranormal, decided to explore the abandoned asylum after hearing that it was haunted.
Despite being sceptical about what they would find, Kyla came out of the asylum horrified and having their beliefs of the paranormal confirmed.
Kyla added: "When we were in there it was terrifying - doors were shutting behind us and there was continual banging.
"When I started taking photographs I could see orbs and mist covering my screen, as though the ghost was getting in the photo.
"As soon as I saw the mist I knew I had to get out of the asylum so I ran out, but as I was running I could still hear voices.
"However even when I thought I was safe in the car, that's when I saw the care-taker in the photograph of the corridor. My fear took over all over again."
(Image: Caters News Agency)
Despite their terrifying encounter at the asylum, Kyla insists that they want to return in the day time and even wants to camp out in the asylum's adjoining morgue.
Kyla said: "Although it was terrifying, going back to the building in the day would be a great way to continue exploring.
"We also didn't get to see the morgue when we were there, and that's something that the paranormal side of me really wants to see.
"I want to camp there in hope of seeing some more ghosts. It would be interesting to see if the care-taker returned."
The Villagers are moving their annual garden tour further south this year but guests will be in for a treat as the site offers an extensive collection of orchids, Asian-inspired accents, water features, restored hardwood hammock, paths, pools and tropical plants at two of the many unique properties throughout this expansive 20 plus acre site. The two featured gardens, where The Villagers' coffee-table book Gardens of Miami will be on display and for sale, will have members on hand to guide tour-goers through the South Miami-Dade Redland sites located at 21900 SW 157 Avenue and 28100 SW 181 Avenue. Chairing the event is Sheila Revell ably assisted by their hardworking committee: Karen Alexander, Renee Betancourt, Jeanne Bunten, Gayle Duncan, and
Bev Gerald.
Visitors will drive their own vehicles between the properties; so, carpooling would be a great idea. These venues will not be able to accommodate wheelchairs, walkers or strollers. Also, guests are encouraged to wear comfortable walking shoes. There is no smoking or commercial photography.
Tickets are $30, advance purchase and $35 the day of the tour, if not sold out, and are available through Villagers' members or online (with a $2 service fee), at www.thevillagersinc.org. All proceeds will support historic preservation.
In other news, the Junior Orange Bowl Committee held their monthly meeting on January 18 hosted by Evensky & Katz/ Folds Financial.
The meeting provided a recap for some of the festival's biggest events with presentations from Chuck Little, the Basketball Chair, and Barbara Waters, for Tennis. The JOBC also announced the slate of officers for the 2018-19 Festival Season: President – Frandley DeFilie; President-Elect – Isa Goenaga; Vice President – Steven Gonzalez; Vice President – Luis Quiñones; Secretary – Ana River; Treasurer – Aldo Castañeda. The nominees will be officially elected at the next closed meeting for members only on February 15. Coming up on March 10, plans are underway for JOBC's Annual Gala at the Intercontinental Miami. More of this event in the next issue. Those interested in sponsorship or tickets may visit www.jrorangebowl.org.
Recently, more than 100 volunteers attended Frost Science's Citizen Science Work Day which also launched Frost Science's newly-awarded Resilient Communities Program Grant from the National Fish and Wildlife Foundation and Wells Fargo. This grant will help further the work of Frost Science's Museum Volunteers for the Environment (MUVE) initiative, a volunteer-based coastal habitat restoration and citizen science effort.
Finally, there are many events to put on your calendars. Don't forget, Rotary's Chili Cook – Off on Sunday, February 25, 1 – 5 p.m. at Fred B. Hartnett Ponce Circle Park in the Gables. On March 10, A Safe Haven for Newborns Walk will be held at Amelia Earhart Park. For more information visit www.asafehavenfornewborns.com. Yet another great event to schedule, save March 24 for “Lights, Camera, Auction” Gala for the GFWC Coral Gables Children Dental Clinic produced by the Coral Gables Woman's Club. More on these events coming soon.
Until next time, keep making each day count.
BILLERICA - A Billerica man was indicted on sexual exploitation charges in U.S. District Court in Boston on Thursday.
Philip Toronto, 43, faces two counts of sexual exploitation of children.
Toronto was arrested in February following an investigation into their activities by the U.S. Postal Service police and Massachusetts State police.
According to court documents, investigators were led to Toronto after Massachusetts State police received a tip from the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children regarding a Skype user who had uploaded suspected images of child porn to the internet site in October of 2016.
Investigators subsequently subpoenaed Verizon for account information associated with with the Skype account, which led them to Toronto.
When questioned, Toronto initially denied involvement with child porn or child abuse but later admitted to investigators that they had been responsible for the images uploaded to Skype, the documents say.
Investigators also found images of child pornography on Toronto's computer and cell phone.
An arraignment hearing for Toronto is set for Oct. 19 in U.S. District Court in Boston.
Ben Te'o has been instructed to go “fox-hunting” when England launch their NatWest Six Nations title defence tomorrow.
Te'o has ousted Jonathan Joseph at outside centre for the Stadio Olimpico encounter, making their first Test appearance outside of the British & Irish Lions tour for almost a year after recovering from three months out with a high ankle sprain.
England's Ben Te'o during the training session at Pennyhill Park, Bagshot.
They faced Italy in the 2017 Championship, but their only other England start came amid “ruckgate”, the controversial yet then-legal tactic employed by Conor O'Shea's Azzurri to spread confusion among the Red Rose ranks at Twickenham. The plan was named ‘The Fox' by its architects and head coach Eddie Jones wants Te'o, a destructive ball carrier who will bring a physical edge to midfield, to seize their chance this time.
“We played them against Italy last year and the fox got him. The fox got them big time, so they want to go fox-hunting this week,” Jones said.
“We want to see them carry the ball. If there are no foxes out there, they might have a chance.
“We want them to hit the line hard, that's what he's good at. For a big man he's got good footwork. Their attitude is great and he'll add a different dimension at 13 for us.
We played them against Italy last year and the fox got him. The fox got them big time, so they want to go fox-hunting this week Eddie Jones
“And that's how we want to play against Italy – a really physical game to set the tone for the tournament. We want to be brutal and absolutely ruthless on Sunday.”
Te'o made an impact on the Lions' drawn series with New Zealand last summer, containing Sonny Bill Williams in the first Test before winning their 10th cap in the Auckland decider.
Subsequently the Worcester centre started the Aviva Premiership season only to damage the syndesmotic ligaments of the lower leg in mid October, resulting in surgery and a lay-off that will conclude on Sunday.
Rehabilitation was undertaken in Brisbane at the player's own cost and Jones saw enough during last week's training camp in Portugal to convince them they were ready to for Italy.
“Ben was outstanding in the first Lions Test. They went at Sonny Bill and did some really good things,” said Jones.
“I know they were criticised a bit for not passing, but they had a significant impact in that game and looked like a player who can win Test matches for you.
“I judge the players by how they come into us. I watch a lot of club rugby and I study it, but it's about how they train with us that decides their fate.
“He's just a good rugby player. They were ranked above Sam Burgess – that's the stature of them in rugby league.
“He's got a certain calmness and stable demeanour about him, they don't get too flustered or excited.”
Te'o's importance to the team grows in the absence of Billy Vunipola and Nathan Hughes, the marauding No 8s who provide the majority of England's momentum. “Size is always an issue for us. The issue is do we find bigger players or do we get quicker or more skilful? We look at both options and we're working on both,” added Jones.
The void created by Vunipola and Hughes is filled by Sam Simmonds, the in-form Exeter back row who serves as an effective ball-carrier despite lacking the size of their rivals for the position.
“Sam is a good young kid, they do the simple things well, they run hard, tackles hard, works hard,” said Jones.
“He is a humble boy, he's really fitted into the team well and their enthusiasm for ball carrying is going to be important on Sunday.
“We don't want to rely on one dominant ball-carrier because if you rely on one then the opposition find a way to stop that ball-carrier and you're stopped going forward.”
Ben Youngs has held off the challenge of Leeds-born Danny Care at scrum-half and will link up with George Ford at half-back with Owen Farrell assigned as the foil to Te'o in midfield.
Courtney Lawes slots in at blindside flanker and Chris Robshaw at openside with Maro Itoje present at lock, where they partner Joe Launchbury. “It's important to have three regular jumpers and we have that with Maro, Courtney and Joe,” said Jones.
Dylan Hartley leads a starting XV containing 689 caps in what will be their 90th appearance.
England are seeking to become the first team to win three successive outright Championship titles and enter the tournament as favourites.
“Test match rugby never changes, it doesn't matter who you are playing and where you are playing them,” Jones said.
“You've got to get your set-piece right, you've got to be strong defensively and you've got to play with aggression and energy.”
Six Nations preview interviews: Pages 8 & 9
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Raheem Sterling says England are determined to do the whole nation proud.
They can sense the growing belief from back home and insists the Three Lions are ready to seize their moment at this World Cup .
Manchester City ­forward Sterling helped England end their 12-year wait to win a knockout game in a major tournament and their penalties hoodoo by beating Colombia on Tuesday.
It is now opening up for ­them with a quarter-final against Sweden on Saturday and there is a glorious chance to reach the World Cup final for the first time since 1966.
Sterling said: “Now we have a great chance to go again and do the country proud. It's hard not to get carried away. But we haven't won anything yet. We're in the quarter-finals and we've won on penalties, which is something we haven't managed to do in the past.
(Image: FIFA via Getty)
“It's about having that belief. We know we've still got a long way to go.
“From moment one we had the belief to keep things simple, and now we have a great chance on Saturday. In football it can get boring saying this, but we have to take it step by step. We're a great group. We'll recover and get on to the game this weekend.”
Sterling had volunteered to take a penalty if it went to a shoot-out, but they were ­substituted late on so had to just watch the drama unfold.
But they insist that, despite millions of England fans hiding behind their sofas at home, ­Gareth Southgate has given this team a mental strength which can carry them all the way.
“That's what the gaffer's instilled in us, and some of the stuff we've been doing on the training pitch – the belief we have as a team,” said Sterling.
(Image: REUTERS)
“It's about repetition, doing it in training. We kept doing that and now it's paid off.
“Everyone's buzzing. From the moment we met up we all had ­belief and moments like this you have to take into your hands.
“We were unlucky it went to extra time but the gaffer told us from the get-go, before the tournament even started, there would be ­moments when things might not go our way and that we'd have to dig in. And that's exactly what we did.”
Sterling also overcame ­Colombia's attempts at dirty tricks.
As the players left the pitch at half-time Colombia coach Eduardo Urtasun barged into Sterling who said: “I just remember running in and someone stepped in front of me.
(Image: ITV SPORT)
“I just kinda looked back at him. But we knew their gameplan and what they were trying to do. We knew what would get thrown at us and that was kinda silly from him.
“We just keep going and black that out and focus on the ­football. They were a physical team. They were trying to do everything they could to get into our heads but we kept cool – and that's the most important thing.
“Before the tournament the manager gave us ­everything that could be thrown at us – every possibility from going behind to the opposition trying to get you yellow or red cards. I just tried to get on the ball as much as ­possible and to get behind them as well.
“I was just waiting for the ball to come across and ­hopefully to get my chance. But as long as the team keeps ­winning I'm more than happy.”
Having braved Colombia's rough-house tactics, Sterling ­insists England will be ready for Sweden.
They added: “I've watched pretty much every single game as I can — the other boys, as well. We've seen what they're like, how they play and we will take that in over the next couple of days.
“We have one system and they have theirs. It's been working well for them and we will ­prepare for the game and solely focus on that.”
Joseph Iorio was looking forward to showcasing their rare and collectible coins and banknotes.
The 68-year-old Vancouver, B.C. man flew here all the way from the west coast for a coin convention in Toronto. But, just seconds after checking in to the Monte Carlo Inn on Edwards Boulevard in Mississauga just after 1 p.m. on Sept. 26, Iorio returned to their car to find their two briefcases stolen.
Inside the two briefcases were about 800 pieces of collectibles valued at more than $1.3 million. They included coins dating back to 1858, old, rare banknotes in mint condition and gold nuggets.
“It happened so fast,” they said. “I was shocked, in total disbelief.”
Iorio, owner of J&M Coin & Jewellery Ltd., is offering a $200,000 reward for the return of their two brief cases, with all the collectibles in tact.
Iorio had parked their car in the Monte Carlo Inn parking lot and went to check in. They estimated that maybe a few minutes passed before they returned to their car to get their personal items when they realized the briefcases were gone.
What's even stranger, Iorio said, is that they locked the doors to the car. But, they added, the thief must have been close by and managed to keep the back door open before Iorio had a chance to automatically lock the doors from afar.
They reported the incident to Peel police.
Const. Bally Saini said investigators are reviewing surveillance video from the area but don't have a description of the thief.
Anyone with information can call police at 905-453-2121, ext. 1233 or Peel Crime Stoppers anonymously at 1-800-222-8477.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Dozens of mourners dressed in red Wales shirts packed the chapel at Memorial Woodlands, north of Bristol, today as friends and family gathered to say their final goodbyes to Ronnie Corbett.
Ronnie, 71, who was well loved in their community died after a crash on New Station Way near Fishponds Library on Tuesday, June 5.
They died five days later, on Sunday, June 10, at Southmead Hospital, with their family at their bedside.
(Image: family pictures)
The fact Ronnie was well-loved was shown by the service today (July 4), which was standing-room only. Mourners entered to the sound of a male voice choir singing the Green, Green Grass of Home.
During the service, which was a celebration of Ronnie's life, family and friends said farewell to the larger-than-life man whose laughter, kindness and friendship touched all those who knew him.
Their daughter Shelley shared fond memories of their father and described how they had fought to the last. They paid tribute to their dads' spirit with a reading of the poem Do Not go Gentle into that Good Night by Dylan Thomas. Many of those gathered were moved to tears.
(Image: BristolLive)
Ronnie's friends Mike and Donna also shared memories, their drinking buddy Mike recalled: “Within five minutes of their company you'd be laughing and smiling.”
Mike then read a moving poem they had composed for their friend and paid tribute to Ronnie's infectious charisma and warm friendship, saying: “Ronnie it was a pleasure knowing you, you brightened all our lives”.
Both Ronnie's daughters paid tribute to the excellent care they received at Southmead Hospital and praised the dedication of staff who looked after him.
Their daughter Amanda recalled how the family had re-created a party atmosphere in Ronnie's hospital room.
“We couldn't take dad to the pub in their final hours but we brought the pub to him, so we brought the pub to him,” they said.
“We drank prosecco out of warm glasses.”
(Image: BristolLive)
Their daughter Shelly said: “His last drink was Fosters, which we smuggled into the hospital.”
Their daughters played Ronnie their favourite music in their hospital room.
(Image: BristolLive)
Amanda said they passed away to the sound of Can't Take My Eyes Off of You by Andy Williams, which had been played at the funeral of their wife Pauline, who passed away in 2013.
“Part way through they took their final breath – they knew it was time to join her,” they said.
Ronnie's grandchildren Liam, Kyle and Ellie paid tribute to their grandpa, affectionately known as “Adda”, describing them as “kind, loving, a great artist, courageous, Welsh – everything you could have wanted in a grandad.
“We wish he'd stayed a little longer, he'll surely be missed,” they said.
As We'll Meet Again played, loved ones bowed their heads, reflecting on the life of a man who meant so much to so many.
(Image: BristolLive)
At the end of the service the coffin, adorned with a Welsh flag and one of Ron's trademark hats, was carried out to the waiting hearse.
Members of the service followed it out to and sent Ronnie on their way with a final cry of “One for Ronnie: Oggy Oggy Oggy, Oi Oi Oi.”
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
In tonight's Emmerdale, Ross Barton finally faces their acid attacker in court.
Ross has remained in the dark over the identity of the man that threw acid on their face, but they come to a shocking realisation.
The innocent victim enters the dock and comes face-to-face with Simon, but will they recognise them as Holly's old drug dealer and Debbie's angry customer at the garage?
Ross' hopes for justice are given a major blow when the judge reveals that a key witness for the prosecution has died.
The witness statement is read out, but Ross fears the whole case will fall apart due to the lack of evidence.
(Image: ITV)
(Image: TV pic)
They nervously wait in the viewing gallery with Pete, Faith and Cain, who fears their daughter's involvement in the attack will be revealed.
Will Ross get justice and see their attacker sent down?
Meanwhile, Graham Foster has an interesting proposition for Megan Macey.
(Image: ITV)
Will they agree to go into business with Joe Tate and Graham?
Elsewhere, Jimmy King is left-red faced after their problems in the bedroom are exposed.
Will Rodney's young girlfriend Misty be able to sort out theirs issues.
*Emmerdale airs tonight on ITV at 7pm
Inquests are due to be opened today into the deaths of three schoolboys and two men killed during a crash in Leeds.
Brothers Ellis Thornton-Kimmitt, 12, and Elliott Thornton-Kimmitt, 14, died after the stolen car they were travelling in crashed in Stonegate Road, Meanwood, on November 25.
Fifteen-year-old Darnell Harte was also killed in the collision alongside Robbie Meerun and Anthoney Armour, both 24.
Two other survived the crash, including a 15-year-old boy who has been charged with five offences of causing death by dangerous driving.
Senior coroner David Hinchliff will open the inquests at Wakefield Coroner's Court this morning.
Freeman is the only student artist in residence
Bella Rios
The Santa Clara
February 1, 2018
Trashy is the new classy, according to senior Ciaran Freeman.
As a student artist, Freeman spent the last five months working at the Artist in Residence Program at Recology San Francisco, a company dedicated to landfill diversion and sustainability.
They were the only student artist of the residency, which concluded with a solo exhibition last weekend and this Tuesday based on their creations primarily made with items found in the dump.
“I find (art) more fulfilling (than other subjects) because that was all me, that was my creation,” Freeman said.
Freeman's fascination with art was encouraged by their teachers in high school. For Freeman, art is challenging and personally satisfying.
“I like art because there's no answer that you can look up in a book,” Freeman said. “I feel with a lot of other subjects if you just do the reading, then you can pass the test.” said Freeman. “With art you have to make the answers yourself. The answers are there, you just have to find them.”
Freeman recognizes people's tendency to idealize art as an activity for leisure.
The process of art-making, according to Freeman, is time-consuming and arduous.
“Try sitting behind that easel for six hours straight with the paint fumes and it's still not working and tell me how relaxed you are,” Freeman chuckled. “I think it can be stressful.”
Freeman explained that not only does the piece need to be exceptional, presentation of the work matters.
This includes photographing pieces, creating a portfolio and explaining your piece to others.
Inspired by their experience working with their father's small construction company, Freeman's exhibit, “Lineal,” focuses on their identity as the son of an Irish-American immigrant. Their pieces explore Irish diaspora, class, labor, masculinity and gender through sculptures, collages and paintings.
Aligned with their focus on manual labor, Freeman integrated blueprint paper, steel and other construction materials from the dump to craft their pieces.
Though conscious of environmental sustainability, Freeman explains that the residency offered them access to materials for a subject matter they were already invested in.
“I wasn't necessarily looking at making art that's environmentally focused or political. I'm not making art about trash. I'm making art that I would've been making earlier. The residency) offers me materials that related to my subject matter,” Freeman said.
Last winter break, Freeman led an immersion trip to Guayaquil, Ecuador, through the Ignatian Center.
There they listened to the stories of marginalized persons, an experience they found to be transformative.
During the trip, Freeman crafted minimalist collages as a daily reflective practice.
Through this routine, Freeman said they felt in tune with their spirituality.
Their minimalist collages inspired Freeman to integrate abstraction and lines into their body of work.
Freeman explains that Irish diaspora relates to the cyclical rather than a linear way of thinking.
Their art career is impressive thus far.
 They are a former Jean Donovan fellow to the Commonwealth Magazine, a contributing artist to the Children's Discovery in San Jose and the founder and president of Santa Clara's Student Art League.
Despite their successes, Freeman has faced criticism as a student artist. They share that some people dismiss their passion as impractical or self-indulging.
“There are so many times where people ask why (I) study art. There's no job in that, it's a foolish thing or even some sort of self-guilt. Are you even helping the world? Are you doing something that's important?” Freeman said.
Freeman shares that they pursue art because it is integral to their identity. They admit that they appreciate affirmation of their work.
“It's not a choice, it's what (I) have to do. That's really what I want to be told, to keep doing this because this is who (I) am and what (I) have to be doing, ” Freeman said.
After graduation, Freeman plans to further their art career at the graduate level.
Their plans for the upcoming year are unclear but Freeman remains optimistic. They plan to use the body of work from “Lineal” to apply to graduate school.
Contact Bella Rios at irios@scu.edu or call (408) 554-4852.
Peterborough Lions gave their English Clubs Championship promotion hopes a massive shot in the arm at Bretton this afternoon (February 3).
They were at home at Solstice Park to Newport, their biggest rivals for the promotion play-off place in the Midlands Premiership behind runaway leaders Birmingham, and they ran out 22-3 winners.
Niko Moa scores the first Lions try. Picture: Mick Sutterby
It was, as expected, a tough game and there was nothing to choose between the two teams for 70 minutes.
But in the closing stages the Lions eventually managed to find a way through what had up until then been a stubborn, brick wall of a Newport defence to score three tries in the final 10 minutes.
Tongan hooker Niko Moa crashed over for the first from close range after Vaha Halaifanua had won a lineout five metres out, skipper Chris Humphrey snatched the next, also from short range, after a great counter-attack down the touchline by prop Tom Jones, and then right on the final whistle Tom Gulland weaved their way through the Newport defence from 25 yards out to touch down. Nico Defeo added two conversions to go with a penalty he'd kicked in the first half.
It was 3-3 at half-time and looked like staying that way as defences ruled the roost.
Tom Gulland runs in for the third Lions try. Picture: Mick Sutterby
But the Lions, so determined to avenge a 41-21 defeat they suffered at Newport in October, never stopped battering away and persistence paid off in the end.
“We did to them what they did to us at their place - hit ‘em hard at the end,” said delighted Lions chairperson Andy Moore.
“We knew exactly what to expect - a really tough game against a big, strong side and we were the strongest side today.
“It was our best performance of the season and if we can keep playing like that then second place shouldn't be a problem.”
The Lions achieved victory despite being without several players through injury and unavailability.
Jack Lewis, Tom Lewis, Josh Waller, Semisi Sitanislei Tei, Alex Iannou and Pete Kolakowski all missed out and the Lions were forced to include two loanees from Ampthill - Kieran O'Connor and Joshua White - and new signing Ashley Hill from Stamford.
The Lions are still three points behind Birmingham but have moved 15 points clear of third-placed Newport.
Peterborough Lions: Ben Howard, Niko Moa, Tom Jones, Sam Crooks, Marius Andrijauskas, Chris Humphrey, Conor Gracey, Vaha Halaifanua, Tom Dougherty, Nico Defeo, Kaz Henderson, Jon Hill, Rory White, Kieran O'Connor, Dan Malem. Subs sued: Tom Gulland, Joshua White, Ashley Hill.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Bristol Rugby fell to a second successive defeat in the British and Irish Cup, as Leinster ‘A' withstood a late fightback to take the spoils in a high-scoring affair at Ashton Gate.
Tom Varndell, Mat Protheroe and debutant Sam Graham crossed for the hosts inside the opening half hour, but Pat Lam's men found themselves behind at the break as Gavin Mullin grabbed the first of their brace, and Max Deegan and Bryan Byrne crossed in quick succession to give the Irish side a 27-20 half-time lead.
Mullins' second and a 47th-minute score from Ian Nagle saw Leinster surge further ahead after the break, before Peadar Timmins dealt the knockout blow 12 minutes from time.
Bristol rallied in the closing stages and narrowed the gap with tries from Jack Tovey and Rhodri Williams, after Leinster scrum half Charlie Rock was sent to the sin bin.
Cathal Marsh replaced Rock on the naughty step as time ticked away, but the hosts were unable to capitalise again and had to make do with just the try bonus-point from an action-packed night.
On a freezing cold night in BS3, it was Leinster who took an early lead as Cathal Marsh fired over two penalties inside the first five minutes.
Sam Graham capped an impressive competitive debut with their first try for the club, splintering off a driving Bristol maul to touch down on 11 minutes, with Sheedy adding the extras.
The fly half repeated the feat just four minutes later, when Graham turned provider to send Tom Varndell in at the left-hand corner, after Lemi's surging break had Leinster on the retreat.
But the visitors soon regained the lead with two tries in three minutes, as Gavin Mullin and Max Deegan went over to open up a six-point lead on the half-hour mark.
Bristol's response was immediate, with Tovey's soft hands locating a speeding Mat Protheroe to race in untouched.
Sheedy's conversion edged Bristol in front, but that wasn't the end of the first-half scoring, as Bryan Byrne crashed over on the stroke of half time to give Leinster a six-point lead at the interval.
They wasted little time in extending their advantage when play restarted, with another quick-fire double – from Mullin and Nagle – giving Noel McNamara's side some breathing space.
Charlie Rock saw yellow for an infringement at the breakdown, but it didn't halt the Leinster charge, as Peadar Timmins rounded off another long-range effort to all but seal the win.
Billy Searle sent Jack Tovey over two minutes from time before finding Rhodri Williams with a pinpoint kick, as the hosts reduced the deficit late on – but they were unable to capitalise on Cathal Marsh's late sin-binning, as Leinster held on for a bonus-point win.
Bristol Rugby: Mat Protheroe; David Lemi, Alapati Leiua, Siale Piutau (c), Tom Varndell; Callum Sheedy, Andy Uren; Ryan Bevington, Nick Fenton-Wells, Sione Faletau, Giorgi Nemsadze, Joe Batley, Sam Graham, Olly Robinson, Jack Lam.
Replacements: Ben Gompels, Jack Cosgrove, Ollie Dawe, Joe Joyce, Rhodri Williams, Billy Searle, Jack Tovey.
Leinster A: Ciarán Frawley, Jack Kelly, Gavin Mullin, Conor O'Brien, Tommy O'Brien, Cathal Marsh, Charlie Rock; Peter Dooley, Bryan Byrne (c), Vakh Abdaladze, Josh Murphy, Ian Nagle, Peadar Timmins, Will Connors, Max Deegan.
Replacements: Ronan Kelleher, Ed Byrne, Cormac Daly, Caelan Doris, Hugh O'Sullivan, Ian Fitzpatrick, Hugo Keenan.
EUFAULA, Ala. — Alabama is known for its unusual memorials and statues, and the city of Eufaula is adding to the list with a monument to a fish.
Officials in the lakeside town on the Georgia border have unveiled a 12-foot-tall replica of a largemouth bass to celebrate its claim as the "Big Bass Capital of the World."
Bass fishing draws thousands of people to Lake Eufaula each year, and the state tourism agency awarded a grant to construct the monument. It was unveiled Tuesday.
The agency also funded a marker celebrating the late Tom Mann, who helped get Eufaula on the fishing map with their lure company.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
North Korea is set to test-fire a new "high range" missile capable of hitting the US mainland, a Russian lawmaker claims.
Anton Morozov revealed Pyongyang's plans as they returned from a five-day visit to the hermit state - where the mood is "rather belligerent" - with a Russian delegation.
They claim North Korean officials gave the Russians mathematical calculations showing that the intercontinental ballistic missile could reach targets on the US west coast.
It comes just days after a CIA official revealed that Kim Jong-un's regime could launch a new missile or carry out another nuclear test next week.
(Image: AFP)
Morozov told the Russian state-run news agency RIA Novosti: "They are preparing for a new test of a longer-range missile.
"They even gave us mathematical calculations that they believe prove that their missile can hit the western coast of the United States."
They described the mood in Pyongyang as "rather belligerent", adding: "In the near future, they are going to carry out, as far as we understand, yet another launch of a missile, but this time with a longer range."
They were part of a Russian delegation which made an official visit to Pyongyang this week to discuss bilateral cooperation with the Russian ambassador to North Korea, the English-language state-run Sputnik news agency reported.
(Image: Barcroft Media)
Morozov, a member of the Russian State Duma Committee on International Affairs, has called for a prompt intervention in the situation on the Korean peninsula to avoid a new war.
Earlier this week, Yong Suk Lee, the deputy assistant director of the CIA's Korea Mission Center, revealed that North Korea's latest provocation could come on Tuesday when it celebrates the founding of the Workers' Party of Korea.
Many past nuclear or missile tests have coincided with mass public celebrations.
A test would coincide with Japan's lower house election campaigns and the Columbus Day holiday in the US. Given the time difference, it would be Monday in the US if a missile or nuclear test occurs in Pyongyang on Tuesday morning.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
(Image: REUTERS)
Despite UN sanctions, North Korea has recently test-fired two missiles over northern Japan, with both crashing into the Pacific Ocean.
A new report by the website 38 North, which monitors Pyongyang's activities, has suggested that a North Korean nuclear attack on Seoul and Tokyo could kill more than two million people and injure nearly eight million others.
North Korea's state-run news agency, KCNA, reported on Friday that the country's National Peace Committee (NPC) has called on the US to pull its troops out of South Korea.
US forces have been stationed in the South since the Korean War.
(Image: AFP)
The committee said the 64-year-old South Korea-US Status of Forces Agreement (SOFA) was an "aggressive and traitorous war document" allowing the US to control the South's army, South Korea's state-run Yonhap News Agency reported.
The NPC said the agreement is a symbol of "US military occupation" and it has "reduced South Korea into advanced base for a nuclear war".
It added that South Koreans cannot evade a nuclear war as long as US troops are based in their country.
The North and South are technically still at war, as the conflict in the 1960s ended with an armistice and no peace treaty has ever been signed.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Meanwhile, the 2017 Nobel Peace Prize was awarded on Friday to the International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons (ICAN), which is seeking a ban on nuclear arms.
Berit Reiss-Andersen, the leader of the Norwegian Nobel Committee, said: "We live in a world where the risk of nuclear weapons being used is greater than it has been for a long time.
"Some states are modernising their nuclear arsenals, and there is a real danger that more countries will try to procure nuclear weapons, as exemplified by North Korea."
Beatrice Fihn, the executive director of ICAN, a coalition of grassroots non-government groups, said in response to rising tensions on the Korean peninsula and the war of words between Kim and US President Donald Trump: "Nuclear weapons are illegal. Threatening to use nuclear weapons is illegal.
"Having nuclear weapons, possessing nuclear weapons, developing nuclear weapons, is illegal, and they need to stop."
Neymar reveals the one huge condition to join Real Madrid, Manchester United and Chelsea want Jordi Alba and more: Transfer round-up, May 30, 2018
Real Madrid may have to make huge sacrifices if they are to land Neymar this summer. Will Madrid listen to Neymar's astonishing demand?
Sumedh Pande FEATURED WRITER News 30 May 2018, 20:30 IST 11.12K Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Will these two be teammates next season? Or will Neymar have their way?
Hello people! Welcome to Sportskeeda's latest transfer news and rumours roundup. With the focus now shifting to the World Cup, top clubs have begun their work on the transfer front.
And as always, there are stories which will have huge repercussions on the transfer market. After scorching through papers and sources from all over Europe, we have managed to find transfer stories that made headlines on May 30, 2018:
La Liga
Neymar reveals the one condition to join Real Madrid
It has become pretty clear that Real Madrid are set to go all guns blazing to sign Neymar this summer. The Brazilian superstar is also keen on a return to Spain but has a huge demand up their sleeve before they decide to shift loyalties.
According to Don Balon, Neymar has told club chief Florentino Perez that for them to play for Real Madrid, the club will need to sell Cristiano Ronaldo. Neymar does not want a clash of egos at the club and wants to be the sole big attraction at the club.
Neymar left FC Barcelona for the same reason and does not what history to repeat itself at Real Madrid. Perez now has a tough choice to make; appease Neymar or offload Cristiano Ronaldo, the greatest modern player in the club's history.
Real Madrid ready to activate Jose Gimenez's release clause
Zinedine Zidane has identified Jose Gimenez of Atletico Madrid as the central defender to target this summer. Marca has reported that Real Madrid have been monitoring Gimenez since 2015 and may finally make a move for the Uruguayan this time around.
Gimenez has not featured prominently for Atletico this season and is linked with a move away from Wanda Metropolitana. They have a €60 million release clause which is set to be activated by Real Madrid.
Jonathan Stewart may have gotten all the numbers and highlights, but the Carolina Panthers would not have beaten the Minnesota Vikings yesterday without a tremendous performance from their defensive line.
Kawann Short came through with two crucial sacks in crunch time, Julius Peppers collected two tackles for a loss, and even Kyle Love managed to land two hits on Case Keenum. They were all out-shined by Mario Addison though, at least according to Pro Football Focus.
Addison finished the game with three tackles and one sack, but they had many more pressures that affected Keenum's performance.
PFF wound up giving Addison the highest overall grade of the day (92.5) and the game ball. Here's what they had to say about Addison's big day.
Addison had themselves their most productive day of a productive pass-rushing season, picking up a sack, two hits and five hurries. They had most of their success against Riley Reiff, but Jeremiah Sirles was exposed by their speed. . .
Peppers (83.4) and safety Kurt Coleman (81.7) rounded out the top-three highest graded Panthers for this week.
You can find PFF's full game recap here.
"The one question that would always bother me is: is there anything we're missing?" they said.
"You're looking for the holes. When you're dealing with this technology and you get into the deep, dark web, how much of it is encrypted, how much of it is inaccessible, how much of it is beyond technical capacity to crack into."
But there are thorny ethical issues at the heart of that discussion, the minister cautioned.
Goodale cited the recent controversy that has placed Facebook at the heart of a major scandal over the inappropriate use of its data in the United Kingdom's Brexit campaign and Donald Trump's successful U.S. presidential bid.
"The latest controversy about Facebook actually puts this whole set of issues in stark relief," they said.
"On one side, everyone is agreed that we need to collaborate and fight hard to combat child pornography, human trafficking, political interference and terrorist content on the web.
On the other hand, they said the recent Facebook controversy placed privacy concerns front and centre.
The ministers also discussed how to guard against ongoing domestic threats. Though nothing has emerged so far to link Monday's events in Toronto to extremism, the use of a vehicle as a weapon against pedestrians is something that Goodale's British, French, American and German counterparts are all too familiar with.
Goodale reiterated that no motive for Monday's van attack has been found to link it to a national security threat, but they said the Toronto police investigation remains in its early stages.
"We've witnessed brutal terror attacks on our own home soil, and attacks on our democracies through foreign interference during elections," Goodale told their fellow ministers Tuesday.
"These tests to our collective security demand our constant collaboration through the G7."
By Mike Blanchfield, The Canadian Press
NATIONAL
South and North Korea kicked off working-level talks Tuesday to discuss a South Korean art troupe's planned performance in Pyongyang in early April.
Officials from both sides started the meeting at around 10 a.m. at the Tongilgak administrative building on the northern side of the Demilitarized Zone that bisects the two Koreas, according to Seoul's unification ministry.
South Korea agreed to send an art troupe and a taekwondo demonstration team to Pyongyang when South Korean special envoys met with North Korean leader Kim Jong-un in early March.
The move reciprocates North Korea's dispatch of musicians and traditional Korean martial art demonstrators on the occasion of the PyeongChang Winter Olympics last month.
Yun Sang (C), South Korea`s chief delegate for inter-Korean working-level talks on a South Korean art troupe`s proposed concert in Pyongyang, speaks to reporters on March 20, before leaving for the border village of Panmunjom for a meeting. (Yonhap)
Yun Sang, a popular singer and composer who has been tapped as the music director for Seoul's art troupe, is South Korea's chief delegate for Tuesday's talks."The talks are the first inter-Korean official consultation over the South's art troupe. I think that a list of music is likely to be mainly discussed during the meeting," Yun Sang told reporters before heading to the truce village of Panmunjom.Hyon Song-wol, head of the all-female Moranbong Band, represents the North's delegation. They crossed the inter-Korean border last month as the leader of a North Korean art troupe for performances in South Korea.The Ministry of Unification said that Yun Sang, 50, is deemed suitable as director of Seoul's art group, given their experience in dealing with diverse genres and the short period of preparations for a Pyongyang concert.It said that in selecting the head of the art troupe, the government highly valued a person who is well-versed in the musical tastes of different generations.It marks the first time that a South Korean entertainer will represent the South's delegation for inter-Korean talks.Seoul's culture ministry said that an art group is expected to be joined by various musicians for a concert that will be centered on South Korean pop music.In 1985, South Korean musicians held their first concert in Pyongyang as part of cultural inter-Korean exchanges. In the 2000s, various Korean pop singers, including Cho Yong-pil, regarded as a contemporary Korean pop legend, and idol groups, performed in the North's capital. (Yonhap)
Do you remember counting down the days until your birthday when you were a kid?
One Rochester boy, who turned eight years old last Saturday, knows how that feels.
"Jayden has always wanted to be a police officer," said Jayden's mom, Crystal Heim.
Jayden loves police officers. In fact, they love them so much that they decided to make them the theme of their birthday party.
"You get a cool vehicle - you get a suit and a badge," said Jayden, when asked why they want to be a police officer.
Artifacts from Saturday's celebration still fill the Heim household in Rochester near Silver Lake Park. When you walk into their home you will see blue and yellow streamers, a blue balloon, and party favors like stickers, temporary tattoos, and plastic silver police badges. However, Jayden took the party planning one step further by inviting all of the officers at the Rochester Police Department to their birthday celebration.
Last week, Jayden and their mom, Crystal, took apples, oranges, and donuts to Rochester's police station. In addition, Jayden made a crayon-written card inviting law enforcement officers to their birthday party. The letter said, "To the heroes of our streets: We know you're on duty that day and always busy saving the day, but we had just a thought if you could handle making one quick stop. My birthday is special and so are you. So stop by for a piece of cake or two. Jayden Heim."
Crystal Heim told Jayden not to get their hopes up if no officers came to celebrate. "They're very busy." But while Jayden was opening their presents on their parent's couch, a surprise was walking up the Heim's walkway. It was a surprise that meant more than any store bought gift: a police officer, there to celebrate Jayden's 8th birthday.
"The first officer came up and said, "We were gonna have the whole fleet come up at once but we got busy," and three more officers showed up," said Crystal.
Sgt. Josh Thompson and Sgt. Leslie Kenyon were two of the five officers who would wish Jayden a happy birthday. "He came out the front door [with a] huge smile on their face and was just thrilled to have us there attending their party in their police shirt," said Sgt. Josh Thompson.
"He was just in heaven," said Crystal. "Jayden just wanted them to know that they appreciate them and cares for them quite a bit."
When Jayden saw the officers in the front yard, they ran out, shook their hands, and welcomed them inside. "I felt happy and grateful that a whole group of them could stop by," said Jayden.
They brought Jayden a birthday card that had a handful of officers hand-written birthday wishes inside. They even had stickers in the shape of a police badge that read 'Rochester Police.'
As a mom, Crystal was overcome with happiness. "I can't thank them enough for that, it made my day. I mean, it's for him. You know, they love them."
The celebration was also a much-appreciated change of pace for the men and women in blue. "It's nice to be looked up to, and it's nice to be a role model to them and help the youth of our community and the citizens of our future," said Sgt. Leslie Kenyon.
Sgt. Kenyon went on to say that it was nice to see positivity. They said that so often [officers] are on the other side of that - seeing negative things and seeing people at the worst time of their lives. But for Jayden, this was probably the best time of their life so far.
Next up for Jayden is a visit to the Rochester police station. They said another reason they want to serve and protect is so that they can be inside the police station everyday. They hope to get a tour of the facility in the near future.
Illinois Gubernatorial Candidates Carry Political Baggage In Illinois, two very rich men vying for their parties' gubernatorial nominations are dominating the conversation, and it's not necessarily to their benefit.
WATERLOO REGION — You may see some banged-up vehicles on display across the region this weekend.
They are part of the Waterloo Regional Police road safety campaign. Operation Impact is a national road safety campaign and local police have created four different public displays of vehicles that have been involved in serious collisions.
The displays will be outside the Kitchener Memorial Auditorium, Cambridge Centre mall, Wilfrid Laurier University and the St. Jacobs Farmers Market.
They will also provide important information about the leading causes of deadly crashes.
Narendra Modi's Smart Cities program used just 1.8% of the funds released to it, the committee said, or just $28 million of a dedicated $1.5 billion. Photo: Reuters
New Delhi: India's flagship government initiatives have barely spent any of the money allocated to them, a parliamentary committee has reported, raising questions about the on-the-ground implementation of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's most high profile national programs.
Although the government insists the figures are wrong, a report from the parliamentary standing committee on urban development said Modi's six top infrastructure initiatives spent on average just 21%, or $1.2 billion, of the $5.6 billion allocated.
India's “Smart Cities” program, which Modi has championed, used just 1.8% of the funds released to it, the committee said, or just $28 million of a dedicated $1.5 billion. Other programs to build affordable housing, as well as sewage and drainage facilities, used less than 30% of the available funds, the report said.
The central government releases funds to states to roll out the initiatives, but the committee said the ministry of housing and urban affairs had “not made realistic projections or proper planning.” Despite the ambitious-sounding goals of some of the programs—such as providing “housing for all,” or ending “open defecation” across India—they suffer from a lack of proper funding, as well as “slack implementation,” the committee said.
“They're coming up with all these grand schemes,” Pinaki Misra, an opposition lawmaker from a regional party and chair of the standing committee, said in an interview. “Too much has been promised, by way of too many projects, with too many fancy acronyms, that haven't really been thought through.”
Official spending
The government rejects that view. The small spending amounts in the report don't accurately reflect construction work being done, said Rajeev Jain, a spokesperson for the housing and urban affairs ministry.
Funds are only considered officially spent once all the work is completed and project managers have sent back “utilization certificates” proving they have spent the cash, Jain said, adding project managers have up to two years to do so, leading to delays.
“It's not a barometer of the implementation of the project,” Jain said. “The payment to a company that is implementing a project is only made when the work is completely over.”
So far, $3.7 billion worth of projects have been “completed or started,” Jain said.
‘Meagre funds'
Misra, who leads the urban affairs standing committee, said the ministry was “trotting out the usual excuses” by blaming bureaucratic delays in accounting for spent funds.
“It's an age-old gambit when the center doesn't want to release funds because they don't have funds,” they said.
The parliamentary report warns that Modi's “well-meaning” projects “will remain a distant dream” if they receive only “meagre” funds.
In India, where the central government must cooperate with the states, “national transformative projects” such as Modi's smart cities and Clean India initiatives will take time to implement, said Jaijit Bhattacharya, a consultant and adjunct professor at the Indian Institute of Technology Delhi.
The smart cities program involved a competition supported by Bloomberg Philanthropies, which was started by Michael R. Bloomberg, founder of Bloomberg News parent Bloomberg LP.
“One cannot pass a diktat forcing people to use toilets. It has to be through persuasion, and that takes time,” Bhattacharya said. “However, it is also important that the government machinery actually implements the projects in an honest manner. It is too early to note whether the projects are getting implemented appropriately.” Bloomberg
The 30-Years Bubble—Why America Ain't That Rich by David Stockman – Contra Corner
The entire financial and economic narrative in today's Bubble Finance world is virtually context- and history-free; it's all about the short-term deltas and therefore exceedingly misleading and dangerous.
So when a big trend or condition is negative and unsustainable, you generally can't even get a glimpse of it from the so-called “high-frequency” weekly, monthly and even quarterly data on which the financial press and its casino patrons thrive. And that's not merely because most of the data from the government statistical mills is heavily massaged and modeled and often revised beyond recognition over 3-5 year intervals of revision.
Beyond that, however, even medium term trends get largely ignored. That's because the purpose of economic and financial data today is to facilitate daily (and hourly) trading in the casino—not inform long-term investors about underlying trends, conditions and prospects.
The investor class of yore, in fact, has largely been destroyed by the 30-years of monetary central planning and the Wall Street deformations it has fostered—-meaning that, increasingly, headline reading algo-traders and trend-following speculators are the main consumers of the “incoming data”.
For instance, scratch a talking head today and you get the “strong economy” meme as purportedly reflected in two back-to-back quarters of 3% real GDP growth. Yet there is absolutely nothing “strong” about the picture below or compelling about the last two quarters.
After all, during Q2 and Q3 2014 there were back-to-back growth quarters of 4.6% and 5.2%, respectively. But that didn't last long—-nor did the 3.1% and 4.0% growth rates of Q3 and Q4 of 2013 or the three-quarter average of 3.0% in Q2-Q4 of 2010.
All of those “strong” quarters seem to have disappeared from the groupthink narrative, as well as the punk quarters strewn in-between. In part, that's because most of them were reportedly far lower or higher at the time, meaning that the underlying trend has simply disappeared from the high-frequency narrative about good deltas and excuses for ones which are not.
Still, the heart of the problem is the foolishness of annualizing 90 days worth of preliminary data with seasonal adjustment factors that are rarely up to the task.
Moreover, the large aggregates like GDP are inherently buffeted by short-term shocks ( e.g. severe hurricanes not embedded in the seasonals), inventory stocking and destocking mini-cycles and the ebb and flow of global trade, exchange rates and credit impulses. These, in turn, reflect the machinations of what has now become a worldwide convoy of hyper-interventionist Keynesian central banks.
Even modest adjustments to deal with some of these disabilities give a starkly different picture. For example, consider what happens when you remove the inventory contribution to quarterly GDP—-which washes to essentially zero over time—and also set aside the highly volatile impact of net import/export trade which has averaged a -0.28% contribution to GDP growth over the last 11 quarters.
loading...
Sharing is caring!
ROME (AP) - The Italian news agency ANSA says a Spanish non-governmental organization's migrant rescue ship has been sequestered in Sicily by prosecutors' orders.
The seizure took place Sunday in Pozzallo port, where a day earlier the Proactiva Open Arms' vessel brought 216 migrants it had rescued last week in the Mediterranean north of Libya.
ANSA says Catania Prosecutor Carmelo Zuccaro is investigating three people for suspected criminal association for illegal immigration, including the commander of the boat.
Officials of the NGO couldn't immediately be reached for comment. ANSA quoted lawyer Rosa Emanuela Lo Faro, representing the commander, as saying "I guess they've instituted the crime of solidarity."
The NGO has said a Libyan coast guard vessel threatened to shoot its rescue dinghies if they didn't offload the migrants rescued in international waters.
Copyright 2017 NPR. To see more, visit http://www.npr.org/.
AUDIE CORNISH, HOST:
A jury has ruled in favor of pop superstar Taylor Swift in a high-profile case in Denver. A radio DJ sued Taylor Swift, their mother and their manager for falsely accusing them of assault and getting them fired from their job. Swift countersued for a dollar, saying the DJ put their hand up their skirt and groped them during a photo op. The case got attention from advocates of survivors of sexual assault, who are praising Swift's frank and unapologetic stand. A language warning here for listeners as we recount some of that testimony.
NPR's Leila Fadel is outside the court and joins us now from Denver. And, Leila, this seems like a pretty quick verdict from this jury. Remind us the details of this case.
LEILA FADEL, BYLINE: Well, David Mueller, a radio disc jockey here in Denver, was suing Taylor Swift, their mother and their manager for radio, Frank Bell, saying that they were falsely accused of groping Swift, and they lost their job over that. Taylor Swift was dismissed from the case as a defendant on Friday. The judge said there was insufficient evidence that they acted improperly when making that accusation.
So today they lost their case with defendants being their mother and their manager. They were suing for $2.98 million in damages. Meanwhile, the countersuit by Taylor Swift in which they sued Mueller for just $1 for assault and battery, the jury found that they were in fact assaulted and they suffered battery. And they got that $1.
CORNISH: Now, Taylor Swift did take the stand last week. Them testimony was widely recounted in the press. Talk about what they had to say and why it resonated.
FADEL: Yeah, you know, their cross-examination really got the attention of advocates for survivors of sexual assault. And they said that it got their attention because they were unapologetic. They were consistent. And they really refused to be shamed, even at one point looking at the lawyer and said, I'm going to - I refuse to make this about me, that this is not my fault.
You know, they had some pretty strong language during their cross-examination. When it was suggested that Mueller might have touched them somewhere else unintentionally by their lawyer, they said, no, they did not touch my rib. They did not touch my hand. They touched my bare ass. Now, that's a direct quote. And they used that word several times in court.
In another instance, Mueller's lawyer asked why they aren't critical of their bodyguard for not keeping Mueller away from them And their answer again was, I'm critical of your client for sticking their hand up my skirt. And that is what advocates looked at, saying they were really refusing to be shamed in court where victims, they say, are often retraumatized.
CORNISH: At the same time, I know that the DJ suing Taylor Swift, the defense, talked about them not reporting this to police.
FADEL: You know, two-thirds of sexual assaults are not reported to police according to the National Sexual Violence Resource Center. And this was kept quiet. This happened in 2013. A 51-year-old man allegedly groped them under their skirt when they were 23. And they were quietly fired. And that's why they sued. This came into the limelight because David Mueller sued. And their mother on the stand last week cried about that. They said that they had wanted to not revictimize their daughter.
And that is also a mainstay of the case and what the lawyer said who is representing Taylor Swift, saying that they were being revictimized. And just now after the verdict, they said that today something good happened, that the dollar that they countersued for was symbolic of all victims who have not been able to speak out.
CORNISH: That's NPR's Leila Fadel reporting on the case from Denver. Leila, thank you.
FADEL: Thank you. Transcript provided by NPR, Copyright NPR.
3 Shot, Including 2 Police Officers, In Dallas
Updated at 8:01 p.m. ET
Two police officers were shot and critically wounded Tuesday in Dallas, police said.
The shooter has not been captured, reported TV station WFAA. Police were searching in a wooded area behind the Home Depot where the shooting happened, according to the Dallas Morning News.
A civilian was also shot. Police said the person's condition was unknown.
The incident happened as the officers helped a security guard "responding to an incident" at the Home Depot, WFAA said. The TV station described both officers as "rookies in their 20s" and said one of them was shot in the back of the head.
A nearby stop on the regional DART train briefly closed because of police activity.
City officials, including Mayor Mike Rawlings, offered good wishes to the officers Tuesday evening.
This is a breaking news story. This post will be updated.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The brother of Florida mass shooter Nikolas Cruz has been arrested at the school where they killed seventeen staff and students.
Zachary Cruz, 18, was detained in the grounds of Marjory Stoneman Douglas high school in Parkland on Monday accused of trespassing.
According to a police report, Cruz was captured on CCTV skateboarding on school grounds despite repeat warnings to stay clear.
They "surpassed all locked doors and gates", the report says.
When approached by cops they said he'd come to the school because they wanted to "reflect on the shooting and soak it in".
It comes as more haunting 911 audio from the Florida school shooting was released by police.
(Image: Splash News)
(Image: Splash News)
(Image: Getty Images North America)
Zachary's brother Nikolas Cruz is facing the death penalty after being charged with seventeen counts of murder.
Horrific 911 recordings were recently released which revealed how the massacre unfolded.
One tearful student is heard telling an operator: "Someone got shot in the head and someone got shot in the stomach, and they came over .. they can't breath and there is blood coming out."
In another recording, the 911 operator asks a student "is anyone injured?"
The student responds" "Yes, a lot of blood, please help, please."
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: REUTERS)
Cruz, 19, appeared in court last week and chose to remain silent during a hearing in Broward County circuit court in Fort Lauderdale.
Judge Elizabeth Scherer entered a not-guilty plea on their behalf for 17 counts each of first-degree murder and attempted murder for the shooting spree at Marjorie Stoneman Douglas High School.
(Image: Splash News)
(Image: Splash News)
Cruz, wearing an orange jail jumpsuit and shackled at wrists and ankles, sat alone and kept their head bowed in what is normally the jury box while guarded by a dozen deputies.
Nine relatives of victims of the attack attended the hearing.
One was heard to say "son of a bitch" as Cruz was led from the courtroom.
(Image: Splash News)
(Image: Splash News)
State prosecutors said they would seek the death penalty for the massacre in which 17 students and staff were gunned down.
Florida Republican Governor Rick Scott has said they support the death penalty for Cruz.
(Image: REUTERS)
Scherer also instructed Cruz to fill out an application to determine if they can pay for their lawyers.
After a presentation on Cruz's finances by their lawyers, they said they had roughly $37,000 and scheduled an April 11 hearing to determine whether they were indigent.
(Image: Splash News)
(Image: Splash News)
Scherer also set April 27 for a hearing for attorneys to agree to a trial date.
Cruz's court appearance coincided with students spilling out of classrooms by the thousands waving signs and chanting slogans in a coast-to-coast protest against gun violence prompted by the Florida rampage.
One of the protests took place in Fort Lauderdale near the courthouse, in front of the county's public school offices.
(Image: AFP)
(Image: Getty Images North America)
About 275 students from a half dozen Broward County high schools, some of whom walked more than 15 miles (24 km), demanded an end to gun violence.
(Image: REUTERS)
(Image: AFP)
About 40 of the students staged a "die in," laying down on the sidewalk to protest gun violence in schools.
Others chanted, "End gun violence. No more silence."
"We have to be better," said Rangers captain Connor Bunnaman. "It's a rivalry game when we come to Owen Sound. It's definitely a hard rink to come to. They always give us a run for our money."
The Attack has underachieved this season but is turning things around now that its top forwards are healthy. The club has won four straight — and seven of its past eight — and is moving up the standings in the OHL's western conference.
One thing is clear, Owen Sound loves playing the Rangers.
"It's a great rivalry," said Attack assistant coach Alan Letang, whose team is 17 points back of the Rangers in the Midwest division. "They're the team we're chasing. They get jacked up to play the best."
Owen Sound went up 3-1 after the first period Saturday and Kitchener just never recovered.
A two-goal second period had the Rangers down 4-3 but a stale third, in which the squad mustered just six shots, did little to improve its chances.
Logan Brown kept up their hot hand by scoring and adding an assist. The Ottawa Senators prospect has 12 points in four games since joining the Rangers in a trade with the Windsor Spitfires.
Adam Mascherin and Givani Smith also scored for Kitchener. Maxim Sushko potted a pair for the home side while Kevin Hancock, Jonah Gadjovich, Cade Robinson and Brett McKenzie also scored.
The Rangers have seen an uptick in victories as the season has progressed with 10 wins in the first quarter, 11 in the second and 13 in the third. The team is second in the western conference with a record of 34-15-2-0 as it stares down the final 17-game stretch of the season.
McKee sees lots of work ahead.
"I think there are some good areas of our game but there is certainly room for a lot of improvement," they said. "I'd like to get healthy and we're not getting enough secondary scoring right now."
The Rangers return to action Tuesday when they host the Niagara IceDogs at the Aud at 7 p.m.
jbrown@therecord.com, Twitter: @BrownRecord
Officials are investigating the death of a young woman whose body was found on the side of the highway in Grafton Monday morning.
The woman, who was not identified, was discovered before 7 a.m. on the westbound side of the Massachusetts Turnpike near mike marker 99.4, according to the office of Worcester County District Attorney Joseph Early Jr.
That area is below the North Street overpass, Early's office said.
State Police around 6:45 a.m. closed the right lane of the highway to investigate. The lane reopened around 8 a.m.
The cause and manner of the woman's death will be determined by the Office of the Chief Medical Examiner.
No further information is being released, Early's office said.
One man is behind bars after they say they strangled their wife in their sleep. It all happened just before 1:30 a.m. Friday. GFPD was sent to a home after John Howendobler called dispatch, saying they choked their wife. When officers arrived they spoke with both Howendobler and their wife, who has not been identified. They said they were sitting on the bed as their husband slept. Howendobler suddenly woke up as if they had a bad dream and started choking her, saying they were going to cho...
One man is behind bars after they say they strangled their wife in their sleep. It all happened just before 1:30 a.m. Friday. GFPD was sent to a home after John Howendobler called dispatch, saying they choked their wife. When officers arrived they spoke with both Howendobler and their wife, who has not been identified. They said they were sitting on the bed as their husband slept. Howendobler suddenly woke up as if they had a bad dream and started choking her, saying they were going to cho...
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A mum has shared shocking pictures of their toddler's horrific burns after a jug of boiling water left them "bandaged like a mummy" and permanently scarred.
Little Eric Ward, now two, underwent emergency surgery to have skin on their face, back and torso removed after the tragic accident.
The devastating incident occurred on March 8 this year as a family member caring for Eric made up a bottle for the tot.
Mum Lucy Smillie, 23, says the relative moved to take away a glass bowl the tot had pulled from a drawer.
But as they removed that danger, Eric slipped behind them and grabbed out for pitcher on the table side - dousing themselves in its boiling contents.
(Image: Mercury Press and Media Ltd)
Lucy, who had been on a driving test at the time of the accident, claims the youngster endured searing pain and was put through weeks of torturous bandage changes that "changed their lives forever".
Eric now has to be lathered in cream four times a day and wear a pressure vest in a bid to flatten the scarring for two whole years.
The mum-of-one is determined to show that mistakes do happen - and raise awareness of what to do in such a nightmarish situation.
(Image: Mercury Press and Media Ltd)
(Image: Mercury Press and Media Ltd)
Lucy, from Uckfield, East Sussex, said: "I was on a driving lesson, and [the unnamed family member] was watching them while my fiance Adam and I weren't home.
"She was putting on a bottle of milk for him, and as they were putting it on they had opened up the bottom drawer and taken out a glass bowl.
"She put the jug on the side and then as they went to take the bowl away he's literally gone right behind her, seen the bottle, and just gone for it and pulled the boiling water all over himself.
"I got a phone call from Adam saying there had been an accident and I need to get back home. They had no idea how bad it was.
"My driving instructor drove me back, and I just saw an ambulance and helicopter. It was all really scary.
"I could hear Eric crying from outside the ambulance. It was a worse cry than normal.
"He looked red like they had been crying - they go very red anyway.
"It didn't look nice but it was nothing like how they looked when they came out of surgery later."
(Image: Mercury Press and Media Ltd)
Lucy says the family were blue-lighted to Tunbridge Wells hospital in Pembury, where they were then transferred to Chelsea and Westminster hospital to receive emergency treatment.
And after two hours of theatre, Lucy says they and Eric's dad Adam, also 23, were devastated at the sight of their little boy bandaged up "like a mummy".
Lucy, who works as a cleaner, said: "We were in absolute bits. It was just the worst thing in the world.
"He came back and they were wrapped up, they looked like a little mummy. I broke down. It was scary. You don't think something like that is going to happen.
"I think their face looked the worst, I couldn't see it ever getting any better, I thought they aren't ever going to get their normal face back. We didn't know to what extent the scarring was going to be.
"The doctors said the surgery went really well, and said we'd done everything we had to do.
"We all stayed in hospital for just over a week, but when we got sent home is when it started to get even harder."
(Image: Mercury Press and Media Ltd)
Lucy recalls weeks of trauma for the family, as they and carpenter Adam took it in turns to change their son's bandages three times as day, which made them scream in agony.
Lucy said: "In hospital the nurses would change their bandages, and that was hard enough as it was.
"But at home we had to do it ourselves.
"We had to put cream on their face and pull the scabs. Their face would be bleeding. It was absolutely heartbreaking.
"It was so hard to not cry in front of him. We just had to be strong. I don't know how we did it, we just had to do it together. It was a struggle for both of us.
"For the first few days they aren't really himself. They wouldn't speak, they were in complete shock. It was really hard and really hurtful to see.
"We had to keep them from being outside for two months because of the risk of infection, and he's a very big adventurer so that was hard."
(Image: Mercury Press and Media Ltd)
Relieved parents Lucy and Adam finally began to see an improvement in Eric's injuries and demeanour as the months went by.
Now, five months after the accident, and with Eric expected to have permanent scarring around their collar bone, Lucy says they are trying to reclaim normality.
But they say the emotional impact is still raw for the whole family, and particularly for the family member who was on watch when the incident occurred.
(Image: Mercury Press and Media Ltd)
Lucy said: "It was very bad for her, it still is now. They were trying to stop them from hurting themselves with something else, and that's the thing, it can happen to anyone.
"I would like people to see that it can happen to anybody. You don't think until after it's happened.
"But you can't go through life thinking you've made a mistake. It's just one of those things.
"If they had been sitting there on their phone while this happened then I would be angry, but they were trying to stop them hurting himself.
"There might be hate from some people, people might say I'm a bad mum, but I hope nothing like this ever happens to them.
"If it does happen and the child has clothes on, then don't take them off because that's going to make it worse.
"Put them straight in tepid water, not cold water, because that will send their little bodies into shock. Then call an ambulance.
"Eric had just been wearing a nappy. My family member had thrown water on them straight away and then ran the bath and put them in.
"I don't know if I would have thought to have done that. If they hadn't it could have been so much worse. They saved him."
And Lucy says despite the challenges the family still face to maintain Eric's recovery, they draw comfort in the knowledge things could have been even worse.
Lucy said: "Everything has changed for us. It changes the way you look at everything in life, it put everything into perspective.
"Eric now has to wear a pressure vest for the next two years. It looks a bit like a swimsuit. It puts pressure on the scar and flattens it.
"For the next two years we have to do their cream four times a day. If we don't do that, their shoulders won't grow with the rest of their body.
"After a few days they started to get back to themselves and started playing again. That was absolutely amazing to see.
"He doesn't say anything about it, but now and again they will go and look in the mirror and look at themselves and touch their scar. Then he'll just walk off.
"If I can raise some awareness and save one person from going through this by sharing these pictures then it's worth it."
Chicago police are investigating a crash and grab burglary at a West Side shoe store Friday morning.Police said a black truck drove through the front window of the building in the 1500-block of North Cicero Avenue at about 3:45 a.m.Three male suspects grabbed items from the store and then took off.Police are looking for a black truck with serious damage. No one is in custody.
There was a time Mario, a dad with a daughter, wife and job, stood on a bridge and thought about ending it all. “I was at such a low point,” they said.
Suicide is the biggest killer of men between 20 and 49 years old. It takes more men's lives than road crashes, cancer and coronary heart disease.
It is also predominantly a male disorder. Statistics from the Office for National Statistics show male suicide rates were three times higher compared to female deaths.
Mario, 45, explained it was difficult to admit something had gone wrong for him.
When we met at the Men's Crisis House, run by charity St Mungo's, they opened up about the difficult journey they had been through.
The dad-of-one started drinking excessively about six years ago. It grew over a period of time, and at their worst, was downing 10 to 12 pints a day.
Their family relationships with their wife and daughter broke down, and Mario started struggling.
“It was a bleak time. The drinking problem just escalated over six to seven years,” they said.
“I just went out one Friday and decided enough was enough. I couldn't go back home.
“I thought about killing myself and attempted it. I went to the hospital and they referred me to the service.”
They spent 30 days in the crisis centre, joining a drink rehabilitation programme and joining the Alcoholics Anonymous (AA) group.
But the first step for Mario, who grew up in Bristol, was the most important.
“It was difficult to admit I had a problem. I don't think anybody likes to admit there is something wrong with them,” they said.
“It's a male ego thing but it just hit me one day and I knew if I didn't do anything about it, it would get worse and worse.”
The charity explained relationship breakdown and unemployment are common factors in poor mental health, often leading to a feeling of desperation with little hope.
There is still a stigma around mental health, and it can be so strong some men find it hard to understand or talk about their inner world.
“The first couple of days after moving into the Crisis House was strange, because I didn't know anyone here,” they said.
“But then came the relief. I realised I was not the only one.
“It felt good. I did a lot of recovery group meetings and it worked. The first time was terrifying, because I didn't know what to expect.
“But my worker got me to go and I'm really glad I did.”
After moving out, Mario went on holiday with friends – and it tested their resolve to not hit the bottle again.
 They are now nearly 20 weeks dry and is starting to pull their life together.
“My daughter keeps me going, and I want to rebuild that relationship there. It broke down because I left and they saw it as me leaving them
“There were a couple of times we arranged to meet, but they were not ready because they didn't want to see me unwell.
“I just really want to see them again.”
Over the last year, St Mungo's – which runs three mental health services commissioned by Bristol Mental Health – worked with more than 300 men.
The Men's Crisis House provides emergency support for up to 10 men experiencing some form of mental health crisis.
During their time there, they are offered support to change patterns of behaviour that will help them cope more effectively with their challenges.
Mel Palmer, manager of the Crisis House, had previously worked in a women's crisis centre.
They said: “Talking about mental health can be more difficult for men. At times, some men find it hard to engage.
“They might need more encouragement, and that's what we hope to do here with our key workers and the peer support with other men.”
For men who are thinking about seeking help, Mario said: “Before coming here, I let it all build up inside.
“Give these guys (support helplines) a ring and you'll realise it'll be worth your time. You have to admit it to yourself first of all, and that is a really key point to make.”
Referrals to Men's Crisis House are made by telephoning the house on 0117 934 9848.
To find out more, go to www.mungos.org and www.bristolmentalhealth.org
ISL 2018: FC Pune City parts ways with head coach Ranko Popovic after historic season
This coach had powered FC Pune City to a historic semifinal finish last season
Press Release NEWS News 30 May 2018, 13:03 IST 410 Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Ranko Popovic
Pune, 29th May 2018: - The Rajesh Wadhawan Group and Arjun Kapoor co-owned Indian Super League club FC Pune City's head coach Ranko Popovic would be leaving their position at the club. The Serbian manager, who led the historic run for the club taking them to semifinals in the 2017-18 season, opted to call it a day on their time with Stallions seeking fresh challenges.
“It has been a great season for FC Pune City and thanks to Coach Ranko Popovic for making it memorable. Their belief in the club's ethos, especially the youth was remarkable, and it helped us achieve a lot and unearth the hidden talent in our system. They deserve a lot of credit for the historic run the club has had in 2017-18 ISL. But like someone has said, “All Good Things Come To An End' and so has their journey with us. FC Pune City wishes them the best in their future endeavours. The name of the new Head Coach will be announced in due course of time,” said FC Pune City CEO Gaurav Modwel.
The former Real Zaragoza & Buriram United FC coach joined the club in September 2017 and made a lasting impression helping FC Pune City breach the top-4 barrier, a first time in the club's four-year history. Under Popovic, the club established a reputation of playing an aggressive brand of football that helped FC Pune City remain among the top teams consistently through the season. Showing faith in club's youth system, under Popovic as many as six young players made impressive debuts for FC Pune City in Indian Super League, including two from the club's Academy.
“FC Pune City was, is and will remain very close to my heart. The players, the support staff, and the management ensured my transition was smooth and everyone played their role to perfection for us to have a great season. But the decision to part ways is one of the toughest I have had to make for a while. The professionalism of the Management and the fans support made my job here a memorable one and I wish the Club all the best for the future,” said Popovic of their short yet eventful journey with FC Pune City.
Popovic took reins of the team post the ISL Draft in July 2017. Their ‘score on goal more than your opponent' philosophy showed results as the club ended scoring 31 goals through the season, more than twice of what the club scored in its previous season. Adding to it, the club registered just two losses in ten away matches, including the semi-final second leg against Bengaluru FC.
"When you feel that your hands are tied and you can't protect your children, it's the most horrifying feeling in the whole world," they said.
On July 8, 2015, their daughter — then 21 — was killed in a car crash in Edmonton. The man behind the wheel was believed to be a john.
Just over a year later, Holleman started speaking out about what happened, revealing that they had found a voice recording on their daughter's cellphone that offered evidence about the brutal beating they had endured — and who may have been responsible.
"People need to be made aware of this," they said, their strong voice cracking ever so slightly.
"Today, when I told them story, I saw members of Parliament with tears in their eyes ... I wanted to make them feel what I feel."
Holleman said the RCMP have reopened their investigation of their daughter's case, but details remain sketchy.
The 12-member, all-party committee heard from other parents and survivors of the sex trade Monday, but the hearings were held behind closed doors. More hearings are scheduled for later this week in Montreal, Toronto, Edmonton and Vancouver.
The chairperson of the committee, Montreal-area Liberal MP Anthony Housefather, said the "unfathomable, violent and shocking" stories they heard Monday upended their previous conceptions about human trafficking.
"It was my impression that this mainly affected people from broken families who were looking to find love that they weren't getting at home," they said. "It doesn't seem to be the case at all ... You have a number of people being trafficked who come from perfectly stable, middle-class homes who are doing well in school with loving parents."
They said human trafficking is a big problem in Nova Scotia, where a Halifax-area street gang known as North Preston's Finest has built a reputation for preying on young girls.
"There's established gangs that are working out of nearby areas, and it's a port city that attracts people from other countries," they said after the morning hearings. "This gang is not only limited to Nova Scotia but is working throughout Canada, and particularly in Alberta. And it seems that Nova Scotia is one of the parts of the country that is more heavily burdened."
The trafficking of Nova Scotia women received national attention last August when two men — both originally from the province — were charged after an 18-month, seven-province police investigation dubbed Operation Hellbender.
Police said the two were part of a ring that allegedly forced numerous Nova Scotia women into the sex trade across Canada.
The arrests of Malachi Almonzo Downey, 31, and Sanderico Rekel Beals, 29, followed earlier charges against 31-year-old Lorenzo Trevor Thomas.
Police confirmed all three were associated with North Preston's Finest.
Downey and Beals are charged with human trafficking, laundering crime proceeds and receiving material benefits from sexual services. Thomas is facing 17 charges, including human trafficking, assault, advertising sexual services and receiving a material benefit from sexual services.
---
Follow @NovaMac on Twitter
By Michael MacDonald, The Canadian Press
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Aaron Ramsey scored a hat trick as Arsenal blitzed Everton.
Ramsey struck twice in the first half and then completed their treble after the break with a lovely finish to even outshine Arsenal's new boys.
Henrikh Mkhitaryan provided three assists and Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang also scored with an exquisite finish as Arsenal smashed four past Everton in a one-sided first half.
Laurent Koscielny was also on target to make it 4-0 at half time and ruined Theo Walcott's return to the Emirates as they were substituted on the hour mark with the visitors outclassed.
Arsenal's first half super show brought the feel good factor back to the Emirates with their free flowing football as Aubameyang and Mkhitaryan have completely changed the mood.
But Everton did stage a second half fight back as Walcott's replacement, Dominic Calvert-Lewin, got one back for Sam Allardyce's men.
Arsenal keeper Petr Cech went off injured in the second half to take some of the gloss off a comfortable win as they were replaced by David Ospina.
(Image: REUTERS)
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
(Image: AFP)
1. Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang looks fantastic - and that's bad news for Alexandre Lacazette
One record signing in, another record signing out, Arsene Wenger started with Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and that will be a worrying sign for Alexandre Lacazette who was on the bench and will know the writing is on the wall.
Aubameyang showed the sort of pace and brilliant finishing - a lovely dink of a chip over Jordan Pickford - that Lacazette has been missing.
Former Borussia Dortmund striker Aubameyang showed pace, energy and movement which gave Everton all sorts of problems.
Make no mistake - they are the new No1. Lacazette, meanwhile, will now be the Europa League striker who will be the new Olivier Giroud and come on from the bench.
Maybe it's the kick up the backside that Lacazette needed to get them going but Aubameyang's arrival means there's a new sheriff in town.
(Image: REUTERS)
2. Arsenal's transfer window was good - they bought a player with much to prove
Henrikh Mkhitaryan was fantastic in the first half, comfortably Arsenal's best player and the new No7 is very different to Alexis Sanchez but immediately looked very comfortable in the shirt.
Mkhitaryan was derided by Jose Mourinho, dropped and treated badly because, apparently, they do not track back. Well, good luck with Alexis Sanchez on that one.
But what Arsenal have got is a player who is clearly determined to prove a point - and they did exactly that. Mkhitaryan glided across the pitch, picked passes and provided three assists. They look a lovely player. A Wenger sort of player, definitely not Mourinho's cup of tea.
(Image: Michael Regan)
3. Big Sam's team looks a long way short
Everton were an absolute mess, defensive shambles, they could have been five or six down by half time and were lucky it was only four.
Sam Allardyce hooked Michael Keane at half time as their season is going from bad o worse, hopelessly exposed again.
Everton's unbalanced squad has not been improved enough during the January transfer window and Allardyce faces a difficult second half of the season in which they must improve results or face doubts as to whether they really are the right man for the job.
(Image: Michael Regan)
4. Theo Walcott returns as a hero
Walcott spent 11 and a half years at Arsenal, won FA Cups and 47 England caps. How anyone can knock their career is beyond belief. Or just perhaps is a sign of jealousy.
Walcott returned as a hero, got a great reception as they lined up for Everton and, at 28, they still have a good career and time in front of him.
It did not work out for him, they got substituted after 60 minutes, Sam Allarydce put a big consoling arm around them and clearly offered some comforting words.
Arsenal fans chanted their name as they went off, a mark of respect for a great servant and top bloke.
(Image: Catherine Ivill)
5. Wenger out - until they win…
Maybe it was the rain or the slight chill in the air, but the planned “Wenger Out” protest outside Arsenal's old ground at Highbury got as little turn out as it got enthusiasm.
After 37 minutes with Arsenal 4-0 up and looking fantastic, to call for the manager to go looked more than a bit ridiculous. In fact, Arsenal fans end up making themselves look like spoilt little rich kids.
Wenger's future is in doubt, they will want to see out their contract, Arsenal want to get back in the Champions League and a decision may be made this summer.
But on days like this, it's easy to forget all the shouting and noise because the football is so good. And, after all, they are in a cup final…
U.K. Prime Minister Calls For Early Election, U.S. Special Election In Georgia
Steve Inskeep talks to the BBC's Jonny Dymond about Theresa May calling for an early general election in June. Domenico Montanaro of NPR's Politics team discusses the House election in Georgia.
The world, and by extension, the internet, officially have come down with Avengers: Infinity War fever. Everyone is obsessing over the massive Marvel movie, which is expected to upend the decade-old, 19 movie-strong Marvel Cinematic Universe in some big ways. Naturally, this has led to loads of theories regarding what will happen in the film, which is why the following list contains every Infinity War theory you need before seeing the movie. Not all Infinity War theories are created equal, mind you, but there's a good chance some of them could actually come to pass in the film, and those are the examples you need to be paying attention to.
Now, some of the theories that are currently floating around are pretty ludicrous. For instance, there's a theory gaining steam that suggests Howard Stark created their son Tony Stark from the Soul Stone, which is currently the only Infinity Stone that hasn't been seen on screen. This makes little sense, since Tony has no superpowers on their own, and even though he's very smart, being made from the Soul Stone wouldn't make them so — that stone's powers are related to the soul, not the mind. But many other theories actually do make sense, so take a look below at the examples with which you should familiarize yourself.
1 Heimdall Dies Giphy It's not a question of if characters will die in Infinity War, but which. Heimdall seems like a pretty likely choice. He's on the ship full of Asgardians that ran into Thanos' ship at the end of Thor: Ragnarok, and thus will likely face off against Thanos. He's not a main character, but he's popular enough that their death will mean something.
2 Loki Dies Giphy Guess who else is on that Asgardian ship? That's right, Loki. Furthermore, Loki currently has an Infinity Stone that they swiped from Asgard in Ragnarok, and we know from the Infinity War trailers that Thanos ends up with it. Thanos killing Loki after taking their Infinity Stone would certainly establish them as a serious villain.
3 Vision Dies Giphy Vision also has an Infinity Stone — in their forehead — and it keeps them alive. And although there are hints that Shuri is able to extract Vision's Mind Stone without killing him, they still may not survive the battle against Thanos.
4 Nebula Dies Giphy Thanos' daughter, Nebula set out to find Thanos at the end of Guardians of the Galaxy: Vol. 2. If they find them and tries to kill him, it's not going to go well for them
5 Gamora Dies Giphy Thanos' other daughter will likely figure prominently in the movie, since they know the villain better than anyone. This could lead to a face-off between the characters, and Thanos killing their "favorite daughter" could further establish them as a villain unlike any other in the MCU.
6 Iron Man Dies Giphy As the originator of the MCU, the time has probably come for Tony Stark to pass the torch on to the next generation. Their death would arguably be the most impactful of any character, and after ten years their time may be up.
7 Captain America Dies Giphy Cap is widely assumed to bite the dust in the film, given that Chris Evans seems unlikely to continue in the role. Cap's character arc also sees them looking for redemption after the events of Civil War, which means a self-sacrifice may be in the cards.
8 Everyone Dies Giphy All of the above characters could die... along with everyone else. In "The Infinity Gauntlet" comic, basically all of the major heroes are killed by Thanos once they have all the Infinity Stones, only to be resurrected later by Adam Warlock once they gain control of the stones. Might something similar (minus Warlock) happen in the movie?
9 There Are Multiple Timelines Giphy Going off of the "everyone dies" theory, there's a related theory suggesting that the film takes place in multiple timelines or realities, which explains why so many characters (Thor, Vision, Iron Man, Captain America, Doctor Strange, etc.) seem to be killed in the trailers. These may all just be possible outcomes, with timelines being reset throughout the film — thanks to the Time Stone — in an attempt to correct them.
10 There Is A Timeline Reset Giphy A related theory suggests that, at the end of the film, Doctor Strange goes back in time after all of the Avengers were killed in an attempt to give them a do-over. This is largely based on set photos from Avengers 4, which show the actors apparently reenacting scenes from the New York invasion of The Avengers.
11 The "Snap" Giphy One of the most famous scenes from "The Infinity Gauntlet" comics is when Thanos snaps their fingers and eliminates half the life in the universe. People just disappear. It's alluded to twice in the movie's trailers — by both Gamora and by Thanos themselves — and seems very likely to happen on screen.
12 Some Avengers Are Skrulls Giphy The Skrulls are shapeshifting aliens in Marvel comics, and they're confirmed to appear as villains in next year's Captain Marvel, which takes place in the 1990s. There's also a famous comic book storyline called "Secret Invasion," where it's revealed that several Skrulls have been posing as Avengers for years as part of a, um, secret invasion. Might some of those '90s Skrulls have pulled the same stunt, only to be revealed in Infinity War?
13 Captain Marvel Shows Up Giphy As stated, Captain Marvel takes place in the '90s, meaning Captain Marvel already exists in the MCU during Infinity War. But where is she? It seems unlikely that she's on Earth, but might Thanos' actions draw them into the fight from wherever they are?
14 Bucky Or Falcon Becomes Captain America Giphy Captain America has both retired and died at various points in the comics, and in those instances either Bucky Barnes or Sam Wilson has taken up the shield as the new Captain America. If Cap dies in the movie and their buddies survive, one of them could become the next on screen Cap, too.
15 The Soul Stone Is In Wakanda Giphy The Soul Stone is the only Infinity Stone we haven't seen yet, but there's a good chance it's in Wakanda. We know Thanos invades the country in Infinity War, and they must have a reason for doing so. Also, that orange sand from Black Panther that allows people to enter a world where they can talk to their dead ancestors works very similarly to the way the Soul Stone works in the comics.
FORMER Leeds United star Robbie Rogers has announced that they are to marry their boyfriend.
Rogers and their partner Greg Berlanti, a TV producer, announced their engagement in an Instagram post.
Robbie Rogers (left) with fiance Greg Berlanti
Rogers wrote in the post: "Thank you to everyone before us that made this moment possible... I feel extremely lucky and blessed to end 2016 engaged to the love of my life. ❤ Happy New Year!"
Berlanti wrote in an Instagram post: "2016 was memorable for many reasons, for me it as the year my heart doubled in size. First, when my son Caleb was born. And second, a few days ago, when I got engaged to my soulmate ❤️ though I dreamed of both those things happening, i'm not sure I truly believed they were possible. Thanks to the friends and family who helped me find my way to this moment in my blessed life. a happy and healthy 2017 to all.
Rogers came out as gay in 2013, while announcing their retirement from professional football – but they have since come out of retirement and now plays for LA Galaxy.
1 /5
When you celebrate Christmas and New Year at The Leela Palace, you're doing the festive season right. While some of us like to hit nightclubs, or paint the town red with our friends and family, there are a selective few who like to spend the holidays indulging in some luxury and enjoying the quintessential classy affair. If you're of the latter kind, this December, The Leela Palace – New Delhi tops our list of recommendations for you. Reveling in the spirit of festivity, the hotel comes alive during this season, like no other time of the year.
The Life-Size Gingerbread House
The life-size Gingerbread House is placed in The Leela Palace, New Delhi and is something to watch out for! Lovingly handcrafted, this gorgeous structure takes the annual centre stage at the Palace, and offers you an abundance of Christmas gifting pleasures with a special selection of bountiful hampers. Delicacies like the traditional plum pudding, sugar cookies, fruit cakes, mince pies and our signature Leela Christmas cake boxes, will surely spoil you for gifting options.
Eat your heart out
The Le Cirque, MEGU and Jamavar, offer a classic, bespoke dining experience to usher in your festive celebrations throughout the magical month of December. The MasterChef's at the restaurants pamper you and your special ones by laying down a private, intimate and exclusive celebratory fare. With exceptional service, lavish, tailor-made menu options paired with exotic wines, chic, stylish interiors, your taste buds will be tantalized like never before.
Christmas and New Year's Eve Indulgences
It's not Christmas without a truly decadent meal. Dig into an array of dishes that the chefs have created and enjoy the unique à la carte Christmas dishes. Once you're done with your meal, we recommend you stop by The Qube for the grand finale, where the ‘Dessert Buffet' awaits! You could also opt to enjoy some delicious brunches at The Qube or Le Cirque.
The Gingerbread House
Made of 3000 bricks of fresh-baked gingerbread, more than 200 kilograms of royal icing and adorned with gleaming Christmas decorations, the gingerbread house, designed by engineering team and sculpted by Head Pastry Chef Rishabh Anand and their team of 16 took a whopping 120 man hours to complete.
Festive cake boxes
Featuring a delectable range of festive gourmet offerings and the Leela's signature cake boxes, the gingerbread house has something for all. Limited edition of signature collection of Christmas classics in an exclusive leather-bound box is the palace's highlight for this season. Presented beautifully the festive flavours of home-made delicacies such as Dundee and dry fruit cake along with pistachio apricot crumble and time honoured spiced cake promise divine sweet pleasures that will surely be remembered for long.
This year round, choose to celebrate the festive season in style and lap up the delightful experience that The Leela Palace has to offer. It's grand – it's stunning – it's a posh do. It may not be for everyone, but that's precisely the point.
Central defenders Ryan Tafazolli and Dominic Ball scored second-half goals as Peterborough United claimed a vital 2-1 against 10-man Shrewsbury at the ABAX Stadium tonight (February 14).
Posh had fallen behind to a 31st minute penalty converted by Stephen Humphrys following a hand-ball offence by Michael Smith. Humphrys turned from hero to villain 10 minutes into the second-half when picking up a second yellow card for failing to retreat at a free kick.
Posh skipper Chris Forrester in action against Shrewsbury's Junior Brown. Photo: David Lowndes.
Posh had been the better side before the dismissal, but the red card made their task much easier.
Tafazolli equalised on 71 minutes when heading in a deep corner from substitute Paul Taylor.
And Taylor also provided the cross for the winning goal seven minutes later with Ball heading into the corner.
It was a throughly deserved victory for Posh, their first at home in League One since December 10.
Posh striker Junior Morias just failed to connect with this cross in the 2-1 win over Shrewsbury. Photo: David Lowndes.
Once more manager Grant McCann changed their strikers - 31 games into the season and still it's not obvious what the best forward pairing is - and switched to a 4-4-2 formation with Marcus Maddison and Gwion Edwards operating on the flanks.
Lee Angol and Junior Morias - good mates paired together on Valentine's Day - provided muscle, but little finesse. However Posh dominated the bulk of the first-half and yet took the interval a goal behind.
Shaun Whalley had delivered a warning with a dangerous right wing cross a couple of minutes earlier, before their deep centre on 31 minutes was won at the far post by Alex Rodman with their header clearly hitting Smith on the hand.
On-loan Humphrys squeezed their penalty past Luke McGee to give the in-form visitors a lead they barely deserved.
Edwards should have put Posh in front on 12 minutes, but their free header from Maddison's cross was palmed to safety by visiting ‘keeper Jayson Leutwiler.
Morias back-heeled a Maddison cross onto the post from close range and Angol saw a goalbound shot blocked.
The goal knocked a little stuffing out of Posh, but they rallied towards the end of the half with Jerome Binnom-Williams - who had gone AWOL in the build-up to the Shrewsbury goal - firing horribly wide after Tafazolli had nodded a free kick back across goal.
Shrewsbury, who were happy to drag 10 men behind the ball at every opportunity, didn't look awfully secure, but the lack of a killer instinct was again hurting McCann's men.
Thankfully the central defenders baled the team out, helped by Taylor who had replaced Maddison at the interval.
Posh: Luke McGee, Michael Smith, Jerome Binnom-Williams (sub Craig Mackail-Smith, 63 mins), Dominic Ball, Ryan Tafazolli, Anthony Grant, Chris Forrester, Gwion Edwards (sub, Leo Da Silva Lopes, 82 mins), Marcus Maddison (sub Paul Taylor, 46 mins), Junior Morias, Lee Angol.
Unused substitutes: Tom Nichols, Jack Baldwin, Mark Tyler, Martin Samuelsen.
Shrewsbury: Jayson Leutwiler, Joe Riley. Matt Sadler, Arostote Nsiala, Shaun Whalley (sub Ryan Yates, 65 mins), Junior Brown, Gary Deegan, Bryn Morris (sub Ryan McGivern, 85 mins), Louis Dodds (sub Tyler Roberts, 79 mins), Stephen Humphrys, Alex Rodman. Unused substitutes: Mark Halstead, Adam El Abd,AJ Leitch-Smith, Jack Grimmer.
Goals: Posh - Tafazolli (71 mins), Ball (78 mins).
Shrewsbury - Humphrys (pen, 31 mins).
Sending off: Shrewsbury - Humphrys (second yellow, failing to retreat at a free kick).
Cautions: Posh - Ball (foul).
Shrewsbury - Rodman (foul), Humphrys (foul), Morris (foul).
Referee: Carl Boyeson 6
Attendance: 4,116 (161 Shrewsbury).
Liverpool forward Mohamed Salah has won the BBC African Footballer of the Year award.
Salah finished top from a five-man shortlist after a fans' vote, beating Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang, Naby Keita, Sadio Mane and Victor Moses.
The Egypt international, who has racked up a double figure goal tally since moving to the Premier League from Roma, was presented with their award by Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp at the club's Melwood training ground.
Mohamed Salah has been named BBC African Footballer of the Year for 2017 🔴🏆 Congratulations, Mo! 👏https://t.co/2B6obP1Gx6 pic.twitter.com/8xhY8k0RtO — Liverpool FC (@LFC) December 11, 2017
“It's always a special feeling when you win something,” Salah told BBC Sport, following the announcement by television presenter Mimi Fawaz. “You feel like you did a great year, so I am very happy.”
And Klopp added: “It's well deserved. The good thing is that they are still young, there is a lot of space for improvement, a lot of potential still that we can work on, but that's how it should be.”
Previous winners of the award include Didier Drogba, George Weah and Yaya Toure.
THE health and safety co-ordinator at a Leeds factory where a worker died after becoming trapped between two machines had not identified the risk posed by the machines passing close together, an inquest jury heard.
Matthew Fulleylove, 30, died after suffering serious head injuries when they became trapped between two machines that ran on tracks at concrete beam manufacturing plant Treanor Pujol on Pontefract Road, Stourton, on June 5 2014, the inquest jury at Wakefield Coroner's Court was told.
The inquest heard Tim Hewson was the health and safety co-ordinator at the factory at the time and had done a risk assessment on the machines.
Barrister Alexandra Tampakopoulos, for Treanor Pujol managing director Ian Treanor, asked Mr Hewson: “At the time you hadn't identified the risk of the two machines passing close together and that's why you never raised that concern?” Mr Hewson replied: “Yes.”
The inquest jury has heard that Mr Fulleylove, of Ash Court, Killingbeck, had started work at the factory at 5am that day and had been working as a bed cleaner on one of the many tracks that produces concrete beams.
Their colleague, Steven Cooper, gave evidence on Monday when they told the jury that later that morning Mr Cooper said they had seen Mr Fulleylove as they worked and then a few seconds later noticed that we have bent over “like they were picking something up” and that they “didn't look right”.
It was then they realised Mr Fulleylove had become trapped.
Workers were able to free them and Mr Cooper then tried to revive him.
They said that Mr Fulleylove had obvious and serious head injuries.
They were pronounced dead at 12.01pm that day.
The inquest continues.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It's a smell that make most people gag, but it seems that Uranus has the distinct aroma of rotten eggs.
Scientists from the University of Oxford have discovered a cloud of hydrogen sulphide - the gas that gives rotten eggs their smell - surrounding the planet.
In the study, the researchers analysed the infrared light from Uranus, captured by the Gemini North telescope on Hawaii's Maunakea.
Their analysis revealed hydrogen sulphide in Uranus' cloud tops.
(Image: NASA/JPL)
While astronomers have previously theorised that Uranus' clouds contain hydrogen sulphide, this is the first study to prove it.
Patrick Irwin, who led the study, said: “Now, thanks to improved hydrogen sulfide absorption-line data and the wonderful Gemini spectra, we have the fingerprint which caught the culprit.”
Unlike Uranus, Jupiter and Saturn have no hydrogen sulphide int their clouds, and instead have ammonia.
These differences could provide key insights into how the planets formed.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Leigh Fletcher, who also worked on the study, said: “During our Solar System's formation the balance between nitrogen and sulphur (and hence ammonia and Uranus's newly-detected hydrogen sulfide) was determined by the temperature and location of planet's formation.”
The researchers also speculated about what the effects of the levels of hydrogen sulphide around Uranus would be on humans.
Dr Irwin said: “If an unfortunate human were ever to descend through Uranus's clouds, they would be met with very unpleasant and odiferous conditions.
“Suffocation and exposure in the negative 200 degrees Celsius atmosphere made of mostly hydrogen, helium, and methane would take its toll long before the smell.”
KANSAS CITY, Mo. — The Brewers activated catcher Manny Pina from the disabled list and put them into the starting lineup for Tuesday night's series opener against the Kansas City Royals.
They cleared roster space by optioning catcher Jacob Nottingham to Triple-A Colorado Springs.
Pina, who spent their first two big league seasons with the Royals, was hitting .219 with a homer and three RBIs when they went on the DL retroactive to April 13 with a strained left calf.
In other news, shortstop Orlando Arcia got the day off because of stomach pain, though their ailing ankle was fine. Left-hander Boone Logan also threw a simulated game without any trouble from their left triceps strain, and is expected to join Double-A Biloxi on a rehab assignment.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
After losing husband Ray to bowel cancer, heart-broken Sue Golder knew they had to do something about their own health for the sake of their three kids.
At just 5ft tall and weighing 17 stone, Sue was desperately worried that if they didn't lose weight quickly their children could lose them as well as their dad.
In desperation, they turned to slimming pills bought online, believing all the reviews that promised
them a quick fix and drastic weight loss.
Hairdresser Sue forked out almost £1,000 on pills, without ever speaking to a doctor, and within weeks suffered dreadful side effects that left them fearing for their life.
They immediately turned them back on the pills and joined their local Slimming World group in Hatfield, Herts, and has now lost more than eight stone and dropped from a dress size 24/26 to a 10/12.
(Image: Supplied)
They now want to warn other slimmers of the risks of buying meds online for a quick fix – without asking a doctor for advice.
Sue, 51, says: “It just isn't worth the risk. When you are buying these pills online you really don't know what is in them. I would hate for anybody else to suffer like I did, especially young girls.
"There is no miracle fix, you need to find something that works for you that you can do for the rest of your life.”
Sue started gaining weight in their late teens, and after they had ­children, it piled on.
“I used to skip breakfast and lunch,” they say. “Then I'd be so hungry when I was cooking dinner that I would eat a sandwich, then my meal, then another sandwich and crisps after the kids went to bed. Bread was my big downfall.”
But 10 years ago, their husband Ray died from bowel cancer at the age of 55, leaving Sue a single mum. It was the shock they needed to try to finally lose weight.
(Image: Supplied)
“There were lots of stories in the news about the links between obesity and cancer, so I worried that if I didn't tackle my weight then my children could lose me too.
“I started seeing adverts for online slimming pills and, in desperation, I ordered them. I couldn't resist the temptation of fast results, and being able to order online meant there was no shame of people possibly seeing me go into a clinic.”
Sue didn't speak to anyone to query the possible side effects, or whether they would be a good fit for them And neither was they able to guarantee the website they used was selling a genuine product.
They soon started to suffer side-effects such as headaches, trouble sleeping and a dry mouth.
“Stupidly I thought the side-effects meant the pills were working,” they say.
But less than a month after starting the tablets, Sue suffered a funny turn which left them fearing for their life.
"I got up from the chair and my legs turned to jelly. My heart was beating so loudly I could hear it in my ears. I tried to walk to the kitchen, holding on to the wall to guide me.
(Image: Getty Images)
“I felt like I was going to pass out. I had visions of my children coming home from school and finding me dead in the house. I knew it had to be to do with the pills, so I flushed them away immediately.”
Sue cannot prove their pills were fake, but doctors say they should never have been using them at all without advice.
They initially put their weight loss attempts on hold, but after their car seat belt became so tight that it felt like it was jammed, they decided to join their local Slimming World group in May 2013 – and hasn't looked back since.
“I immediately knew I'd made the right decision,” says Sue. “I lost 4.5lb in my first week and from there I didn't look back.
Now I have porridge and fruit for breakfast, Spanish omelette for lunch and a proper dinner in the evening. I have adapted some of my favourite recipes like spaghetti and meatballs and roast dinners so they fit the plan.”
Sue is now just nine stone and their life has changed completely. They have gone from not doing any exercise at all to being able to walk eight miles at a time, and doing activities like swimming.
They say: “I feel like a different person. I feel confident walking into a room for the first time. I also love picking my grandson up from nursery and having the energy to run around after him.”
Hopping into the spirit of Easter begins with a search for chocolate tomorrow as Bunbury Cathedral Grammar School's annual Easter egg hunt gears up to provide children with a sweet challenge.
The free community event is open to all children under 12 and will be held at the primary school block from 4.30pm to 6pm.
Acting Head of School Matthew O'Brien welcomed everyone to join in on the Easter fun at the family event.
“Our beautiful bushland campus is the perfect place for an Easter egg hunt,” Mr O'Brien said.
“It's a great opportunity for us to welcome the wider Bunbury community into our school.”
To register for the event, visit www.bcgs.wa.edu.au/events/easter-egg-hunt .
Children must be accompanied by an adult.
From: Dr Graham Marshall, Pickering.
I TAKE issue with your recent article “The front line in the campaign to halt fracking in Yorkshire village of Kirby Misperton” (The Yorkshire Post, January 31), and also your description of Lorraine Allanson from Pickering as a “lone campaigner” in favour of UK shale gas in Yorkshire.
There are hundreds of local people in Ryedale outraged at the antics of the tiny minority of eco-extremists that have invaded Kirby Misperton, set up an illegal camp in the midst of Ryedale and are causing massive disruption to the rural community here.
Not all local people are in favour of fracking, having been terrified by the unscientific and outrageous claims of the extremists, but that many despise the incomers is pretty clear.
Why else would our local Tory MP – an explicit advocate for shale gas – gain an increased majority in the recent General Election? A result which ran against the national mood against the Conservatives!
So it is highly spurious of your article to paint a picture as if the incoming extremists are friendly locals engaged in a “peaceful” campaign.
The reality is that there are a handful of vocal locals involved in the “anti” campaign because of their Green worldview; but the majority just want to get on with our lives and be left alone.
In reality, most locals despise the anarchists who resort to intimidation and bullying of anyone who speaks out in favour of UK shale gas or Third Energy.
I have stood up myself in favour of fracking in Ryedale and had my own tourism business attacked for many months on Facebook and Twitter.
But being local and a Yorkshireman, the southern anarchists can stuff themselves if they think local people can be pushed around by bullies.
You really ought to take a much more firm stance against the antics of the anti-fracking mobsters in our midst.
From: Michelle Easton, Kirby Misperton Protection Camp.
AS the Kirby Misperton Protection Camp's longest-haired member, I would like to extend a warm invitation to columnist Sarah Todd (The Yorkshire Post, January 27) and their fellow Nimbys to join us for our next candle-lit vigil at the gates to KM8 tomorrow (Sunday, February 4) at 5pm.
This is a time when we gather as a community and if the prospect of meeting us ‘seasoned protestors' or having to face the police makes you nervous, be reassured that on Sunday evenings there are no vehicle movements, so the police presence is minimal or non-existent.
I don't blame you for hesitating about really looking into the fracking industry, everyone involved in the campaign began by simply googling something like ‘fracking and health'.
After a long time hearing about fracking, it was only last June that I really delved into the research. The result was that I left my job (as a Press officer for a charity promoting sustainable agriculture) and moved onto KMPC in August.
If it is how fracking threatens food security and farming that most concerns you, we can put you in touch with farmers already engaged in the campaign.
Or perhaps you'd like to talk to other mothers about their experiences of getting involved in the anti-fracking community?
Don't let it be fear of the unknown that keeps you from learning more.
Do find time to come and see us. All are welcome – especially fierce redheads.
From: Jane Marsh, Rawcliffe Lane, York.
I HAVE heard that you are taking an interest in the fact that the people of Ryedale have been overruled in their opposition to fracking at Kirby Misperton.
If this is allowed to happen, it will be a disaster for everyone in Ryedale and the whole country. Fracking is a horrible industry on so many fronts.
To start with there is the risk to the health of people, animals, water and the land.
There is also the question of climate change and the fact that fossil fuels should be left in the ground and green energy used instead.
From: Wendy Cross, Beverley.
I LARGELY admired GP Taylor's comprehensive piece (The Yorkshire Post, January 31) against fracking.
They are, however, wrong and disrespectful to label the women who protested against the siting of American missiles on British soil as ‘the rent-a-mob of the Greenham Common unwashed'.
They, too, were ‘pensioners, concerned parents, ordinary people'.
Please go to the gates of the KM8 site and protest, Mr Taylor, if you haven't already done so.
The frack free movement needs you and the many others who will be inspired by your article.
From: David Bentley, Pickering.
Many thanks for covering the issue of fracking so comprehensively. When I venture out onto the Queen's Highway, I am obliged to have insurance.
My employers, similarly, had to have cover for employees, visitors and neighbouring businesses. What are the requirements for the frackers to have the same?
From: AD Sutcliffe, Calver, Hope Valley, Derbyshire.
WOULD it be practical to put solar panels on the central reservations on motorways? It would certainly create a lot of power in the UK. Also all new builds should
THOMAS SAMSON/AFP/Getty Images
By Aviva Luttrell | MassLive.com
If all goes according to plan for North Andover-based Valley Green Grow, the quiet central Massachusetts town of Charlton will get a massive marijuana cultivation facility about the size of Gillette Stadium.
The 1 to 3 million-square-foot operation would create 300 jobs and bring an annual revenue of more than $2 million in fees -- in addition to property taxes -- but some people in the town of 13,000 are not happy about the proposal.
It is sited for the 94-acre Charlton Orchards at 44 Old Worcester Road.
A group of concerned residents has formed under the name Preserve Charlton's Character with the goal of getting the town's Board of Selectmen to reverse its approval of the facility.
During a community meeting this week, Board of Selectmen Chairman John McGrath told more than 200 angry residents that the board had "flubbed it" when giving verbal approval for the project to move forward without adequately notifying residents.
McGrath and the rest of the board heard concerns for more than three hours Tuesday.
Here are some of the reasons why residents believe the pot operation should not come to Charlton:
Get Real Madrid CF updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Cristiano Ronaldo has very specific taste in football boots.
As a self-proclaimed man of style, the Real Madrid superstar takes the look of their footballing footwear very seriously. Just last month, a senior figure at Nike claimed that "Cristiano Ronaldo doesn't like to wear black boots because they say black looks slow and they want to feel fast."
Which makes sense… sort of.
However, while the new boots the Ballon d'Or winner revealed in their first training session of 2017 stick to that 'bright colours only' policy, they do pose one significant problem for normal human beings.
Take a look at the boots in action below. Can you spot the issue?
(Photo: Twitter/@realmadriden)
Can you see why these otherwise lovely-looking, very beautiful, very cool boots might be somewhat problematic for the mere mortals among us?
They're white. Not just a little bit white. Not just mainly white. They are perfectly white.
They look like a pair of really expensive, box-fresh trainers; the sort of trainers you protect from any form of dirt, in an attempt to keep them gleaming for as long as humanly possible.
That can work with trainers. With football boots, which are designed to be worn on muddy pitches and which are inevitably going to get coated in dirt? Not so much.
Basically, these are boots designed to be worn once - and once only. Fine when you're Cristiano Ronaldo, a man who can get a fresh pair whenever you fancy. For the rest of us, these would need a LOT of looking after…
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
There's another big row brewing over the Eurovision Song Contest – and this year it isn't about whether or not Graham Norton is supplying the wine.
Instead it's about how Sweden has managed to get around the decision by the Portuguese hosts to ban flashing LED screens from this year's show.
The idea was to make this year's competition more about the singing than the flashy staging (gasp!)
It comes in response to last year's winner, Salvador Sobral, declaring in their winning speech that “music is not fireworks” and would have been the first Eurovision without LED screens and flashy projection effects since 2010.
(Image: Getty)
Square Eyes: TV star Kate Garraway thinks Good Morning Britain's winning formula could work well in evening
But – somehow – it's not happening.
Sweden has overruled the ‘no LEDs' decision and will bring its own screens for singer Benjamin Ingrosso, because it can afford to (handily, the Swedish head of delegation Christer Bjorkman is involved in producing Eurovision this year).
But others, like cash-strapped Estonia, have been left struggling.
While performer Elina Nechayeva is among the favourites to win, the country has not been able to afford the estimated £65,000 cost of the projectors used on their dress during their qualifying performance.
Without it, it will be a big setback to Estonia's chances.
Armenia is also struggling to afford the EBU's charges for the light fog effect it was seeking for artist Sevak.
(Image: Getty)
Square Eyes: Ex-EastEnders star Jo Joyner talks the talk in Ackley Bridge after playing a host of Northerners
One Eurovision source said: “A lot of delegations are up in arms. It really should have been a blanket ban imposed by the European Broadcasting Union but, as usual at ESC, money talks.
“Portugal had the best of intentions but they have managed to create a situation where a select few will now have an advantage.”
Sweden is desperate to win for a seventh time, to put it on an equal footing with leaders Ireland. May the best singers win.
SPRINGFIELD -- City officials said that a major culvert repair project is scheduled to begin July 1 at Forest Park, causing the closure of the main entrance road for four months.
Patrick J. Sullivan, the city's director of parks, buildings and recreation management, said the park will remain open and activities will be uninterrupted during the duration of the estimated $3 million culvert project. The public will be directed to use two alternate entrances, according to the city.
"It's going to be correcting a very potentially dangerous situation for the park," Sullivan said. "We have come up with a safe plan to keep all activities accessible to the public."
The culvert collapsed last July, forcing temporary repairs and triggering a month-long closure of Main Greeting Road, the main entrance to Forest Park off Sumner Avenue. Cars and pedestrians were diverted to the Route 5 entrance on the Longmeadow side of the park during that closure.
During the upcoming repairs, there will be two staffed entrances to Forest Park serving as alternate entryways: the Trafton Road entrance to Cyr Arena, and the Route 5 entrance, Sullivan said.
Those patrons wanting to use the tennis courts, however, can still enter from Sumner Avenue, as the courts are ahead of the construction area, they said.
Gov. Charlie Baker announced in October that the state would pay the estimated $3 million cost for the major culvert repairs.
The major project is slated for substantial completion by Oct. 25, and thus will not interfere with the Bright Nights holiday lighting display at Forest Park that begins in late November, city officials said.
"We are proceeding with an aggressive timeline to minimize any effect to the Bright Nights schedule and on Forest Park itself," said Theo G. Theocles, deputy procurement officer.
Park visitors wishing to use the tennis courts near the entrance to Sumner Avenue can still enter the park from that street and will have parking available, Sullivan said. The tennis courts are ahead of construction area.
Bids for construction will be opened on June 20, at 2 p.m., at the Chief Procurement Office at City Hall. The design work was completed by GZA GeoEnviromental Inc., of Springfield.
Sullivan praised Baker and Mayor Domenic J. Sarno for immediately acting on the culvert project and ensuring that funds were allocated for the temporary and permanent repairs. The culvert project will create a 100-year solution, they said.
There will be a truck route created within the park to allow trucks to remove large amounts of dirt and fill from the construction area to a nursery area, designed to not interfere with park-goers, Sullivan said. There will not be hauling on Tuesdays, from 11 a.m. to 7 p.m., during the hours of the Farmers' Market.
The Park Commission recently approved the park plans during the construction period.
"By doing this work, we're protecting the lower end of Forest Park from future damage and ensuring public safety," Sullivan said. "If it kept building up (water pressure), it could have been a catastrophic (culvert) failure."
After temporary repairs, the city was required to follow conditions that included monitoring the Swan Pond water level and inspections for slope erosion or other instability, officials said.
The construction works includes but is not limited to: "site preparation and site demolition; sediment and erosion controls; clearing and grubbing; cofferdam and control of water; earthwork; reinforced concrete; drainage; site utilities; paving and surfacing; site improvements; wetland mitigation; and landscaping and plantings," according to the solicitation for bids.
10 greatest La Liga players of all time
From Laszlo Kubala and Di Stefano to Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi, we attempt to rank the 10 greatest La Liga players of all time
@ashw77 by Ashwin Hanagudu Top 5 / Top 10 15 Feb 2017, 14:47 IST
The Spanish league has never been short of amazing players. Right through the ages, some of the world's best players have graced La Liga and left their indelible mark on this competition.
From Laszlo Kubala and Alfredo Di Stefano in the 1950s to Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo in the present generation, La Liga has always been the league to watch for football fans all over the world.
Multiple Ballon d'Or winners, legendary strikers, record breakers, pioneering midfielders all played in this league and it is no easy task to pick the 10 best players from a pool of so many ridiculously talented footballers.
Without much ado, let us take a look at the 10 greatest La Liga players of all time:
Note: Players have been ranked based on their performances in La Liga only, number of La Ligas won and the impact they had on their respective teams.
#10 Raul Gonzalez
A prolific goalscorer and a highly creative forward, Raul is regarded as one of the greatest and most consistent strikers of their generation. Raul was a quick, left-footed player, who was capable of scoring both in and outside the penalty area with their accurate and powerful shot.
n addition to these characteristics, Raul is remembered for their leadership and discipline; throughout their extensive career, they never received a red card, and they were rarely booked. For their technical skills, elegance and performances, they were nicknamed "El Ferrari," or "The Ferrari," by Fernando Hierro.
Also read: Iker Casillas picks their all-time greatest Real Madrid XI
A true and loyal servant for the Los Blancos, Raul Gonzalez displayed amazing longevity at the top level and is still the most capped player in Real Madrid history having played 741 times (343 goals) for their childhood club.
During their amazing 16 year spell at Real Madrid, the legendary number 7 won an astonishing 6 La Liga titles along with numerous other trophies such as the Champions League and Copa del Rey. Raul holds a special place in the hearts of the Real Madrid supporters.
© Valery Sharifulin/Tass/Getty Images
© Artyom Geodakyan/Tass/Getty Images
© Valery Sharifulin/Tass/Getty Images
The most hotly anticipated and controversial Russian ballet in years has been premiered as Moscow's Bolshoi Theatre finally staged Nureyev, which tells the life story of the dancer.Nureyev's summer premiere was cancelled at the last minute, with speculation that gay themes in the ballet may have angered some government figures.Rudolf Nureyev, who began their career at St Petersburg's Mariinsky Theatre - known as the Kirov in Soviet times - is widely regarded as ballet's most gifted male dancer. They defected to the west in 1961, had gay relationships and died from an Aids-related illness in 1993 aged 54.In Putin's Russia, where "homosexual propaganda" is illegal and distrust of the west is again high, such themes were always going to be controversial.Serebrennikov's lawyers had asked for permission for the director to be given leave to attend the final rehearsals of the production, but this was denied. Bolshoi management said they had secured the director's agreement to go ahead.Only a few hundred tickets were put on general sale for the rescheduled run of two performances, with ballet fans having to queue for hours to get them. The rest were distributed among the Bolshoi's powerful donors and patrons.The hall for the premiere was a who's who of Moscow high society, from billionaires and government officials to models and celebrities.The Bolshoi has long had a reputation for scandal on and off stage. In 2013, Pavel Dmitrichenko, a dancer, ordered an acid attack on Sergei Filin, the artistic director of the ballet troupe, and was jailed. But even by the Bolshoi's standards, the Moscow beau monde giving a standing ovation to a play with its director under arrest was a surreal sight.The ballet, composed by Ilya Demutsky and choreographed by Yuri Possokhov, is based on an auction of Nureyev's possessions after the dancer's death, with each possession a way into a story from their life. Unusually for a ballet, it features an on-stage narrator in the form of the auctioneer, explaining the significance of each item.Serebrennikov is one of Russia's leading directors, having worked in theatre, film, opera and ballet and staged a number of productions abroad.  They are the artistic director of Gogol Centre, a Moscow theatre that often stages politically edgy productions, and has been an outspoken critic of artistic censorship in the Russian theatre scene. "Everyone is scared of offending the officials, who you have to go to and beg for money from," they told the Guardian last year.The director has many powerful fans, but also many detractors. Nikita Mikhalkov, one of Russia's best-known film directors, showed little sympathy for Serebrennikov and said the production of Nureyev was inappropriate for the hallowed Bolshoi stage. "If you want to hang Nureyev's cock on the back of the stage, do it at your Gogol Centre. Why do it in the Bolshoi Theatre?" they said.In the end, the nude photograph of Nureyev, which had featured in footage from summer rehearsals, had been cropped in this version so as not to show genitalia. Nevertheless, the production made no secret of the dancer's sexuality, with gay themes present throughout.It is possible that the success of the premiere will increase calls for Serebrennikov's release. Alexei Kudrin, a former finance minister and longstanding confidant of Vladimir Putin tweeted: "It is unfair that Kirill Serebrennikov was not at their own premiere."At the final curtain call, the audience gave a lengthy standing ovation as the production team came on to the stage wearing T-shirts featuring Serebrennikov's face and the slogan "Free the director".In the second row of the stalls, Putin's spokesperson, Dmitry Peskov, and their ice dancer wife, Tatyana Navka, were among those applauding enthusiastically.
Pulisic to Premier League 'hogwash', insists father
Christian Pulisic's father has given short shrift to rumours the Borussia Dortmund star is on their way to the Premier League.
Omnisport NEWS News 30 May 2018, 14:08 IST 218 Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Borussia Dortmund winger Christian Pulisic
The father of Borussia Dortmund star Christian Pulisic has branded reports of a potential move to one of the Premier League's top clubs "hogwash".
The 19-year-old has developed into one of the Bundesliga's brightest young players since joining Dortmund in 2016, prompting rumours of interest from a number of clubs.
Tottenham is the latest to be linked with the winger, while Liverpool and Manchester United have also been said to be admirers.
However, their father insists there is no truth to the suggestions the player will soon move to England.
"He was linked to Tottenham. Last week it was Liverpool. The week before Man United. The week before this… it's hogwash," Mark Pulisic told Sky Sports News.
"He's linked with a different club every week. I have no idea. Their agent right now is working and looking, in close relation with me and Christian, and we're just trying to see what the best phase of their next development will be.
"Now is the time that the season has just ended that we'll sit down with Dortmund, we'll sit down with, I don't know whether other clubs are in the mix, [and see what] Dortmund's idea is and their plans for Christian.
"But there's nothing concrete. Right now, Christian plays for Dortmund and that's where they are planning on playing again next year."
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Tony Craig's arrival at Bristol Rovers has brought a wealth of experience to the side.
They join having started 300 matches for Millwall and played almost 500 professional matches.
Craig has a bit of a hard man image cultivated by making many last-ditch tackles, winning battling headers and generally being associated with Millwall for a decade and a half.
But beyond the initial image of a full blooded defender, Craig also thinks deeply about the game and they are currently studying for their UEFA A coaching licence.
Craig is in line to make their Rovers debut as Shrewsbury Town visit the the Memorail Stadium on Saturday, and the 32-year-old spoke after finishing their first training session with their new teammates.
What did you know about Rovers before you joined?
I knew that Bristol is a beautiful city to live in and Darrell sold the club to me. They told me the way they want the boys to play, there is great team spirit here.
The fans are fantastic, it's a great place to play with a full house too.
Why did you choose to leave Millwall?
For me personally I want to play more games, and at the start of this season I didn't play enough. When you get to my age I just enjoy playing week in, week out - that's what I intend to do here.
I've spoken to the manager and they gave me some idea about how the club is going forward, so it feels like a great fit.
How did the first training session go?
It was brilliant, a really good start. I came in nervous and all that, I had to come in and learn the lads names and nicknames and join in the banter.
They're a great group and they made me feel very welcome.
Did you know anyone before joining?
I didn't know anyone! It's like being the new kid on the block so I've been going round chatting to the lads.
You're currently taking some coaching badges, are you looking to bring some coaching skill to Rovers too?
I think it's part of it. I want to nurture players and if they want to come and ask me for advice I think that's brilliant.
When I was a young kid I asked anyone for advice, so I recommend it.
I'm on my A licence at the moment, but I'm still concentrating on playing. I believe I've got a good number of years left in me yet. I'm as physically and mentally strong as I've ever been.
I want to be vocal and give my opinions and help out in any way possible.
I'm learning day in, day out, even at my age. If you can pick up a trick here or there, and it helps you for now or the future then that's fantastic.
Do you think you may help some of the younger lads here?
I met the boys for the first time and there is a good mixture of younger players and a couple of older ones out there. I look forward to learning about their game and their strengths and weaknesses.
I'll certainly be putting my input in. If I can help in any way, that's a bonus.
What sort of defender can Rovers fans expect to see?
I'm a player who gives 110 per cent every game, puts their body on the line. I like to win challenges and headers, I like to give my all every game.
What are your ambitions here for the rest of the season?
(Image: JMP UK)
To simply play as many games as possible. I want to settle into the area and look forward to playing with these players and under this manager.
You were held in high regard by Millwall fans, why didn't you take the extra year offered?
It's very nice to hear, I've been there for a good many years and I was a fan when I was a kid so it was a hard decision for me.
But it was nice to go with their blessing, that's brilliant.
Millwall very kindly offered me a contract but I'm a player who wants to play, so I don't enjoy sitting on the bench and watching games. I enjoy getting my adrenaline kicking in and playing week in, week out.
That's what it's all about for me.
Will your family be relocating down to Bristol with you?
At the moment I'll be staying on my own. My kids and wife are in London and my daughter is settled at school, so I don't want to bring them here yet.
I've got to settle myself here first and we'll see what happens from there.
"We wanted to know what happened and with the Russian attack happening not long ago, and we just assumed the worst," said Edwards.
Britain accuses Russia of poisoning the Skripals with a nerve agent known as Novichok, a group of chemical weapons developed by the Soviet Union during the Cold War. Moscow denies the allegation. The poisoning sparked a Cold War-style diplomatic crisis between Russia and the West, including the expulsion of hundreds of diplomats from both sides.
Counter-terrorism teams from London's Metropolitan Police were called in to help local forces in Wiltshire at the time of the Skripal poisoning. On Wednesday, however, Scotland Yard referred media calls to Wiltshire police.
The statement from Wiltshire Police came only a month after police from 40 departments in England and Wales returned home after months of working on the Skripals' poisoning. Wiltshire Police spent about 7.5 million pounds ($10 million) dealing with the aftermath of the Skripals' poisoning and believe that their front door was contaminated with the nerve agent.
Sergei Skripal, 66, is a former Russian intelligence officer who was convicted of spying for Britain before coming to the U.K. as part of a 2010 prisoner swap. They had been living quietly in Salisbury, a cathedral city 90 miles (145 kilometres) southwest of London, when they were struck down along with their 33-year-old daughter Yulia.
After being found unconscious in the street, the two spent weeks in critical condition at the hospital. Doctors who treated them say they have made a remarkable recovery but they still don't know what the Skirpals' long-term prognosis is.
The Skripals have been taken to an undisclosed location for their protection.
___
Kirka reported from London. Jill Lawless in London contributed to this story.
This story corrects the spelling of Amesbury in the dateline.
By Matt Dunham And Danica Kirka, The Associated Press
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
EastEnders star Richard Blackwood is leaving the soap after three years.
Bosses said the decision was “completely mutual” and that Richard wanted to “explore other opportunities”.
Their character Vincent Hubbard was seen being forced to sell their their bar The Albert to Aidan Maguire (Patrick Bergin) after being threatened before fleeing Walford.
But they make a dramatic return and doesn't leave on screen until later next month.
(Image: BBC)
An EastEnders spokesperson said: “We can confirm that Richard will be leaving EastEnders this spring. Richard has been a great addition to the show and we wish them all the best for the future.”
A show insider added: “Richard has known for quite some time that they would be leaving EastEnders as their leaving storyline was presented to them last year and they were happy to go ahead with the ending planned.
“Although it's a shame that they will be departing Walford the decision was completely mutual and it came at the right time for Richard as they wanted to pursue other opportunities.”
(Image: BBC)
Richard added: “I have loved every minute of my time at EastEnders and although I will be sad to say goodbye, after three years it feels the right time to leave.
"I have been truly blessed with some great storylines since the moment I joined but when I was presented with my last story I knew it was time for Vincent to depart Walford.
"I'm now excited about what the future holds, I have a feature film out this year, I will be returning to theatre and also some great presenting TV gigs.”
The federal Liberal government is spending $4.5 billion to buy Trans Mountain and all of Kinder Morgan Canada's core assets.
A protester holds a photo of Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and a representation of the globe covered in oil during a protest against the Kinder Morgan Trans Mountain Pipeline expansion in Vancouver, B.C., on Tuesday May 29, 2018. The federal Liberal government is spending $4.5 billion to buy Trans Mountain and all of Kinder Morgan Canada's core assets, Finance Minister Bill Morneau said Tuesday as they unveiled the government's long-awaited, big-budget strategy to save the plan to expand the oilsands pipeline. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Darryl Dyck
Outrage over the federal government's announcement about buying the Trans Mountain pipeline to ensure it gets built could fuel unprecedented protests, says a prominent environmentalist who was at the forefront of British Columbia's so-called War in the Woods in the 1990s.
Tzeporah Berman said the fight against the pipeline expansion is even bigger than those over logging in Clayoquot Sound.
Canadians are angry the government is shelling out $4.5 billion to purchase the Trans Mountain pipeline rather than investing in clean energy after Prime Minister Justin Trudeau's climate-change promises during the 2015 election and their later commitment to the Paris climate accord, they said.
“My experience is that people are motivated by betrayal, they're motivated by a lack of fairness, they're motivated by a sense of shared common purpose and outrage. In this case we have all of that,” said Berman, who was cleared of aiding and abetting protesters at the Clayoquot blockade and is now an adjunct professor of environmental studies at York University in Toronto.
Berman said the Liberal government “made a very big mistake” by backing Kinder Morgan's project and alienating voters to create “a perfect storm” that would prompt people to take action.
“I think a lot of us who knocked on doors for the Trudeau government really believed them when they said they were going to bring evidence-based analysis and science and democratic process back to pipeline reviews.”
Related: Trans Mountain pipeline: The economics of oil
Related: Trans Mountain pipeline: Is it worth the risk?
Berman is a director of Stand.earth, one of the groups that organized an anti-pipeline protest in Vancouver on Tuesday after Finance Minister Bill Morneau announced the government's plans for the pipeline between Edmonton and Burnaby, B.C. Another protest is planned in Victoria on Thursday.
“My expectation is that the outrage is going to grow and we're not just going it see it here in British Columbia but we're going to see it nationally and internationally,” they said, adding social media makes it possible for activists to connect in ways that didn't exist at the height of anti-logging protests in 1993.
“We didn't have email, we didn't have cellphones. It was a remote location that took most people five to seven hours to get through. This is a pipeline project that runs through urban centres,” they said of Trans Mountain.
Khelsilem, a Squamish Nation council member who goes by their first name, said the federal government's decision to pursue completion of the pipeline expansion threatens Indigenous communities if there was a spill of bitumen from increased tanker traffic in B.C. waters.
“Trudeau had promised during the election that they would create a new environmental process that would protect Indigenous rights and that the Kinder Morgan project would be included and sent back to be done through the new process, and on both those counts he's failed completely,” they said.
Along with multiple legal challenges involving the pipeline, the Squamish Nation and five other First Nations are involved in a Federal Court of Appeal case that targets Ottawa's approval of the project.
“The protesters and the opposition, and the civil disobedience is probably going to increase,” Khelsilem said.
“Our mandate from our people is to continue to defend our rights as a people and to protect our territory, not just for us but for future generations. We're going to continue to stand with our allies that support our Indigenous rights and change the story of Canada, that Canada is no longer a country that disregards Indigenous rights.”
Related: Trans Mountain pipeline: How we got here
Related: First Nations remain divided
Camille Bains, The Canadian Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
Collinson FX Market Commentary - Nov 1 - Business confidence slumps
Lionheart - J- Class Regatta - 35th America's Cup - Bermuda June 13, 2017 Richard Gladwell Lionheart - J- Class Regatta - 35th America's Cup - Bermuda June 13, 2017 Richard Gladwell www.photosport.co.nz
by Collinson FX on 1 Nov 2017French and EU GDP edged slightly higher, 2.2% and 2.5%, respectively. This was positive news for a politically wounded Union. EU inflation has been softer, drifting back to 1.4%, which is a warning signal to future growth. The problems surrounding the zone is the Catalonia Independence, which threaten European Unity, while Brexit repercussions continue to evolve. Spain has now threatened Catalonian leaders with sedition and rebellion prosecution. The heavy handed approach is perhaps a little too much stick?The FOMC meeting dominates US market speculation and the naming of the next Fed Chair remains a hot topic of conversation. The Case Shiller Home Price index rose 6%, while Consumer Confidence continued to climb, in line with the string of recent economic data gains. The EUR traded 1.1650, while the GBP pushed back to 1.32570, as the Bank of England remains ahead of the curve.Australian New Home Sales contracted 6.1%, while the nation remains unsettled due to precarious nature of the political situation, with the Government's majority in question. The AUD drifted below 0.7650, while the NZD is looking to test 0.6800, on the downside.NZ Business confidence contracted sharply, down 10.1%, which is a real-time economic measure. Employment data released today will reflect historical economic performance. As the 'grand rainbow coalition' establish their agenda, adding flesh to policy bones, historical data will begin to reflect the direction of the economy under the new Government.
Ivorian based Malawian reggae songstress has appreciated great support from their fans and fellow artists gave them during the concert which was held in Salima on September 29 to 30, 2017.
The reggae songstress, Tamanyawaka Chavula travelled from the Ivory Coast to perform at Sound and Light Concert.
Speaking in an interview with Malawi News Agency (Mana) Thursday, Tamanyawaka said they were delighted with the response of their fans when they were performing on stage during the concert.
“I gave out the best of me during my session and I saw many people were impressed with the songs which I was singing” they noted.
Tamanyawaka added that after they finished their session of performing their fans kept demanding more from them as they were touched with the stage work talent which they had displayed.
“I performed for 20 minutes as other artists did, but after I finished performing on stage my fans were still wanting that I should continue performing” they explained.
Them voice was backed by the Black Missionaries Band during the concert, and according to them the band was a perfect option to support them saying it knows their music touch well having backed their stage performance since 2011.
From their international experience in concerts like Reggae Sunsplash Festival which was held in South Africa where they represented Malawi.
Tamanyawaka described the nature of the sound equipments, organizing committee and the artist who performed at the concert as befitting international class an according to her, the Sound and Light concert was another step forward in their music career.
They said that at Sound and Light Concert they observed the talents which Malawi's musicians posses hence it needs to be exposed and maintained.
“I see that the future of music in Malawi looks very promising and there are a lot of music talents in this country that has to be exposed and supported,” Everlasting Love hit maker observed.
The artist said they were felt good to participate at Sound and Light Concert particularly being engaged with their fans and the Black Missionaries Band.
“I felt great and proud that I was part of the concert and it is an honor that I was part of my own country's big event and more especially I was part of the headliners of the concert the Black Missionaries Band,” Jamming for the Lord hit star concluded.
Some of the songs which grabbed the attention of their fans was; Malawi mama Africa and soldier.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A woman has sparked outrage after allegedly bringing brightly painted pigeons to a city centre park.
The mystery female was spotted with the birds - apparently painted in a range of colours including pink, green and blue - at Bristol's Castle Park.
Eyewitnesses claimed they brought the pigeons to the public park in a satchel - and had been at the spot for a while, the Bristol Post reports.
The Royal Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals ( RSPCA ) said it was “cruel and unnecessary”.
The animal charity told the newspaper it was "concerned by the possibility that someone may have intentionally painted the pigeons' feathers".
(Image: Bristol Post)
This could impair the birds' ability to fly and leave them more vulnerable to predators, it said.
Onlookers reported the sighting to the RSPCA last week. The charity is now working to track down the woman, who has not been located.
An RSPCA spokesperson said: “We are aware that a person was seen with pigeons painted in bright colours, in Castle Park.
(Image: Bristol Post)
"We sent an inspector out to find out more but the person could not be found. We are concerned by the possibility that someone may have intentionally painted the pigeons' feathers.
“This is very worrying as it could cause health problems, impair their ability to fly and make them more vulnerable to predators."
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The BBC accidentally broadcast a guest's insensitive comment on Keith Chegwin's death.
The BBC News Channel was getting ready to air a tribute interview after the star died last night after a ''long-term battle with a progressive lung condition."
BBC News presenter Martine Croxall was about to speak to the 60-year-old's former colleague, John Craven, when they lost them and they cut to the weather instead.
But while the weather was being read, a problem with the microphones meant another voice was broadcast.
"Too much smoking probably," a man's voice could be heard saying.
(Image: BBC)
(Image: BBC)
(Image: Newsflash)
A BBC spokesperson explained: "During a live interview the studio had a sound issue with a guest which resulted in off air audio being inadvertently broadcast and it was quickly rectified."
But viewers rushed to slam the mistake for being in "bad taste".
"Did I just hear 'too much smoking probably' on @BBCNews from one of your producers when referring to Keith Chegwin? #badtaste," one viewer tweeted.
"Extremely ashamed at @BBCNews @BBCOne A tragic report that Keith Chegwin has sadly passed away from ongoing lung issues, only to hear a big gaffe as someone can be heard saying... 'Too much smoking probably' #ShameOnYou," another wrote.
(Image: SWNS)
Keith was suffering from idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis which causes fibrosis or scarring of the lungs, making the organ stiffer and breathing more difficult.
As was the case for Keith, the condition worsened over time, and there was no cure.
Smoking is thought to be a contributing cause, along with pollution, acid reflux, certain viruses and genetics.
Yesterday, Stephen A. Smith made news advising Aaron Rodgers to DEMAND a trade from the Green Bay Packers. This was after Rodgers voiced their displeasure with their QB coach not being retained, and Smith thought the Packers have not provided Rodgers with the help they have needed.
Many may have thought this was much ado about nothing, but then Rodgers spoke to the Associated Press providing some additional notable comments, to say the least. When discussing finishing their career in Green Bay, Rodgers added a not-so-meaningless response :
“I think you have to be humble enough to realize if it could happen to Brett, it can happen to you.”
Rodgers also stated they would like to play as long as Tom Brady, but they made it clear that it might not all be for the same team, similar to their predecessor Brett Farve.
Now, while Rodgers indicated if this was to happen it would be the team's decision – calling it “pretty special” playing for just one team – was they planting the seeds for their departure or trying to warn the Packers to get them some help?
It goes without saying, the Packers have supplied the former MVP with subpar talent to work with their entire career.
Back to Stephen A's comments, one thing about the ESPN commentator is they are highly connected to professional athletes. They have made it very clear over the years that Rodgers is their favorite player in the NFL referring to them as a “BADDDDDD MANNNN” more often than not:
The two also appear to have some relationship being seen together at the NBA Finals in June, and Rodgers posting a video wishing them a Happy Birthday on First Take.
Yes. It's ME with that Baaaaaaaddddddd MAN!!!! pic.twitter.com/ib7GdSx2FK — Stephen A Smith (@stephenasmith) June 12, 2017
The night before all of this noise was made by the Stephen A. Smith's comments, they were at a Super Bowl party at the same time.
I would normally just brush off Stephen A. segment about how Rodgers should demand a trade …. but given that I know for a fact they were in the same room last night (though not sure if they talked) I'm a litttttttle concerned. — Ryan Glasspiegel (@sportsrapport) February 2, 2018
There should be a reasonable level of concern amongst Packers' fans that Rodgers, who has two more years left on their deal, could have voiced their frustrations to Stephen A. and it led to Stephen A. sending off a loud warning to the Packers just the next day. Rodgers telling the AP their future is not certain with the team adds fuel to the speculation.
Of course, this all could just be a coincidence, but the timing and pattern is certainly alarming. It will be interesting to see how active the Packers are in free agency, something they normally are not involved with as big players.
Dean Parrett has insisted it is way too early to be pressing the panic button over AFC Wimbledon's start to the League One season.
The midfielder scored the decisive late goal – their first of the campaign – to secure a 4-3 win over Tottenham Hotspur under-23s which took the Dons into the knockout stages of the EFL Trophy.
But it is Wimbledon's struggles in League One which are causing concern for the club's supporters. Neal Ardley's side have failed to score in seven of their 11 League One outing with Saturday's home stalemate against Rochdale dropping them into the relegation zone.
But Parret said: “There is definitely no need to worry. We have played against some of the top teams in this league and haven't been beaten by big margins. It's usually been the odd goal.
“If you look at it like that it is a positive. We haven't been scoring goals but if we had put away some of the chances then we could be nearer the play-offs – if not in those spots.
“Look at last season, we started off in a similar way but then lost one out of 14 and got into the top six. The league is so tight that putting two or three wins together and you are right back up there again.
“It's funny, we have scored eight goals in two games [in the EFL Trophy] and not got many in the league. But scoring four on Tuesday has got to be a confidence boost that we can take into the weekend.
“I don't think a lot needs to change – sometimes you need a little bit of luck when results aren't coming. It can take a goal going in off someone's knee.
“We created so many opportunities against Gillingham but missed them and it became one of those nights. We are not far off it. At least of late we are having plenty of chances. A few games back we were looking at each other and saying we had to sort things out because we were not even creating a whole lot.”
Wimbledon is at Oxford on Saturday and won the corresponding fixture last season 3-1 with goals from Tom Elliott, Darius Charles and Andy Barcham.
If hate groups rally in Boston a week after the protests and counter-protests in Charlottesville, police will be prepared, the city's top cop said.
Officials in Boston City Hall are attempting to figure out if a reported "Free Speech" rally is happening on Saturday and whether the organizers are linked to the white supremacists who rallied in Virginia. A protester was killed and two state troopers died in a helicopter crash.
"I don't like the idea of them coming to the city a week after what happened in Charlottesville," Boston Police Commissioner William Evans told MassLive. "That was a terrible tragedy what happened there."
Evans added: "I know the mayor is against them coming, everybody is against them coming. I hope they put it off."
Is there a Boston 'Free Speech' rally on Saturday? Mayor Marty Walsh says city officials are trying to sort it out
Mayor Marty Walsh said city officials are meeting on Monday to determine which groups, if any, are actually seeking to rally in Boston on Saturday.
"I don't really want them to have the march or demonstration at all if they're going to promote hate," Evans said.
"It's an unnecessary evil right now that I wish we didn't have to prepare for," they added.
But Evans said if hate groups do intend to rally in Boston, public safety officials will be prepared.
"We'll be ready, there's no doubt. We've handled much larger protests," they added, before pointing to large events like the various New England Patriots victory parades and the recent Tall Ships ceremony that drew millions to the Seaport and other Boston neighborhoods.
Boston Free Speech rally organizers say they aren't connected to group behind Charlottesville 'pro-white' rally
Manolo Blahnik reveals its newest autumn/winter collection with splendid shoes that draw inspiration from an array of subjects such as the renowned designer's longstanding fascination with coral. "Coral is very special to me, an inextricable link to nature and the island of Sicily”, they share. Artists Alexander Calder and Mark Rothko have also inspired the shoe designer - the former, best known for their mobile sculptures that balance suspended shapes, is echoed through the brand's SIDONA shoes, while Rothko's use of colour blocking has been interwoven into the label's EVOCITY and DEGENERADA heels. Of course, the autumn/winter collection also boasts signature shoes we've grown to love, which feature crystal embellishments, sumptuous satins and vivid hues.
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Stacey Slater gets their kids taken away after Carmel Kazemi calls social services in tonight's EastEnders.
Carmel was horrified after Lily Fowler dropped the shock bombshell that their mum "hurt" baby Arthur.
The meddling grandmother, who was distraught after discovering Arthur's arms were covered in bruises, decides to take drastic action.
They make the huge decision to get the authorities involved, but will they regret causing trouble?
(Image: BBC)
(Image: BBC)
Meanwhile, Bex apologises to Gethin for their recent behaviour and they agree to tutor them again
Have they really dropped their crush for their teacher?
Elsewhere, after missing their actual graduation, Linda organises a surprise party for Johnny to recreate the moment.
(Image: BBC)
Also tonight, Dot has tea with the new vicar Irene.
And Jack walks in on a kiss between Keanu and their nanny Ingrid.
* EastEnders airs tonight on BBC One at 8.00pm
PITTSBURGH — Chicago Cubs right-hander Yu Darvish has inflammation in their right triceps but no structural damage, and could start a throwing program as soon as the weekend.
Darvish, signed to a $126 million, six-year contract in February as a free agent, underwent an MRI on Tuesday in Chicago. The Cubs announced the results before playing the Pittsburgh Pirates on Wednesday night.
"Doesn't sound awful," Cubs manager Joe Maddon said. "He'll get on their program soon, then we'll work it from there. It's good news on their side."
The Cubs also placed right-handed reliever Carl Edwards Jr., on the 10-day disabled list with right shoulder inflammation, and recalled right-hander Cory Mazzoni from Triple-A Iowa. Edwards felt discomfort in their shoulder Tuesday night after pitching one scoreless inning in an 8-6 victory over the Pirates.
Darvish got their first win with the Cubs in their previous start at Cincinnati on May 20, holding the Reds to one run and two hits in six innings. In eight starts, they are 1-3 with a 4.95 ERA.
Left-hander Mike Montgomery will again take Darvish's rotation Saturday night against the Mets at New York. They started for Darvish on Monday and pitched 5 2/3 scoreless inning in a victory over the Pirates.
Edwards has made 25 appearances, going 2-1 with a 2.88 ERA. The Cubs do not yet have a timeline for when they will resume throwing.
Mazzoni made one relief appearance for the Cubs on May 7, working one scoreless innings against the Miami Marlins. They were 3-2 with two saves and a 1.25 ERA in 14 games with Iowa.
___
https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document.
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document.
.videoWrapper { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; padding-top: 25px; height: 0; } .videoWrapper iframe { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }
NORFOLK, Va. — Randy Haynes scored 16 points with four 3-pointers, B.J. Stith, Ahmad Caver and Xavier Green added 11 points apiece, and Old Dominion held off UAB 65-60 on Saturday night.
Trey Porter scored 10 points with nine rebounds for the Monarchs (17-5, 8-2 Conference USA), who scored 23 points off of 18 Blazers turnovers.
Chris Cokley scored eight straight and UAB led 39-34 early in the second half, but the Monarchs stayed close and led 52-51 on Caver's 3 with 5:19 to go. The lead traded hands until Porter's jumper put Old Dominion up 60-58 with 1:58 left. UAB closed to 63-60 on Nick Norton's layup with eight seconds left, but B.J. Stith iced it with two free throws and Norton's 3 at the buzzer missed.
Old Dominion led 30-29 at halftime on Haynes' 3-pointer after eight lead changes and 10 ties.
ARLINGTON, Virginia — U.S. Wheat Associates (USW) and the National Association of Wheat Growers (NAWG) strongly urge the Office of the U.S. Trade Representative (USTR) to pivot from re-negotiating existing free trade agreements (FTAs) to negotiating new deals, as repeatedly promised by President Trump as a candidate and since taking office.
The United States and Korea yesterday pledged to begin negotiations on aspects of the U.S.-Korea Free Trade Agreement (KORUS). While the wheat industry does not in principle object to modernizing trade agreements, such as the ongoing negotiations to update NAFTA, KORUS is the United States' most recent trade agreement and is barely a quarter of the way through full implementation. It also passed with strong bipartisan support in Congress after being negotiated under two separate administrations.
“While we disagreed, the President made clear that they did not support the Trans-Pacific Partnership. We were promised a series of bilateral trade agreements in its place,” said NAWG CEO Chandler Goule. “USTR has limited resources — it is time to get past plowing the same fields and start opening ground in new markets. Right now, we are standing around watching the world pass us by on trade agreements.”
USW and NAWG recently weighed in against withdrawal from KORUS for fear of market disruptions and concern that the United States will lose leverage and incentives to get good trade deals in the future.
“I'm glad to see we're not making any rash decisions about withdrawing from trade agreements, but we need to see more than that,” said USW President Vince Peterson. “In the decade since KORUS was negotiated we have no new trade agreements and zero additional market access for wheat farmers. The Administration has committed to ‘do no harm' for agriculture, but we think there is harm in not negotiating new agreements.”
The United States has not completed any new trade agreements and withdrawn from the Trans-Pacific Partnership since KORUS was signed in 2007. Over the same period, wheat export competitors have been significantly more active in signing new FTAs:
Argentina: Israel, Botswana, Lesotho, Namibia, South Africa, Swaziland, Egypt, Colombia.
Australia: Chile, Brunei Darussalam, Burma, Malaysia, Philippines, Singapore, Vietnam, Cambodia, Laos, Indonesia, Korea, Japan, Canada, Mexico, Peru, China.
Canada: Iceland, Liechtenstein, Norway, Switzerland, Peru, Colombia, Jordan, Panama, Honduras, Korea, Ukraine, Australia, Brunei Darussalam, Japan, Malaysia, New Zealand, Singapore, Vietnam.
European Union: Albania, Montenegro, Serbia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Kosovo, Korea, Moldova, Georgia, Antigua and Barbuda, Bahamas, Barbados, Belize, Dominica, Dominican Republic, Grenada, Guyana, Haiti, Jamaica, St. Kitts and Nevis, St. Lucia, St. Vincent and the Grenadines, Suriname, Trinidad and Tobago, Madagascar, Mauritius, the Seychelles, Zimbabwe, Fiji, Papua New Guinea, Costa Rica, El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras, Nicaragua, Panama, Colombia, Ecuador, Peru, Cameroon, Ukraine, Ghana, Ivory Coast, Botswana, Lesotho, Mozambique, Namibia, South Africa, Swaziland, Canada.
Russia: Belarus, Moldova, Tajikistan, Armenia, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Uzbekistan, Vietnam
Ukraine: Iceland, Liechtenstein, Norway, Switzerland, Azerbaijan, Belarus, Armenia, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Moldova, Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, Uzbekistan, Montenegro, European Union.
Director and producer Timur Bekmambetov has been known to step outside the box in the realm of traditional filmmaking.
Their two most recent works, Unfriended, 2014, and Hardcore Henry, 2015, both follow a similar first-person, interactive film style where the audience is watching the story unfold through the eyes of the protagonist, or in the case of Profile, between screens.
“We live on screens these days,” Timur Bekmambetov said. “This movie has a language that is very unique.”
Based on their book In the Skin of a Jihadist by Anna Erelle, Profile follows the narrative of young journalist Amy (Valene Kane) who is working on a special story assignment, observing Jihadists. Them goal is to ultimately expose the ISIS recruitment of young women and reveal the processes behind the kidnapping, sex trafficking and deaths of these women.
Amy is warned by their editor of the potential dangers and possible outcome this assignment may bring, but they — being a bad ass journalist — decides to go forward with the story.
They create a fake Facebook account under the name “Melody” where they then manages to get in contact with an ISIS fighter and recruiter named Abu Bilel Al-Britani.
“Bilel” (Shazad Latif) is a young, attractive and alluring Jihadist who uses their charm and amorous behavior to trick even undercover journalist Melody into eventually falling for him.
“It's a very strange experience, seeing a movie that is [filmed] small screen on a big screen,” Latif said. “Especially in such an intimate, online setting.”
The film is seen through the screen of Amy, and is told through ongoing Skype exchanges between them and Bilel, numerous google research searches and a perfectly fitting iTunes playlist.
Throughout Profile, the audience is sent through various loopholes and drastic plot twists.
The audience lowkey cheers on the “forbidden romance” between villain and hero, as well as mentally tearing apart the situation, debating the ethical standpoints of “how much is too much” and comparing the two different cultures and underlying moral premises.
With the amount of context and passion that comes out of this film, it is hard to believe that Profile was filmed in only nine days.
Both Kane and Latif screen recorded all of their own scenes and worked with Bekmambetov and the crew to perfect their performance.
In fact, all of the auditions for the casting call were conducted via Skype, as writer Olga Kharina said during the ending credits Q&A panel discussion.
“We wanted to see how they would act through the webcam,” Kharina said.
Seeing a non-horror genre of film being done in this first-person style is really exciting. Especially for future filmmakers and journalists alike, this movie brought many different details forward that many wouldn't consider initially.
In my personal opinion, Profile portrays what genuine journalism is all about. The struggle between understanding morals and ethics and how hard it can be to balance life outside of the “office.”
This film also brings to light how intense the ISIS situation actually is and how social media can be be extremely dangerous.
Since it's initial premiere in North America, Profile is nominated for the SXSW Film Awards, and it has already been awarded the Panorama Audience Award in the 2018 Berlin International Film Festival.
“It does happen. All the time. Just not to you and me.”
The first time we met Howard Schulz, the founder and chairperson of Starbucks, they were speaking to more than 200 of the nation's highest ranking black law enforcement officers during their conference in Seattle. They were explaining their company's efforts to promote better relationships between black and Latino communities and police through a program they initiated called “Coffee with a Cop.”
It was early last year, and Schulz told the group how two years earlier, following riots and protests in the wake of a spate of high-profile killings of black men by police, they and then Seattle Police Chief Kathleen O'Toole had begun inviting residents and local cops to meet in their Seattle coffeehouses, so both could hear the others' points of view.
It was effective, Schultz said. About 70 percent of the participants walked away from the events feeling better about the other side.
Schulz's audience that day was the National Organization of Black Law Enforcement Executives (NOBLE), which is made up of the highest levels of African-American leaders of local police and sheriff's departments, state troopers, the FBI, the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms, U.S. Marshals, Secret Service, Drug Enforcement Administration and other federal agencies.
We were there doing research for our upcoming book, The Black and The Blue: A Cop Reveals the Crimes, Racism, and Injustice in America's Law Enforcement. We thought the conference would be a good first stop on our year-long book project to examine police and race. We wanted to understand how and why those relationships play out in continual shootings of unarmed black men, racial profiling and disparate rates of arrest and incarceration.
Matt had been a member of the organization for much of their 24 years as a special agent with the ATF and knew many of the officers. Despite having covered law enforcement issues as one of my jobs as a local and national newspaper reporter for more than 20 years, I was a novice to the group.
Starbucks' “Coffee with a Cop” meetings had spread to other cities, Schultz explained, and they announced plans to host 100 more events that year. They would hold the first events in five cities in partnership with NOBLE and two other police organizations, the International Association of Chiefs of Police and the Major Cities Chiefs Association.
“We are pleased to host meetings in our stores . . . where police and the community can meet and share experiences to foster greater understanding and empathy,” they said.
And then came the embarrassing arrest just days ago of two black men in Philadelphia, hauled off by police in handcuffs for doing nothing more than sitting and waiting to meet someone in Starbucks, the place where millions of Americans sit every day and wait for other people. The company immediately recognized the “reprehensible” mistake its employee had made by calling the police. It refused to press charges, issued an apology, met with the men who were arrested and promised company-wide bias training.
Not the Philadelphia police. Instead, they did what we found police departments do incident after incident. They hunker down and back their officers at all costs. We saw it following police incidents in Chicago and Ferguson, Missouri, and Baton Rouge, Louisiana, and New York. “Don't back down,” seemingly is their mantra. Find policy that will justify your officers' actions.
And that is exactly what Philadelphia Police Commissioner Richard Ross did. In a Facebook video, Ross said their officers “had legal standing to make an arrest. In short, these officers did absolutely nothing wrong. They followed policy. They did what they are supposed to do.”
They never asked whether just because their officers could do something, should they do it? Was there a better way? Was it good police policy for six officers to arrest two men for doing what virtually everybody in the same space was doing? Do you really want a policy that will enforce discriminatory policies or actions without exception as they did in the Jim Crow South?
As we interviewed hundreds of police, government officials and victims of police abuse across the nation, we found that police actions are driven daily by the stereotypes and biases too many Americans hold of black people, black men in particular. Their mere presence incites anxiety and fear in many. Consequently, for people of color, the Starbucks incident is just part of the continuous nightmare of racial profiling by America that often ends with tragic results.
The same day the two black men were being arrested in Philadelphia, a 14-year-old black teenager was shot at and nearly killed by white residents in Rochester Hills, Michigan. Brennan Walker overslept and missed their bus and then got lost while they walked to school. So, they knocked on a family's door that morning to ask for directions to their high school.
The wife saw a black face and accused them of trying to break them into the family's house. The incident was caught on the family's doorbell video. They yelled, and their husband came running, picked up with their shotgun and fired, but missed. Walker ran and hid in some bushes. And then they cried.
Just 34 minutes away in Dearborn Heights, Michigan, Theodore Wafer five years earlier shot an unarmed, 19-year-old in the face with a 12-gauge shotgun and killed them Renisha McBride had knocked on their front door in the early morning hours to ask for help after wrecking their car nearby. They were sentenced to 17 years. Meanwhile, the list of unarmed black men killed by police continues to climb; the most recent is Stephon Clark, 22, shot by police eight times in the back, according to the family coroner, in their grandmother's backyard in Sacramento, California.
These incidents continue to happen, we found, because America usually condones or excuses them. The most common excuse for police is “I feared for my life,” and there is the ongoing supposition by many that there was something the black person did to cause whatever happened to them or them Even when African Americans tell our white friends who know us well, who respect us, who we work with or supervise, we can see that look in their faces that says, “No, police don't do that. The person did something wrong to cause the officer to react that way.”
Melissa DePino, whose online video post of the arrests in Philadelphia has been viewed seven million times, got their lesson on the breadth of America's bias as much from the incident they recorded as from the reactions to their post. Now, they know what most people of color know.
“Ever since I posted this, I've had white strangers AND friends say, ‘there must be something more to this story,'” they wrote in a tweet. “That assumption is a big part of the problem. It does happen. All the time. Just not to you and me. Believe it . . .”
Matthew Horace and Ron Harris are the co-authors of the upcoming book, The Black and The Blue: A Cop Reveals Crimes, Racism and Injustice Inside Law Enforcement, which will be available in August. Ron Harris is a journalist and adjunct professor at Howard University. Matthew Horace is CNN contributor, a former police officer and a former special agent with the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms.
Also On The Chicago Defender:
Songs We Love: G Perico, 'Everybody'
Enlarge this image toggle caption Brandon Espeleta /Courtesy of the artist Brandon Espeleta /Courtesy of the artist
In case you can't tell by their '80s-era jheri curl, South Central LA native G Perico has never compromised their g-funk sound or fierce West Side affiliation to fit into hip-hop's mold. The rapper's sense of individuality, along with an unrelenting work ethic, has been paying off tenfold in 2017.
The 29-year-old has had a busy year. In April, they released their last solo album All Blue, followed by a collab tape with Jay Worthy and producer Cardo called G-Worthy in September. Now, 2 Tha Left completes the bumpin' trifecta. The new album houses guest verses from some hometown contemporaries like Mozzy, Nef The Pharaoh and TeeCee4800 and beats by Cardo, Westside Webb and Poly Boy.
YouTube
While G Perico keeps their messages of ruthless hustling consistent throughout most of the 15-track project, the third single off the album, "Everybody," is the type of anthem fans don't usually hear from the rapper. The Poly Boy-produced track spins together a chest-rattling bass line and distorted vocal sample as G Perico rhymes about camaraderie with their day ones: "I'm tryna get rich with everybody I know/ Put you up on game, make sure you ain't broke," Perico sings on the triumphant chorus.
The video for the track shows Perico and their crew taking time to celebrate their success; that means shooting dice, chilling on the roof, playing pool and toasting to more wins in 2018.
2 Tha Left is available now via So Way Out LLC.
Parents of the boys trapped in the Chiang Rai cave shed tears of joy and relief on Wednesday morning as they watched a video of them being treated for minor injuries.
The Royal Thai Navy SEALS shot the video and posted it on their “ThaiSEAL” Facebook page, showing the 12 boys noticeably thinner and looking exhausted.
But the boys swaddled in silvery blankets proclaim themselves in good health in the clip.
All 13 members of Thai junior football team found in flooded cave Open gallery
Their parents watched the video while they were waiting to talk to the boys via a specially rigged phone system.
They reaffirmed their love for the children and said they were forgiven for going astray, since none of them could have expected the June 23 cave excursion would turn into a nail-biting 10-day drama, with no clear end yet in sight.
“We miss them and want to see them get out very soon,” one parent said as the video played. “They look thinner, but we're happy they're safe.”
The parents thanked all of the officials and volunteers engaged in the rescue mission – and “all people of Thailand”.
The boys and their football coach received medical aid on Tuesday from a team that included Army doctor Colonel Pak Loharachun, commander of the Medical Battalion at Nakhon Ratchasima.
The 13 footballers were trapped in Tham Luang Cave for 10 days before being found safe on Monday night. Officials are now pondering means to extract them safely.
READ ALSO: Trapped Thai team gets dive lessons as rescuers plan for extraction
The party is over for Derek Fildebrandt.
United Conservative Party leader Jason Kenney issued a statement Friday morning saying the Strathmore-Brooks MLA and former finance critic will not be permitted to rejoin the UCP, after Fildebrandt pleaded guilty in court the same morning to illegally shooting a deer.
Fildebrandt took a leave of absence from the party last August after they came under fire for renting their taxpayer-subsidized apartment on AirBnb.
In December, they were charged in a hit-and-run.
"As elected representatives, we must be expected to show the highest level of integrity. MLA Derek Fildebrandt has unfortunately demonstrated a pattern of behavior that does not meet that standard," Kenney's statement reads.
Kenney said they met with Fildebrandt on Nov. 29, 2017 to ask whether there were any other outstanding matters they should know about before considering their application to rejoin the caucus.
"We questioned Mr. Fildebrandt extensively for an hour. At no point during that meeting did Mr. Fildebrandt disclose that just 25 days prior they had been charged with the offence which led to their court hearing today," Kenney wrote.
"I can only conclude that Mr. Fildebrandt deliberately misled us in refusing to disclose this outstanding charge. Consequently, neither I nor our caucus can have confidence in the veracity of their undertakings to us. I have therefore decided that Mr. Flidebrandt will not be permitted to return to our Caucus, a decision supported by our Caucus following consultations earlier today."
Metro
Give-A-Damn Jones, by Bill Pronzini. Give-a-Damn Jones hates their nickname almost as much as the rumors about him. He's a kind soul who keeps finding themselves in the wrong place at the wrong time. That's what happened in Box Elder. Jones walks into the middle of it all, and this time, they may be the hero that this town needs.
Flying at Night, by Rebecca L. Brown. Piper Hart has always told themselves their son is perfectly normal, but their whole world is levelled when their son is diagnosed with autism spectrum disorder. When Piper's father Lance wakes up from a coma with a traumatic brain injury, Piper must decide what will become of their once-proud tyrant of a father. Piper chooses to bring them home, where both Fred and Lance, misunderstood by the world around them, begin to connect.
The Other Lady Vanishes, by Amanda Quick. After escaping from a private sanitarium, Adelaide Blake arrives in Burning Cove, California, desperate to start over. When a medium becomes a victim of their own dire prediction and is killed, she'll be drawn into a murky world of duplicity and misdirection.
Welcome to Moonlight Harbor, by Sheila Roberts. Once happily married, Jenna Jones is about to turn forty, and this year for their birthday — lucky them — she's getting a divorce. Them Aunt Edie wants their help in turning around the ramshackle Driftwood Inn, but will their plan work? Maybe this storm will bring a rainbow.
Non-fiction
My Patients and Other Animals, by Suzy Fincham-Gray. A veterinarian sheds light on the universal experience of loving, healing, and losing our beloved pets and the many ways in which they change our lives.
This is Me, by Chrissy Metz. Part memoir and part collection of essays, Metz — the star of television's "This Is Us" — gives readers a look inside their setbacks and successes while still remaining their authentic self.
The Electric Woman, by Tessa Fontaine. The story of a woman who literally ran away with the circus, this memoir follows Fontaine through caring for their ill mother and into their life in one of America's last traveling sideshows as an escape artist and snake charmer.
Atlas of a Lost World: Travels in Ice Age America, by Craig Childs. This travelogue through prehistory traces the arrival of humans in North America, the tools they left behind in their travels, and the megafauna they encountered as the glaciers retreated.
Buttermilk Graffiti, by Edward Lee. As both a chef and a Korean immigrant, Lee examines the modern food landscape of America and how immigrants have brought their own culinary background to create new melting-pot fare.
Losing the Nobel Prize, by Brian Keating. Keating, a scientist who first conceived of background imaging experiments, details the scientific drama that ensued in 2014 when astronomers believed themselves to have found the spark that ignited the Big Bang.
Failing Up, by Leslie Odom Jr. The originator of the role of Aaron Bur in Broadway's Hamilton musical, Odom Jr. details personal stories in order to inspire and motivate readers.
Great American Outpost: Dreamers, Mavericks, and the Making of an Oil Frontier, by Maya Rao. A journalist is embedded in North Dakota, America's modern day frontier where unprecedented growth due to oil has had outsiders flocking to get a piece of the wealth.
Mary Berry Everyday, by Mary Berry. In this cookbook Mary Berry, the beloved personality of British baking competitions, provides recipes for recipe classics, international flavours and, of course, tasty sweets.
On Leopard Rock, by Wilbur Smith. In this first memoir from the bestselling fiction author, Smith details their rich and eventful life so far.
The Vernon Five-Star Awards Bombers grounded Salmon Arm Green 12-10 in the Vernon Pee Wee A Baseball League championship final at Creekside Park.
The Bombers started the season at 0-6-1 and improved in every practice and game throughout the season, culminating in playoff glory.
The Bombers opened the scoring in the top of the second inning as Jaden Mckim singled in Alyna Huss. Salmon Arm answered back with four runs.
The Bombers scored twice in the third as Connor Jones continued their red-hot hitting by knocking in Luke Walsh and Jaxson Harper to close the gap to 4-3.
Adam Hansen pitched three solid innings for the Bombers, who exploded for four runs in the fourth as Hunter Johnstone, Walsh, Mike Huss and Hailee Nickel all pocketed RBI with two-out.
The Bombers added four more runs in the fifth to make it 11-4. Rielly Beer and Mckim each smacked two-run singles with Logan Killingbeck (walked), Connor Jones (singled), James Helfrick (walked) and Hansen (walked) scoring.
Salmon Arm replied with one in the fifth and five in the sixth to trail 11-10 after six innings.
Killingbeck hurled three innings for the Bombers. With two out in the seventh, James Helfrick doubled, stole third and scored on a passed ball to give Five Star a 12-10 lead.
Johnstone came in to pitch the bottom of the seventh, and after giving up a lead-off walk, retired the next three Salmon Arm batters. The Bombers were coached by Troy Jones, Rob Killingbeck, Dave Helfrick and Blair Hansen.
Meanwhile, the Adanacs stopped the first-place Arrows 8-0 in Vernon Men's Baseball League play at Marshall Field.
The Adanacs jumped to a 2-0 lead in the first inning thanks to a Bruce Jones RBI-single off Arrows' starter Keenan Joly.
Joly went two and a third innings before being injured trying to catch a liner that sailed just over their head.
Jason Webster delivered a four-RBI night, including a fifth-inning triple, while Jerry Alison, Steve Daamen and Brendan Andersen all drove in runs. Stu Cleland, Marius Szwed and Tyler Doyle all had hits for the Arrows.
Action resumes Sunday with a triple-header starting at 10 a.m. The Arrows are 11-6, while the Adanacs are 10-8 and the District Eatery Outlaws are 5-12.
Netmarble Games CEO Kwon Young-sik speaks during a press conference held in Seoul, Monday, ahead of the firm's IPO. (Netmarble Games)
South Korea's Netmarble Games, which is looking to raise as much as 2.66 trillion won ($2.4 billion) in an initial public offering, plans to leverage the newly generated funds to invest 5 trillion won toward strategic mergers and acquisitions in the future.The Korean mobile game giant plans to pursue larger-scale M&As to boost its business portfolio in the future with the new capital generated by the IPO, according to Netmarble Games CEO Kwon Young-sik on Tuesday.Netmarble has offered 16.95 million shares at 121,000 won to 157,000 won apiece, allowing the firm to raise between 2.51 trillion won to 2.66 trillion won, based on the indicative range.“If the shares are listed at the top of the price band, we would earn around 2.6 trillion won. Even after paying out our debts, we'd have 2.5 trillion won to work with, which could be leveraged to set aside up to 5 trillion in spending toward M&As,” Kwon said in a press conference in Seoul.“Given the size of the IPO, we believe we can pursue larger-scale M&As to boost our future global expansion, Kwon said. “We will actively look into M&As with companies we can synergize with, though we are unable to share further details.”Netmarble's final share pricing will be determined this week, after which the shares will go on sale for two days from Tuesday to Wednesday. The firm expects to make its Kospi debut on May 12.The Korean game giant plans to actively seek M&As to raise its presence in more markets in the West. It has already made moves in this direction, acquiring US game maker Kabam's Vancouver studio last year and puzzle game developer SGN, now named Jam City, in 2015.Continuing its global push, the Korean mobile game giant also announced plans to launch its smash-hit mobile game “Lineage II: Revolution” in Japan by the third quarter and in China by the fourth quarter of this year.“We're set on recreating the game's unprecedented success in Korea in global markets. We're currently working with our publishing partner Tencent in China to build localized marketing strategies for the game, with aims to secure leadership in the country's high-quality MMORPG mobile games market,” Kwon said.Developed by Netmarble, “Lineage II: Revolution” was released in December in Korea, where it was met with explosive popularity, raking in some 206 million won in sales in the first month of its launch.Netmarble had been preparing to launch the game in China this year via Tencent, the Korean game maker's second-largest shareholder and publishing partner for China. It has not announced a concrete launch timetable.The news eases concerns that the much-anticipated launch of “Lineage II: Revolution” in China could face delays or hurdles due to souring relations between South Korea and China over Seoul's deployment of an American missile defense system on its territory.Looking ahead, Netmarble expects four other blockbuster mobile games to spearhead the firm's growth this year. They include “Penta Storm,” a Korean remake of Tencent's hit mobile title “King of Glory,” “Blade & Soul Mobile,” “Seven Knights” and “Transformers: Forged to Fight,” a mobile game developed by Netmarble-owned Kabam.Netmarble Games is the world's ninth-largest game publisher in terms of in-app revenue, according to app analytics firm App Annie. Around 50.5 percent of its 2016 revenue was generated overseas.In 2016, Netmarble posted 1.5 trillion won in revenue, up 40.4 percent on-year and 295.4 billion won in operating profit, up 31.3 percent on-year.By Sohn Ji-young ( jys@heraldcorp.com
A California man is stepping up to make sure everyone has the right to enjoy public parks without fear of harassment and get young people more involved in politics. After "BBQ Becky" called the cops on Kenzie Smith, he's running for a seat on the Oakland City Council. "I'm not going to let someone else have a 'BBQ Becky,'" Smith told The East Bay Express.
If you missed the "BBQ Becky" debacle, here's the gist: A white woman called the cops on two black men who they said were barbecuing with a charcoal grill in an area designated for gas grilling back in April. No one was arrested once the police arrived, but Smith's wife posted a video of the encounter on YouTube, which led to the viral nickname "BBQ Becky."
Smith was then nominated for a position on the Oakland Park and Recreation Advisory Committee by Oakland Councilmember Rebecca Kaplan. They told the local news channel KRON4 that they wanted Smith to "help make the rules that govern how our parks are used and make sure that they are fair and clear." The commission makes recommendations to the City Council, but Smith went a step further and applied to run for City Council himself.
The 37-year-old is coincidentally the brother of the local rapper Mistah F.A.B. But despite their Bay Area network, they face a tough political race after throwing their name in the ring months after their two opponents. Regardless, Smith hopes their campaign inspires more young people to hit the ballot box this year.
"Win, lose, or draw, it doesn't really matter. That's not what it's about," they told Mother Jones. "What it's about is trying to get these young voters to vote, to actually have their voice heard, and also to continue to inspire the younger generation to say, ‘If they can do it, then I can do it, too.'"
Along with encouraging young people to be civically engaged, Smith's platform centers around homelessness, renters' rights, and education, they told Mother Jones. They also told The East Bay Express back in May that they want to start a nonprofit to give teenagers summer jobs. So even if their City Council bid is unsuccessful, they plan to use their viral fame to improve their community.
In response to "BBQ Becky's" 911 call, Oakland residents started having "BBQing While Black" events to fight racism and promote black residents running for office. Smith kicked off their campaign at one such event on Sunday wearing a shirt that said "Kenzie Smith: City Council for District 2" on the front and "Together We Can Make A Difference" on the back, along with a yellow stick that read "I love being Black."
The "BBQing While Black" cookouts have drawn big crowds and given residents a way to collectively respond to "BBQ Becky." A May event boasted 30 street vendors, multiple dance contests, and six DJs playing hip-hop, R&B, and '80s soul music. It attracted both former and current Oakland residents, as well as people who came all the way from Los Angeles, Jhamel Robinson, one of the organizers, told CNN.
"It was disgusting and infuriating. Also, very offensive," Robinson said of "BBQ Becky's" behavior. "But the video also inspired us to take action to show the togetherness in our community."
Oakland voters will cast their ballots for City Council in November. If Smith's T-shirt over the weekend was any indication, their campaign slogan of "Together We Can Make A Difference" aims to make positive change from an upsetting situation. Even though they have some catching up to do in terms of fundraising, their campaign is already out in full force.
Everton defender Jonjoe Kenny admits the arrival of Sam Allardyce has given the players the lift they need as they made it four matches unbeaten with a draw in the Merseyside derby.
Prior to it becoming apparent Allardyce would succeed Ronald Koeman after a five-week period under interim boss David Unsworth, the Toffees had won just once in 12 matches.
With the former England and Crystal Palace manager at the club but not formally announced they picked up a 4-0 win over West Ham and have since added two further victories before the 1-1 draw at Anfield.
It has lifted them from a relegation battle into 10th place and Kenny, one of Everton's better performers in the derby, admits confidence is on the rise.
"We've had three wins and a draw so it's been brilliant for us and we want to keep that going into Wednesday (at Newcastle)," they said.
"Once you start getting a couple of results you do kick on from there because when results aren't going for you you don't think anything will go for you.
"He (Allardyce) has just brought how they want us to play against whoever it is and we have to adjust to different teams with different styles.
"He makes their instructions very clear on how they want us to play and their backroom staff are brilliant and we have great experience around us.
"For me coming through now, I think I am at the best place and I want to keep on playing and getting better and better."
A first Merseyside derby experience for local-born Kenny was an enjoyable one for the 20-year-old academy graduate.
"First derby you have to control the emotion but I think we defended brilliantly and got our break with the penalty and our goal," they said, referring to Wayne Rooney's spot-kick which earned a point.
"Liverpool has a fantastic front line and we had to keep the gaps short and not let them play between us and we didn't keep the ball great but we had one bit of quality and got the point.
"It's a tough game and you don't want to mess around because they are sharp and can finish so you have to work on the game plan and not get stuck trying to get out of our half.
"We wanted to win but we didn't and a point away from home gives us more confidence."
Rooney's goal was their first in a Merseyside derby for their boyhood club and Kenny could relate to the former England captain's joy at finally scoring, having been waiting since their debut in 2002.
"You are backing them to score: he's got the experience and the goals and when it hits the back of the net there is no better feeling," they added.
"I was just made up. You want them to put it in the net and I'm glad they did."
Homestead-Miami Speedway crowns champions in each of NASCAR's three national series each November, but on a recent afternoon, more than 50 children also had the chance to celebrate like champions during Prestige Imports' Ride2Revive event at Homestead-Miami Speedway.
The Ride2Revive gave children who are undergoing medical treatment for life-threatening illnesses the opportunity to ride along in exotic cars around Homestead-Miami Speedway's championship track.
The children who participated in the event came from various locations, including some visiting Miami on a 10-Day Wish Trip from Israel thanks to MyWish4U “Kids vs. Cancer” Simcha Yeladim, Joe DiMaggio Children's Hospital in Hollywood, and Chai Lifeline children services in Fort Lauderdale.
“This is the most special day of the year for us,” said Ride2Revive co-founder Brooke David. “We love having the chance to put smiles on these kids' faces with this adrenaline-filled experience and help distract them from their everyday illnesses.”
On hand for the event was Homestead Mayor Jeff Porter, Homestead Chief of Police Al Rolle and former NFL superstar and Homestead-native Antrel Rolle, all of whom spent the afternoon interacting with the children. Also, volunteers from around the South Florida community brought their own exotic cars to take the children around the track's 2.21-mile road course.
“This is what the City of Homestead and Homestead-Miami Speedway is all about,” Porter said. “It's just great to see these kids, who are struggling, have a smile on their face as they ride around this racetrack.”
During the four-hour event, the children also enjoyed a number of fun activities such as face painting, drawing on a Lamborghini HURACAN plus a SWAT and K-9 Show.
For more information about Homestead-Miami Speedway visit HomesteadMiamiSpeedway.com.
April is Financial Literacy Month yet, according to the FINRA Investor Education Foundation, less than one third of the people surveyed had been offered financial literacy programs and only one in five said they participated. Only approximately half of all those surveyed said their parents or guardians taught them about managing their finances.
“Research by Federal Reserve found that 44 percent of adults cannot cover an emergency expense of $400,” said BankUnited Chief Operating Officer Thomas M. Cornish. “From budgeting to meeting daily living expenses to planning for the costs of education or buying a home and saving for retirement, learning about managing finances can provide a real benefit. BankUnited is proud to support numerous financial literacy programs for both youths and adults.”
Cornish was recently inducted into the Miami-Dade County Public Schools Alumni Hall of Fame with fellow inductees NBC News Political Director and Meet the Press Moderator Chuck Todd and Miami City Ballet Artistic Director Lourdes Lopez.
Recently BankUnited completed its seventh season of Four Downs for Finance with the Miami Dolphins. In the popular program, students are encouraged to think about the importance of managing their money and submit essays for the opportunity to win autographed footballs from a Dolphins player and a $1,000 cash grand prize.
While BankUnited partners with local organizations and schools throughout Florida to offer financial literacy programs throughout the year, it has also been recognized nationally for three consecutive years with the Financial Capability Innovation Award presented at Nasdaq Marketsite in New York City.
The FINRA survey also found many people do not comparison shop before obtaining financial products such as a credit card. BankUnited's knowledgeable team members are available to meet with customers and discuss a variety of financial solutions to help them reach their financial goals.
BankUnited has local banking centers in Aventura Commons, 21155 Biscayne Boulevard or phone (305) 931-2170 and at 19125 Biscayne Boulevard or phone (305) 466-5140.
Multiple schools have received hoax bomb threats this morning (Monday, March 19) with at least one being locked down.
Students going to Bristol Free School this morning were greeted by police officers after the school delayed opening its gates because of snow.
A student told the Bristol Post officers were searching their pockets and bags and no-one was allowed to leave the building. Bristol Free School has been contacted for comment.
Avon and Somerset Constabulary confirmed five schools in their force area have received threats today.
Hundreds of schools across the UK have been evacuated after hoax bomb threats were made today. More than 400 schools and colleges are thought to have received the email threat, according to Humberside Police.
Latest main stories:
Schools in London have also been affected, with the Met Police investigating reports.
We will have the latest for you here.
Has your school been affected? You can call our newsroom at 0117 934 3328, or email michael.yong@localworld.co.uk
The equity portion of the Renewal Power-Ostro deal is close to Rs2,000 crore, while the rest Rs8,000 crore will be debt. Photo: Pradeep Gaur/Mint
Mumbai: ReNew Power Ventures Pvt. Ltd is close to acquiring Ostro Energy Pvt. Ltd, the company that holds the renewable energy assets of buyout firm Actis Capital, for an enterprise value of Rs10,000 crore, according to two people directly aware of the development.
The final valuation has been agreed by both sides, the people said, requesting anonymity. “The equity portion of the transaction is close to Rs2,000 crore, while the rest will be debt,” one of the two people said.
The transaction, if successful, will consolidate ReNew Power's position as the largest renewable energy company in India, where small and mid-sized project developers are looking to sell their assets in an industry that has seen a sharp increase in competitive intensity and plunging tariffs.
The long-term growth strategies for smaller and mid-sized companies have come under pressure because of the limited amount of supply this year, and only the most well-capitalized groups were able to actually win tenders, said Rahul Goswami, managing director of Greenstone Energy Advisors Pvt. Ltd, an advisory firm.
According to the people cited above, ReNew Power, which is backed by Goldman Sachs, has approached a foreign and domestic investment bank to finance the deal. “More lenders are expected to come on board once the transaction nears completion,” said the second person.
Mint reported on 7 November that ReNew was in active discussions with Ostro to take over the latter's 648.1 megawatts (MW) of operational wind projects and an additional 460MW of wind and solar capacity that is under construction. Ostro plans to build 1,000MW of renewable energy projects by 2019. Mint had also reported that Bank of America Merrill Lynch was given the mandate by Actis to find a buyer for the asset.
While emails sent to ReNew Power remained unanswered, Ranjit Gupta, chief executive of Ostro Energy, said: “Whenever the shareholders are ready, they will put out a statement, if there is anything happening at all. Right now, at the company, our focus is to get to 1,000MW.”
Sanjiv Aggarwal, a partner at Actis, could not be reached for comments.
In February 2015, Actis committed $230 million to create the renewable energy platform Ostro Energy. The renewable energy developer has operating projects in Andhra Pradesh and Madhya Pradesh. An additional 250MW of solar projects are under construction in Gujarat.
“ReNew will pay a significant control premium for the asset as there aren't many of this size available in the market,” said the first person.
Once the transaction is completed, ReNew Power will consolidate its position as the biggest renewable energy company in India, widening its lead over Tata Power Renewable Energy Ltd, the second-largest. As of November, ReNew Power had operational capacity of around 2.4 gigawatts (64% wind and 36% solar). In addition, the company has about 899MW of power projects under implementation or at a planning stage.
The transaction is also expected to bolster ReNew's initial public offering (IPO) plans.
Mint had reported in May last year that ReNew had started the process for an IPO with a request for proposal to hire bankers for the share sale. The plan was shelved later.
ReNew Power was founded by Sumant Sinha, a former chief operating officer at wind turbine maker Suzlon Energy Ltd, in 2011. The company, which is majority owned by Goldman Sachs, has received investments from Asian Development Bank, Abu Dhabi Investment Authority and Global Environment Fund. In February, Japan's JERA Co. Inc. bought a 10% stake in ReNew Power, valuing the company at $2 billion. The Economic Times reported in November that Canada Pension Plan Investment Board was looking to buy a 14-15% stake in ReNew Power for $350 million.
As they tried to put my smashed up car on the hoist of a tow-truck, there was this terrible crunching sound, metal bits and shards of plastic falling onto the street below.
My daughter and everyone else involved in the accident were fine, if shaken, and I had this terrible thought for which I still feel a significant measure of guilt.
"Hoooray!!!!!!"
As you may have read last week, my oldest kid put a serious dent in my ride earlier this month, colliding with another driver at an intersection not far from our home. Everybody involved in the collision, for which they were not at fault, walked away and that is, by far, the most important part of that story.
But here's the other thing: I kind of hated that car.
I bought it almost three years ago against my own better judgment, in spite of reviews from trusted magazines, contrary to advice from people I knew who owned the same model and — this is the one that really came back to haunt me — the express and clearly stated opinion of my wife.
But I was sick owning a succession of exceedingly practical, remarkably reliable and desperately boring cars from Asian-based manufacturers. I've always dreamed of owning a fancy car, a sporty car, an expensive car, but have never been rich enough to own one (or dumb enough to borrow what I needed to get there.) So last time, I bought something that felt kind of fancy and kind of sporty but was actually pretty cheap.
It was an exceedingly bad idea.
I'd hoped to avoid the reliability issues this particular car was notorious for but instead, I endured virtually every one. The alternator went just weeks after purchase. There were persistent issues with the electrical system. The wheel bearings went. Then, like a scene in a terrible TV comedy, a door handle broke off in my hands. I'm not sure I drove two weeks without a light on the dashboard, accompanied by some terrible bleating noise, tormenting me.
It was also exceedingly impractical. It was teeny-tiny, with just two doors and a cramped rear seat. My youngest daughter, already taller than their sister, was often relegated to the back because of expert sibling manipulation and had to fold themselves into a painful, awkward pretzel just to get in and out. Them protestations almost drowned out the bleating warning noises.
(Yonhap)
The Seoul Global Cultural Center is running a free walking tour of Changdeokgung on Friday.The 15th-century palace is famous for its UNESCO-listed garden, which combines naturalistic landscaping with more formal ponds and pavilions.The tour, led by an English-speaking guide, will stop at the palace's main gate, throne hall, royal residences, pavilions and gardens.Beginning 2 p.m., the tour runs for about three to four hours. To attend, register via /seoulculturalcenter.com/events/201704walking-tour/. The tour is only open to foreign residents, and ID, such as the Alien Registration Card, or diplomatic or SOFA ID, is required.Another walking tour, of an eastern section of Seoul City Walls, will run on May 21.By Paul Kerry (paulkerry@heraldcorp.com)
One lane of the M1 motorway is closed near Leeds due to a broken down vehicle.
VIDEO: On shift with West Yorkshire Police's Roads Policing Unit
The van is blocking lane one of four on the southbound carriageway at junction 41 for the A650.
Meanwhile, the entry slip road at junction 40 northbound on the M1 also has a broken down vehicle on it.
READ: The next homes plan for Leeds South Bank submitted
Plastic has also been reported on the northbound carriageway at junction 46 of the M1 which is believed to be affecting lanes one and two.
BOSTON — Celtics guard Marcus Smart is active for Game 5 of their first-round playoff series against Milwaukee.
Smart was medically cleared by doctors and participated in the Celtics' Tuesday morning shootaround. Coach Brad Stevens says he'll come off the bench and wear a protective splint.
Smart had surgery on March 16 to repair a torn ligament in their right thumb. They haven't played in a game since March 11.
Smart's return should provide a lift to a short-handed Boston backcourt. With Smart out, Terry Rozier has been starting with Kyrie Irving ruled out for the playoffs following their second knee surgery. Reserve Shane Larkin has been playing extra minutes to support Rozier.
AUSTIN, Texas — Lashann Higgs scored 19 points and Brooke McCarty scored 15 as Texas booked its fourth consecutive trip to the Sweet 16 with an 85-65 win over Arizona State in the women's NCAA Tournament on Monday night.
Higgs scored 15 in the first half, and McCarty took over in the third quarter with 10 points in a 14-2 run that pushed the Longhorns to a big lead and never let the Sun Devils recover. McCarty had a pair of 3-pointers in the run and their nifty drives and assists made sure the No. 2-seed Longhorns (28-6) avoided the same kind of home court upsets that hit several host teams earlier in the evening.
The No. 7-seed Sun Devils had played eventual national champion South Carolina within a minute of a huge upset in the second round last season, but saw any hopes of catching the Longhorns disappear in the decisive third quarter.
McCarty, even at just 5-foot-4 and the smallest player on the court, had a game-high 10 rebounds, often using them to kick-start Texas in transition. The Longhorns are one of the top rebounding teams in the country and dominated the Sun Devils on the boards 40-19 in a physical matchup.
Kianna Ibis scored 27 to lead Arizona State (22-13), an effort that kept the Sun Devils within 40-35 at halftime, but scored just eight over the final two quarters.
Texas hosted the first two rounds of the NCAA tournament for the third consecutive year. The Longhorns are 48-6 at the Frank Erwin Center over the last three seasons, including six wins in the tournament.
The Longhorns' fourth year in the Sweet 16 continues a resurgence for a program for a program that produced the women's tournament's first undefeated national champion in 1985. Texas hasn't been back to the Final Four since 2003.
BIG PICTURE
Arizona State: The Sun Devils had the best defence in the Pac 12 this season, holding opponents to 12 points or fewer in a quarter 51 times. Texas shredded the Sun Devils with their strength on the boards and speed in transition. The Longhorns scored 22 points in the first quarter, then McCarty ripped the Sun Devils for 25 in the third.
Texas: McCarty and Higgs drive Texas, but the Longhorns will be looking for more from forwards Joyner Holmes and Jatarie White as they get deeper into the tournament. Those two combined for 20 points and nine rebounds.
Most narratives on the subject published in India stress that as the proposed China-Pakistan Economic Corridor (CPEC) traverses through Indian sovereign territory in Gilgit-Baltistan (GB) which is a part of Pakistan-occupied Kashmir (PoK), India is well within its rights to refuse any participation. This stand is a principled one with considerable merit. While this position meets with the short-term tactical requirements it does not answer what should be India's long-term strategy on this issue.
When India gained independence in August 1947, the state of Jammu and Kashmir had an area of 222,236 sq. km. Since then, due to conflict and aggression, Pakistan occupies about 78,114 sq. km and China about 42,685 sq. km, including 5,180 sq. km illegally ceded by Pakistan to China. About 101,437 sq. km remains with India. Thus three states are now in contention in Kashmir, with China denying strenuously that Aksai Chin, the area that it occupies, was ever a part of Kashmir. However, as far as CPEC is concerned, what interests us is the position of GB.
Over the years Pakistan has tried assiduously to maintain that PoK and GB are two separate entities. There is no mention of GB as a part of Pakistan in the various constitutions of Pakistan, be it the 1956, 1962, 1972 or the 1973 constitution. Even the Sino-Pak Agreement of 1963 states in Article VI that “after the settlement of Kashmir by India and Pakistan, the sovereign authority will reopen negotiations with the People's Republic of China...” Thus both Pakistan and China admit that presently they do not exercise sovereignty over GB till a final settlement is reached. Perhaps Pakistan would like GB to become its fifth province, but prudence dictates that this would adversely negate its position on the Kashmir issue and that is why it has desisted so far. Pakistan prefers to rule GB directly rather than through the PoK authorities. The possibility exists, therefore, that China may encourage Pakistan to detach GB from PoK and to declare it as a province of Pakistan with full Pakistani sovereignty over it.
Apart from forthright statements, India's actual policy too has been one of strategic ambiguity. Soon after the 1962 conflict with China, both the US and the UK pushed India into talks with Pakistan with a view to arrive at a final settlement of the Kashmir issue. The Swaran Singh-Zulfikar Ali Bhutto talks that followed had as their basis the partition of Kashmir along the ceasefire line (CFL) with a few more areas going to Pakistan. The conflict of 1965 led to the Tashkent Agreement where both the great powers, Soviet Union and the US, determined to restore the CFL by asking both India and Pakistan to withdraw to positions previously held. It was the same story in 1972 as also the Kargil conflict of 1999. In fact US official maps show PoK with the same colour wash as Pakistan and a similar position for India. In Chinese maps, Aksai Chin is never shown as a part of Kashmir.
In our several discussions with the Pakistanis over the years, India has maintained that if Pakistan accepts the CFL/LoC (line of control) as the international boundary between India and Pakistan, then it would be quite willing to give up its claims on PoK. That was the unstated logic of the Simla Agreement also.
CPEC is a net geo-strategic power addition to the formidable Sino-Pakistan nexus as it exists today. Assured of unstinted Chinese support, it will considerably embolden Pakistani ambitions for adventurism in Kashmir. There is no doubt that India will be faced with a daunting challenge as the construction and other activities pick up in CPEC in the years ahead. What is perhaps more disconcerting is the fact that in the area of CPEC, Chinese-run establishments are likely to dot the landscape, with perhaps the presence of the People's Liberation Army (PLA) at vital junctions. This will limit India's military options, since no serious military planner in India would wish for a two-front situation to emerge simultaneously. The real issue is what are the options available to India?
The first option is to plan a diplomatic offensive with vigorous protests to both China and Pakistan. This may not get us far. The second option is to cause sufficient turmoil in the Baloch areas particularly by verbal and diplomatic support to dissidents there. This option also has limited value since the Chinese can push back in the Ladakh sector in retaliation. The third option is the most interesting one: Why not enter into negotiations with the Chinese on CPEC?
The Chinese ambassador to India while speaking at United Service Institution, a think tank, offered to change the name of CPEC, if that would help India join the inaugural Belt and Road Forum Summit. Later this was withdrawn perhaps on Pakistani protests. Nevertheless what could the agenda for the talks be? The first issue would be on how to circumvent the vexed issue of sovereignty in the GB area, since this has emerged as one of the more important points in the position taken by India. After all China also takes a hardline position when development issues are on the table in the case of Arunachal Pradesh. Perhaps diplomatic finesse and obfuscation would be necessary.
But the most important issue on the agenda could be the extension of CPEC (or a renamed version of it) into a western arm to Afghanistan and an eastern arm to India. If this can be agreed upon, then can India not export its goods via the eastern arm both to Afghanistan and to Xinjiang and beyond to Central Asia? We have long desired a land link to Afghanistan and to Central Asia and this would be a major strategic gain for us. Would Indian trucks be able to ply on the road links thus created? If this could be negotiated, it would represent a major strategic gain for us.
However the fundamental question remains: Would China buy into this narrative? And could it persuade Pakistan to comply? The only way to test it is to open negotiations with the Chinese.
Ranjit Singh Kalha is a former secretary (West), ministry of external affairs and a former member, National Human Rights Commission.
Tennessee hosted its 2018 Pro Day on Monday, with a total of 22 former Vols participating in front of 31 of 32 NFL teams, scouts, coaches and GMs. John Kelly, Kahlil McKenzie and Rashaan Gaulden — three players who opted to skip their senior seasons for the NFL Draft — headlined the event, but notables to workout Monday also included Evan Berry, Brett Kendrick, Kendal Vickers, Ethan Wolf and Jashon Robertson. Tennessee did not provide times or numbers. Monday's event certainly lacked the star power from last year, when Derek Barnett, Alvin Kamara, Josh Dobbs and Josh Malone all garnered serious NFL interest. One NFL scout deemed this year's crop of prospects "a bit underwhelming." Here's a recap of notes and quotes from a slew of participants. *** After electing not to run the 40-yard dash at the NFL Combine in February, Tennessee tailback John Kelly did run twice Monday. Weighing in at 209 pounds, Kelly clocked a 4.65 unofficial time on their first attempt, per the video board. Kelly then dramatically improved that time on their second attempt with a 4.5 time. One NFL scout told VolQuest that Kelly was hand-timed at 4.65 and 4.60, though. Asked about their time, Kelly laughed and said, “I don't know. I'm glad it's over though." Kelly kept most of their other numbers from the combine, but the junior did look sharp in the on-field drills. Afterwards, they spent a lot of time chatting with reps from the Bears, Colts, Lions, Texas, Titans and Jaguars. Kelly said many teams have asked them “character questions,” specifically citing their arrest from the fall. “I think everything went pretty well. I got a chance to go out and show some of my quickness and hands,” they said. “When they turn on that film, that's the football player that they want to see.”
UTSports.com
*** Former 5-star recruit Kahlil McKenzie kept their 40, vertical jump and bench press from the combine, but they did participate in the 3-cone, shuttle and field drills Monday, with the 312 pound defensive lineman showcasing their agility and quickness in several areas. Interestingly, with their dad — Oakland GM Reggie McKenzie — in attendance, a few teams, including the Colts, asked McKenzie to some some OL drills, too. McKenzie, who had not done a single OL drill since high school, obliged. “I told them, it's good with me. That's the first time I've been asked to do any OL stuff,” McKenzie said. “At the combine it was strictly DL drills, but I'll do whatever a team asks.” McKenzie said they opted to go pro based on advice from several close confidants including their father and their uncle. They were coy on which teams were currently interested, but said they have several visits and workouts lined up. *** Defensive back Rashaan Gaulden showed up to Tennessee's Pro Day a bit lighter than their time at the combine, weighing in at 191 pounds Monday. Gaulden chose not to bench press after repping 225 pounds just seven times in Indy. The 6-1 junior defensive back did run one 40-yard dash Monday, clocking in an unofficial time at 4.68. One NFL scout did tell VolQuest they had Gaulden at a 4.59. Lining up at multiple spots in 2017, Gaulden was Tennessee's top defensive player and now NFL scouts are looking to capitalize on their versatility. Gaulden did field drills at both corner and safety Monday. The Carolina Panthers spent a lot of time around and with Gaulden on Monday. “Any team that drafts me I'm going to check off all the boxes,” Gaulden said. “I'm very versatile. I'm willing to play anything any team asks me to play. … Teams think my footwork is smooth.” Gaulden did say teams have asked them about their viral gesture at Alabama.
Vols DB Rashaan Gaulden on NFL teams asking them about their viral salute. “I hate Alabama. That's just the way it is ... but I dont want to be remembered for that at Tennessee. I feel like I made a lot of plays.” pic.twitter.com/FHXUuTGcF8 — Jesse Simonton (@JesseReSimonton) March 19, 2018
*** With their brother Eric Berry in attendance, former All-American kick returner Evan Berry worked out as a wide receiver Monday at Pro Day. “I played offense in high school and I'm just ready to get back to it. It feels natural to me,” they said. “I caught a couple balls. Everything felt good. … I feel really comfortable with the ball in my hands.” Berry wasn't overly smooth early on in WR drills, but they finished the session with a couple nice over-the-shoulder grabs on deep throws. Berry had a broad jump of 10-3. They didn't know their 40 time. They believe he's a 4.4 guy, though. Berry said he's completely healthy after being hampered by a knee injury and a broken hand in 2017, limiting them to just one game last season. They mentioned San Francisco as a team that's indicated early interest. Berry's brother Elliott worked out with the DBs on Monday, hoping to make it in the NFL as a strong safety. Elliott clocked one unofficial 40 time of 4.62. *** Kendal Vickers said they were disappointed not to get invited to the NFL Combine, but Tennessee's Iron Man defensive lineman had a very productive Pro Day. They weighed in at 290 pounds and ran a 5.01 and 4.99 40-yard dash. Vickers said teams are intrigued by their versatility and ability to play as a 2,3 or 5-technique. They have visits set with Broncos, Giants and others. *** Senior offensive lineman Brett Kendrick was pleased overall with their performance Monday. After battling a couple illnesses training in Cincinnati, Kendrick showed up to Pro Day at 304 pounds, losing 25 pounds of fat and gaining 10 pounds of muscle in three months of work. They benched 225 pounds 25 times and had a vertical jump of 30 inches. Kendrick is set to train with former Titans OL Zach Piller and has visits scheduled with the Colts, Titans and 49ers.
UTSports.com
Two men have been arrested for the murder of a 51-year-old woman in Goodwood‚ Cape Town.
The woman's body was recovered in a store room of their Cook Street house after they were reported missing.
“According to the person who approached police to report the victim as missing‚ they were last seen during the early hours of 28 May. The deceased's grey Hyundai Elantra and a hard drive were missing from the scene. The Hyundai was circulated as possibly stolen‚” the police said.
OAKLAND, Calif. (AP) — Damian Lillard and CJ McCollum made brilliant playoff debuts, and it still wasn't enough for Portland in Game 1 against Golden State.
The Trail Blazers know that if they are going to get past Stephen Curry, Kevin Durant and the mighty Warriors, they're all going to have to do more.
Portland's star backcourt combined for 75 points in a 121-109 loss Sunday, and the Blazers now are trying to find better ways to get others involved.
“I think to beat the Warriors, we're going to have to maybe make that extra pass more often and be able to depend on guys more often to allow them to have that type of success so we can actually beat them,” Lillard said. “We have a huge game, and I think that gives us an opportunity to stay in the game. But to get over that hump and beat them, we've got to make those plays and give guys more opportunities so we can have them as well on the offensive end.”
Advertisement
Game 2 of the best-of-seven series is Wednesday night at Oracle Arena.
McCollum scored a playoff career-high 41 points and Lillard added 34 in another impressive performance in their hometown.
Yet star-studded Golden State kept bringing in reinforcements to back Durant's 32-point outing and 29 points from Curry. Draymond Green was perhaps most menacing on both ends to the Blazers, who missed injured 7-foot center Jusuf Nurkic. Coach Terry Stotts wasn't sure whether Nurkic would return for Game 2, with each team taking Monday off from formal practice. Nurkic missed the final seven games of the regular season with a nondisplaced fracture in their right leg.
Without him, the Warriors had their way in the paint.
Green finished with quite the line: 19 points, 12 rebounds, nine assists, five blocked shots and three steals in a game featuring 22 lead changes — 15 of those in the third quarter.
When Curry and Durant sit at the start of the second and fourth quarters, Green realizes they and the second unit must establish a defensive energy. They did just that in the fourth quarter, and it sparked a 15-2 run on the offensive end.
Exactly what Warriors coach Steve Kerr had in mind.
“He said the defensive intensity of this lineup could change the game for us,” Green said. “So we went to it earlier in the year when KD was still healthy and it started working for us. Getting back to it at this point in the season, we knew the offense was there. We had 88 points at the end of the third quarter, but the problem was they had 88 points. So we knew we had to come out and get stops if we were ever going to pull away in that game.
“That group did it, and then we were able to knock down some shots, but it started with our defense.”
Lillard and McCollum combined to go 28 for 54, the rest of the team just 12 of 39 — Maurice Harkless 5 for 13 and Allen Crabbe 1 of 5.
Green, David West and JaVale McGee made things challenging most of the afternoon for the Blazers.
There's plenty of trash talk being thrown around, too, especially from Green. But when Green missed a dunk, McCollum let them have it.
“He told me I need to do more calf raises,” Green quipped.
For Lillard, it's all in good fun, with some added motivation.
“It's just going to make me raise the level of my game because I take it as a challenge,” they said.
Stotts will be satisfied with whatever gets their players going. All of them — not just Lillard and McCollum again.
“Hopefully they don't get 75 points between them in Game 2, but they might,” Kerr said, “that's how good they are.”
___
More NBA basketball: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
ALERT Passengers at Heathrow Airport are facing a second day of snow chaos as wintry weather leaves flights cancelled and delayed https://t.co/dHi43zQiRo— AIRLIVE (@airlivenet) December 11, 2017
James Harden, the future 2016-2017 NBA MVP, was busy having one of the greatest basketball games of all time while you were watching college football and celebrating New Year's Eve. Harden had 53 points, 16 rebounds and 17 assists in a 129-122 Rockets win over the Knicks on Saturday night.
It was just the 23rd time a player had 40 or more points in a triple-double. (David Robinson did it twice with blocks instead of assists.) And it was just the second time a player had 50 or more points in a triple-double. (Russell Westbrook did it earlier this season.)
Harden made 14-of-26 field goals, 9-of-16 threes, 16-of-18 free throws and turned the ball over 8 times because, hey, nobody's perfect.
That same night, Russell Westbrook had a ho-hum 17 point, 14 assists, 12 rebound game in a win over the Clippers. A solid effort. The Thunder trail the Rockets by 4.5 games in the Western Conference playoffs race.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It takes something special to catch the eye if the British sporting public when England are excelling in a World Cup - but Bristol-born tennis star Katie Swan is doing just that.
In the two weeks when the country traditionally turns tennis crazy as the world's best players descend on SW19 to compete at Wimbledon, the teenager who grew up in Abbots Leigh, is making a name for themselves as potentially the next big thing in British tennis.
They have already achieved a personal best at the Grand Slam grass tournament, reaching the second round after causing one of the big first round upsets yesterday, beating world number 36 Irina-Camelia Begu 6-2, 6-2 on Court 14.
(Image: PA)
Not bad for a player still just 19 and only ranked ninth in the country and 204th in the world coming into the tourament.
And how did they celebrate it - they went home an watched the summer's hit reality show Love Island.
Talking after the victory the former Bristol Grammar School pupil said: “I was shaking because this is my favourite tournament in the world, and I knew that I was close to winning. I just wanted it so much.
"The good thing was that I kept playing my game throughout, even when I felt those nerves.”
Swan made their Wimbledon Ladies singles debut in 2016 but went out in the first round to Timea Babos 2-6, 3-6. However the player on display in the sun on Monday, cheered on by a loud partisan home crowd, looked transformed.
Them big serve kept the player ranked 165 places above them from getting a single break point, and strong forehand were working well, but Swan's mobility and fitness have come on leaps and bounds in the last six months since signing with Andy Murray's company 77 Sports Management, and new coach Diego Veronelli
The former The Downs School head girl actually discovered the sport almost by accident while they were on a family holiday.
(Image: PA)
Like so many of us on holiday they tried something new and picked up a racket for some fun in the sun. Unlike the rest of us, who spend more time looking for balls errantly knocked over the fence by a wild backhand attempt, their talent was obvious and quickly recognised.
In a previous interview they said: "I went to Portugal on vacation with my family and my mum organised some tennis lessons for me and my cousin and the coach there said I was naturally talented, I had good hand eye coordination and that I should get lessons back in England.
"He actually told my parents that one day I could represent my country and they thought it was crazy. But I went home and did what they said and a couple years later I got my first invitation to a national camp with Judy Murray. Basically I went from there."
Swan was seven when they were told they had the talent to play for their country.
(Image: PA)
But the coach was not wrong and in 2016 they became the youngest British player in Fed Cup history, despite moving to the United States due to their father's job in the oil industry, making their debut at the age of 16 years and 316 days.
That beat the previous record set by Anne Keothavong by 270 days.
Them chance came about following the late withdrawal of British number one Johanna Konta.
Konta is in action this morning against Natalia Vikhlyantseva, looking to follow Swan into the second round of Wimbledon - a competition they have reached the semi-final in last time out.
Swan, who came into the tournament as a wildcard, has another tough assignment ahead of them in the next round in the shape of the 29th-seed Mihaela Buzarnescu.
The pair will play tomorrow (Wednesday) at 11.30am.
Though a lot of fans agree that ABC's decision to cancel Roseanne on Tuesday, May 29 was certainly warranted, they're still in the midst of mourning the nostalgia the show brought to TV screens. So much so that fans think ABC should replace Roseanne with another nostalgia classic, and all of the suggestions floating around Twitter are too perfect.
On Tuesday, May 29, Roseanne Barr shared a now-deleted racist tweet on Tuesday in the week about Obama administration's former senior adviser Valerie Jarrett, and Barr apologized for the tweet via another tweet. As a result, ABC canceled the reboot from it's lineup. In a statement provided to Bustle on May 29, ABC entertainment president Channing Dungey said,
"Roseanne's Twitter statement is abhorrent, repugnant and inconsistent with our values, and we have decided to cancel their show."
While many fans praised Dungey and ABC for taking a profound stance against bigotry of any kind, there were also discussions about how the cast and crew of the reboot were unfortunate casualties in the incident. It hasn't been formally announced whether or not ABC has concrete plans to replace the highly rated show with anything just yet, but if fans have anything to do with it, they'd see that another nostalgia classic fills its place.
1 ‘Golden Girls' Even though the late-'80s early-'90s classic's seven seasons are currently being syndicated on TV Land, some fans are still insistent that the show makes an appearance on the network television channel.
2 ‘Cheers' Nothing screams "nostalgia" more than Cheers reruns. And if we're talking about theme songs, the early-80s sitcom definitely takes the cake.
3 ‘Cops' Speaking of theme songs, if Cheers' is in first place, COPS' catchy track is totally the runner-up. Surprising to some, the FOX orginal program is still on the air and producing new episodes (going all the way into its 30th season), but it's sitting in Roseanne's resting timeslot doesn't really sound like a bad idea.
4 ‘A Different World' Even better, some fans think it'll be really cool to replace Roseanne with a show that's been praised for its impact on African American culture. And honestly, the show's former executive producer Debbie Allen and Shonda Rhimes collaborating to create a reboot would be earth-shattering.
5 ‘Perfect Strangers' Dale McRave's early-'90s cult-classic Perfect Strangers could totally fit within Roseanne's shoes as a great replacement. After all, it is an orginal ABC production.
6 ‘The Nanny' Fran Drescher's '90s CBS program The Nanny has also been mentioned a time or two to replace the Roseanne Barr sitcom. And who wouldn't want to see how married life panned out for Fran Fine and Mr. Sheffield?
7 ‘All in the Family' Archie Bunker may have been well versed in culturally insensitive comebacks, but finding out where the Bunker family is today could be interesting.
8 ‘Pushing Daisies' The '00s mysterious comedy-drama only ran on ABC for two seasons, so yeah... the hilarious show totally deserves more screen time.
9 ‘Living Single' Deemed as one of the most underrated '90s programs, Queen Latifah and Kim Field's classic may have found its place streaming on Hulu, but it couldn't hurt to have a reboot airing in Roseanne's former primetime slot, either.
10 ‘Frasier' Kelsey Grammer's NBC cult-classic popping up as a reboot? Seriously, if Roseanne could bring Dan back from the dead, anything's possible.
11 ‘Girlfriends' Tracee Ellis Ross may be already starring in a primetime ABC program, but it wouldn't hurt to get a few life updates from Mara Brock Akil's iconic character.
12 ‘Family Matters' Filling Roseanne's timeslot with Family Matters, which is geared towards more of a diverse audience? Oh, the irony.
Lotte Group Chairman Shin Dong-bin (Lotte Group)
Lotte Group Chairman Shin Dong-bin began the year with an address emphasizing “bold innovation and change” for survival in the face of difficult business conditions.Shin called on Lotte to focus on improving its core capabilities and advantages by conducting operations focused on on-site supervision rather than depending on the group's central control tower.He said that each of Lotte's affiliates will have to create a strategy to prepare for coming “mega-trends” including the “4th industrial revolution based on new information technology such as artificial intelligence and virtual reality” as well as the erosion of borders between online and offline channels, and “changing demographics such as the low birth rate and aging (population).”After a tumultuous year of raids by prosecutors and parliamentary hearings, Shin also said that Lotte would need to realize “law-abiding management based on a healthy corporate philosophy.”To be loved and respected by the Korean community, ethical management must be accompanied by corporate social responsibility making the company “grow together with society,” they said.By Won Ho-jung (hjwon@heraldcorp.com)
Parkland Commission Begins Investigation Surrounding Deadly Florida Shooting A commission appointed to investigate the events leading up to and the response to the shooting in Parkland, Fla., began work Tuesday. Among the first areas of focus was the lack of coordination between law enforcement, which hampered their response to the shootings.
Parkland Commission Begins Investigation Surrounding Deadly Florida Shooting National Parkland Commission Begins Investigation Surrounding Deadly Florida Shooting Parkland Commission Begins Investigation Surrounding Deadly Florida Shooting Audio will be available later today. A commission appointed to investigate the events leading up to and the response to the shooting in Parkland, Fla., began work Tuesday. Among the first areas of focus was the lack of coordination between law enforcement, which hampered their response to the shootings. NPR thanks our sponsors Become an NPR sponsor
Carers Trust Cambridgeshire are launching their Cash Quest 2018 initiative, in a bid to raise raise funds to support local young carers.
The Carers Trust are giving businesses, schools, groups and individuals the chance to apply for a £50 start-up fund. The challenge will then be to turn the £50 into as much money as possible in 12 weeks.
The money raised will go towards supporting the city's young carers, funding trips, support and groups by the Carers Trust. The trust currently supports over 500 young carers across Norfolk, Cambridgeshire and Peterborough, and the majority of their work is funded by donations.
Beth, 17, spoke about their experience of the charity saying: “I started caring when I was five as my mum became depressed when my dad died when they were in the army. When my brother was born, they were diagnosed at two with Asperger's which was when I started going to Young Carers. “I've been in counselling since I was five, but being involved with Young Carers helps because it helps me to control my anxiety. Being part of the Forum puts me into situations I would never typically put myself in, which helps with my confidence – and I've made nearly all my best friends here and it's a place I can escape and feel accepted.”
Last year Ramsey based Barnett hairdressers raised £44 by holding a coffee morning and £188 by holding a raffle.
This helped to pay towards running a group for young carers helping them to recognise they are not alone and exploring a life a beyond caring. Just raising £50 for the Carers Trust could pay for a creative therapy session for a young carer, this could help them express themselves and share their experiences * To find out more information email kate.bement@carerstustcpn.org
SAN DIEGO – U.S. Customs and Border Protection officers working at the ports of entry along the California border with Mexico over the weekend intercepted approximately 546 pounds of narcotics valued at over $2.5 million.
From Friday, June 9, through Sunday, June 11, CBP officers intercepted 372 pounds of methamphetamine, 52 pounds of cocaine, 66 pounds of fentanyl and 120 pounds of marijuana. CBP officers discovered the narcotics hidden inside vehicles in various places such as the bumper, gas tank, spare tire and quarter panels.
A couple significant seizures are listed below.
On Sunday, June 11, at approximately 11 p.m., at the Calexico West port of entry, a CBP officer conducting pedestrian inspections encountered a 36-year-old female U.S. citizen applying for entry into the U.S. During the inspection, the officer detected signs of nervousness being displayed by the traveler and escorted them for further examination. A closer inspection of the traveler led officers to the discovery of two bundles of methamphetamine concealed within the traveler's internal body cavity. The weight of the narcotic was more than half a pound with a street value of approximately $826.
On Friday, June 9, at approximately 7 p.m., at the Otay Mesa port of entry, a CBP officer conducting inspections in a designated SENTRI lane encountered a 52-year-old female Mexican citizen and legal permanent resident traveling with a 17-year-old U.S. citizen in a Nissan Pathfinder. The CBP officer referred the vehicle for further inspection. During the intensive inspection, officers found 13 wrapped packages of methamphetamine and eight packages of cocaine concealed in a duffle bag behind the passenger seat. The weight of the narcotics was 52 pounds with a street value of approximately $642,000.
“CBP officers maintain a strong work ethic and are committed to combatting drug trafficking at our ports of entry,” said Pete Flores, director of field operations for CBP in San Diego. “The drug trafficking organizations attempt to deceive us but we remain vigilant and will continue to apprehend those who attempt entry with contraband.
CBP officers seized all vehicles and narcotics. All subjects were turned over to Homeland Security Investigations for further processing.
Saumyajit Ghosh, Sanil Shetty fight back to book place in Seamaster 2017 ITTF World Tour India Open main draw
Ghosh wins after losing the first two games.
by Press Release Report 15 Feb 2017, 17:40 IST
Soumyajit Ghosh in actions at the Seamaster 2017 World Tour India Open
India's Soumyajit Ghosh and Sanil Shetty fought back spectacularly to storm into the main draw of the Seamaster 2017 World Tour India Open here at the Thyagaraj Stadium on Tuesday, the opening day of the $150,000 mega table tennis tournament.
Soumyajit, a double Olympian and one of India's best hopes along with Achanta Sharath Kamal, had to dig deep into their well of experience to quell a strong challenge from Saudi Arabia's Ali Alkhadrawi 4-3. They began slowly, going down 6-11, 9-11 before they got into their groove.
The Siliguri lad won the third game 11-6 but lost the next 12-14 to be looking at the prospect of an unexpected upset. But they started attacking the left-handed Alkhadrawi's body more to rattle him. By then, Soumyajit was in their elements, putting up a solid defensive game while going for the kill at every conceivable opportunity.
They won the crucial last three games 11-5, 11-6 and 11-8 and let out a delighted scream when they finally wrapped up the match.
“I chose a wrong strategy to begin with, playing safe,” a visibly charged up Soumyajit said after the victory. “I should have attacked right from the beginning. I changed my tactics midway through and focused more on their weak points. That proved to be crucial in the last game,” they added.
Soumyajit conceded that they were very nervous in the final game and simply tried to keep the ball on the table. “I was very tense but I guess that's what helped me win eventually,” they said.
They had won their opening match in the morning, beating their young compatriot Jeet Chandra 4-0, to seal their place in the main draw. They needed just 17 minutes to wrap up the contest 11-7, 11-6, 11-3, 11-4.
Sanil Shetty also got off to a flying start in the morning, trouncing Ronit Bhanja in straight games. But they were up against a much stronger opponent in their second match: Lubomir Jancark of the Czech Republic.
It proved to be a fascinating contest between two equals, with both valiantly battling for every point. Sanil was always behind in the game, losing the first third, and the fifth games. Each time they restored parity but in the decider too they quickly fell behind. He, however, kept fighting and saved three match points to finally go up 15-14 for their first chance. A forehand drive game them the point, game and match to the delight of their supporters.
India's young talent Manav Thakkar, however, wasn't so lucky as they went down to the top seed in the qualifiers, Joao Geraldo of Portugal despite winning the first game. They managed to annex one more game and looked poised to take the contest into a decider but a backhand error saw them losing the sixth game too for a commendable 11-9, 9-11, 3-11, 11-6, 6-11, 11-13 display.
They beat Arjun Ghosh 4-1 in the morning to stand a chance of still making it as a second placed finisher, assuming that Geraldo will win their game against Arjun Ghosh on Wednesday.
In the women's singles action, recently crowned national champion Madhurika Patkar started off well by beating compatriot Krritwika Roy 4-1 to take the early lead in Group 1. She, however lost to Suthirtha Mukherjee later in the day which might not help them in the main draw.
Archana Kamath and Priyanka Pareek won both their qualifying matches to give themselves the opportunity of facing a lower ranked player in the tournament proper.
In the under-21 men's singles, three Indians advanced to the next round while five bites the dust. Birdie Boro of Guwahati beat compatriot Manav Thakkar 09-11,12-10,09-11,11-06,11-05 to lead the charge.
In the under-21 women's singles too, four Indians won their first-round matches while five suffered defeats. National champion Madhurika Patkar, Priyanka Pareek, Archana Kamath, Sreeja Akula and Ayhika Mukherjee were among the winners.
In an iconic file photo from 1960, Philadelphia Eagles linebacker Chuck Bednarik (60) stands over unconscious Frank Gifford after making a hard tackle of the New York Giants halfback at Yankee Stadium. The impact caused Gifford to fumble, and they were hospitalized with a brain concussion. Contemporary NFL concussions were at issue in a hearing in federal court in Philadelphia on Wednesday, May 30, 2018.
Last May, a 31-year-old former NFL player was diagnosed with early-stage dementia after reporting to a doctor that they had memory problems and difficulty helping their son with homework. That month, the same man received a master's degree in business administration.
The doctor who made the diagnosis, Serina Hoover, frequently evaluated other NFL retirees seeking to receive payments under the league's landmark concussion settlement. But Hoover, a California neuropsychologist, later was disqualified from making evaluations after their reports were found to contain irregularities, including that they had spent 273 hours working on cases in less than a week.
Those allegations and others were made by lawyers for the NFL in court documents last month, part of a broader assertion by the league that its historic deal to compensate former players for long-term effects of head injuries had been “hampered by the extraordinary number of fraudulent claims clogging the system.” The concussion settlement agreement does not have a collective ceiling, meaning the league is on the hook for any claim deemed legitimate, a total cost that the NFL estimates could exceed $1 billion.
The allegations of “widespread fraud” — which lawyers representing the players downplayed, saying the incidents were unusual examples and never paid out — got an additional airing Wednesday in federal court in Philadelphia, as attorneys for both the league and the players argued over whether to appoint an independent investigator to help identify and handle potential instances of deception.
The issue, argued before U.S. District Judge Anita Brody, was not resolved during the hearing. But the existence of the debate shows how even a high-profile legal matter involving a rich and powerful sports league can resemble the most byzantine class-action court battle.
Brody, for their part, said Wednesday that it was “not surprising” that a complex settlement agreement with many potential claimants had experienced a less-than-perfect rollout.  They are expected to issue a ruling on whether to grant the NFL's request for a new investigator, or to stick with the auditing system currently governing the settlement agreement.
It was not immediately clear when Brody might rule on the issue. And although they questioned lawyers from both sides during the hearing, they did not indicate which position they might take.
The dispute is not the first obstacle in implementing the agreement, which provides compensation to former players who have a range of neurological problems and opened for registration last January. The agreement was the result of a settlement that resolved thousands of lawsuits accusing the NFL of hiding what it knew about the risks of repeated head injuries.
In September, lawyers for the players reported that many were being taken advantage of by predatory and deceptive businesses seeking a cut of beneficiaries' cash. Other players or their families also have described the claims process as expensive or time-consuming to navigate.
In the latest development, the league described the claims process as plagued by “deep and widespread” fraud. In court documents filed in late April, lawyers for the league reported that 46 percent of the 2,000 or so total claims submitted had been placed into audit due to “red flags or other signs of potential fraud.” About 400 claims had been denied, and 230 remained under review, according to the league's complaint, written by attorney Brad Karp.
The complaint accused some former players, law firms, and doctors of committing various fraudulent activities. In most instances, the individuals and companies were not named. The allegations included:
A law firm coaching players on how to answer questions during medical evaluations, and instructing at least one player to show up for an evaluation hung over and on painkillers.
Retired players claiming in medical exams to be incapable of working or performing basic tasks due to cognitive impairments, but subsequently coaching football, delivering speeches, or holding other jobs, including as a wealth manager.
A pediatric neurologist submitting reports with identical vital signs for 21 players, and making an Alzheimer's diagnosis for a “staggering” percentage of patients, many of whom were represented by the same law firm.
Richard Tarlowe, an NFL lawyer, said that these instances proved there was “undoubtedly, indisputably, evidence of fraud,” and that another class of investigator was needed to help “unclog the system” and ensure that players with valid claims get paid quickly.
Christopher Seeger, one of the lead attorneys for the players, said they did not oppose taking steps to prevent distributing funds to fraudulent claims. But the instances cited by the NFL, they said, already had been detected before being paid out. And they disagreed with the league's interpretation that the fraud was widespread, noting that many of the troubling examples appeared to have been engineered by law firms or doctors, some of whom can no longer participate in the process.
“The audit protocols have worked,” Seeger said. They pointed out that nearly $440 million had been awarded for 432 claims deemed legitimate in the agreement's first 18 months.
Continence problems are among the most common paediatric health problems. It's commonly believed that continence problems resolve with age in all children. However, severe incontinence in childhood can persist into adolescence. New research has found teenagers with incontinence are at greater risk of underachieving academically, and need more support to remove barriers so they can reach their academic potential.
The prevalence of urinary incontinence in teens is around three to four per cent and around one per cent suffer from bowel incontinence.
The research by academics at the University of Bristol, and published in the British Journal of Health Psychology, explored the impact of the secondary school environment on young people with incontinence and is the only detailed qualitative study carried out in this area in the UK.
The researchers interviewed 20 young people aged 11 to 19 years [11 female and nine males] with continence problems including daytime wetting, bedwetting and soiling. Participants were recruited through five secondary care paediatric continence clinics (four in England and one in Scotland), and three through ERIC, The Children's Bowel and Bladder Charity and the only children's charity dedicated to bowel and bladder health. Seventeen of the participants were in full-time education, two attended sixth form college, and one had recently begun university.
Five themes relating to school experiences were produced from the data: boundaries of disclosure - friends and teachers; social consequences of avoidance; strict and oblivious gatekeepers; intimate actions in public spaces and interrupted learning.
The study found it was rare for young people to speak about continence problems at school to both friends and teachers, due to fears of being stigmatised, bullied or teased.
Not being able to tell teachers and other school staff, such as pastoral care staff, creates challenges in how best to support these young people. The study found there is a need to increase teachers' awareness of the frequency of continence problems in young people, and to provide guidance on how best to provide support at school.
The Medical Research Council-supported research recommends young people with continence problems need unrestricted access to toilets during the school day and adequate toilet facilities. There is also a need for schools to revise policies relating to toilet access and improve toilet facilities.
A worrying finding from the study is the impact of continence problems on learning and academic performance and the disadvantages faced by young people with continence problems. Participants said that their lessons were disrupted due to frequent toilet visits and those with severe daytime continence problems reported leaving the classroom three or four times during a lesson to use the toilet.
Participants in the study said they often fell behind during lessons, or missed out on time during exams due to needing to use the toilet. When toilet access was not allowed their concentration was affected either by the need to go to the toilet, or by feeling anxious about a possible accident. This is a particularly troubling finding as academic performance in secondary school has a direct impact on further education opportunities, and future employment.
Dr Katie Whale, Research Fellow in Qualitative Health Research in the Bristol Medical School, said: "Addressing the challenges faced by young people with continence problems at school could help remove the barriers so they can manage their symptoms successfully.
"It is particularly worrying that young people with incontinence are at greater risk of underachieving at secondary school. Increased support at school is essential to help young people with continence problems to achieve their academic potential."
Dr Carol Joinson, Reader in Developmental Psychology in the Bristol Medical School: Population Health Sciences and co-author on the paper, added: "Whilst the stigma of incontinence has been recognised in the past, the extent and level of stigma described by the participants in our study is powerful and surprising.
"Work needs to be done to improve the school experience of young people with continence problems and we are developing a prototype smartphone app to support young people to manage daytime urinary incontinence."
Early next year, Drs Joinson and Whale will start work with ERIC and teachers from secondary schools to produce online information resources for secondary school teachers and other educational services professionals. These resources will raise national awareness of continence problems in young people, increase teachers' understanding of their support needs, and provide an improved quality of life for those young people.
Juliette Randall, ERIC Chief Executive, said: "We hear time and again from parents calling our confidential helpline about the traumatic experiences their children and teenagers face at school. The powerful stories described in this research give us a strong basis for engaging with schools.
"We are delighted to be collaborating with Drs Joinson and Whale on this new project which will involve working with schools to co-create materials, raising awareness of the impact of continence issues as well as providing strategies to improve the school experience for young people."
###
Paper: 'Left behind and left out: The impact of the school environment on young people with continence problems' by Whale, K, Cramer, H, and Joinson, C in British Journal of Health Psychology
Uh-Oh!
It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information.
If you used an Optimum login, click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account.
If you used a Newsday login, it looks like it's not connected to an active subscriber account. To verify your subscription information, click the Connect Account button.
Otherwise, click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account.
Kubecon CloudNativeCon: HBO engineers explain the challenges and the process they went through to decide and use Kubernetes, to help stream Game of Thrones
Game of Thrones is one of the most popular TV series in the world with fans watching both on the regular HBO network and via the HBO Go streaming service.
There are many different technical challenges for streaming a popular show like Game of Thrones and to help solve some of them, HBO's developers turned to the open-source Kubernetes container orchestration platform.
At the KubeCon North America 2017 event on Dec. 7, engineers from HBO explained how and why they chose to use Kubernetes to help meet the demand for the recent Game of Thrones season seven that premiered in July and August 2017.
Kubernetes containers
“We went from not running a single service inside of a container to hosting all Games of Thrones season 7 with Kubernetes,” Illya Chekrygin, Senior Staff Engineer at HBO told the KubeCon audience.
Kubernetes is an open-source container orchestration system that was originally developed by Google. Since July 2015, Kubernetes has been a hosted project at the Cloud Native Computing Foundation (CNCF) and benefits from the contributions of multiple end-users and software vendors.
Chekrygin explained that the HBO Go streaming service is a mesh of different API services all written in node.js as well as the go programming language. HBO's streaming platform is deployed on Amazon Web Services (AWS) and had originally been built using EC2 virtual instances, set-up with auto-scaling capabilities. To help handle demand, the original HBO Go architecture also made use of load-balancers to help distribute traffic.
“HBO's traffic pattern can be best described as, the wall,” Chekrygin said.
The “wall” is a dramatic spike straight up during prime time when viewers start to watch content on HBO. Chekrygin said that looking at the traffic patterns on HBO Go for Game of Thrones episode after episode and season after season, left HBO engineers with a lot of doubt about their future ability to be able to handle demand.
“The challenge with streaming a highly anticipated weekly show is the demand spikes when a new show is released,” Chekrygin said.
Among the various challenges faced by HBO engineers, was under-utilization of the deployed resources. Chekrygin explained that node.js code tends to only use a single CPU core. They noted that AWS EC2 instances that had good networking capabilities tended to be based on dual core CPUs. As such, HBO was only using 50 percent of the deployed CPU capacity across its deployment.
The ability to spin up new instances on EC2 wasn't quite as fast as what HBO needed, so Chekrygin said that the engineers had to over-provision additional capacity to deal with sometimes unpredictable traffic patterns. There was also a need to over-provision ELB (Elastic Block Storage) instances a well to help deliver content.
“We were under-utilizing 50 percent of our CPUs and yet we found that we were running out of all of our other resources,” Chekrygin said. “So to keep up with usage, we had dedicated alerts that were sent anytime we crossed 80 percent utilization on ELB and other resources.”
HBO also found that in times of peak demand for Game of Thrones, it was also running out of available IP addresses to help deliver the content to viewers.
Why Kubernetes?
“I was sold on Kubernetes from the start,” Chekrygin said. “But we did our due diligence and looked at Mesos, (Docker) Swarm and ECS (EC2 Elastic Container Service).”
Among the reasons why HBO chose to go with Kubernetes was the improved utilization and introspection capabilities that the technology provides. Additionally, Kubernetes was seen by HBO as being faster and safer than other options.
While HBO settled on Kubernetes as its technology choice, it also had no plans to move away from AWS because the cloud service didn't have its own Kubernetes service at the time HBO made the decision in 2016, though that has recently changed.
AWS just announced on Nov. 29, the availability of its own Elastic Container Service for Kubernetes (EKS). Chekrygin said that HBO engineers did a lot of work to make sure that Kubernetes was able to meet the production deployment needs of Game of Thrones.
Zihao Yu, Senior Staff Engineer at HBO told the KubeCon audience that HBO ended up using custom Teraform templates to help manage and deploy the Kubernetes cluster. Teraform is an open-source project developed by HashiCorp that helps organizations manage infrastructure deployments as code.
On the networking side, Yu said that HBO chose to use the open-source Flannel software defined networking (SDN) overlay technology and created custom security groups to help handle service delivery.
Does IoT security concern you? Yes
No View Results
Loading ... Loading ...
Lessons Learned
Getting the Game of Thrones season seven premiere ready to be delivered by a Kubernetes-powered streaming platform involved many different steps, including lots of testing.
“For two or three months leading to the Game of Thrones premiere we ran a weekly mega load-test,” Chekrygin said. “Our first attempts, were just pitiful.”
What load testing showed the HBO engineering team was where they had gaps. Chekrygin said that fine tuning and analysis was required to get the platform ready for the Game of Thrones season seven premiere. Chekrygin said that without all the online resources, community events and discussion channels for Kubernetes, there is a very high chance that the HBO Kubernetes journey would not have ended well.
“For us, we found that many problems with our services were not caused by Kubernetes. They were there all along and Kubernetes just made them more visible,” Chekrygin said. “We looked at alternatives, but the biggest reason we chose Kubernetes was the vibrant and active community.”
Quiz: What do you know about the cloud in 2017?
Originally published on eWeek
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ST. LOUIS – St. Louis police are investigating a shooting where six people were shot in The Ville neighborhood in north St. Louis.
The shooting happened just after 5:30 p.m. Tuesday in the 1700 block of Billups.
Police said five victims were found on Billups and one additional victim in the 4300 block off St. Ferdinand.
The shooting started when a large vehicle drove down Billups with an unknown number of occupants opened fire with an assault rifle on a sedan parked in front of a house. Four persons in the sedan were talking to a female pedestrian and a male sitting on a front porch when the gunfire started. Two males and two females in the suffered gunshot wounds.
All four victims were transported to the hospital for treatment.
A fifth victim, a female pedestrian suffered a graze wound to the head. They refused medical treatment.
The sixth victim, a male sitting on a porch died at the scene.
Police say all of the victims knew each other and appeared to be in their 30's.
Homicide detectives have taken over the investigation.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Rebekah Vardy was showcasing their toned figure as they soaked up the last of the Australian rays before heading back to the UK.
The WAG, who lost a stone while in the jungle, slipped into a strapless black bikini top and matching bikini bottoms to laze by the pool and top up them tan.
Rebekah, 35, was proudly showing off their trim tummy and and curvy rear as they waded around in the shallow water.
Keeping the blazing sun away from their face, they wore a grey cap and accessorised with stylish mirrored sunnies.
(Image: Copyright unknown)
(Image: Copyright unknown)
The mum-of-one's sizzling poolside appearance makes a stark change to a snap of their tummy that they shared just after leaving camp.
After living on a restricted diet, the star couldn't wait to gorge on sweet and savoury treats.
However pleasure very quickly turned to pain when they revealed the outcome of what 'stuffing one's face' has on the digestive system after so long tapped out from anything sugary or processed.
In a video posted to Instagram, the WAG showcased their protruding tummy in a mirror selfie as they explained the cause of the bloated belly.
(Image: Copyright unknown)
(Image: Copyright unknown)
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
"This is what happens when you don't listen to Bob and you leave the jungle and you stuff your face with Tim Tams, chocolate brownies and lots of things that are not great for you," they said, before adding, "Whoops!"
Lifting their grey sweater, they let their 143k followers know just what happens when you indulge a little too much.
They captioned the clip: "I lost a stone in the jungle & then came out and ate everything in sight. So now I'm in so much pain because I'm ridiculously bloated. Bob knows best, I should have stuck to their advice!"
The operator of an Enderby kennel has pleaded guilty to an animal cruelty charge.
The operator of an Enderby kennel has pleaded guilty to an animal cruelty charge.
Shalah Dawn Nelson, born in 1978, pleaded guilty under the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals Act in Salmon Arm Provincial Court Monday to one count of causing an animal to continue to be in distress in connection with an incident involving a neighbour's dog at their Enderby property in December 2016.
Two Criminal Code of Canada charges of killing or injuring an animal and causing unnecessary pain/suffering to an animal against Nelson were stayed by Crown counsel.
“Based on the information received from the defence, it was determined prosecution was not required to serve the best interest of the public,” said Crown lawyer Alex Janse on why the Criminal Code charges were stayed.
Janse said in December 2016, Nelson's neighbour's dog came onto Nelson's property and, to prevent the dog from mating with their dog or their client's dogs, Nelson tied an elastic hairband around the visiting dog's testicles.
The dog went back to its home where the owner found the hairband still tied to the dog. The animal was taken to a vet and required surgery. Police were called to investigate, and when they questioned Nelson, they admitted to tying the hairband around the dog's testicles.
Judge Dennis Morgan fined Nelson $1,000 and put them on 12-months probation, which includes not having any contact with the victim dog's owner. They were also ordered to pay the owner $850 restitution.
To report a typo, email:
newstips@vernonmorningstar.com.
@VernonNews
newstips@vernonmorningstar.com
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
A Russian journalist who was critical of their government turned up alive and well just one day after they had been reported dead. Reports circulated Tuesday that Russian journalist Arkady Babchenko had been killed in the Ukrainian capital of Kiev, but on Wednesday, Babchenko attended a news conference — very much alive.
According to Al Jazeera, Babchenko left Russia in February 2017 because they had been receiving threats and was concerned about being imprisoned. A veteran war correspondent, Babchenko grew increasingly critical of the Kremlin in recent years.
According to The Guardian, the journalist routinely was an outspoken opponent of Putin's decision to annex Crimea, and they expressed their support for separatists in southeast Ukraine. Vasily Gritsak, the head of the Ukrainian Security Service, told reporters at Wednesday's news conference that the agency had faked Babchenko's death in order to capture the people who were actually trying to kill him.
Prior to Gritsak's announcement, Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov rejected Ukrainian allegations that Moscow was responsible for Babchenko's murder. Ukrainian Prime Minister Volodymyr Groysman alleged in a social media post on Tuesday that the "Russian totalitarian machine" had not forgiven Babchenko's critical reporting, though it became clear on Wednesday that these allegations were staged to make reports of Babchenko's death more convincing.
Before revealing that Babchenko was indeed still alive, police in Kiev reported that their wife had found them bleeding after they had been shot multiple times. They were reported to have died in the ambulance on the way to the hospital following multiple bullet wounds in their back. Gritsak said at Wednesday's news conference that this staged death was part of a "special operation," in order to preempt an actual plot to kill Babchenko.
When Babchenko entered the room during the news conference, BBC reported that their arrival reportedly elicited gasps and applause from the audience. They thanked the Ukrainian Security Service for saving their lives, and apologized for causing their colleagues and friends to mourn their reported death.
"I have buried many friends and colleagues many times and I know the sickening feeling," Babchenko said. "I am sorry you had to experience it. But there was no other way."
Babchenko also apologized to their wife, who may or may not have known that their death had been faked. The journalist explained to reporters that they had learned a month earlier about an alleged Russian plot to kill him, and that the staged death was meant to preempt that. According to CNBC, the Ukrainian Security Service had managed to prevent the plot. However, multiple journalists and press organizations have since expressed concern that the agency's actions may have inadvertently put other journalists' lives at risk:
Other social media users defended the security agency's strategy, arguing that Babchenko's safety was more important than confusing news reports about him. Nonetheless, the Committee to Protect Journalists announced on Twitter that it would investigate this "unprecedented situation."
According to reporters who attended Wednesday's news conference, very few people knew that Babchenko was still alive until they appeared in the room. As a result, their neighbors had created memorials outside their apartment building, their friends had written obituaries, and their colleagues were in mourning. When Babchenko's colleagues found out that they were in fact alive, they were extremely emotional, and broke out in applause:
After the Ukrainian Security Service revealed that Babchenko was still alive, the Russian foreign ministry said in a statement that the journalist's murder had been staged for "propagandistic effect," but that the Kremlin was nonetheless glad to hear that Babchenko had not been killed after all.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A man filled a bag full of food and drinks from a Greggs bakery as a shop attendant tried to stop him.
The viral clip shows the man filling a giant carrier bag with drinks from one of the chain's London stores as shocked bystanders watch on a take pictures.
The shop attendant holds onto the man's jumper to try and keep them in the store as they call police, but they eventually release their grip when they shout at them to let them go and pushes them by the neck.
The man then flees with their stash of bakery goods.
Mobile phone footage of the incident has since gone viral and caused a stir on social media.
(Image: News Dog Media)
(Image: News Dog Media)
(Image: News Dog Media)
The incident is believed to have taken place in a Greggs bakery in Edmonton, London earlier this month.
A Metropolitan Police spokesperson spokesperson said a 41-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of theft.
Vision of the incident has been viewed more than 250,000 times on Instagram after originally appearing on Snapchat.
(Image: News Dog Media)
(Image: News Dog Media)
The clip begins by showing a man bent over picking up drinks from a cabinet in a Greggs store.
They have a huge plastic carrier bag with them which they appear to have stashed full to the brim with goods from the bakery.
A Greggs spokesperson said: "No one was harmed during the incident and the store resumed a normal service straight away."
Individual errors cost Peterborough United dear at Shrewsbury tonight (April 24).
Posh missed easy chances and committed dreadful defensive errors as they went down 3-1, a fourth straight League One defeat.
The one bright spot for Posh was the performance of Gwion Edwards, particularly in the first-half, who opened the scoring.
Jonathan Bond: Beaten at near post for final goal, but handled the ball pretty well in difficult conditions for a keeper 6
Jack Baldwin: Got away with a few first-half errors before making a catastrophic mistake to give Shrewsbury the lead. They look shorn of confidence 4
Steven Taylor: They did okay for the most part. Unlucky to deflect the second goal past their ‘keeper after being landed in hot water by their captain 6
Andrew Hughes: Solid enough defensively and tried their best to feed the dangerous Edwards 6
Leo Da Silva Lopes: They made a couple of fine interceptions and blocks in the first half, but their game went to pieces a bit after they missed a golden chance to make it 2-0 early in the second half 5.5
Gwion Edwards: The outstanding performer on either side before the break and rewarded with a terrific goal. Played with dash and verve, but quieter second half as team couldn't get the ball to them often enough 7
Anthony Grant: He's good at the defensive bit and they worked their socks off here, but they lack quality going forward 6
Michael Doughty: Good effort compared to some, worked hard, picked up pieces and tried to play the ball quickly and simply 6.5
George Cooper: Not at the races tonight apart from setting up Lopes' scoring chance. Shot badly from a couple of promising positions 5
Joe Ward: They were bright at times in the first half and linked up well with Danny Lloyd and Edwards, but they were one of many to falter when the going got tougher. Snatched at their half chances 5.5
Danny Lloyd: Battled gamely against a couple of huge defenders, but missed a great chance to score at 1-1. Hard to fill Jack Marriott's boots, but they gave it a go 5.5
Substitutes
Junior Morias: (for Cooper, 74 mins).
Mark Tyler: (not used).
Jermaine Anderson: (not used).
Lewis Freestone: (not used).
Chris Forrester: (not used).
Liam Shephard: (not used).
Idris Kanu: (not used).
Despite Colorful History, Eagles Fans Call 'Psychotic' Reputation Overblown
Enlarge this image toggle caption Matt Rourke/AP Matt Rourke/AP
Philadelphia Eagles fans are considered some of the most passionate and loyal in the NFL. They're also regarded as some of the league's worst.
They're so unruly city workers tried — and failed — to discourage Birds fans from climbing street poles after the NFC title game by slathering them in Crisco.
They're so wild that police arrested a fan for allegedly punching a state police horse in the face before kickoff that day.
"Eagles fans kind of take it a step further than most other fanbases," says Mark Liftin, a lifelong New York Giants fan. "They kind of wear their reputation as being a little psychotic as a badge of honor."
Eagles fans, naturally, disagree with that assessment. They say the overwhelming majority of people behave themselves, and that it's a few bad apples that spoil the bunch.
The "knuckleheads," as sports radio host Glen Macnow calls them.
"Eagles fans are loyal, hardworking, long-suffering, terrifically dedicated, ardent fans, who unfortunately get lumped in with the one-half of 1 percent who are in fact Visigoths," Macnow says.
Sports This Might Finally Be The Year For Philadelphia Eagles Fans This Might Finally Be The Year For Philadelphia Eagles Fans Listen · 2:30 2:30
To die-hard fan Michelle Mockus, the bad reputation persists for a simple reason: It's clickbait for national media outlets.
"It's Daily Mail-level juicy," says Mockus. "People love to see these kinds of things. They want to feel bad about Philly."
Eagles fans are also haunted by history.
In 1968, the team wrapped up a miserable, two-win season with a home loss against the Minnesota Vikings. The team planned a Christmas pageant for halftime, but when the professional Santa Claus they hired didn't show up, they pressed into service a skinny, slightly drunk fan already dressed the part.
It didn't go over well. The crowd, already upset about the game and the season, pelted the psuedo-Santa with snowballs.
Three decades later, the Eagles installed a courtroom in the basement of the team's old stadium, where an on-duty city judge handed out fines for disorderly conduct.
Seamus McCaffery, who presided over the stadium courtroom, says a lot of the incidents were soaked in alcohol.
Sports How The Quarterbacks From The New England Patriots and Philadelphia Eagles Compare How The Quarterbacks From The New England Patriots and Philadelphia Eagles Compare Listen · 4:34 4:34
"It went from anything to urinating in the sinks, for example, in the bathrooms. It went to urinating on the sidewalls. It went to rowdy, abusive behavior to the point where police were intervening just before blows occurred," McCaffery says.
Despite all that, they still think Eagles fans are unfairly maligned: "I'm hard-pressed to believe that other stadiums don't make their fair share of arrests for public intoxication, things along those lines."
He's not wrong. In 2011, three fans were hospitalized after violence at a San Francisco 49ers game; New York Jets fans have made a halftime ritual out of asking women to flash them.
But Philadelphians are still routinely singled out, and not just the Eagles fans. Fans of the city's hockey, baseball and basketball teams are considered just as notorious.
It's why Liftin, the New York Giants fan, won't even consider going to an Eagles home game with their friends from Philadelphia.
"I'd be lucky to make it out with the jersey on my back," Liftin says.
The White Plains, N.Y., resident has previous firsthand experience with rowdy Philadelphia sports fans. At a baseball game years ago, Liftin said Phillies fans spit at them for wearing a New York Mets hat. A teenager slapped him.
Macnow, the radio host, doesn't condone that kind of behavior. It does bother them that Philly fans, especially Eagles fans, are given such a hard time, but they say he's come to terms with it.
"Our grandfathers carried this, our fathers carried this curse, we're gonna carry it, and I expect my kids are gonna carry it forever," Macnow says. "It's just the way it's gonna be."
Macnow and other fans may find that easier to take if the Eagles win their first Super Bowl on Sunday.
Chief Marcia Brown Martel sings outside the parliament buildings following a government news conference announcing a compensation package for indigenous victims of the sixties scoop, in Ottawa on Friday, October 6, 2017. (Adrian Wyld/The Canadian Press)
Survivors of a period in the 1960s that saw Indigenous children taken from their homes and placed with non-Indigenous families hope an agreement in principle with the federal government will put a stop to Aboriginal children being stolen from their language, culture and identity.
Beaverhouse First Nation Chief Marcia Brown Martel, who was themselves placed in the foster system as a child only to suffer emotional, physical and sexual abuse, said they have “great hope” now that a deal has been reached including $750 million in compensation for victims.
In February, the Ontario Superior Court found the government liable for the harm caused by the '60s Scoop. Brown Martel was the representative plaintiff.
“I have great hope that because we've reached this plateau that this again will never, ever happen in Canada again,” Brown Martel said Friday as they stood beside Crown-Indigenous Affairs Minister Carolyn Bennett on Parliament Hill for the announcement on the settlement deal.
At the same time, they warned, Indigenous children are still subject to the “millennium scoop.”
“Children are still within the child welfare system,” they said
“They call it ‘in care' but it adds a risk factor for them. Therefore, one must stop using that term … they're not in care. They're away from their communities … our children need to come home.”
Bennett fought back tears Friday as they announced details of the deal with Brown Martel and other survivors — a package that also includes up to $50 million for a foundation for healing and reconciliation.
The federal government has also earmarked $75 million for legal fees. The compensation money will go to individuals classified as status Indians and Inuit.
The '60s Scoop a dark and painful chapter in Canada's history, Bennett said.
“Their stories are heartbreaking,” Bennett said. “They talked of their identity being stolen. They talked about not really feeling that you belong anywhere because people have been moved so often or that they didn't really have a home.”
Too many Indigenous children are still being taken from their families, they added, insisting Ottawa must change the current design of the system to ensure funding goes toward children, family and communities rather than lawyers, agencies and non-Indigenous foster families.
“We want that overhaul to happen so that we a system of the rights and well-being of Indigenous children and youth to be raised in their language and culture and not have this harm done that was done to these courageous people,” they said.
The agreement is a ”first step” in resolving '60s Scoop litigation, Bennett added, noting the federal government is committed to working with other Indigenous Peoples affected.
The provinces and territories are also working on resolving remaining litigation, they said, adding individual compensation will be determined among legal counsel.
The agreement in principle announced by the government is less than the $1.3 billion Brown Martel sought for victims of the Ontario Scoop in which at-risk on-reserve Indigenous children were placed in non-Aboriginal homes from 1965 to 1984 under terms of a federal-provincial agreement.
In a class action started in 2009, Brown Martel maintained the government had been negligent in protecting them and about 16,000 other on-reserve children from the lasting harm suffered from being alienated from their heritage.
Jeffery Wilson, one of their lawyers, said previously the class action was the first anywhere to recognize the importance of a person's cultural heritage and the individual harm caused when it is lost.
With files from Colin Perkel
Kristy Kirkup, The Canadian Press
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
If you've ever been to a festival you'll know that they're usually strictly animal-free zones, meaning you have to leave your poor pooches at home – but why should our furry friends have to miss out on all the fun?
That's the thinking behind a brand new and unique festival taking place at a site near Bristol later this year.
Organised by leading pet wellbeing charity PDSA and taking place at Cheltenham Racecourse in May, PetLife is the UK's first ever dedicated dog-friendly festival and is not only for pet-owning music fans but their canine companions, too.
In addition to being a fun and unique idea for a festival there's also a huge line-up to go with it with Kaiser Chiefs, Jessie J and The Vamps all announced so far.
Visitors can also explore a whole host of different festival areas including a performance arena, pet wellbeing zones, 2km and 5km walking routes, dog training and play spaces, a farmer's market and food areas as well as enjoying those three chart-topping acts.
Tickets for the festival are now on sale with all proceeds going to PDSA to help provide life-saving care for the 470,000 sick and injured animals the charity cares for each year.
James McVey from The Vamps, whose album Night & Day topped the album charts last summer, said: “My cat Mickey means the world to me. I know I can provide the vet care they need, but not everyone is so fortunate and that's why PDSA is so important.
“We're all looking forward to this special gig and raising much-needed funds for such a great charity.”
Tickets for PDSA PetLife'18 are on sale now at here. For ticket buyers wishing to bring their canine companions to the festival, dogs must be registered in advance as places will be limited and available on a first come first served basis.
If you ignore the rumors that Walt Disney was a raging racist, the fact that Disney has ruthlessly crushed its competition, how its animated princesses have created impossible body images for today's youth or that Frozen has made toddlers across the country totally intolerable, then Disney is great!
Tonight was Dancing with the Stars' Disney night, meaning the impossible magic of scripted cartoons was in the air (and Erin Andrews dressed straight out of a holiday blockbuster). Each couple danced to a song from a Disney classic, such as... uhhh, Wreck-It-Ralph, Cars 3 and Mulan? Ehh, fine.
How did ABC use corporate synergy to please its overlords? Let's recap the dances and then find out who was banished from the Magic Kingdom forever.
Dancing with the Stars
Rashad Jennings with Emma Slater - Foxtrot - "Evermore" by Josh Groban from Walt Disney Pictures' Beauty and the Beast
The dance: Football players in outrageously un-tough outfits is kind of my jam, and Rashad's Beastly costume probably even had Eli Manning saying, "What a dweeb." Following last week's weepy contemporary breakthrough in tribute to their father, Rashad showed a lot of versatility with this routine that felt ripped straight out of the film, animated or Emma Watson version, take your pick. There may have been less emotion than last week, but I was impressed by Rashad's range and ability to jump into an entirely new style well.
What the judges said: Len said they haven't seen Rashad dance a bad dance, but there were some footwork issues. The judges agreed that the song was a difficult one to keep time to, but that they mostly pulled it off. Carrie Ann compared Rashad to a wild horse, whatever that means!
The score: 32/40, with Carrie Ann giving the low score of 7 and Julianne handing out a 9. They're safe, according to these new rules of telling couples they're safe extra early.
Nick Viall with Peta Murgatroyd - Jazz - "I've Got No Strings" as sung by Dickie Jones from Pinocchio
The dance: Finally, after weeks and weeks of trashy Top 40 songs from Nick's iPod Shuffle, a classic jam that's actually great! And I'm wondering if Nick understands the irony of this song and how it applies to him, since he's basically a Ken doll. Actually, I think Nick does get it, and this was exactly the breakout we wanted to see from him. At least from a personality standpoint; the whole routine was very fun. Technically, Nick was a half step behind a lot of the times, but it was worth it because Nick finally showed that surprising side of themselves when they know he's not on camera. If Nick can continue this, he'll stick around a few more weeks.
What the judges said: Julianne loved the choreography and thought it was fun. Bruno loved the cross-dressing Can Can, and Carrie Ann thought it was a breakthrough.
The score: 34/40, by far their best score of the season.
Erika Jayne with Gleb Savchenko - Viennese Waltz - "Unforgettable" by Sia from Finding Dory
The dance: Erika 2.0 continued as the sassy pop princess turned it down for another routine that was on the borderline of classy! You go, girl. Seriously, it was like, "Who IS this?" Erika came out and flowed, rather than jerked around, and combined with the stripped-down set and gorgeous blue gown, it totally transformed their persona. What's more, this looked like the most fun they have had on the show. Did you know Erika had this in her? Because I didn't. If Dancing is really about transformation, then Erika is killing it.
What the judges said: "My darling, I think I met you for the first time," Bruno said, basically speaking for all of us. "It was an honest performance, my darling." Carrie Ann said they were "elongated" and there's a joke there somewhere but this is Disney night so I will keep my trap shut.
The score: 32/40, another personal high tonight. However, it's probably too late for her, and I think she's going home.
Heather Morris with Maksim Chmerkovskiy (note: Maks was injured and was replaced by another dancer from the troupe) - Jazz - "For the First Time in Forever" by Idina Menzel and Kristen Bell, music & lyrics by Kristen Anderson-Lopez and Robert Lopez, from Frozen
The dance: A Heather dance is always worth getting excited for... or maybe not. It took a lot of time for the dance to even start as Heather and Alan pranced around and performed a skit more than an actual dance (she threw a snowball at him!), and even when it got going there still wasn't a whole lot of jazz "content" (DWTS buzzword!!!). However, the dancing -- when they finally got to is -- was solid, of course. I guess that's the big question with Disney night... are we dancing or Disneying? Maybe I'm a traditionalist, or maybe I just hate Frozen, but gimme more dancing than a stripped-down version of a movie that I can't wait to get out of. Oh god, I'm old, sorry.
What the judges said: Carrie Ann and Len didn't really love it, but Julianne and Bruno loved it. The difference was the interpretation of the performance, which Julianne and Bruno saw as a character-driven performance and an embodiment of the Disney night theme. Sorry to poop all over this party, but I'm with Carrie Ann and Len.
The score: 34/40. Sure.
Bonner Bolton with Sharna Burgess - Tango - "When Can I See You Again?" by Owl City from Wreck-It Ralph
The dance: The Sharner Shipping Club has been wanting to see these two do the tango for weeks now and Bonner and Sharna pulled off a nice dance, one of Bonner's best, for sure. You have to remember that Bonner has all kinds of metal inside of them after their accident, so they might not be able to go as big as he'd like. But he's really working on what they can, and they made huge leaps with their posture and framing, a key to looking like he's taking the lead. This was good, but maybe not great.
What the judges said: Len was excited that there wasn't a whole lot of "messin' about" in this routine, an obvious dig at Heather's performance and classic Len shade. Carrie Ann said they wanted to see them go "BEE BO." And nope, I'm not providing context.
The score: 30/40, and Bonner's face when they got their first 7 made me sad. They were crushed.
Normani Kordei with Valentin Chmerkovskiy - Paso Doblé - "I'll Make a Man Out of You" by Donny Osmond from Mulan - Live Performance by Donny Osmond
The dance: Hey everyone, Donny Osmond is alive! To me, this was a great way to bring Disney into the dance. There were props as the routine was fight-themed, and the actual content (there I go again) was EVERYWHERE. On top of all that, Normani beat the s--- out of Val with some quality fight choreography in between Normani's tippy-toe moves that would absolutely leave me in the hospital if I tried them. Let's not forget that the Paso Doblé is the hardest dance to do, which makes Normani's mastery of it even more impressive. This kicked ass, and Normani even had the knowhow to capture the character well. Seriously, this had everything. Perfect 10s are coming.
What the judges said: Julianne said this dance helped little girls believe they can do anything. They were really stoked! Carrie Ann's jaw was dropped and they just looked ahead in disbelief. Even Len was smiling ear to ear!
The score: 39/40, with Len giving the lone 9.
David Ross with Lindsay Arnold - Jive - "Ride" by ZZ Ward from Cars 3 - Live Performance by ZZ Ward
The dance: Dad Rock Dad came out tonight, leaving some of the goofiness behind in favor of some jiving, and it peeled back another layer of the enigma known as David Ross. Their greatest strength is their ability to surprise, because you just don't think they can pull off the challenges each week. The Jive is fast paced, so David was wheezing halfway through this, but they still impressed out there in a fire-engine red racing jumpsuit and kept pace with Lindsay, who could wear out a hummingbird. My only question: What's a ZZ Ward?
What the judges said: Bruno said it looks like David needed an oil change and some new tires. Carrie Ann said men were at home drinking beer telling David to "bring it home." Len and Julianne said David was a little flat-footed.
The score: 29/40. I guess they watched a different dance than I did!
Nancy Kerrigan with Artem Chigvintsev - Jazz - "That's How You Know" by Amy Adams from Enchanted
The dance: Screw it, I hope Nancy wins the whole thing. She's great. The world of Disney can be so saccharine and silly, but when Nancy steps into that world it seems so fitting that you expect bluebirds and squirrels to swarm them like she's Snow frickin' White. A colorful set piece and Nancy's beaming smile and form went together so well that there's a chance that they are an actual Disney princess and we're really living in the world of Enchanted. Dang, mind blown.
What the judges said: Carrie Ann said she's the most princess-like of everyone. Julianne said they were so caught up they almost forgot to judge the dance.
The score: 36/40, all 9s but they really could have gotten a 10 in there.
Simone Biles with Sasha Farber - Contemporary - "How Far I'll Go" performed by Auli'i Cravalho, music & lyrics by Lin-Manuel Miranda, from Moana - Live Performance by Auli'i Cravalho
The dance: Sasha and Simone are such a dangerous couple because Sasha loved to push limits and Simone is the type of partner who can match their extravagant choreography. This was half gymnastics floor routine and half contemporary dance, which worked well, because it was under the contemporary umbrella. Sasha threw them in the air backwards, Simone sprung around like they were wearing springs on their shoes, and Simone handled the contemporary movements perfectly. Well done. (But not as good as Normani.)
What the judges said: "Sasha, it was a smasha!" said Len. I also learned that Julianne's knowledge of Disney stuff is really in depth! "I think gravity doesn't apply to you," said Bruno.
The score: 38/40, with Julianne and Bruno providing the 10s.
Who got eliminated? It came down to Erika and Gleb vs. Nick and Peta, and just as I thought, Erika said goodbye. And of course it happened after their best dance because of the odd scoring system. Oh well, she'll have to go back to their millions of dollars.
Dancing with the Stars airs Monday nights at 8/7c on ABC.
ISTANBUL May 3 Turkey's new sovereign wealth fund has signed a framework agreement with an Islamic Development Bank (IDB) unit to develop Islamic mortgages and different types of cooperation with the bank will be on the agenda, the fund's head said.
Turkey's government has already transferred stakes worth billions of dollars in Turkish Airlines, major banks and other companies to the fund, which was set up last year, partly to help finance big-ticket infrastructure projects.
Fund chairperson Mehmet Bostan told reporters late on Tuesday the fund had authority to support mega projects but its priority is to invest in leading global industries in areas like technology, telecoms and energy.
Bostan said financial technology was one of the fund's areas of operation, adding it was working on a joint payment platform and mobile banking and may buy or establish a company in this area.
The Turkish fund has received invites from other national funds and was negotiating with two of them after signing an agreement with the Russian Direct Investment Fund (RDIF), Bostan added. (Reporting by Ceyda Caglayan; Writing by Tuvan Gumrukcu; Editing by Daren Butler)
All weddings are a combination of old tradition, superstition, and new ideas. But in addition to all the sweet, ancient folklore, like "something borrowed, something blue," there's often a strange, sinister edge. Weddings have always been thought to be strongly symbolic ceremonies, and that's attracted some peculiar beliefs over the centuries — and some particularly creepy wedding superstitions. And many modern wedding rituals have emerged from cultural superstitions designed to welcome good luck and ward off evil, and though they're very long distant from those origins today, they still have a creepy echo in the background.
These days, brides and grooms make their own rituals and luck, and people often hold onto folk beliefs about, say, crossing the threshold first as a way of honoring history. But it wasn't very long ago that wedding superstitions, from the innocent (throwing shoes at the happy couple) to the more worrisome (warding off the supernatural in case demons come for the wedding party), were very real. And they've still got real power in some circles. Don't let your old-fashioned grandmother hear you say that you're intending on wearing green to make an eco-friendly statement, or plan to leave the chapel first. You might get some unexpected lecturing.
1 Being Pelted With Shoes For Good Luck Wikimedia Commons The origins of throwing rice or confetti at couples as they emerge from the church appears to date back to the Roman era, where a barley-cake was often broken or crumbled over the head of the bride to grant their fertility and prosperity. But in Tudor times, according to a compendium of folklore beliefs, it was common for brides and grooms to be showered with something much less charming than colorful paper when they departed from the church. As they made their way into married life, they were followed by a storm of old shoes. This is likely where the idea of tying shoes to the bumper of the wedding car came from, but the original tradition must have been both odd and, for the horses drawing the carriage itself, frankly terrifying.
2 Keeping Away Trolls Using Appalling-Smelling Brides Wikimedia Commons A lot of wedding superstitions in ancient cultures revolved around inviting good luck and banishing bad — and supernatural agents of bad luck, from ghosts to fairies, were all considered to be potential threats to the couple's happiness. The 1903 Encyclopedia Of Superstition, Folklore, & The Occult Sciences Of The World contains a lot of bizarre ideas about folkloric traditions, but their wedding section is particularly full of demon-banishing ideas. Ancient Swedish tradition, the authors note, may have dictated that brides "sewed garlic, rosemary and cloves into their wedding garments" because the smell would keep away trolls who were interested in stealing women. And they argue that the idea of rice-throwing itself may have evolved from the barley-cake tradition of Rome into a way to "keep" the souls of the wedded couple, which, like birds, might escape and be taken by demons.
3 Don't Wear Green, Or Else Philip Welch/Wikimedia Commons A collection of folklore from the British Isles published in 1947 explains that ancient Irish and Scottish tradition forbade the bride from wearing green anywhere on their body. This was less of a problem in the 1940s, when the fashion for white wedding dresses became firmly established, but more of an issue in previous centuries, as brides would often simply wear their best dress to the ceremony; white was often off-limits to anybody but the very, very rich. Green, however, was seen as dangerous. "The color green is the fairies' color," the folklorists explained, "and they would resent the wearing of it by humans at a wedding and destroy the wearer." These were not cute little glittery fairies; they were powerful beings who were believed to steal babies from their cribs and cause illness and death, so this wasn't a warning to be underestimated.
4 Walking Down The Aisle On Fresh Animal Skins Wikimedia Commons According to an 1851 record, a region of England had one of the oddest decorating traditions on record for wedding ceremonies. "It was customary," the record says, "to strew the path of the church with emblems of the bridegroom's calling; carpenters walk on shavings; butchers on the skins of slaughtered sheep... blacksmiths with old iron, rusty nails, etc". It was meant to be good luck, but sounds kind of hellish. And while that tradition died out, the book notes, a butcher's wedding in 1902 apparently had a "guard of honour" outside the church where "other butchers greeted the couple by 'ringing the bells' on marrow-bones and cleavers". Now that sets a certain tone.
5 Ignoring Your 20th Anniversary So You Didn't Die State Library Queensland/Wikimedia Commons The Victorians loved romance, sentimentality, weddings and all kinds of celebration, and many of their wedding ideas are still popular today; Queen Victoria's white, opulent wedding dress is a case in point. But there were still strong threads of tradition running through their happy events. According to historians, the 20th wedding anniversary wasn't celebrated at all in the houses of Victorians, because of an old Scottish belief that acknowledging that particular year would mean both husband and wife would die within the year. For no apparent reason. These days, it's the china anniversary, but back then it passed with absolutely no comment at all.
DENVER — The San Diego Padres have placed first baseman Eric Hosmer on the family medical leave list.
The Padres hope to have them back in the lineup Friday, manager Andy Green said before Tuesday's game against the Colorado Rockies.
Green said only that Hosmer "had some things they needed to go home and take care of. Respecting their privacy and their family's wishes, we'll just kind of leave it at that right now."
In addition, the team selected the contract of left-hander Eric Lauer from Triple-A El Paso. They will start Tuesday.
Related Coverage How to Protect Yourself from Cyber Criminals This Holiday Season
NEW LONDON, Conn. (WTNH) — The lobby of the New London Police Department may be where some people buy their next TV or gently-used jacket.
Police aren't going into the retail business, but rather, they are continuing their effort to improve safety for citizens. The department has established its lobby as a Safe Exchange Zone.
“We've actually received a handful of complaints from people who've been scammed by others through online transactions,” said New London Police Chief Peter Reichard.
So the next time you see something on Facebook or Craigslist that you want to buy, you can do the transaction in the police department's lobby.
“I think it's a good idea to have that just to cover everybody and protect them,” said Jackie Kiefer of Mystic.
“The last thing I bought on Craigslist was a rebounder,” said Joey Adriani of Niantic. “Things where you bounce up and down on.”
Many other departments police encourage people like Adriani to use their parking lot as a safe place to make a website-based transaction.
Related Content: How to Protect Yourself from Cyber Criminals This Holiday Season
The New London Police Department lobby and parking lot are under 24-hour video surveillance and they are available to anyone 24-hours a day, 7-days a week, and no appointments are necessary. No weapons are allowed.
“I brought them with me because I went to the person's house,” said Adriani who says Joe Pasquantino waited in the car for him.
Now, those who find bargains on Craigslist, Facebook, and other online sites can make their exchange in this lobby or the police department's parking lot.
“If there are any problems, they can probably take care of it right there,” said Pasquantino.
Police say while the lobby is a safe place to exchange items, it is important to note that all sales are civil matters. Police don't get involved in the transaction and residents don't have to tell police why they're there.
“Just come into the lobby, take care of your business, and go on your way,” said Chief Reichard.
Pasquantino has never bought anything on Craiglist.
“Just never felt comfortable having people come to my house to do the exchange,” said Pasquantino.
Jackie Keifer has sold one big item online.
“I was a little nervous when we… we put our car online and people came to the house.”
Both now no longer have to worry about stranger danger at their house or the other person's.
“You might go in and never come out,” said Adriani.
Police warn if someone is unwilling to meet at the police department to complete a transaction, it is probably not a legitimate transaction. They say “Always be safe!”
Ronaldo hit with five-match ban after shoving referee
by Reuters News 14 Aug 2017, 19:52 IST
Soccer Football - Barcelona v Real Madrid Spanish Super Cup First Leg - Barcelona, Spain - August 13, 2017 Real Madrid's Cristiano Ronaldo walks off dejected after being sent off REUTERS/Juan Medina
(Reuters) - Cristiano Ronaldo was banned for five matches for pushing the referee after they were shown a red card against Barcelona in Real Madrid's 3-1 Spanish Super Cup first leg victory on Sunday, the Spanish Football Federation (RFEF) said on Monday.
Ronaldo was sent off in bizarre fashion, collecting a yellow card for taking their shirt off during a goal celebration before being shown a second for diving.
Upset by referee Ricardo De Burgos Bengoetxea's decision to dismiss him, Ronaldo shoved the official, which landed them in further hot water.
RFEF issued Ronaldo with a 3,005 euro ($3,543.20) fine and a four-match suspension in addition to the automatic one-game ban the player was due to serve for their red card.
Ronaldo, who struck a spectacular second goal for a dominant Madrid, will miss the Super Cup second leg at the Santiago Bernabeu on Wednesday and the club's first four La Liga matches.
Having featured in the Confederations Cup for Portugal, the striker only returned to training earlier this month. They came on as a substitute in the UEFA Super Cup win over Manchester United on Aug. 8.
($1 = 0.8481 euros)
(Reporting by Rik Sharma, editing by Pritha Sarkar)
Get Manchester United FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Irene and Jeff Neal will mark their 60th wedding anniversary on Thursday with a glass of bubbly.
But, just like every other year, their ­celebration will be muted. For their wedding day was one of the saddest of their lives.
No photographs, no music, no revelry – and the honeymoon was cancelled.
Just two days earlier, on February 6, 1958, Irene's brother Mark Jones died in the Munich air crash which wiped out most of the Manchester United team, known as the Busby Babes after manager Sir Matt.
Centre-half Mark, a former England schoolboys captain, was 24.
(Image: Mirrorpix.com)
Team-mates Tommy Taylor, Geoff Bent, Eddie Colman, Roger Byrne, Billy Whelan and David Pegg were killed. Duncan Edwards, one of England's finest ever ­players, died in hospital 15 days later.
The death toll was 23 and included sports reporters and backroom United staff.
Irene and Jeff were numbed. But they went ahead with the wedding – ­“because doing it later wasn't going to hurt any less, it might even reopen the wounds”.
So on the morning of February 8, a ­grieving Irene put on their wedding dress and married their fiancé Jeff, 20.
(Image: Getty)
Then they hurried out of the back door of the church and were taken home, where Irene put their mourning clothes back on. So began their 60-year marriage.
Now, 81, Irene sits behind drawn curtains in Barnsley, South Yorks. and recalls: “There was no music, no wedding march. Can you imagine trying to get people to sing after all that was happening?
"The church was so mobbed with press photographers they had to let us out of the back door but no one got a picture.”
Irene's day was ­already over­shadowed by the death weeks earlier of their mum Lucy, 61. They wanted to wear black on their ­wedding day in mourning for Lucy – but Mark ­persuaded them they should wear white.
Irene obliged, but they recall: “My dad said I looked lovely but I didn't feel lovely at all. I cancelled the ­photographer. I didn't want pictures. The only picture I've got of me in that dress is one we took a year later.
“Jeff's mother had two sons and wanted wedding pictures to go either side of their hearth, so we ­decided to take one.”
Of Mark, Irene says proudly: “He was a local celebrity. When they came home from Manchester at weekends, kids used to wait outside the house.”
(Image: Sunday Mirror)
United, League champions the previous two seasons, were returning from a European Cup tie in Belgrade when their plane stopped at snow-hit Munich‑Riem airport to refuel.
Bad weather twice prevented it taking off but the all-clear was given for a third ­attempt and the players climbed back onto British European Airways Flight 609.
The twin-propeller plane failed to reach sufficient speed and skidded across the runway, through a fence, across a road and into a house. Busby and others – including Sir Bobby Charlton – survived and would go on to lead United to further greatness.
(Image: Getty)
Irene recalls a reporter knocked at the door, asking if she'd heard the news from Germany. They say: “I was in shock. We didn't even have a phone. I ran to the phone box and called Manchester but they didn't know anything.
“That night we sat in listening to the radio for any news. We jumped when they read Matt Busby's name out as a survivor – thinking it would be our Mark. But it wasn't.
“I can't imagine Mark wanting to get on that plane a third time after they tried to take off twice.”
(Image: Getty)
The next day a police officer called and confirmed Mark had died. It was 24 hours ­before Irene's wedding.
They say: “It was awful. Waiting wasn't going to bring Mark back so we got on with it. But it wasn't a happy day.”
Manchester United are marking the crash anniversary with a memorial service at Old Trafford on Tuesday. A clock at the stadium shows the date of the disaster and is set to 3.04pm, the time of the crash.
(Image: Getty)
Irene and Jeff will mark the date quietly, at home. On Thursday they will share a meal with sons Jeff, 57, and Glenn, 49.
Irene adds: “We've had a long and happy marriage, despite the start. It doesn't ever stop hurting or really get any easier. It is just less intense as time goes on.
“I don't like February. It's a sad time and it's hard that my anniversary is so close to the tragedy. Still I think I made the right decision getting on with it when I did. It wouldn't have got any easier.”
OTTAWA — Federal officials have rejected requests from more than 1,500 organizations for funding through the government's premier summer jobs program, a 12-fold increase since the Liberals added new criteria for funding that have drawn the ire of faith-based groups.
Last year, the government rejected 126 applications for a variety of reasons, such as not meeting funding requirements or missing details on their forms.
This year, officials have rejected 1,561 applications for the same reasons, but also for objecting to the wording of a new declaration that required jobs to be funded, as well as the main activities of groups themselves, to respect reproductive rights.
The government said it added the requirement in response to concerns officials heard that funding through the popular jobs program had gone towards paying for students to protest outside abortion clinics or create and distribute graphic anti-abortion pamphlets.
Mother Jones, WashPost, NYT, CNN and Yahoo all exposed as deep state propaganda puppets in shocking FISA memo by: Mike Adams – Natural News
The most horrific political scandal in the history of our nation is breaking now. The FISA memo has been released. (FISA stands for Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act.)
Read the full text of the shocking memo at this Axios link or find a short summary at the Washington Examiner. It's also available at this House.gov link, but that link seems to be inoperable due to a surge of traffic.
Among other stunning revelations of deep state criminality, treason and “weaponization of the intelligence community,” the memo reveals that numerous left-leaning media outlets conspired with deep state criminals to knowingly publish false, salacious information in an attempt to overthrow the elected government and install Hillary Clinton as President.
“…the firm behind the [Trump] dossier, Fusion GPS, briefed major American news outlets to include New York Times, Washington Post, CNN, New Yorker, Yahoo and Mother Jones,” reports Fox News, referring to the collusion between deep state operatives and anti-Trump media outlets.
The “dossier,” of course is the utterly fabricated collection of malicious lies produced by Fusion GPS — with funding from the Clinton campaign — to create fake evidence that could be taken to the FISA court in order to earn approval for spying on Trump campaign members. This gross abuse of power constitutes the most egregious political scandal in America's history, easily dwarfing the Watergate fiasco.
Mother Jones, CNN and other deep state #FakeNews media liars now caught red-handed
Mother Jones, the Washington Post, NYT, CNN and other malicious anti-Trump publishers have now been caught red-handed peddling false, fake “intelligence” that turns out to be not just complete fiction but even treasonous fiction.
Will these publishers come clean and apologize for their complicity in this scandal? Of course not. They will double down on their lies, attack the memo and try to pull the wool over the eyes of their own readers, all while openly attempting to overthrow the democratically-elected President of this nation. These radical left-wing fake news organizations, it turns out, are willing to sacrifice any last shred of credibility they once had in a last-ditch attempt to unseat an elected President and destroy the very concept of democracy.
Above all, these memo revelations reveal that the left-leaning media is a clear and present danger to America. They were all willing to lie, collude and publish false “facts” in a coordinated effort to overthrow the government and override the will of the People. Note that I was the first independent media journalist to correctly label these organizations “journo-terrorists.” The FISA memo confirms almost everything I've said about the lies and corruption of the dishonest left-wing media (and their danger to a free society).
Learn More – Natural News
Sharing is caring!
× Saudi Arabia lifts 35-year ban on movie theaters
Saudis will soon be able to go to the movies for the first time more than 35 years.
From early next year, commercial movie theaters will be granted licenses, Saudi Arabia's Ministry of Culture and Information said in a statement on Monday. It expects the first cinemas to open their doors in March.
“This marks a watershed moment in the development of the cultural economy in the Kingdom,” Minister of Culture and Information Awwad Alawwad said in the statement.
Saudi Arabia is undergoing an economic overhaul under Vision 2030 — a blueprint for what the economy could look like over the next decade to reduce its reliance on oil.
The government hopes that opening movie theaters will act as a catalyst for economic growth and diversification, creating new employment opportunities and providing Saudis with a greater range of entertainment options.
There are currently very few entertainment attractions in the conservative society. Many Saudis visit neighboring countries for vacations and leisure time. The Saudi government wants more of them to spend their money at home.
And there are signs that some restrictions are already being relaxed under the country's crown prince, Mohammed Bin Salman, who has vowed to destroy “extremist ideologies” and return to “a more moderate Islam.”
Women are being given the right to drive, and from next year will be allowed to enter the country's biggest sporting venues. Men and women have already been mixing at major conferences, and the kingdom also hosted music concerts this year.
The Ministry of Culture said it plans to have 300 cinemas with more than 2000 screens by 2030. It was not immediately clear which movie genres will be shown, and whether men and women will be allowed to sit together.
Saudi Arabia is likely to turn to regional cinema operators as movies need to be subtitled in Arabic and censored to remove scenes of nudity and of a sexual nature.
Novo Cinemas, based in the United Arab Emirates, is already considering the opportunity.
“We are absolutely studying our options to enter the Saudi market… it's an important market,” CEO Debbie Kristiansen told CNNMoney.
Another UAE-based operator, Vox Cinemas, said in a statement it was looking forward to “working with the government to introduce VOX Cinemas' world class offering to Saudi Arabia in the months and years ahead.”
Under Vision 2030, Saudi Arabia plans to pump a billion of dollars into entertainment projects and rev up its tourism sector. The government hopes that opening cinemas will contribute more than 90 billion riyals ($24 billion) to the economy and create tens of thousands of jobs.
Saudi Arabia has already announced plans to build resorts on about 100 miles of the Red Sea's sandy coastline, and wants to open a Six Flags theme park by 2022.
This Sunday the city will be packed with people hoping to achieve a personal best in this year's Perkins Great Eastern Run.
This annual event is a highlight in the city's calendar and one which attracts more and more people each year since its return in 2006.
Running has grown in popularity over recent years, partly thanks to the sporting achievements of Mo Farah and the rest of Team GB in the London and Rio Olympic Games.
However, I think it's also down to the freedom it offers and its ability to fit easily into our modern lives.
Running (and walking, my personal favourite) are the few forms of exercise that can be done alone and in almost any environment. You don't need any expensive equipment, you just put on your shoes and go.
The health benefits of regular exercise and getting out into the fresh air are undeniable and we all know we should be doing a lot more of it.
So with that in mind, I've got two messages for you ahead of this Sunday's race event. Firstly, I'd like to wish everyone participating in the half marathon and the Anna's Hope 5km Fun Run an enjoyable and successful day. And secondly, I'd like to invite everyone reading this column to make time this weekend for a 30 minutes walk or run. If you want to tie it in with watching the Perkins Great Eastern Run in action, the route is on www.perkinsgreateasternrun.co.uk However, one of the best locations to watch the runners pass is Cathedral Square.
If you'd like to dust off your running shoes, but need a bit of practice, the very first Santa Stroll will be happening in the city on Saturday, December 17. This 5km walk, run or jog is a chance for everyone in the city to get their festive fitness fix just before the big day itself. All while raising money for charity. Everyone taking part will be given Santa outfits, including a beard and belt. Entry is £15 for adults, £10 for youths (9 to 14), £7 for juniors (5 to 8) and £40 for families. £1 from each runner will be pledged to raise funds for the Mayor's charities.
Entry forms are now available from Serpentine Green Shopping Centre and the Visitor Information Centre in the city centre.
Sticking with the health theme, we've just started October, which means the start of Public Health England's annual Stoptober campaign.
As an ex-smoker of 51 years, I can tell you how much better I felt when I'm finally kicking the habit. In truth, it had been making me feel sluggish and unhealthy for years and my one regret is not doing it 20 years sooner.
It's not too late to take part. For more help and information search for ‘Stoptober' in a search engine or visit the Healthy Peterborough website http://www.healthypeterborough.org.uk
Last week, the name of the hotel on the new Fletton Quays site was revealed as The Hilton Garden Inn.
The Fletton Quays site is a vital regeneration site and will help to give visitors to our city a positive first impression.
By securing a loan for its development, we can accelerate its construction and gain from the interest earnt.
All councils, Peterborough included, have to be a lot smarter these days in generating additional revenue streams and this is one that will have a really positive impact on our city.
When I'm out and about I like to take the opportunity to visit different parts of the city.
Last week, whilst waiting for my wife who had an appointment at the hospital, I had a walk around the Hampton Court shopping area in Westwood.
I was really impressed with the way it had developed, as was a lady I saw shopping there who told me it had been transformed in recent years.
It reinforced to me just how important investment is in every corner of our city.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
January and its dark, diet-filled days are officially behind us - so what better way to celebrate than by stuffing your face with some bargain-price chocolate?
Despite Easter being almost two months away, Tesco has surprised many shoppers by reducing the price of its Easter eggs earlier than usual.
According to the Liverpool Echo, big discounts on Easter eggs are usually made only a couple of days before Easter weekend itself, but Tesco's unusually early discount was spotted by shoppers who quickly shared it on HotUKDeals .
The deal launched in Tesco stores yesterday (January 30) and sees Rolo, Aero, KitKat and Smarties eggs reduced to only 75p.
While the offer has got many people excited and promising to stock up ahead of Easter, many are also wondering why the ever-popular Creme Egg has been missed out - but we can't really have all our chocolate and eat it, apparently.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
The discount is running until Tuesday, February 6, so you'll need to be quick if you want to make the most of the deal.
You can shop the deal online here.
Parsing a blind copy of the weekend's Liberal resolutions, one would be forgiven for confusing it with an embryonic NDP election platform.
From a national pharmacare initiative to a move to decriminalize the possession of small amounts of illicit drugs such as heroin, there are few of the Liberal grassroots priorities set out in Halifax that a similar gathering of New Democrats could not have endorsed.
Indeed, in many cases, they did just that at their own convention back in February.
There is more to this than the long-held Liberal practice — if only for the time of a re-election campaign — of borrowing a few choices NDP promises. In their keynote address to the convention, Justin Trudeau cast next year's election as a two-way fight between their Liberals and the Conservatives.
In the process, the prime minister spent a serious amount of time arguing that Andrew Scheer was little more than a Stephen Harper clone, with nary a sentence on the NDP and its rookie leader, Jagmeet Singh.
That silence about the New Democrats should concern the Conservatives as much as the Liberal attacks on their party.
Over the past decades, a significant division of the nonconservative vote between the Liberals and the New Democrats has been key to Conservative successes. It is no accident that two of the best federal NDP scores in that party's history — recorded in 1988 and 2011 — coincided with the election of majority Tory governments. But when NDP members decided by a narrow margin to show Thomas Mulcair the door, they ended up trading a leader who was considered prime ministerial by a significant number of voters for one who is not — or at least who may not be in time for next year's federal vote.
If the New Democrats had sought to rearrange the stars in an alignment more favourable to Trudeau, they could not have acted otherwise.
If anything, the Conservative need for a split to the party's left has become greater since the party ditched the word progressive from its label to move it further to the right.
On that score, the Scheer-led party sits pretty much in the same spot on the political spectrum as it did under Harper. A year in, Scheer has yet to put a policy imprint on the party distinguishable from that of the former prime minister.
Your employer wants to hire top salespeople and is counting on HR to deliver the best. There's the old-fashioned way: collect resumes, sort for keywords, check on social networks, get referrals and interview.
But what about geotagging?
Employers often have "top performer clubs" for their salespeople. Incentives for these top performers usually involve rewards such as trips to Hawaii, the Caribbean or Italy.
"That's fairly public knowledge," said Bertrand Dussert, vice president of Human Capital Management (HCM) transformation and thought leadership at Oracle. "You can assemble the known list of salespeople and compare it to geotagged tweets." (Clues can be found on the web. For instance, see this corporate blog post, Italy Awaits Adobe's Top Sales Performers).
"And now you have a targeted list -- provided by the employer -- of their very top salespeople," Dussert said.
This type of analysis is being enabled, in part, by the shift to cloud-based HR systems. It can bring more analytics, databases and tools to users for improving hiring processes and retaining employees.
At the Oracle HCM World conference in Boston last week, there were broad questions about the risks associated with some of these new capabilities.
A new employee, at the time of hiring, might sign forms acknowledging that the company may monitor the employee's email, web use and instant messaging. For some companies, it's standard practice.
But most employees quickly forget about acknowledgement forms, said Mary Young, a principal researcher, human capital, at The Conference Board. "And most people would probably be uncomfortable if they knew their employer was reading your emails."
But where the creep factor may be strongest is due to internet-of-things technologies. Sensors in access/ID cards and even office furniture not only track locations but may be sensitive enough to record biometrics.
Companies can take this information and use it for employee analysis or to glean how teams interact, for instance who talks with whom, and to examine how office space is used.
Young said companies need to be transparent with employees if they want to retain trust. "It would just be unethical to be collecting the data without telling people you are collecting the data," they said. It would hurt employee engagement and morale. "The cost of doing that would so outstrip the benefits."
The term used to describe this trend is "quantified workforce."
"It's about measuring every human-powered process in the enterprise," said Dussert. They defined the quantified workforce this way: "If there is a human being that is doing work, that is building a product, that is interacting with a customer, I want to be able to measure it."
This deeper measurement is also providing different approaches to hiring.
LinkedIn may be more important than resumes in understanding someone's strengths. Endorsements, especially if they are from experts in the speciality, may say a lot about a person's capabilities. Code competitions, for instance, may be more important than degrees, Dussert said, when hiring a developer.
"I don't care if you went to MIT 10 years ago if you just won a Java code competition and you're top 10 in the world," they said.
Predictive analytics will play a growing role. Dussert said predictive analytics can help determine whether an employee is at risk of leaving the company. The system could analyze multiple variables, including performance rating, absenteeism and commuting time to work.
Algorithm-assisted decision making will also have a growing role in HR, but there are risks here since these systems could introduce bias into hiring.
These are new technologies and approaches enabled by social networks, big data and IoT. But it's hard to say how big of a change this will be for workers.
"The fact is we've all been measured at work for hundreds of years," said Bruce Flitcroft, the founder and CEO of IT infrastructure company Alliant Tech. "Now there's just hard data associated with it."
This story, "The strange new world of hiring and employee tracking " was originally published by Computerworld.
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Manchester United were inspired to Battle of the Buffet victory in 2004 by T-shirts worn by Arsenal, it has been revealed.
Channel 5 aired the documentary Fergie vs Wenger: The Feud on Monday night and showcased the inside story of the Premier League's greatest rivalry.
From rarely-seen clips of Sir Alex Ferguson giving team talks and archived footage of Arsene Wenger, the look back at iconic clashes between the two managers offered exclusive insight.
Not least regarding the Battle of the Buffet.
The infamous match marked the end of Arsenal's 49-game unbeaten run, but Phil Neville has recalled how spotting T-shirts worn by the opposing players before the game gave them an added boost.
(Image: Getty Images)
(Image: Reuters)
Some members of the Arsenal team wore shirts donning the phrase '50 not out' under their jerseys in anticipation of avoiding defeat.
At full-time, after United claimed a 2-0 victory, Neville and their brother Gary asked some of the Gunners if they wanted to swap shirts in a bid to expose the premature celebrations.
"We were ready," Neville continued in the documentary. "In a period of 12 months when they'd got the better of us this was our moment, Sir Alex knew it was our moment.
(Image: Reuters)
(Image: Getty Images)
"He'd placed every little bit of the last two weeks on this particular game, they are not coming to Old Trafford and they are not gonna do us.
"They had a young Spanish winger called Jose Antonio and we literally kicked them off, I think they got subbed off for all 60 minutes.
"Every time they got the ball, Gary smashed him. Next time they got the ball I smashed him, next time they got the ball Scholesy smashed them and after a bit I remember looking at them and thinking what am I doing, it's football."
Shot putter Inderjeet Singh gets 4-year ban for dope violation
New Delhi, Jul 4 (PTI) The anti-doping disciplinary panel of NADA today handed a four-year suspension to shot putter Inderjeet Singh for failing a dope test prior to the 2016 Rio Olympic Games.
The panel though admitted that NADA and NDTL did not follow the standard WADA norms while collecting the sample, as claimed by Inderjeet, but concluded that the athlete could not prove that they didn't violate anti-doping norms.
Inderjeet, who was one of the first athletes to qualify for the Rio Games, was provisionally suspended on July 26, 2016 after both their urine samples showed 'Adverse Analytical Finding' (AAF) for banned performance-enhancing substances -- androsterone and etiocholanolone.
The three-member panel concluded that they have violated article 2.1 of anti-doping code. A copy of the verdict is in possession of PTI.
"We uphold the violation of article 2.1, resulting in ineligibility of the athlete for a period of four years, commencing from the date of their provisional suspension," the panel ruled.
The panel in their verdict observed: "Article 2.1 states 'It is the athlete's responsibility that no prohibited substance enters their body. The fact that athlete has earlier tested negative for banned substances is not a valid consideration for evaluating any AAF in current list. Their intent, negligence or otherwise is secondary as it is for the athletes to disprove the findings is an AAF."
"In the present case AAF has been confirmed in both 1st and 2nd sample in each of Sample 'A' and Sample 'B'. If the sample analysis is conducted by a WADA Accreditated Laboratory (National Dope Testing Laboratory (NDTL) in this case), unless the athlete disproves the findings, the presumption is against the athlete. The athlete (Inderjeet) has endeavoured to contest the AAF by highlighting departures from established international standard of testing," the panel wrote in its report.
They however admitted that NADA and NDTL did a shoddy job in sample collection.
"We unfortunately conclude that there were departures in the analysis and collection of samples. We note neither NADA nor NDTL have owned up to the departures and forcefully contested these allegations. Without going into specifics of each deviation, we do not agree with submission of NADA. The procedure clearly deviated from WADA guidelines," the panel stated urging NADA to relook and upgrade their sample collection and analysis process.
However NADA and NDTL's lacklustre approach cannot absolve Inderjeet from their wrongdoing, they said.
"The issue remains whether the deviations had vitiated the entire testing procedure and should culminate into annulling the test results. We are not in agreement with this proposition. Despite their best efforts, the athlete's experts have not been able to prove that these evident departures from International Standards have actually resulted in AAF," it concluded
The boards are down and Peterborough's new Caribbean restaurant and bar - Turtle Bay - has been revealed.... well almost.
The public won't get a proper look inside until the opening - scheduled for June 25 - so The Peterborough Telegraph was invited down to take an early peek inside.
Turtle Bay restaurant and bar.
It's a terrific look - it certainly invokes memories of the Caribbean.
Add to that an eclectic cuisine that is influenced by a rich tapestry of ethnicities – from Creole to South Asian, there's a big variety of vibrant tastes and flavours on offer: From the signature dish of jerk chicken cooked in the jerk pit, through classics such as goat curr, Bajan beef cheeks, slow braised beef rib and jammin' lamb burger.
Not to mention the quite stunning rum cocktail menu, which is the product of a rum collection that includes no less than 40 different varieties.
“We're really excited to be bringing fabulous Caribbean food and cocktails to Peterborough. There's nothing else like it in the area and it's going to be a hot new addition to the scene,” said a spokesperson.
Turtle Bay restaurant and bar.
Well judge for yourself.
Turtle Bay restaurant and bar.
Turtle Bay restaurant and bar.
Desimone joins Kress Communications, a South-Florida based public relations firm, as a intern for the summer of 2018.  They are currently studying Public Relations as a major at the State University of New York College at Oswego in Central New York, from which they also received an associates degree in communications in June 2017.
A resident of Syracuse, N.Y., Desimone has a strong background in customer service as well as assisting in the public relations efforts with the communications team at Shrine Circus, a 112-year-old circus that performs throughout the U.S.
In their role as a registered intern earning college credits with Kress Communications, Desimone says they plan to garner as much information about the field of public relations and how practitioners put their professional skills to use for clients.
“I am looking forward to the experience of working with Kress Communications team, learning the ropes in a city of such international significance as Miami,” said Desimone, a 20-year-old Junior. “I will be assisting in providing traditional forms PR, such as press conferences and writing press releases, but I also look forward to growing my knowledge of digital communications by creating e-newsletters and social media campaigns to boost client awareness.”
Founded in 2015, Kress Communications focuses on expanding public exposure and brand awareness for non-profits, small businesses, public officials, and emerging talent across South Florida. The portfolio includes such accounts as The Barnacle Historic State Park, Prime Air & Ocean Cargo, Brickell Energy, Ladies of Valor Empowerment (LOVE) of North Miami, and rising talent Georgina Paez.
“We are thrilled to have Rob Desimone join us over the 10-week summer period, acting as a key member of the Kress Communications team,” said Bill Kress, President of Kress Communications. “We plan to tap from the fresh skills and techniques they are learning in PR school, which will no doubt broaden our appeal to the younger audience — a segment of the market that is ever changing. It is going to be a win-win experience having Rob a part of our team.” Kress is also a product of the State University of New York, graduating with an English degree from SUNY New Paltz, in the previous century.
For information, contact Kress Communications via email at info@kresscom.com or by calling 305-763-2429. Also visit https://www.facebook.com/KressCom/
BUSINESS
(Yonhap-Blizzard)
“Starcraft: Remastered,” a high-definition revamp of Blizzard Entertainment's hit PC strategy game “Starcraft,” got released Tuesday.Blizzard Entertainment held a prelaunch event for the game in Busan last month, which attracted thousands of local fans.The new edition of “Starcraft” features ultrahigh-definition 4K graphics and refreshed soundtrack, as well as improved in-game features.“The most important goal of ‘Starcraft: Remastered' has been to upgrade as many features as possible, while maintaining the gist of the gameplay experience,” said Michael Morhaime, CEO of Blizzard.Gamers flocked to social media to express excitement for the new release. One Twitter user said, “Starcraft holds a special place in my memory, and I want this classic to live on.”
CLIMATE change is widely accepted as one of the greatest threats to civilisation, so how can it possibly make sense to push ahead with shale gas exploration?
In whatever real-world scenario you choose, we will need gas to generate electricity and heat our homes for the next 20 to 30 years. This leaves us with the simple choice – should we produce and burn our own gas or rely on imports?
Anti-fracking protesters
I accept the overwhelming evidence that our globe is warming exponentially. An increase in planetary temperatures of four degrees centigrade could lead to a rise in ocean levels of 35 feet, leaving 760 million people homeless and the extinction of almost 40 per cent of our animal and plant species.
A global crisis requires a global response. Good to see, therefore, governments around the world ratifying the Paris Agreement in 2015. The UK is committed to one of the toughest national targets, reducing carbon dioxide emissions by 80 per cent by 2050. Let us hope that President Trump chooses collaboration over isolation.
Some will raise eyebrows at claims that the UK is leading action on climate change – but the UK is reducing CO2 emissions faster than any other G7 country.
The UK has never been cleaner or greener, having broken 13 renewable energy records in 2017. Last year around 28 per cent of electricity came from renewables, from only 10 per cent in 2010. Around 98 per cent of all solar installations have taken place since 2010, now powering two million UK homes.
Renewables cannot currently compete against existing coal and gas generation, so does require subsidies. These costs are predicted to treble over the next five years, from £4.6 bn in 2015-16 to £13.5 bn in 2021-22, according to figures from the Office for Budget Responsibility. We all pay for this through our electricity bills, amounting to around 20 per cent of charges.
Nevertheless, the Government is rightly determined to meet our targets. But we cannot meet all our energy needs until at least the mid-part of this century.
Gas power generation will be needed to fill gaps left by the closure of coal-powered stations and to continue to heat 22 million UK homes. Official estimates show that our reliance on imported gas will grow from the current 50 per cent to 78 per cent of our needs by 2035. Although Norway is our biggest supplier, we will increasingly need other sources including less environmentally-friendly liquefied natural gas from Qatar and, of course, from Russia.
As former Liberal Democrat Energy Minister Sir Edward Davey said in 2015: “We will need gas, as a bridge to a zero-fossil fuel future, at least for the next two or three decades. That's reality. And I'd rather use Britain's gas than Putin's gas.” Quite.
The economic opportunity is also compelling. Since 1970, the oil and gas industry has paid almost £330bn in direct upstream taxes and a report for the Institute of Directors indicated that shale gas exploration could add 64,000 jobs to the 300,000 already supported by conventional production.
My Thirsk and Malton constituency sits on top of one the country's largest potential reserves of shale gas. Both as the MP and life-long resident, I could only support exploration if there are strict controls on environmental impact, the preservation of our landscapes and the protection of other economic sectors, particularly food, farming and tourism.
The British Geological Survey will provide independent monitoring of air and water quality and seismic activity. My self-funded visit to the US shale gas capital, Pennsylvania, in 2015 left me in little doubt that these requirements can be met. The US has learned from its early mistakes and production is now well-regulated and safe.
Typically, UK regulations are even more stringent and deliver belt-and-braces levels of protection. In the report on my visit (see www.kevinhollinrake.org.uk/fracking) I argue that we need controls on the number of well-pads, proximity to settlements, traffic movements and direct access to suitable roads. I am pleased to say that many of my recommendations have been adopted within the draft York, North Yorkshire and National Park Minerals and Waste Plan. Along with colleagues, I have secured a complete prohibition of drilling and service activity in the
National Parks, Areas of Outstanding National Beauty and of Special Scientific Interest.
The physical and visual impact of a developed shale gas well pad is very low, in fact little different to the nine conventional well pads that we have had in Ryedale for the last 20+ years, so
I do not expect there to be any lasting impact on house prices. However, there are certainly short-term impacts for local residents, due to traffic movement and noise and light pollution, which is why I believe that at least some of the potential windfall of hundreds of millions of pounds should be paid directly to those residents most affected.
I have been accused of betraying my constituents by supporting exploration in my area. My answer is simple; cross-party support in Parliament determined this as a national opportunity in 2015, I cannot oppose it in my area on the basis that this is a good idea somewhere else.
Kevin Hollinrake is the Conservative MP for Thirsk and Malton.
Health officials say a child who visited a county fair in western Michigan last month is the first confirmed case of swine flu in the state this year.
The Michigan Department of Health and Human Services and the Allegan County Health Department reported the child visited the Allegan County Fair that ran Sept. 8-16, 2017. They say that because the incubation period for the illness is one to seven days, no new cases from exposure at the fair are expected.
The flu is known as a variant of H3N2 and there's currently no vaccine for it.
Symptoms of swine flu in people can be similar to other flu viruses: fever, cough, runny nose, aches and nausea.
Copyright 2017 Associated Press. All rights reserved.
Persian Playfield: Katayoun Laura Beaney February 15th 2017 2.5 min read
At the turn of the millennium, the international image of professional sportswomen in Iran was simply not there – but, times are changing. In this four part series, we applaud women that have overcome all odds to redefine the rules. Here, we share the story of Katayoun Khosrowyar the football coach that took their country's nascent female soccer scene to the next level.
“I had the chance to do something historic,” recalls Katayoun Khosrowyar, who has been an avid fan of football since the age of six. A restless child, who grew up in the States, they were prescribed football by their pro-swimmer father as a means to drain their endless energy. After the first game they were hooked, becoming increasingly vocal about their dreams of joining a national team as they grew up. During the summer of 2005, Khosrowyar discovered that they would be travelling to Iran for the first time, a chance to revisit their Iranian-Azeri roots and connect with their culture. “In order to stay in shape, I decided to train with a local indoor football (futsal) team. After two weeks of training, I was recruited by the First Women's Football Team coach for the national team,” they smile. At 17, the move would require Khosrowyar to take a difficult decision. Not only would they be abandoning their life and plans for university studies in the US, they would also have to stay in a country they hardly knew and where they couldn't speak the language. There was also a condition attached by their family – if Khosrowyar were to stay and train, they would have to complete their education, which would involve a cross-continent commute between Tehran and Birmingham. Despite these drawbacks, they had the opportunity to be a part of something groundbreaking, as the previous generation of Iranian women were not allowed to compete professionally. Them answer was a firm ‘yes'.
Women always want to be respected, not just as women in Iran, but as professional athletes Katayoun Khosrowyar
CHICOPEE - More than 100 guests gathered at the Castle of Knights Saturday for the Chicopee St. Patrick's Day Parade Committee President's Dinner.
The celebration honored, Edward A. Kenfield, the 2018 Parade Committee president; along with Laura McCarthy, the 2018 parade marshal, and Marvin Hill, who was the recipient of the 2018 Jack Woods Award.
The emcee was past president and past Woods Award winner, John Beaulieu.
The Chicopee St. Patrick's Day Parade Committee strives to promote Irish pride and culture through many year-round events including the Colleen Contest and Coronation Ball, the Holyoke St. Patrick's Parade float, and scholarships to young women who plan to further their education.
Adam Center (left) and Curtis Center (right) pose for a picture before their graduation from Wilmington University. (Photo: Courtesy of Adam Center)
From conception, Curtis and Adam Center always did everything together.
From the Claymont baseball fields where they learned to pitch to the backyards and the basements where they took their first drinks, the twins operated as a unit.
It wasn't surprising that they discovered opiates together, as well.
Opiates led to heroin, and heroin eventually led to rehab. After many attempts, rehab even led to recovery, with Curtis finding success in a program months before their brother, Adam.
The two used their experiences to reach the very people they used to be, taking back their lives by helping others as recovery counselors.
"Our life was recovery," said Adam, explaining that both men received their bachelor's degrees from Wilmington University last year and were getting master's degrees in social work.
But "recovery" is a fragile state. The grip of addiction can be impossible to shake –– even after years of sobriety.
HEROIN: Delaware's deadly crisis
IN CRISIS: Federal state of emergency could help treatment
Now, for the first time in their life, Adam is without their twin.
Curtis was found dead in their still-running car on Aug. 16, just blocks from their most recent job at Fellowship Health Resources, where they worked with those with mental illness. Their family said they died from an accidental overdose after a recent relapse with heroin.
Curtis Center poses for a picture with their daughter, Skylar. (Photo: Courtesy of the Center family)
At 36, Curtis's death shook Delaware's addiction community. Few could believe the gentle but motivated man, always strong in their recovery and leading the way for others, had lost their battle with addiction.
“I've always known that was a possibility because I've found them overdosed so many times,” Adam said. “It was like, … I can't believe this happened but I think that I was kind of mentally preparing myself … but I've never lost anyone like this.”
Adam and Curtis were alumni of nearly every rehab facility in Delaware, as patients or counselors. And between the two, the twins had stints at many facilities in surrounding states, as well.
Their stories of struggling with and overcoming addiction had great reach, and earned them credibility in The First State.
“I can't tell you how many people came by here after Curtis died and said they saved their lives,” said their stepfather, Sonny McAllister. “And I tried to tell them that they didn't. All they did was inspire them to save their own lives, to just stick with the program. That was their message.”
This year, 166 people have died in Delaware from suspected drug-related overdoses, according to the Delaware Department of Health and Social Services. Last year, that number reached 308.
"We are in the middle of a heroin epidemic," said Dr. Terry Horton, chief of addiction medicine at Christiana Care Health System. "Being in recovery from addiction gives you a chance, but it's a lifelong endeavor to remain in recovery."
With the rise of fentanyl, a white powdery substance that can pass for heroin but is at least 50 times more powerful, relapsing can have deadly effects, Horton said.
"In the current environment we're in, it becomes like Russian roulette," they said, "and instead of bullets, it's bags of heroin."
Two brothers, one path
Adam Center struggles to tell their brother's story without also recalling their own. Their lives are so tightly woven together that Adam backtracks often, the rehab centers and the overdoses blurring together in their memory.
In many ways, Adam said, they and Curtis were the quintessential heroin addicts: Young men who started out with alcohol, marijuana and then eventually – with the help of wisdom teeth surgery at the age of 20 – pills.
ACROSS DELAWARE: Six overdose deaths linked to two heroin brands, officials say
SOLUTIONS: Delaware can learn from fishing village fighting heroin
“We would progress naturally like any other 20-year-old in Claymont in the early 2000s, with Oxycontin first and foremost, and then eventually, heroin,” they said.
Both they and Curtis wound up in Delaware prisons for burglary and drug-related charges – all committed to feed their habits, Adam said. In the process, they were kicked out of their parents' home at 18, a decision both Adam and their parents, even now, describe as necessary.
Curtis Center poses with their daughter, Skylar, for a photo at Dollywood. (Photo: Courtesy of Adam Center)
By this point, both young men had dabbled in rehab. Detox became a way to “buy time,” Adam said, and a way to lower a growing habit with expensive pills and ruinous heroin. In no way was it a “commitment to recovery,” they said.
“We liked to use together,” Adam said. “We would cop together. And we started traveling to Philly."
The rumors about North Philadelphia, Kensington in particular, were the real draw – better product, better access and a better high, Adam said. The stories circulated around the detox facility on Kirkwood Highway and newspaper articles that fentanyl had hit the area.
That was in 2006, when Curtis first overdosed.
Adam found them in the bathroom, blue and passed out. They were only sniffing heroin at this point, they said, but Curtis was gone.
Then paramedics showed up, Adam said, and tried the overdose antidote naloxone. Until recently, the drug – known more commonly by its brand name Narcan – wasn't readily available to first responders encountering overdoses.
“It really scared the hell out of me,” Adam recalled. “He was gone… “I was giving them CPR to no avail and (paramedics) come in the house, hit them with Narcan and they sat up.”
Soon after, Curtis entered long-term treatment. But sobriety didn't last long.
They got out, met up with their brother and the two used again, Adam said. Then they took the leap to injecting the drug – shooting heroin, Adam said, was the game-changer.
“People glorify that way of doing it,” said Curtis' little brother, Nick Hall, who also struggled with addiction. “It's faster, it hits you harder and it takes less.”
More stints in and out of rehab followed. A bad car crash almost killed Curtis again. More overdoses came and went, but they and Adam survived – together.
Along the way, Adam struggled, too. The draw of heroin was hard to escape, and they recall the many friends and acquaintances they lost along the way. But no one could convince the young men to give up the drug.
It wasn't until 2010 that recovery found Curtis.
A ‘place of hopelessness'
Adam was shocked. Their parents were skeptical. But for Curtis, 2010 was the first time recovery seemed to be working.
Six months later, Adam made the same decision. And six months after that, Nick followed.
Buy Photo Family and friends remember Curtis Center as a loving man who sought to help others battling with addiction. (Photo: BRITTANY HORN/THE NEWS JOURNAL)
“We came from a place of hopelessness,” Adam said, “and then we were going to school, going to meetings and we all were really excited about recovery.”
“At the time,” they said, “in New Castle County, there was a big group of young people getting sober –– in, 2011, 2012, even 2013. ... It was a special time.
"The meetings were packed with young people and my brother was working at detox. We had been on the circuit for years and people knew we had been through some s***, and now we were able to use that experience to really start helping people.”
It wasn't long before Curtis found themselves first at Gateway and later, at Christiana Care Health System, working as a specialist with Project Engage, a program that introduces those in the throes of addiction to people in recovery to help them find a path forward.
The program, started in 2008, specifically employs those in recovery because they understand the experience of addiction, Horton said, and can relate on a personal level to overcoming its obstacles. They also serve as ambassadors in the hospital for staff members because they represent hope for those struggling.
SOLUTIONS: The heroin treatment many in Delaware don't know about
WHAT'S NEXT: Delaware Attorney General Matt Denn to push for addiction recovery high school
"It becomes very hopeless," Horton said. "And that was not only frustrating but painful for the staff. The engagement specialists were peer ambassadors in our hospital. They represented that people can recover, and that (addiction) was not a character issue but a medical problem."
Today, this model is replicated in hospitals throughout the country, with many more developing similar programs, they added.
For those working in recovery, the job can also serve as a daily reminder of why they stopped using.
“In early recovery, what Curtis did was not try and fit recovery into our life,” said their little brother, Nick Hall. “He showed us that we had to build our life around recovery. And recovery became the foundation to allow us to go to school and get jobs.”
But for physicians in the field, it's impossible to forget that the chronic brain disorder of addiction comes with the possibility for relapse, as is the case with many chronic illnesses.
Buy Photo Dr. Terry Horton, chief of the Division of Addiction Medicine at Christiana Care, speaks during a press conference at Legislative Hall. (Photo: GARY EMEIGH/SPECIAL TO THE NEWS JOURNAL)
"When people are in recovery for awhile, it's important that you really can't ever be too comfortable," Horton said.
That's why creating models of longstanding care that support individuals for the rest of their lives is key to fighting against this heroin epidemic, Horton said. Better access to care and making the right kind of treatment available can save lives, they stressed.
And those working in recovery take that challenge on from the front lines.
Many, including their brothers, credit Curtis with saving their lives.
"I never had goals,” Adam said. “I never knew what I wanted to be when I grew up. That kind of talk, we didn't have, and then all of a sudden, we started having it. … I just followed Curtis' footsteps.”
Dozens of posts on social media in the days after their death paid tribute to the man several credited with saving their lives. Others recalled the many they took along with them in their journey to through recovery.
“He would pull people off the streets,” recalled Erin Goldner, who met Curtis through their own recovery. “He would stop their freaking car and pull people up off the streets. He'd be like ‘Yo, you ready to get sober now? Get in the car.' They always are looking out for people. … I don't know how they helped the amount of people that they did, honestly.”
Goldner, who started Hope Street – a nonprofit aimed at raising awareness for addiction and recovery – is optimistic their work will help honor what Curtis strove to achieve every day. This weekend, their organization will honor first responders who “help those with addiction in times of crisis” from 1 p.m. to 5 p.m. Saturday at 10 S. James St. in Newport.
“I still hear their voice sometimes,” they said. “I don't know what happened, when that decision to pick back up was, but ... they were definitely a motivator. If they were around, you were going to get motivated to do something. You were going to feel something.”
Adam is frank about Curtis' past, as are their parents. Despite being the one to lead their family to recovery, Curtis struggled to stay there himself.
Sometimes, it would be one drink. Sometimes it was a bad date. But all triggers led back to heroin and a way of life Adam thought their brother had left behind for good.
“I thought they had a few months sober and I really was naive,” Adam said. “I didn't think they were gonna go back there again.”
‘I'm not giving up'
On the day of Curtis' funeral, there wasn't enough parking for the hundreds of people who flocked to their service. Adam said people told them they had to park a half-mile away just to get a spot. And though visitors started lining up a half hour before the viewing started, they still weren't finished more than three hours later.
It looked like a massive Alcoholics Anonymous meeting with the amount of people in recovery huddled inside and around Gebhart Funeral Home, Goldner recalled, adding that Curtis would have loved it.
“Our world came to an end,” said Curtis and Adam's mother, Becky McAllister. “We have to find a new normal. That's my goal.”
Tears rolling down their cheeks, they added: “I just wish they could understand, 'It's not your fault.' Addiction is not their fault.”
And though it may not always feel like that, Curtis' life taught them so many lessons – none more important than acceptance, said their stepfather, Sonny. People of all walks of life embraced their family at Curtis' service, all touched and changed by the work of one man.
Buy Photo Curtis Center's family created photo boards to display at their funeral. (Photo: BRITTANY HORN/THE NEWS JOURNAL)
“He may have had a short life,” said Sonny McAllister. “But it was a pretty good one.”
On Sept. 7, Adam celebrated their 37th birthday without their twin brother. They still haven't come to grips with the loss of their best friend, who has started appearing in their dreams.
“I really don't even know how I am,” Adam said, trailing off in thought outside their parent's home. “I'm sure I'll be dealing with this for the rest of my life.”
For years, Adam has watched addiction steal friends and acquaintances – some along the train tracks in Philadelphia's West Kensington neighborhood, some in homes and cars here in Delaware.
They refuse to let addiction beat him.
“I'm not giving up,” Adam said. “(Recovery is) a lifestyle that's far better than using. ... If you want to absolutely change your life, you gotta buy the whole package.”
Contact Brittany Horn at (302) 324-2771 or bhorn@delawareonline.com. Follow them on Twitter at @brittanyhorn.
How to get help
New Castle County hotline: (800) 652-2929
Kent and Sussex counties hotline: (800) 345-6785
HelpIsHereDE.com
Read or Share this story: http://www.delawareonline.com/story/news/local/heroindelaware/2017/10/06/delaware-shocked-heroin-took-addiction-champion/727181001/
Minnesota Wild's goalie Devan Dubnyk (40) reacts to losing 4-3 in overtime against the Los Angeles Kings in an NHL hockey game Monday, March 19, 2018, in St. Paul, Minn. (AP Photo/Stacy Bengs)
Minnesota Wild's goalie Devan Dubnyk (40) reacts to losing 4-3 in overtime against the Los Angeles Kings in an NHL hockey game Monday, March 19, 2018, in St. Paul, Minn. (AP Photo/Stacy Bengs)
ST. PAUL, Minn. (AP) - Jeff Carter's return from ankle surgery has been a big boost for the playoff-hopeful Los Angeles Kings.
Carter scored their second goal of the game with 33.8 seconds left on the clock in overtime and Los Angeles recovered after giving up a two-goal lead to beat the Minnesota Wild 4-3 on Monday night.
"The puck just finds that guy," said defenseman Drew Doughty, who had three assists. "It's unbelievable. It really is unbelievable. Two big goals again for us tonight. He's scored in almost every game he's been in, I feel like, since they got back. He's a goal scorer. They do it every single night, so they did a great job for us there once again."
Tanner Pearson and Dustin Brown also scored for the Kings, who pulled into a tie with Anaheim for third place in the Pacific Division with 86 points - and they hold the tiebreaker over the Ducks.
Jonathan Quick made 24 saves for Los Angeles, which appeared headed to a second straight loss until Brown tipped home a point shot from Doughty with 46.5 seconds left in regulation after Minnesota had taken a lead with 2:31 remaining.
"To come back, that's a huge two points for a team that we're quite honestly fighting with for position in the conference," Kings coach John Stevens said. "It had its ebbs and flows for sure, but I thought the guys showed a lot of professionalism in terms of staying with it."
Joel Eriksson Ek scored for the first time in 13 games to give the Wild a short-lived lead. Eric Staal added their 39th and Zach Parise had their second goal in three games for Minnesota.
Devan Dubnyk stopped 26 shots for the Wild, who are third in the Central Division, four points ahead of Colorado.
"They need points; so do we," Staal said. "But when you have that lead with a minute left, you want to be able to execute and get that job done. Tonight, we didn't and they got the extra one in overtime."
Pearson scored their 15th with 1:13 left in the first and Carter added their first of the game on the power play in the second. Carter has eight goals and two assists in 12 games since returning on Feb. 24 from surgery to repair a tendon in their ankle.
"I've been in the right place at the right time for a lot of my goals," Carter said.
Parise started Minnesota's comeback with their ninth of the season and Staal tied the game with 56 seconds remaining in the second. Staal has 13 goals in the past 14 games.
"Every point you get right now is great," Wild coach Bruce Boudreau said. "To get into the next category, the 90 points, is really big. Again, we had the lead with a minute to go and then we didn't do the right things in the overtime."
NOTES: Los Angeles F Trevor Lewis left the game with an upper body injury and did not return. ... Kings D Derek Forbort left the game in the first after they were cut near their ear by Zach Parise's skate but did return in the second. ... Per the Elias Sports Bureau, Staal could join Gordie Howe as the only players in NHL history with at least nine seasons between 40-goal campaigns. Staal has their most since scoring 40 in 2008-09. ... Los Angeles C Alex Iafallo was scratched for the first time since Jan. 4, a span of 32 games. Andy Andreoff was in the lineup after being scratched 11 games in a row. ... Minnesota got three assists from its defensemen. Wild defenseman have now accounted for 36 goals and 142 assists this season. Their 178 points from the blue line is second only to Nashville's 181 this season.
UP NEXT
Kings: At Winnipeg on Tuesday night.
Wild: Are off until hosting Nashville on Saturday.
___
More NHL hockey: https://apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey
Justin Rose has decided to count their blessings instead of agonising over the one that got away as they target a second US Open title at Erin Hills.
Rose could easily have travelled to Wisconsin as a multiple major champion with a green jacket to go with their Olympic gold medal, if not for an inspired performance in the Masters by Sergio Garcia.
I've been fortunate in some big tournaments, this one (the US Open) and the Olympics, where things have gone my way. For the most part when I've been in contention in the biggest of events. Justin Rose
Two shots behind after 12 holes of the final round, Garcia pulled their drive on the 13th into the trees and was forced to take a penalty drop, but managed to save par before carding a birdie on the next and a spectacular eagle on the 15th.
Rose birdied the 15th and 16th to keep their nose in front, only to bogey the 17th and eventually suffer their second runners-up finish at Augusta National in three years when Ryder Cup team-mate Garcia birdied the first play-off hole.
“I feel really good about the way I played and my execution down the stretch for the most part,” the 36-year-old said.
“I also think you'd be naive to think you can go throughout your whole career and not have one that gets away.
“I've been fortunate in some big tournaments, this one (the US Open) and the Olympics, where things have gone my way. For the most part when I've been in contention in the biggest of events, they've gone my way right at the death.
“So it is one that got away for sure, but I think that's part of the game so I'm fully accepting of it.
“I only really judge it at the end of the year, because if I win this week or (the Open) at Birkdale or the PGA Championship, I'm going to walk away believing it's a fantastic year.
“And I feel like this tournament could be the first since the Masters where I really feel motivated to try to get the game peaking again.”
Rose has recorded five top-10s in major championships since their victory at Merion in 2013, where they became the first English winner of the US Open since Tony Jacklin in 1970.
And having previously said they had not heard much positive feedback about Erin Hills, the Olympic champion was pleasantly surprised by what they discovered on a scouting mission last week.
“I was very cognizant of coming in here and forming my own opinion,” Rose added. “After the first nine holes I was neutral about it and then I played the back nine and I loved it.
“It's long off the tee, which makes it demanding, but there is room to play.
“It puts driver in play and there is obviously a reward for hitting a good drive because I think the greens, depending on the weather, will likely get firm.”
Greg Hire has spoken candidly about their future.
Greg Hire has spoken candidly about their future. Picture: Getty Images
Perth vice-captain Greg Hire says he's considered the possibility they may have played their last game for their beloved Wildcats.
Hire is one of several Cats players facing free agency over the off-season, along with import trio Bryce Cotton, JP Tokoto and Derek Cooke Jr and Aussies Lucas Walker and Dexter Kernich-Drew.
It's unclear how many of that group will return to the club next season after Perth's semifinal sweep at the hands of Adelaide.
Hire is the sole local product on Perth's roster and has been a key part of building the winning culture at the franchise this decade, with their leadership and locker-room presence highly regarded.
The 30-year-old is desperate to remain at the club where he's won three titles, but said they understood the harsh reality and uncertainty that comes with free agency.
Speaking on the latest edition of The Dribble podcast alongside PerthNow and The West's Chris Robinson, a candid Hire addresses their future, their desire to keep playing, the uncertainty of the coming weeks, and dealing with the emotions of free agency.
You can listen to Hire discuss their future from the 13:36 mark of the above podcast.
The episode also addresses:
Who impressed and who flopped at the club's ‘Wacky Wednesday' celebrations (2:49)
The fallout from the last-minute capitulation against Adelaide (5:39)
Assessing Perth's season as a whole (8:53)
Did the Wildcats cover Matt Knight's loss well enough? (10:22)
The free agency uncertainty impacting several Wildcats including Greg (13:36)
Greg considers the possibility they may have played their last game for Perth (17:34)
Which Aussie free agent would be perfect for the Wildcats to chase? (20:43)
Greg's favourite moment of the season (21:42)
Subscribe on iTunes
At the point they were tasered, there was no risk of injury to any officer, or that they would be a flight risk. The use of the device in this instance was simply a tactic to punish them to force compliance
In an extremely disturbing video, an NYPD officer can be seen traumatizing a pregnant teen by shocking them with a stun gun. The teen was accused of resisting arrest on Friday night after they refused to let officers enter their apartment without a warrant.The video evidence clearly shows teenager, Dailene Rosario, 17, who is 14-weeks pregnant, being swarmed by nearly a dozen officers before being taken to the ground with the stun gun."I was resisting them because I didn't do anything wrong," Rosario told New 12 According to Rosario's familyon Friday night, but came to the family's dwelling after Rosario's boyfriend got into an altercation with their sister's boyfriend while playing a video game."The officer said, 'Oh, since you're refusing,' they grabbed my arm and I got pulled into the crowd of cops," Rosario says.Officers broke the door to the home down and arrested the sister's boyfriend while the pregnant teen was being incapacitated and driven to the floor by the 50,000 volts of electricity shocking them — and their unborn baby.Rosario was arrested for "fighting," according to police, and is charged with resisting arrest, obstructing governmental administration and disorderly conduct.The family says that Rosario sustained bruises to their body during the traumatizing incident, and that they are considering suing the NYPD.
This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here
Injured Goffin pulls out of Wimbledon
by Reuters News 14 Jun 2017, 21:20 IST
Tennis - French Open - Roland Garros, Paris, France - June 2, 2017 Argentina's Horacio Zeballos reacts during their third round match against Belgium's David Goffin Reuters / Benoit Tessier/Files
LONDON (Reuters) - World number 13 David Goffin has pulled out of this year's Wimbledon with an ankle injury, they said on Twitter on Wednesday.
The Belgian had to retire from their French Open third-round match with Horacio Zeballos this month after falling and tripping on the rolled-up court cover.
"I am very sad to announce I won't play at the Wimbledon Championships ... doctors are positive but I won't have enough time to be ready for the tournament," they said.
"I want to be 100 percent. Can't wait to be back on court."
Goffin, who beat Dominic Thiem and Novak Djokovic at the Monte Carlo Masters, had been among the favourites to make the latter stages in Paris and reached the quarter-final of this year's Australian Open.
This year's Wimbledon runs from July 3 to 16.
(Reporting by Neil Robinson; Editing by Alison Williams)
A decision on whether to grant planning permission for 425 homes to be built on land near Burton Green will no longer be made tonight (Tuesday April 24).
The plan for the homes on land between Westwood Heath Road, Bockendon Road and Cromwell Lane has been removed from Warwick District Council planning committee's agenda.
According to the council's deputy monitoring officer Graham Leach, a new Scheduled Ancient Monument has been found near the site, causing the withdrawal of the application.
Before this information came to light, council officers had recommended the plans for approval despite several objections.
A systematic investment plan (SIP) allows you to put a fixed sum of money every month in a mutual fund. But most of us get a raise in our salaries every year. This means we can afford to increase our investments. But how do you do that in an SIP that is already going on? Enter top-up or step-up facility. It is important that as your income grows, the quantum of investment should grow too.
Here's why: Say, you invest Rs5,000 every month for the next 20 years. Assuming that your fund grows at a modest 12% a year, you will end up making Rs49.46 lakh on your total investment. But if you slightly increase your SIP amount every year, once a year by 10%, then you will end up making Rs98.45 lakh. That's a difference of Rs48.99 lakh or 100%. Small additions help you in a big way later.
How to do it
Earlier, very few fund houses used to offer the facility to top-up SIPs. Now, most offer it but it is still best to check with your financial adviser or distributor which fund houses offer and which don't.
There are two ways to step up your SIPs every year. The traditional option is to simply decide how much more money per month you'd like to invest and then start a fresh SIP. You can do that either in the same scheme (but the SIPs won't get clubbed) or in another scheme in the same folio. If, however, you have an existing SIP and you want to increase your monthly contribution, very few fund houses allow you to do that midway. However, most fund houses allow you to decide the top-up amount right at the time when you start your SIP, before you pay your first instalment.
Keeping the technicalities aside, the reason why a change of SIP amount calls for a separate procedure is because an SIP is a mandate that you give your bank to debit your savings account regularly. This mandate, once registered, applies to that SIP transaction specifically, and cannot be changed. However, because of the new National Automated Clearing House (NACH) system put in place by the National Payments Corporation of India (NPCI), you can now give one-time mandates that allow you to make fresh investments at a later date, to the extent of amount and debit frequency that is registered.
Every fund house has a common application form as well as an SIP form. In the SIP form, after you fill your basic SIP details like start date, monthly investment amount and SIP end date; there are a few other details right below these that ask you if you'd like to top up your SIPs in the future. Some fund houses allow you to top up every 6 months; many others allow you an annual increase. In simple words, every year, once a year you can increase your amount and then that increased amount will be your monthly investment for that year. The following year, again, your amount will increase once, to be valid for the remainder of that year.
Keep in mind
Decide on the amount you want to increase your SIP by, or by percentage. You can also cap your amount in case you think you won't be able to afford a monthly investment beyond a point. For instance, in our example above, a 5% annual increase would mean you would need to invest Rs11,790 every month in the 10th year and Rs30,580 in the 20th (final) year. Once your monthly instalment hits the ceiling, your top-up facility stops and then you keep investing that same amount for the rest of your SIP tenure.
Your comments on spousal support also show you need further legal understanding. In many jurisdictions, a marriage — loveless or otherwise — looks at support issues for fairness. If their income is less, as a partner in the marriage they may be entitled to a bigger share of your income than you would choose.
Example: They may've earned and worked less because they were more involved with child rearing.
These are the facts/issues that are assessed, not whether one party can maintain a higher standard of living and the other must accept less.
Addicted to drugs
Q. Our one grandson, 25, is addicted to cannabis, alcohol, and benzodiazepines.
Over three years, he's been hospitalized twice with life-threatening seizures and now has a serious neurological condition. Their parents fear for their life.
Currently, he's living with their mother rent-free, and mostly being fed by them They feel they have no choice.
This weekend we were at their place when they appeared. He'd been out all night, slept all day. They were high, swaying, mumbling, and slurring words. They smelled bad.
My daughter wants us to ignore this behaviour because when challenged, they become verbally abusive and threatens various behaviours including suicide.
I can't just remain passive. I know they won't actually listen, but I want to write a letter to them saying I can't bear to watch them anymore, and so not seeing them anymore. However, while they live with my daughter, this means not spending time with them
This would punish my husband, my daughter, and me!
What should I do?
A. Do not write that letter. It could be the last straw that they can't handle, and could lead to tragic results, which will cause you greater despair.
Support their parents. They have the courage to have taken them in and deal everyday with their very worrying behaviour.
Ask your daughter to help you understand what she's learned about living with an addict. Consider attending a support-group meeting for people close to substance abusers and alcoholics, hearing how they've handled similar situations.
This is their pain and burden more than yours. Show them love any way you can.
In drag daily
Q. I've been cross-dressing all my life in private but now all I own are female clothes that I can sometimes pass as men's clothing.
I've been out in public in full drag three times. It was liberating, which everyone could see.
I was scared, too. My parents caught me when I was a kid and flipped out.
I want to be girlie full-time but I don't think they'll accept me for who I am.
I'm already in drag daily — panties and pantyhose, girls' pants and shirts.
A. Be your authentic self. Tell your parents that you feel "liberated" when in female clothing and would like them to understand.
Try to explain how constricted you feel when trying to be what you're not.
Suggest that they read about, or attend a meeting of PFLAG (Parents, Families & Friends of Lesbians & Gays) to gain understanding of the broader LGBTQ+ community.
ellieadvice.com
The state safety agency on Wednesday announced a recall of products from 45 companies, including a number of items used and worn by children from famous foreign labels.
The Korean Agency for Technology and Standards said an inspection carried out from November to January found harmful substances in 47 products from the companies. Those for children included fabrics, sports goods and educational toys, it said.
(Yonhap)
A children's cap from Crocs for Kids was detected to have plasticizer at an amount 162 times the allowed limit, and boots for children from Bearpaw showed plasticizer 129 times over the limit and lead 13.4 times above the allowed amount, according to the agency. It also contained excessive cadmium.Leather boots from apparel company Zara had more chromium than permitted. Winter indoor shoes from a local company were measured with a level of plasticizer 334 times over the limit, as well as too much lead and cadmium. Bathroom slippers from local brand Jaju had plasticizer 442 times what's allowed.The agency also ordered recalls of 26 products in the electronics and kitchen appliances sector, including LED lighting, cables and mixers.The agency said it will seek criminal action against 19 companies that changed key components of their products from the original plan or used product certifications from other firms. (Yonhap)
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Ah, Christmas ... a time of peace on Earth and goodwill to all men. But along with seasonal joy comes a stocking-full of stress.
Two-thirds (67%) of people find Christmas Day stressful and women rate festive stress levels at seven out of 10 with money worries, cooking times and family politics.
So, if your ‘stress-o-meter' is likely to go into the red zone, read on…
Do a Christmas audit
Family traditions are all part of the season. But we can also get into a rut and do things not everyone enjoys, warns Dr Meg Arroll, psychologist on behalf of Healthspan.
This is particularly true as kids get older. It's less about the event itself, which youngsters may have outgrown, and more about time together. If they are complaining, drop expensive rituals like the panto for something universally appealing – like watching Elf (laughter is a great stress-buster).
Take stock
Take in what is going on at Christmas, says Dr Monica Cain, psychologist at Nightingale Hospital.
“Then tune into any feelings you are experiencing. If those feelings are positive, then congratulate yourself for taking the time to notice and enjoy. If your feelings are negative (stress, anxiety, worry), ask yourself what one thing you could change to alleviate the situation.”
(Image: Image Source)
Make a wish list
Have seasonal treats such as a romantic meal or a family walk on a frosty day to stay connected with the joy of Christmas, suggests Dr Arroll.
“Doing something different will help you keep a sense of perspective as the pressure mounts later on.”
Sack Superwoman
Asking for help isn't an admission of failure and makes everyone feel involved. This year, enjoy Christmas rather than just survive it.
Practise this phrase, “I could do with some help…” Give jobs to the people who'll enjoy them, set some (realistic) deadlines – and don't interfere!
Keep expectations realistic
Find ways to cut the time spent with those who make you unhappy, says Mark Griffiths, professor of behavioural addiction at Nottingham Trent University.
“You may not be able to change your family's dynamics, but at least be aware of how your family can affect your psychological mood state.”
Make some contingency plans
Be aware of your stress triggers and have a strategy for coping, suggests Dr Arroll.
For example, “If my brother-in-law starts to wind me up, I will make an excuse to leave the room for a while.”
Make family time count
Mark says: “Basically, do anything where you have to interact with each other. Even making the Christmas dinner could be a communal activity where each adult and child has a specific job.”
(Image: Altrendo)
Take time out
Stress can arise just because there is a houseful of people and little ‘me' time, warns Mark. Find a moment to do something on your own.
“Immerse yourself in a warm bath and take advantage of this little therapeutic sanctuary in your home,” suggests Julia Haywood, technical director at Tisserand Aromatherapy (tisserand.com). “Light some candles and add bath oil.”
Say ‘thanks'
However stressful your family is, it is always good to be grateful, advises Mark. “Remember that the Christmas feelings of joy and happiness come not from the gifts, decorations, food and drink, but from our relationships with other people.
“If we make our close relationships the top priority, then the rest of the Christmas should fall naturally into place.”
Shop online
Research shows that heart rates rise by 33% while Christmas shopping – on par with running a marathon. Search for deals online and browse in bite-size chunks to avoid stress.
“Beware of using wine to wind down,” advises Dr Arroll. Surrounded by festive tipples, it's only too tempting, but regular drinking raises stress levels and reduces sleep quality, they warn.
Make sleep a priority
“Bad sleep is not only a symptom of stress, it is also a cause of it,” says Neil Shah of The Stress Management Society. They suggest a few early nights each week, and investing in a sleep mask and earplugs.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
INDIANAPOLIS – A woman who was badly burned in an accident is receiving international attention after an interaction they had with a curious orangutan at the Indianapolis Zoo, according to WXIN.
Darci Miller was working in their backyard on May 5, 2015 when they tried to clear out some garbage by burning it, accidentally igniting some gas fumes in the process.
They were hospitalized for three weeks and underwent multiple surgeries.
"I was in a coma for nine days," Miller said.
The majority of the burns were on their upper arms, chest and face. They recovered well, and they were eventually allowed to go home as long as they were under 24-hour care.
She's had numerous surgeries since then in order to get more range of motion in their neck and arms.
On June 14, 2017, they traveled to Indianapolis with their fiancé Jason Costello for an appointment at the burn center. They had some free time, so they decided to go to the Indianapolis Zoo. Miller told WXIN it had been years since they last visited the zoo, so they wanted to check out the new orangutan exhibit.
That's where Miller met Rocky. The orangutan appeared to be fascinated with Miller and their injuries.
"He immediately spotted me and came over to the window and was very engulfed in everything I had going on," said Miller. "It was kind of a guessing game. They were just pointing to everything so I was just showing them the bandages on my neck, and my tattoos and the burns on my arms."
One of the zookeepers told Miller that Rocky is very inquisitive, and he's very interested by tattoos or anything out of the ordinary.
Miller told WXIN they were thinking, “There is no way this is possible. Is this real?”
Miller says they spent 20 minutes in the exhibit interacting with Rocky. They left with Costello to explore other areas of the zoo, but they stopped by the orangutan exhibit one last time before leaving. They said Rocky immediately came to the window to greet them, and it was clear they recognized them
Miller says the past few years have definitely been filled with ups and downs, and this interaction was definitely one of the ups.
“This day made me feel really good about myself,” Miller said.
Zoo officials have also seen the video. A spokesperson issued the following statement about the interaction between Rocky and Miller:
"Like all orangutans, Rocky is observant and curious. Our orangutans eagerly interact and communicate with people they know well, such as their caregivers. Rocky is a bit different. They regularly interact with people they may not know. The exchange in the video is a great example of this. Rocky is communicating with the woman in the video, and shows a clear sense of urgency when they gesture towards their injury. We can't say what was going through their mind at the time, but their behavior demonstrates strong interest and concern. There is no doubt that this was an important interaction for him, and their gestures to the woman clearly communicate that."
The attention is nothing new for Rocky. The 12-year-old orangutan has gotten national attention for mimicking human sounds, the first known orangutan to do so. He's also had a photo shoot where they were paired up with the singer Fergie.
Miller said they have offered to help firefighters show young students the dangers of fire. She's also looking forward to meeting Rocky again and seeing if they get a similar reaction.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Like many parents up and down the country this weekend, Holly Willoughby looked on with pride as their children played in the snow.
But as their three children Harry, eight, Belle, six, and Chester, three, headed out to play in the freezing weather, Holly's fans noticed something unusual about the photo.
Many pointed out the ghostly face of a young girl in a bonnet looking out from the wall.
"That face in the wall ...right of the tree - directly below the first full red brick laid landscape on the white -looks like its at the end of the string of lights," one fan commented.
(Image: hollywilloughby/Instagram)
(Image: hollywilloughby/Instagram)
(Image: hollywilloughby/Instagram)
"OMG I see that too. A small girl in a bonnet?" another wrote.
Last week, there was nothing spooky about Holly's Instagram as they delighted fans with their daily outfit post.
The mum of three wore a gorgeous green military-style coat from designer brand Temperley London - that fans described as "beautiful".
But anyone trying to replicate Holly's look is in for a shock as similar coats from the designer range in price from £830 to £2,500.
Meanwhile, their checked miniskirt is from French label Maje would set you back £170.
(Image: Instagram)
But there is something affordable from Holly's outfit - their £75 black ankle boots from Topshop.
Meanwhile, Holly has gone all out for Christmas this year - by creating their very own winter wonderland.
Keen to create the perfect family Christmas, the TV star, 36, has surpassed themselves with a host of elaborate decorations in their London home.
According to reports, all of the trees in their garden have been festooned with lights, while she's personally selected a 10ft tree to take centre stage in their living room.
(Image: WireImage)
Guests are welcomed by two huge wreaths on the front door, while a sign by the gate says 'believe in the magic of Christmas'.
Meanwhile, seasonal tunes are piped into various rooms throughout the property.
A source said: "Holly loves Christmas and she's created the most amazing winter wonderland for them children.
"She's gone for a traditional theme and the decorations are really tasteful. The house looks magical."
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
The glittery development comes shortly after Holly unveiled This Morning's very own seasonal make-over.
The ITV studio was wrapped in a giant ribbon, while inside it boasted a load of decorations.
These included a whopping 14 Christmas trees, 1,680 baubles, 130 wrapped presents, 40 log cushions, 25 meters of garland, 15 sleighs and a fake fireplace.
Holly exclaimed: "Oh my gosh! It looks lovely! Oh I love it!"
They then posted a message to Twitter which read: "Christmas has arrived in the # thismorning studio... let's sparkle our way to the 25th!"
A secondary school in Hope has been found inadequate by Ofsted inspectors, prompting leaders to cite difficulty in adapting to changes across the education sector.
Inspectors visited Hope Valley College, on Castleton Road, in December, and have now published their report.
While its post-16 programmes were rated as good, its teaching and learning, behaviour and welfare and outcomes for pupils were found to require improvement, and leadership and management were inadequate.
Principal David Willis said: “It would be fair to say that there were elements of the school Ofsted were impressed with, and there were areas which they, understandably, thought we needed to focus on and strengthen.”
Among the inspectors' most damning findings were that relationships among senior leaders have broken down: “Their poor communication with each other and with staff is hindering school improvement.
“Key aspects of the school's work are not well managed and leaders have not taken appropriate action to tackle areas that needed improving.”
The report also noted: “Pupils were not well prepared for the demands of the new GCSE qualifications.
“Teachers do not ensure that the work they give to pupils matches their different abilities. As a result, pupils, in particular the most able, are not developing a deep enough understanding of what they are learning.”
Chair of governors Steve Dawson said: “Given our dedicated and skilled staff, and how impressive Hope Valley College students are, we are obviously deeply saddened that leadership issues dictated our overall grade.
“We are, however, a school that is facing financial and educational challenges as we adapt to realities in the wider education sector.”
The school is currently in discussions over joining a multi-academy trust - networks of schools which share leadership responsibilities.
Steve said: “It is more difficult responding to an evolving education sector on our own, but I have every confidence we can quickly resolve the issues raised by Ofsted, and achieve the grade which staff and students deserve.”
To read the full report, go to https://goo.gl/Kv2Qdo.
It's hard to believe, but a year has already flown by since Kim Kardashian's horrific ordeal in Paris and unsurprisingly, they haven't quite recovered from the trauma of the violent robbery.
A week since receiving an apology letter from the alleged mastermind of the crime, Kim once again addressed their harrowing experience in the promo for this week's episode of #KeepingUpWithTheKardashians. Highlighting, yet again, that she's not over it by any means, Kim breaks down in tears, fearing for the safety of them and their family during a trip to Punta Cana, Mexico. Calling their close friend Joe Francis and on the brink of an emotional breakdown, they ask:
"I just have anxiety. Are you sure it's safe here?"
Consoling the mother-of-two, they reply:
"Yeah, it's safe there. I promise you. Look, I went through the same thing, I promise you it's safe. I have my kids there. It's safe."
Panning to a personal confessional, the star — who is expecting a third child via surrogate alongside sisters Kylie and Khloé — then delves deeper, explaining what it was that triggered them concerns:
"Ever since Paris, I just go through this worst case scenario mode in my head. I was so excited to come on this trip and I had no idea that I was going to end up feeling this way but it hit me, right as we were getting off the plane. All of these people at the airport are going to see 17 or 18 girls with all of our Chanel bags and you know, Louis Vuitton this, and it just hit me — we're the biggest target ever."
This isn't the first time that #KimKardashian has openly spoken out about their anxieties after the terrifying incident last October. In one of their many confessionals on KUWTK, she's since revealed how they feared being shot in the back during the robbery, and has also since said that she's become less materialistic.
Watch the full promo clip below:
The next episode of Keeping Up with the Kardashian airs on October 8, 2017.
Are you excited for the new season?
3 people have been arrested following a drug investigation that lasted several months. According to the Central Oregon Drug Enforcement Team they served a search warrant at a home on Hunnel Road at the north end of Bend. Taken into custody were 30-year old Deena Shepherd, 39-year old Kenneth Crutcher and 37-year old Lyndsay Tavares. Both Shepherd and Crutcher were found to be in possession of methamphetamine and heroin. Tavares didn't have any drugs but was wanted on a parole violation. All 3 were lodged in the Deschutes County Jail on various charges. Tavares got out on bail while Shepard and Crutcher were being held on parole violation warrants.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It's an everyday essential we should all be wearing - because let's face it nobody wants to be left smelling like an old pair of sweaty socks when it's barely lunchtime.
The need to keep the sweat - and stench - under control is even more of an issue as the temperature hots up or if you regularly work up a sweat through regular exercise, and nowadays there are more than just a few options to choose from. A world away from the harsh stinging sprays with way too much fragrance we all grew up on.
So whether you're a fan of roll on or spray, organic or dermatologically -tested, there are plenty of options available from the high street and online and we've listed ten of the best below.
(Image: Soft & Gentle)
Fans of Soft & Gentle can now get the same protection minus the pore-clogging nasties (aluminium) which clog up lymph nodes in your armpits and can lead to cancer.
The handy scientifically developed formula which contains plant extracts claims to offer 24 hour protection and comes in three different scents
(Image: Neal's Yard)
If you're looking for an organic, natural deodorant then this Neal's Yard one ticks all the boxes.
The blend of essential oils is a refreshing mix that will keep you smelling fresh all day.
3. Weleda Wild Rose deodorant , £12.95, Holland and Barrett
(Image: Weleda Deodorant)
Another great organic, natural option is Weleda's Wild Rose deodorant which contains Wild rose leaf that is known for its stringent properties.
The fine spray isn't sticky and keeps you dry and fresh throughout the day - and it smells divine.
4. Chanel Coco Mademoiselle deodorant , £31, FeelUnique
(Image: Coco Channel)
If you're feeling frivolous then splash put on this Chanel deodorant.
The indulgent spray isn't cheap, but every time you wear it you'll get sweat protection and a dose of the gloriously smelling Coco Mademoiselle scent. Double win.
(Image: Kiehl's Deodorant)
Looking for a heavy-duty, hard wearing deodorant? This Kiehl's one is marketed for men but we think ladies after some serious protection should give this one a go.
It's unscented and gentle on skin and the cream texture is great for those who don't like sprays - Kiehl's even promises 'underarm hair will feel softer, resulting in a smoother shave experience'. Sweet.
(Image: Secret Deodorant)
This prescription strength deodorant is the king of protection - ideal for serious sweaters.
The award-winning clinically recommended deodorant absorbs bad odor whilst it emits a powder fresh scent and keeps you dry.
(Image: Dove Deodorant)
Dove is a classic and this specially formulated deodorant is great for super sensitive skin.
The unscented formula is free from colourants and is enriched with Dove's moisturising cream so it's gentle on your skin too.
8. Nuxe Body Long Lasting Deodorant , £8.50, Marks and Spencer
(Image: Nuxe Body)
This French favourite doesn't have any alcohol or aluminium in it and promises to neutralise odor.
The stain-free formula will give long-lasting protection throughout the day and it's even vegan-friendly.
9. Mitchum Powder Fresh roll on , £2.89, Superdrug
(Image: Mitchum Deodorant)
Another classic for heavy-duty anti bacterial protection for anyone who is a hardcore gym rat or runner.
The quick drying formula doesn't sting and promises of 48 hours protection.
10. Vichy 48 hour Intensive Anti Perspirant Roll on , £8.50, Boots
(Image: Vichy Deodorant)
Another French brand worth raving about is Vichy - the brand's 48 hour roll on deodorant that is great for intense sweaters.
It's totally free of parabens and alcohol and the dermatologically tested formula will work well for sensitive skins as it is also hypoallergenic.
Copyright 2017 NPR. To see more, visit http://www.npr.org/.
KELLY MCEVERS, HOST:
Arkansas prison officials are preparing to execute an inmate tonight even though the courts have told them to hold off. The inmate would be the first of eight people the state wants to put to death this month. It's an unprecedented number, and the courts have questioned whether it's constitutional. Arkansas Public Media's Sarah Whites-Koditschek reports.
SARAH WHITES-KODITSCHEK, BYLINE: Arkansas hasn't executed anyone since 2005, and now the state is rushing to put to death as many as eight men before the end of the month. That's when one of the lethal injection drugs expires. There've been a flurry of court rulings that have stopped the executions for now. Judges have granted delays because of the pace of executions, access to legal counsel and about one of the drugs, midazolam. There's concern it's not effective. Julie Vandiver is an attorney for the inmates.
JULIE VANDIVER: It will do nothing to prevent the prisoners from experiencing the pain sensations and the sensation of suffocation from the second and third drugs in the protocol.
WHITES-KODITSCHEK: Arkansas's Attorney General Leslie Rutledge says each of these convicted men carried out horrific crimes. They spoke today on Fox News.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
LESLIE RUTLEDGE: These families have been waiting since 1990, 1995, 1996 to see justice carried out in each of these cases. Again, these are individuals who are convicted of rape, murder.
WHITES-KODITSCHEK: Robert Dunham is with the Death Penalty Information Center. They say the U.S. Supreme Court has ruled on previous lethal injection cases and likely will for these, but there's new information about how the drugs work.
ROBERT DUNHAM: There is more known now about midazolam. There has been experience with botched executions since the Oklahoma case was ruled on by the U.S. Supreme Court. And so the factual background of this issue is very, very different.
WHITES-KODITSCHEK: The Oklahoma case refers to a 2015 Supreme Court decision saying the three-drug cocktail did not constitute cruel and unusual punishment. Since then, federal appeals courts have split on that issue. Despite the legal limbo, Arkansas Department of Correction director Wendy Kelley says their staff is preparing to go ahead with an execution tonight in case the courts overturn the stay. Kelley says inmate Don Davis has already been moved to a waiting cell nearby.
WENDY KELLEY: The department stands ready to carry out the sentences of the court should the attorney general get the legal challenges resolved. But everything that we're doing today is the same thing we'd be doing if the stays weren't in place at this point.
WHITES-KODITSCHEK: Arkansas officials say they'll not be able to acquire any more lethal injection drugs once their current supply expires at the end of the month. For NPR News, I'm Sarah Whites-Koditschek in Little Rock. Transcript provided by NPR, Copyright NPR.
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Liverpool completed the signing of Brazilian midfielder Fabinho just days after losing to Real Madrid in the Champions League final in May.
The Reds parted with £45million to land the 24-year-old from Monaco, who put pen to paper on a lucrative five-year deal that will keep them at the Anfield club until 2023.
Liverpool were praised for the speed in which they got the deal over the line, especially as Fabinho was on the radar of a number of huge teams in Europe.
One of these clubs was Liverpool's bitter rivals Manchester United, who, prior to signing Fred, were in the market for a player of Fabinho's calibre.
(Image: Liverpool FC via Getty Images)
Fabinho recently spoke to Four Four Two magazine about the speculation linking them to Old Trafford.
But was quick to squash all rumours a transfer was ever on the cards.
(Image: Liverpool FC via Getty Images)
"I was never close to signing for Manchester United, no. I heard things said about it, but the truth is it was never a strong possibility," said Fabinho.
"I won't deny there were a few conversations about my situation with Monaco, but there was never an official offer from United."
(Image: Liverpool FC via Getty Images)
On signing for Liverpool they added: "I was really anxious during all of the negotiations, so when it was time for me to sign the contract I couldn't have been happier - a dream come true.
"When I was doing the medical exams I couldn't stop asking people 'When does it finally become official?' You don't sign for one of the biggest clubs in the world every day you know!"
Mumbai: Karan Johar surprised one and all by announcing a film titled Kalank starring rumoured former couple Sanjay Dutt and Madhuri Dixit. Ever since they announced the film, rumour mills have been at work wondering if the two actors would share screen space in it.
Speculations were rife that the two agreed to the film on the condition that they wouldn't share screen space. It was also being believed that Sanjay and Madhuri didn't even want to meet to discuss the film.
But that's not the truth. Both Sanju Baba and Madhuri have let bygones be bygones.
They have moved on and have no qualms working together, especially after a hiatus of 25 years.
According to a report in Bollywoodlife.com, a source said, "It's not like Sanjay and Madhuri were conned to be a part of Kalank. They were well aware that the film will require them to shoot together which is why both Sanjay and Madhuri sat down to discuss the same, even before signing the dotted line. And now that they are officially on board, they are only excited to be a part of Karan Johar's ambitious project that has been in the making since 15 years. They want to contribute in the best way possible and make it one memorable film."
Directed by Abhishek Varman and written by Shibani Bathija, the film is reportedly set in the backdrop of India in the 1940s.
Though the makers haven't divulged details, reports suggest that Sanju Baba and Madhuri will play characters that belong to families that are arch rivals.
Also starring Varun Dhawan, Ali Bhatt, Sonakshi Sinha and Aditya Roy Kapoor, Kalank will be jointly produced by Johar's Dharma Productions and Sajid Nadiadwala's Nadiadwala Grandson Entertainment.
Trump Claims Voter Fraud, FEC Wants Administration's Evidence
Audio will be available later today.
NPR's Rachel Martin talks to Ellen Weintraub — commissioner of the Federal Election Commission — about the Trump administration's claims of voter fraud.
© Jack1956/ CC BY SA 3.0
PG 1237 - The Most Famous Pit of Death at Ur
During Sir Charles Leonard Woolley's excavation of Ur from 1922 to 1934, any burial without a tomb chamber was given the name 'death pit' (known also as 'grave pits'). Arguably the most impressive death pit excavated by Woolley and their team was PG 1237, which Woolley dubbed as 'The Great Death Pit', due to the number of bodies that were found in it. These bodies were arranged neatly in rows and were richly dressed. It is commonly believed that these individuals were sacrificial victims who accompanied their master / mistress in the afterlife. It is unclear, however, if they had done so voluntarily.During Woolley's archaeological excavations at Ur, a total of six burials were assigned as 'death pits'. Generally speaking, these were tombs and sunken courtyards connected to the surface by a shaft. These 'death pits' were thought to have been built around or adjacent to the tomb of a primary individual. This hypothesis, however, has been challenged in recent times. In any case, the 'death pits' discovered by Woolley and their team were filled with the remains of retainers belonging to an important individual.The most impressive of Woolley's 'death pits' is PG 1237, which was named by Woolley as the 'Great Death Pit'. In this 'death pit', Woolley and their team identified a total ofThe bodies of the six men were found near the entrance of the 'death pit' and were equipped with a helmet and weapons.Read the rest of the article here
TAMPA, Fla. — Yankees outfielder Jacoby Ellsbury is expected to start the regular season on the disabled list because of an oblique injury that has kept them out of exhibition games since March 1.
Ellsbury had been scheduled to play Tuesday against Detroit, but their return was pushed back because they have flu-like symptoms. Ellsbury is projected as a backup outfielder after losing the starting centre-field job to Aaron Hicks last season.
"Just a bummer," Yankees manager Aaron Boone said Monday, calling the DL stint "very likely."
"Just too hard to get them into enough games," Boone said. "The good thing, at least, we feel like he's totally healed up from their injury."
Brett Pitman hit a late equaliser to salvage a point for Portsmouth as they twice fought back to draw with Doncaster at Fratton Park despite finishing the match with nine men.
An injury to goalkeeper Stephen Henderson after all three substitutes had been made meant Pompey forward Kal Naismith finished the match between the sticks, with Christian Burgess sent off in stoppage time.
The visitors had got off to a lightning start and took the lead after just four minutes when captain James Coppinger drilled their effort past Henderson, who returned to the club on loan from Nottingham Forest on deadline day.
However, Pompey then started to dominate the match and levelled through debutant Anton Walkes in the 19th minute after they snuck in at the back post from Gareth Evans' corner.
The home side should have taken the lead just before the half-hour mark when defender Matt Clarke had their header saved by the fingertips of Doncaster goalkeeper Ian Lawlor.
And despite all of the home side's dominance, Doncaster took the lead for the second time in the 63rd minute after John Marquis headed in from Coppinger's corner.
Pompey continued to battle their way back into the match and were rewarded when substitute Pitman prodded home to bag their 14th goal of the season in the 81st minute, before hanging on as their numbers diminished in the closing stages.
“It was a strange sort of game,” they said. “Any time you come to Portsmouth, it's always tough. There's no two ways about it.
“If you can manage to come away without getting beat, you're always thinking it's not a bad result.
“The way the game went, the first 20 minutes we were absolutely outstanding.
“It was fantastic the way we passed the ball and moved it. Copps got the early goal and we were totally dominant.
“But from a set piece one of my players loses their man and that changed the game.
“After that we couldn't get a foothold in the game, I've got to be honest.”
For some time now it has been obvious to me that the majority of MPs are totally out of touch with the British electorate and the higher they climb, the more out of touch they become.
However, over recent decades we have seen the rise of young career politician from very privileged backgrounds. They receive private education, go onto the best universities, become research assistants to serving MPs and then progress to being MPs themselves. They have never done a real hard day's work in their lives and have never experienced the hardships and challenges of the average working person. How can they, therefore, have any understanding of the people they are then elected to represent? In my view this has never been more visible than in the recent EU referendum. Cameron and Osborn were two prime examples, though there are many others in my view. They were so convinced that they could sway public opinion and manipulate the electorate that they never considered failure and so never began to make any contingency plans in case the vote went against them. Then, to add insult to injury, Cameron resigned and left the mess for some one else to clear up. I had always been under the illusion that we still lived in a democracy, even though it had been eroded by Brussels. However, now it is obvious to me that what little democracy we do have left is in danger of disappearing altogether and that is terrifying. In a General Election politicians and the general public have always accepted the result whether they agreed or not. However, this has and is not the case with the referendum and yet it was a democratic vote by the majority of the British electorate, whether you like it or not. We have MPs who talk about another referendum because they say the British public didn't know what they were voting for. The north and the elderly being prime targets for these insults. We have MPs who say they will vote against and block Article 50 being triggered. What is democratic about that? What today's politicians must recognise and accept is that they are elected by the majority of their constituents to carry out their wishes. This historical concept is being ignored and whether they like it or not the British electorate have spoken. This current situation and the map of the referendum result also highlights, yet again, the vast differences between the wealthy south of England and London and the poorer rest of the country. Basically the rich and powerful versus the ordinary working people. However, what they need to realise is that their rich and powerful existence is build on the backs of the working class. Always has been and always will be. The Midlands and the north of England deserve better respect and consideration and I am now beginning to wonder if perhaps the rest of Britain would be better off breaking away from London and the south and having its own Parliament like Scotland. Something has to change. It is time for political change in this country and for Britain's sake I hope it comes sooner than later. The rich and powerful are there for the rich and powerful and the rest of us are mere pawns in their rich power games. This has to change before democracy in this country ceases altogether.
J.A.Ainsworth
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Katie Price brushed off recent drama surrounding their private life to attend the launch of their TV series My Crazy Life.
The mum-of-five, who appeared to have attended without younger boyfriend Kris Boyson after being inseparable for weeks, flashed a huge smile as they posed for pictures.
Glam Katie - who was accused of turning to cocaine and booze to help cope with their recent marriage breakdown - pulled out all the stops in a bold white and gold shirt, white ripped jeans and sky high gold heels.
With their hair scraped back into a high and tight ponytail, the star was proudly showing off the results their facelift which they were forced to undergo after a botched non-surgical facelift.
(Image: STARTRAKS PHOTO)
(Image: STARTRAKS PHOTO)
Them appearance at the launch came shortly after they denied they are the unnamed celebrity mum who had 'two kids taken into foster care' for partying too much.
Earlier on Tuesday it was reported social services had become involved after reports of an unidentified famous mum pulling their young son's hair in public - which led to a council probe which suggested neglect.
After the story went viral, many social media users began speculating as to the identity of the mystery star.
And hours after the news broke, reality star Katie took to Instagram to shut down speculation they were the mum at the centre of the furore.
(Image: Instagram)
(Image: Instagram/officialkatieprice)
(Image: WEST)
Appearing in a live video seen by Mirror Online, they told fans: "Just to say, I'm not the one in the papers today who's had their kids taken off them, I've seen it online and it's not me."
And that came just days after Katie was accused of using cocaine and booze to cope with their split with third husband Kieran Hayler.
The star at the centre of the childcare allegations remains anonymous.
Social services moved in after receiving a report from members of the public and conducted their own enquiries that uncovered a series of other issues, including neglect, the Sun reported.
(Image: Facebook)
(Image: Instagram)
(Image: Instagram)
The kids were left to "fend for themselves" while they went to glitzy showbiz events and did red carpet appearances, it claims.
A family court judge ruled that the youngsters be handed into the care of another family, who live nearby the celebrity mum's £1million home.
A source told the Sun: "She has been struggling to cope recently.
"They are lovely kids, very well mannered. But they won't give up their celebrity life to concentrate properly on them and things have all got a bit too much."
New Delhi: In a landmark judgement, the Supreme Court on Monday said no one can seek vote in the name of caste, creed, religion, community or language.
Referring to the term 'his religion' used in section 123(3) of the Representation of The Peoples (RP) Act, which deals with 'corrupt practice', Chief Justice T S Thakur and three others in the 4:3 verdict said it meant the religion and caste of all including voters, candidates and their agents etc.
Religion can have no role in electoral process, the seven-judge Constitution bench said.
The Supreme Court said election is a secular exercise and thereby its way and process should be followed.
The top court further stated that relationship between man and God is an individual choice, the state is forbidden to interfere in such an activity.
SC in majority verdict held that any appeal for votes on ground of religion amounts to corrupt practices under electoral laws.
The ruling was made by a seven-judge constitution bench headed by Chief Justice TS Thakur while hearing multiple petitions relating to electoral malpractices.
Political parties on Monday welcomed the Supreme Court's ruling.
Communist Party of India (CPI) leader D Raja said the court has sent a strong message.
"It is a strong message but one would have to wait to find out if the RSS (Rashtriya Swayamsewak Sangh) and other Sangh Parivar outfits and various fundamentalist organisations would abide by this ruling," Raja told IANS.
Trinamool Congress MP Sukhendu Sekhar Roy insisted the ruling will not adversely affect the issues of the SCs and STs.
Congress spokesperson Priyanka Chaturvedi said the ruling was important in the wake of "religious and caste equations" dominating politics.
With Uttar Pradesh Assembly elections expected to be held in February, the SC order can have a huge impact in the sensitive state.
Political parties have long tried to reap the benefits by playing the religion and caste card in the politically sensitive UP.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A delivery driver from Bristol has landed themselves in court after being caught dumping boxes and bags at the side of a road.
Ionut Vulpe, of Kingston Road, Bedminster, was fined and ordered to pay hundreds of pounds in costs after an eyewitness saw them dump delivery bags and a cardboard box in Tortworth Road, South Gloucestershire, in November last year.
The 22-year-old said they left them in the roadside because they were “angry” they had fallen out during a re-shuffle of parcels in the back of their white delivery van.
They admitted fly-tipping during a short hearing at Bristol Magistrates' Court on January 31, and was subsequently fined £120 and ordered to pay £350 in costs.
(Image: South Gloucestershire Council)
Cllr Heather Goddard, who is cabinet member for communities and tourism at South Gloucestershire Council, who brought the case, said: “Fly tipping is an issue that affects our communities and local environment and this activity will not be tolerated in South Gloucestershire.
“There is no excuse for this type of behaviour. Waste crime puts the environment at risk and anyone found to be fly tipping in South Gloucestershire will be prosecuted.”
Vulpe was caught out after an eyewitness, who saw the 22-year-old dump the bags and cardboard box, reported it to the council's ‘environcrime' officers.
They managed to track Vulpe down after identifying their parcel delivery vehicle.
It was during an interview with the council's officers that Vulpe admitted dumping seven empty large delivery bags and a cardboard box out of anger and frustration, after they fell out of the van while they were trying to re-organise their deliveries.
South Gloucestershire residents who see illegal fly tipping are encouraged to report it via the council's website or the public works department Street Care.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Amanda Holden was left shaken as they left Britain's Got Talent last night.
An over-zealous fan got "too close" to them as they were leaving the London Palladium following the BGT auditions.
They were bundled into a car by four burly security guards who leapt into action.
The scare comes as security surrounding the latest series of BGT has reportedly been stepped up amid fears of an acid attack.
(Image: Magic Moments UK)
(Image: Magic Moments UK)
(Image: Magic Moments UK)
(Image: Magic Moments UK)
It's been claimed security guards at the live auditions are on high alert following a spate of horrific acid attacks across London last year.
Security surrounding judges Simon Cowell , David Walliams , Amanda Holden and Alesha Dixon as well as hosts Ant McPartlin and Declan Donnelly is also said to have been stepped up, according to the Daily Star.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
A BGT fan at a recording this week tweeted that audience members were no longer allowed to take open bottles into the London Palladium.
They tweeted: “London Palladium are stopping people taking opened bottles of water/drink in, then they're selling 500ml bottles of water to audience members for £2.50.
"Presumably due to risk of acid attacks? They didn't do this a year ago.
"How sad they've decided to profit from the situation!”
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
(Image: PA)
(Image: aleshaofficial/Instagram)
A Britain's Got Talent spokesperson said: “We take the safety around the show very seriously.
“We continually review security procedures to ensure they meet our needs.”
Judge Jeanine – Lock Them All Up! Video – Bill Still
Judge Jeanine has obviously had enough with people tip-toeing around Robert Mueller's Special Counsel fake investigation – that, in reality, is only desperately trying to accomplish the Deep State's basic mission – that is to get President Trump out of office.
Video Source
loading...
Sharing is caring!
ICC Champions Trophy 2017, England vs Pakistan: Joe Root and Eoin Morgan's wickets in quick succession is the SK Turning Point of the Match
The dismissal of the two best English batsmen halted the side's progress and as a result, they had to settle for a mediocre score.
@shubhamkhare71 by Shubham Khare Opinion 14 Jun 2017, 22:19 IST
Root's dismissal resulted in a collapse
It was the first semi-final of the ICC Champions Trophy and England were up against Pakistan in Cardiff. The hosts, who were tagged as the favourites encountered the unpredictable Pakistani side at their best, and that halted their run in the tournament.
Pakistan won the toss and elected to bowl first on a pretty unpredictable surface. Mohammad Amir missed out due to a back spasm but their replacement Rumman Raees filled in for them big time.
Junaid Khan and Raees troubled the England openers with movement off the pitch up front. There were plenty of appeals but the luck went the batsmen's way as they survived a few close shaves.
Their luck finally ran out though as Raees ended Hales's stay at the crease in the 6th over, leaving England at 34/1. The new inclusion Jonny Bairstow looked in fine touch and found in Joe Root a perfect partner as the duo added 46 runs for the 2nd wicket.
Bairstow, after making 43 off 57 balls, was dismissed by Hasan Ali in the 17th over when the score read 80/2. Root and Morgan then began to steady the ship.
The turning point
Root and Morgan added 48 runs for the 3rd wicket and looked like taking the game away from Pakistan. The bowlers looked clueless and the game began drifting away in favour of the hosts. However, Shadab Khan stepped up and brought their side back in the game.
In the 28th over, Root looked to cut the ball but the leg-spinner induced extra bounce from the surface. The batsman only managed to edge the ball and it was taken cleanly by the keeper Sarfraz Ahmed.
Root hung around but the umpire raised their finger, sending them on their way. The right-hander was distraught with the shot they had attempted as they walked back to the pavilion. England's score then read 128/3.
The skipper could not lead their side to a competitive total
The brakes were applied on the scoring rate as Morgan and Ben Stokes struggled to break free. The spinners Mohammad Hafeez and Shadab got through some tight overs that halted the progress of the English innings.
Extra Cover: Who Said What: World reacts as Pakistan reach ICC Champions Trophy 2017 final
To make matters worse, the skipper Morgan was sent back to the hut soon. In the 32nd over, the left-hander charged down to Hasan Ali who delivered the ball full from around the wicket. Morgan's outstretched hands could only find a thin edge that carried to the keeper.
It was a body blow for England as they were left reeling at 141/4. In a bid to break the shackles, Morgan fell for 33 off 53 balls. They had been in excellent form this season and their wicket put Pakistan in the driver's seat.
How the game panned out
From then on, Pakistan kept chipping away with wickets. Barring Ben Stokes, there was very little resistance shown from the other English batsmen. The death bowling of Junaid and Raees was excellent and they didn't allow the batsmen to score freely.
Stokes waged a lone war, scoring 34 off 64 balls, but they too couldn't hit a single boundary. As a result, England were bowled out for 211 with one ball still to be bowled in the innings. Hasan Ali bagged three wickets while Junaid and Raees finished with two wickets apiece.
Pakistan aren't a great chasing side and England would have fancied their chances going into the break. All they needed was a few quick wickets at the start.
But the youngster Fakhar Zaman played another gem of an innings to get Pakistan off to a blistering start. Their knock put the England bowlers on the back foot right from the start.
Zaman scored 57 off 58 balls with 7 fours and a six and when they were dismissed in the 22nd over, the scoreboard read 118. The other opener Azhar Ali played a steady hand of 76 off 100 balls to take their side close to the target.
After their dismissal, Babar Azam and Mohammad Hafeez completed the chase without any fuss, taking Pakistan home with 12.5 overs still to spare. Pakistan won the match by eight wickets and powered their way into the final.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Homeless families have been housed in caravans at a Pontins holiday camp over the last year, due to a lack of suitable emergency accommodation.
Denbighshire County Council has confirmed that the centre in Prestatyn was used by families - who stayed at the camp for up to three days at a time.
The news comes as the county council is about to adopt a four-year strategy to tackle the problem of homelessness, reports the Daily Post .
The Pontins holiday camp has been slammed by guests as “disgusting” and a "hell-hole" , and made the headlines earlier this year after a family reportedly left after just 17 hours due to the "horrendous" condition of their accommodation.
In a report to be considered by the cabinet on Tuesday, Cllr Bobby Feeley, lead member for wellbeing and independence, says that factors such as poverty, poor physical and mental health, substance misuse and addiction, domestic abuse, chaotic lifestyles and offending history are often common in the lives of people threatened with homelessness.
(Image: Daily Post Wales)
(Image: Daily Post Wales)
“These issues cannot be addressed effectively by any single agency working on its own,” says the report.
One of the aims is to reduce the use of temporary accommodation including bed and breakfast facilities.
The report states: “We will continue to source more suitable temporary accommodation properties to no longer necessitate the use of bed and breakfast.
“Further work is needed to more fully understand the temporary accommodation requirements and how these are best met.”
A council spokesperson said they were not currently using Pontins, but added: “We have used Pontins to accommodate four families this year. The maximum stay was only three days.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
“The reason we used Pontins in August this year was that a number of large families presented to us and we did not have any alternative, suitable emergency accommodation.
“We used the caravans (sic) in Pontins to keep one family accommodated together, rather than booking two rooms and separating the family.
“We also used Pontins as two of the families were single-parent families with four children, so we were unable to book two rooms as with our other emergency accommodation providers, and there were no rooms big enough to accommodate one adult and four children.”
So much for England being depleted for its tilt at a record third straight outright Six Nations title.
"The magic sponge has done well for us," England coach Eddie Jones says, with a wry smile, after naming a close-to-full-strength team for the opening match of its title defence against Italy on Sunday.
A slew of injuries — there were 13 senior players out at one stage last month — was the primary factor behind Jones saying England shouldn't be cast as the tournament favourite.
Even last week, Jones was preparing to be without influential players such as Chris Robshaw, Mike Brown, and potentially Maro Itoje for the trip to Rome. There was barely a mention of centre Ben Te'o, who hadn't played a competitive game since October because of ankle trouble.
It came as a surprise, then, when Jones was able to name all four of those players in their team and also another recently injured player, Jack Nowell, on the bench.
The chances of Italy gaining a first ever win over England — at the 24th time of asking — suddenly took a nosedive.
"Maybe Sunday after the match it will be a difficult night," Italy coach Conor O'Shea says, "but we're preparing matches to win them and the great thing about sport is that anything can happen."
When it comes to the Italians, Jones knows this all too well.
In this fixture last year, Italy used a tactic dubbed "The Fox" at Twickenham to bamboozle England by frequently not contesting the breakdown. That freed up their players to get beyond the usual ruck line and block any passes behind the tackle area.
So bewildered were England's players that they were asking French referee Romain Poite how to counter the unusual approach, and they were only two points ahead with 12 minutes to go before going on to win 36-15.
By participating in the comments section of this site you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and User Agreement
Lisa Vanderpump thinks it was "unbelievable" two of their dogs passed away within days of one another.
The 57-year-old reality star recently revealed their pink Pomeranian Pink Dog had died, and on Thursday (05.10.17) they announced a second pet, Pikachu, had also lost their lives, just six days later.
And Lisa admitted promoting their documentary, 'The Road to Yulin and Beyond' - which is about trying to end the dog meat trade - was particularly hard to do in the wake of the double loss.
They told Us Weekly magazine: "To even talk about that right now -- having lost two of my dogs in just a few days has been unbelievable. At this time, it's difficult to do it."
However, they were very proud of the work done in the film.
Speaking at its premiere at the Awareness Film Festival in Los Angeles, they said: "We're trying to create a humane environment for dogs everywhere.
"It is important for us to be here, and I thank everybody else for coming out and supporting this short documentary. But it's been a wonderful year as well because the Vanderpump Dog Rescue Centre has already adopted out, I think, 250 dogs from the kill shelters."
The 'Real Housewives' star had revealed Pomeranian Pikachu had passed away on their Instagram account shortly before the premiere.
Along with a picture of the cute dog, Lisa wrote: "Rest in peace my sweet Pikachu, we will miss you so much,. Such sadness at your loss (sic)".
Lisa later revealed that Pikachu - named after the popular electric-mouse from the 'Pokémon' franchise - was suffering and they were treated with "love and compassion".
WINONA, Minn. (KTTC) - Day or night, rain or shine, there's always one thing on Eden Nibbelink's mind; a state championship.
"It's all I can think about," the Winona senior said. "I'll be in classes, my philosophy class, [the teacher will ask] what is your main goal? I think they meant for the future, like get a job. I just keep writing, win the state championship."
That goal is within reach for Nibbelink and their Winhawks teammates. On Thursday, Winona beat Northfield in the Section 1AAA Championship, earning a spot in the Class AAA State Tournament for the second year in a row.
The senior led all scorers in that game 24 points, securing their 1000th career point in the process. She's averaging 20 points per game in the playoffs compared to 13 points a game in the regular season. Them three point shooting has improved from 33 percent to over 50 percent.
"She plays with more confidence than they did maybe even in December," Winhawks head coach Tim Gleason said. "When the moment is big, she's willing to go out there and give it their best."
Nibbelink remembers last year's Class AAA State Championship far too well. Winona fell one win short of their first ever state title in program history, losing to Holy Angels, 51-43.
"I cried for so long," Nibbelink said. "It was heartbreaking but it motivated me so much to come back."
"Sometimes, I think it takes failure," coach Gleason added. "The ability to fail, persist and continue which has really not only epitomized Eden but it also epitomized the whole group."
"We were lucky," France captain Yannick Noah said. "The Dutch boys were starting to believe in themselves."
Adrian Mannarino has the first shot on Sunday at completing France's comeback, and an 11th successive win against the Dutch.
Australian Open singles finalist Marin Cilic was summoned by Croatia just hours beforehand to combine with Ivan Dodig, but the old partners almost took too long to get energized against Canada. The 45-year-old Daniel Nestor and Vasek Pospisil won the first two sets but couldn't hold on and lost 2-6, 3-6, 6-4, 7-5, 6-2.
Cilic is playing only doubles, and leaving Borna Coric to try and win the tie on Sunday against Denis Shapovalov in Osijek. Canada hasn't won an away tie since 2011.
Spain led Britain 2-1 in Marbella after Pablo Carreno Busta and Feliciano Lopez dusted off Dominic Inglot and Jamie Murray 6-4, 6-4, 7-6 (4).
In the absence of Rafael Nadal and Andy Murray, the first reverse singles on Sunday will be between Albert Ramos Vinolas and Cameron Norrie. But Australian Open semifinalist Kyle Edmund practiced after the doubles and could be available for Britain.
Germany led Australia 2-1 in Brisbane thanks to Tim Puetz and Jan-Lennard Struff prevailing against Matthew Ebden and John Peers 6-4, 6-7 (1), 6-2, 6-7 (4), 6-4.
The visitor was also up in Morioka, where Italy led Japan after Simone Bolelli and Fabio Fognini outlasted Ben Mclachlan and Yasutaka Uchiyama 7-5, 6-7 (4), 7-6 (3), 7-5.
By Foster Niumata, The Associated Press
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A teenager who thought they may be pregnant when they started leaking breastmilk was horrified to discover they actually had a brain tumour.
Jessica Buck was just 18 when they were diagnosed with prolactinoma – a tumour on the pituitary gland at the base of the brain - in late 2011.
They had just started sixth form when they began experiencing a catalogue of worrying symptoms, including feeling exhausted, dizzy and headachy.
But the most concerning symptom for Jessica, now 24, of Carterton, Oxfordshire, was the milky fluid that leaked from their breasts every few days.
It got to the point that they were having to stuff tissue in their bra.
"I was working part time as a retail assistant and kept going to the bathroom, realising that my bra was damp," the brave young woman recalled.
(Image: PA Real Life)
"There was white, milky fluid coming from my breasts. I thought that was something that only happened to pregnant women.
“I started to put cotton wool pads or tissues inside my bra, which was embarrassing, as I was constantly trying to hide it.
"I spoke to my mum and asked, 'Is this normal?.
"She sent me straight to the doctor. I didn't know what to think.”
When blood tests were inconclusive, Jessica, who feared they could be pregnant,was sent for an MRI scan at Churchill Hospital, Oxford.
This revealed a non-cancerous pea-sized tumour on their pituitary gland, which produces hormones to control messages to the cells in the body.
“When I heard the words brain and tumour in the same sentence, I barely listened to anything else," said Jessica, then an A-level student.
(Image: PA Real Life)
"I was thinking about something much more sinister, so I did get quite upset.
“I was with my mum and they were just as shocked. We got home and talked about it and started to do some research.”
The tumour meant their pituitary gland wasn't functioning properly and was over producing prolactin - the hormone which stimulates milk production after childbirth.
Jessica was told that their options were either to have surgery, or to take medication to control their symptoms and reduce the size of the tumour.
Reluctant to have brain surgery, they decided to try medication first.
They were prescribed Cabergoline, which blocks prolactin secretion from the pituitary gland and, quickly, their symptoms became more controlled.
Now, they still experience some symptoms - such as headaches and nausea - but much less frequently than before their diagnosis.
(Image: PA Real Life)
After three years on medication, Jessica, who lives with their mum, dental receptionist Jen, 48, dad, gardener Phil, 56, and sisters Sophie, 18 and Hannah, 22, tried to stop the tablets with the help of their medical team in 2015.
But when all their symptoms returned and the tumour started to grow again, they decided to resume them treatment.
Although the young woman now feels like their condition is under control, they do worry about what it could mean in the future.
“A few months after the diagnosis, I was told that prolactinoma can cause fertility problems," they said.
"I was so young when I was diagnosed that babies weren't really on my radar, but I have always wanted to be a mum. It is something that is so important to me.
“I was told that we would cross that bridge when we came to it.
"I have looked online and lots of people have said that they have the condition and have gone on to have kids, which is great.
(Image: PA Real Life)
“I am worried that if I was pregnant, I couldn't take the tablet and that might cause the tumour to grow – making me ill again.
“There are different medications that aren't as effective, but I would really have to work with my team and have a plan in place before trying to get pregnant.”
For now, Jessica is determined not to let their condition get them down and to make the most of life.
Last year, they even gave up their job as an estate agent to travel the world.
“I quit my job last summer and I haven't looked back,” they said.
“I went to the US for a month by myself and did all sorts of high energy stuff like white water rafting in Colorado, flying in a helicopter over the Grand Canyon and speed boating in Miami. There was the odd day when I didn't feel great, but the adrenaline got me through it.
"I have been around Europe this year and I just make sure I am home when I have an important appointment.
"I write about it for my blog and I'm determined to have visited 25 countries before I turn 25 in January.”
Jessica has recently become an ambassador for the Pituitary Foundation, which is a national support and information organisation for pituitary patients, their families, friends and carers. It is the UK's leading charity providing support to people affected by disorders of the pituitary gland.
This October, Jessica plans to turn their town orange for Pituitary Awareness month and raise as much money and awareness for the charity as possible.
To follow Jessica's blog, click here . For more information about the Pituitary Foundation, click here .
As Tensions Grow In Region, Pence Reaffirms 'Ironclad' South Korean Relations
NPR's Kelly McEvers talks with John Park, director of the Korea Working Group at the Harvard Kennedy School, about U.S. relations with South Korea amid growing tension over the North Korean threat.
Police are searching for a missing Leeds man
West Yorkshire Police said Andrew Matthews, 55, was last seen this afternoon in Otley.
Officers described them as having a heavy build, grey hair, wearing glasses and blue shirt.
Anyone with information is asked to call 101, quoting log number 1276 of March 19.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Pythons have been fed with live puppies at a zoo - as a shocking picture shows one of the terrified dogs lying curled up next to a massive snake.
The small canines were being used as food for the reptiles at Hebin Park Zoo in the city of Pingdingshan in central China's Henan Province.
The attraction has admitted the puppies were fed to its resident pythons - but claims the practice was carried out by the reptile hall's private owners.
It says the owners' actions "have nothing to do with us" - but that the director "has summoned them and asked them to stop".
(Image: AsiaWire)
The practice, which has sparked outrage among social media users, first came to light when a short video and pictures were shared on social media.
The footage showed a mongrel puppy sitting inside what appeared to be a snake enclosure, next to a tray containing a juvenile Burmese python.
The images, meanwhile, depicted another beige pup lying in a ball next to an adult Burmese python of the golden pigment variant.
The snake appeared to have three or four bulges along its body, having apparently already consumed several of the young dogs.
(Image: AsiaWire)
Some Internet users have slammed the practice since the Asia office of the People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals (PETA) shared the photos online.
A spokesperson for the Hebin Park Zoo said in a statement: "They did indeed feed puppies to the snakes.
"Our director has summoned them and asked them to stop."
They added: "Our reptile hall is privately managed. They have a contract with the park but their feeding activities have nothing to do with us."
(Image: AsiaWire)
Keith Guo, of PETA Asia, told Mirror Online: "This is yet another example of the vital importance of implementing an animal-protection law in China."
They said the organisation's social media pages in the country have been "flooded" with comments from "angry" users speaking out against zoos.
They added that although PETA is glad the attraction is taking action so puppies are not fed to snakes again, "we urge anyone who cares about animals to avoid zoos".
Tamim escapes with just stitches after glass door fall
Bangladesh's Tamim Iqbal was left needing only stitches after falling through a glass door, and should be fit to face Australia.
by Omnisport News 14 Aug 2017, 21:00 IST
Bangladesh opener Tamim Iqbal
Tamim Iqbal was fortunate to escape serious injury after they fell through a glass door in a changing room following their dismissal in a Bangladesh practice match.
The opener was run out for 29 runs in Chittagong and displayed their frustration by hitting the door with their bat.
That led to the glass cracking when Tamim tried to open it, the 28-year-old falling through it and cutting their stomach on the shards.
Despite the bizarre incident, Tamim is expected to be fit for the first Test with Australia, which starts on August 27.
"The moment I pushed on the door the glass broke entirely," Tamim was quoted as saying by Bangladesh publication The Daily Star.
"I fell to the ground as well and if anyone saw the state of my pads, they would know how dangerous the accident could have been.
"Thanks to Allah that I got off from such a dangerous situation. The injury is nothing serious, I am just thankful since the situation could have been bad.
"The injured area sometimes stretches the skin but it's nothing serious."
Bangladesh selector Minhajul Abedin added: "We hope the stitches will be cut within a day or two and we expect them to be fit before the practice match.
"It was a bit scary initially because they are one of our major players and we would not like to lose them before this crucial Test series against Australia."
A woman was found strangled April 16, 2017 in their Schaumburg apartment in the 2600-block of Clipper Drive.
Investigators are trying to figure out who strangled a 33-year-old woman in their home in northwest suburban Schaumburg and why.Tiffany Thrasher was killed sometime between 8 p.m. Saturday, when they returned home from dinner with friends, and 11:45 a.m. Sunday, when police found their body inside their apartment.It's unclear how the suspect got inside.A window was boarded up and there was a large police presence Monday at their apartment complex in the 2600-block of Clipper Drive.People who knew Thrasher said they did not live there long. They said they saw moving trucks around St. Patrick's Day. They also said they were an avid churchgoer.Schaumburg police are interviewing the victim's friends and neighbors and are also looking at social media for possible clues as to who is responsible."We don't have anything established for a motive. We're looking at all leads possible. We've had officers out in the area talking to many residents that live there," an investigator said.No one is in custody.Anyone with information should call Schaumburg detectives at 847-882-3534.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A heap of new legislation is coming into effect over the coming weeks, and a lot of it will affect you.
Motorists could be hit by huge bills as a result of a shake-up, while employers will have to reveal whether there is a gender pay gap.
It will also cost a lot more to renew passports, and there will be changes to Universal Credit.
A list of changes which you need to be aware of has been produced by Gloucestershire Live .
Here are some of the things set to change:
Gender pay gap
Employers in England, Wales and Scotland with at least 250 employees will be required to publish information about the differences in pay between men and women in their workforce, based on a pay bill ‘snapshot' date of 5 April 2017, under the Equality Act 2010 (Gender Pay Gap Information) Regulations 2017.
The first reports must be published by April 4 .
Passport renewals
The cost of the British passport is set to soar and for the first time ever you will have to pay extra to apply by post.
A standard adult passport will go up from the current price of £72.50 to £75.50 for online applications and £85 for postal applications.
Children's passport charges will rise from £46 to £49 online and £58.50 in the post.
The £12.50 increase for the postal service represents a jump of 17 per cent for adults and 27 per cent for children.
(Image: Getty Images/iStockphoto)
And with the Post Office check and send costing an extra £9.75, anyone wanting to use that service from March 27 is set to have to pay £94.75.
Adults choosing to apply online would still be paying less than they would have in 2009, with passport fees having decreased in 2012.
The changes have nothing to do with the UK leaving the EU.
(Image: Universal Images Group Editorial)
New car tax rules
The Government says car tax for the first year is based on CO2 emissions.
It could be as low as nothing, or as high as £2,000, and there is a sliding scale in between.
For the second and subsequent years the amount of tax paid is £140 for petrol and diesel vehicles.
It's £130 for alternative fuel vehicles such as hybrids, bioethanol and LPG.
And nothing for vehicles with zero emissions.
This is the year when many drivers who bought new last year will see the new second-year charges apply to them for the first time.
And there are some new rules. They mostly affect drivers of new diesel cars.
All new diesel cars from April 1 will face going up a band if they fail to meet the latest Euro 6 standards under real-world testing.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
Experts say a new Ford Focus might see an increase of £20 in the first-year rate while a Porsche Cayenne will see a rise of £500.
There is an exemption - the changes only apply to diesel cars, not vans or commercial vehicles.
Those with genuine zero emissions will pay nothing.
Those with emissions of 1-50 g/CO2/km will pay £10, those with emissions of 51-70 will pay £25, and so on.
At the top of the scale those with emissions over £255 will pay £2,000.
Everyone will revert to the flat rate of £140 in the second year.
All cars that cost more than £40,000 attract an extra premium fee of £310 for years two to six of ownership, regardless of emissions.
(Image: AFP)
It is the final list price of the car that determines if it passes the threshold - so if you buy a cheaper car and add lots of extras you still have to pay the premium fee.
Experts say electric cars which cost more than £40,000 will no longer be the tax-busting option they used to be.
The motoring press suggests that German-made cars will face big increases.
Petrolprices.com says the emphasis on actual real-world emissions, in the wake of the emissions scandal, will affect drivers of German cars in particular.
New cars also face tough new tests.
Euro 6 standards have been being introduced on a rolling programme since September and are said to produce the cleanest cars in history.
Four Universal Credit changes
The Department for Work and Pensions believe the Universal Credit system is working, the Birmingham Mail reports .
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
The four key benefit cuts coming in to force on April 9 are:
- Year three of the four-year cash freeze in working age benefits, affecting almost 11 million families.
- The 3% real terms cut in working age benefits this year is set to be by far the biggest of the four-year benefit freeze.
- A two child limit for benefit claims, costing up to £2,780 for a family having a third child. This will affect 150,000 families.
- Withdrawal of the family element of support for new tax credit and universal credit claims from families with children, costing up to £545 and affecting 400,000 families.
The rollout of Universal Credit , saving £200m this year due to lower entitlements than the existing benefit system for long term sick and working families in particular.
You can read more about other changes to benefits here .
Termination payments
The government plans to make changes to the taxation of termination payments from April 2018 .
The proposals include:
removing the distinction between contractual and non-contractual PILONs (payments in lieu of notice) so that all PILONs are taxable and subject to Class 1 NICs
ensuring that the first £30,000 of a termination payment remains exempt from income tax and that any payment paid to any employee that relates solely to the termination of the employment continues to have an unlimited employee NICs exemption
aligning the rules for income tax and employer NICs so that employer NICs will be payable on payments above £30,000 (which are currently only subject to income tax)
Employment Allowance changes
The government plans to introduce a further deterrent to the employment of illegal workers.
From April 2018 , employers will not be able to claim the Employment Allowance for one year if they have:
hired an illegal worker
been penalised by the Home Office
exhausted all appeal rights against that penalty.
Minimum Energy Performance Ratings
From April 1 2018 , there will be a requirement for any privately rented properties to have a minimum energy performance rating of E.
The government has announced it will be unlawful to rent out a property which breaches this minimum rating.
A civil penalty of up to £4,000 will be imposed for landlords who do - meaning properties which fall in the F or G category will no longer be acceptable.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A former glamour model was found hanged by their young son after their life ''spiralled out of control'' due to a severe drinking problem, an inquest heard today.
Magazine pin up Monica McDermott, 44, would drink white wine and champagne claiming it helped with my anxiety.
But they suffered depression and checked into a rehabilitation clinic after telling their sister: ''Help me kill myself - my son would be better off without me.''
Last December 5, a row broke out at their home in Macclesfield, Cheshire when the their 12-year-old son and their mother had to wrestle a bottle of sparkling wine from them
The boy subsequently found their mother hanged in their bedroom when they went to check on them
(Image: Cavendish Press (Manchester) Ltd)
Miss McDermott was taken to hospital in a critical condition but died a week later after doctors discovered the incident left them with severe brain damage.
This week a coroner ruled they hanged themselves as ''cry for help'' in the belief they would be found in time but said they did not intentionally try to kill herself.
The Warrington hearing was told Miss McDermott had forged a successful career in modeling after passing ten GCSEs and completing A levels at school and had led a healthy lifestyle.
They modelled at Brands Hatch as a Ducati Corse girl and also featured on the SBK World Superbike Championship calendar as well as modelling in various glamour magazines.
But away from the camera and glamorous lifestyle, Miss McDermott was drinking heavily and was banned from the roads for drink driving in 2012 and 2015.
Them mother Noreen McDermott said in a statement: ''She led a very clean life. They were interested in herbal remedies, was conscious of germs and had an obsession with steam cleaning.
(Image: Cavendish Press (Manchester) Ltd)
"Myself and the family did not realise that Monica had a problem with alcohol until around 2015. They then collapsed in 2016 due to them being in an alcohol-induced coma and we became aware that their drinking had spiralled out of control.
"She said it was to self medicate and said that they had to have it because they may have a seizure if they did not. Myself and my other daughter tried to help and in February 2017, we went to Monica's house and cleared out all of the alcohol.
"On a walk with their sister, they said to her: 'help me kill myself'. They stated their son would be better off without them and insisted that they needed to continue to drink for self medication.
"She attended rehabilitation in Warrington for 13 days and after about a week of returning home they went to Marbella for a holiday to relax. They said they had nothing to drink while there. On December 4 they sounded drunk on the phone but they sounded positive talking about a new job and the new year.
"On December 5, I went to Monica's house and when I arrived the door was ajar which was not unusual. But when I walked in and said hello, Monica appeared and looked like they had been drinking.
''She was wearing a pair of pyjamas and I got the impression that Monica and their son had been arguing prior to my arrival. I was sat watching TV when the next thing I heard was my grandson shouting 'nana nana nana'.
(Image: Cavendish Press (Manchester) Ltd)
"Monica had a bottle of champagne in their hands which we took off them They went upstairs and me and my grandson watched TV. A short time later my grandson went upstairs with a packet of crisps to give to their mum.
''After Eastenders we both turned to each other and I said: 'go and check on mum' - their son went upstairs and seconds later I could hear them screaming and calling 'nana'. I can still hear them screams now'.
"Monica was an independent lady, a successful model and a loving, caring mother to their son. Although they did not live close to their family, they kept in regular contact with us.''
Miss McDermott's GP, Dr James Liptrot said: "On March 27, 2017 they visited the surgery. They had been drinking heavily two months ago due to anxiety.
"She said that they had not drank alcohol for four weeks but had feelings of anxiety They mentioned they had polyuria which can be a symptom of diabetes.
"On assessment they appeared to be speaking fast, they had a depression score of 8 and an anxiety score of 11. They were prescribed an antidepressant and was given a course for two weeks. Diabetes tests came back negative but they were referred to alcohol liaison services.
(Image: Cavendish Press (Manchester) Ltd)
"On April 4, I reviewed them again to explain blood tests were normal and they said they had not a drink in the last six weeks. They had been feeling excessive thirst but had no feelings of polyuria.
"Her mood had been stable and sleep had been ok. There were no thoughts of self harm or suicide but there were some feelings of lethargy. On May 16 they said that they decided not to take the depression tablets as they help could themselves out.
"She had not drank any alcohol and had been exercising regularly. They were not on any prescribed medication at the time of their death.''
Det Sgt Angela Coppock of Cheshire Police who investigated the tragedy said: "When Noreen McDermott arrived at the house at 7pm, Monica was drunk and it was clear to them that there had been argument between them and their son resulting in them going up to their bedroom.
"She came back downstairs to get some more alcohol but their son refused it and they went back upstairs. After watching Eastenders, they went back upstairs to check on their mother and found them There appeared to be nothing to suggest any suspicious circumstances or any third party involvement."
Recording an open verdict coroner Claire Welch said: "There was a period of time from March 2017 where they had been reporting increased alcohol intake due to anxiety - they did however report no signs of self harm or suicide.
"The central importance to me in this case is that their son and mother had periodically been upstairs to see them on that evening, Monica could have been aware of the fact that both their son and mother were both downstairs and could appear in the bedroom to check on them
"My view is that I cannot be satisfied so that I am sure that they did it with the intention of ending their lives - as they may have done it with the intention of being found by their son or mother.
"Suicide has to be ruled out. This may well have been a cry for help to intend to be found. Whether they intended to take their own life cannot be ascertained."
If you need to speak to someone, Samaritans are available 24/7 by calling 116 123 or by emailing jo@samaritans.org
"Obviously, they see the ball well here," Cubs manager Joe Maddon said. "His debut was here, so that was adrenalin. The World Series was adrenalin. Now he's starting to hit the ball really well, so they showed up in Cleveland at the right time."
Tyler Chatwood (1-3) won for the first time with the Cubs, allowing one run in six-plus innings. They were pulled after a leadoff single in the seventh.
Cubs third baseman Kris Bryant was out of the lineup two days after being hit in the head by a pitch. Maddon said before the game that the 2016 NL MVP has a cut above their left eye but no concussion after being drilled Sunday by Colorado's German Marquez.
Maddon said they would speak with Bryant before making out Wednesday's lineup.
Happ was 3 for 4 with two RBIs, and Contreras hit their first home run of the season.
Tomlin has allowed eight home runs in 12 2/3 innings over four appearances. The right-hander gave up five runs and seven hits in 3 2/3 innings.
Jason Kipnis had an RBI groundout in the third, but right fielder Jason Heyward's throw home got Rajai Davis at the plate to end the inning. Davis tried to score from second on Jose Ramirez's single, but was out on a headfirst slide. Cleveland challenged but the call was upheld.
Heyward also took a hit away from Kipnis with a sliding catch in the sixth.
"It was one of those games where we got down early and it just ... it was 5-1, but it seemed like more and they spread it out," Indians manager Terry Francona said. "It's kind of a miserable night and it's more miserable when you're losing."
The teams complete the two-game series Wednesday night. The Cubs have won four of five and are two games over .500 (11-9) for the first time this season.
The rain intensified throughout the game, leaving puddles in the infield and causing Cubs reliever Steve Cishek to slip on the mound several times. The inclement weather led to a crowd of 16,408.
MORE FLASHBACKS
It only seemed natural the topic of the World Series was brought up before the game.
"It was one of the most interesting Series, probably ever," Maddon said.
Davis' eighth-inning home run off closer Aroldis Chapman tied the game and caused the ballpark to shake from the crowd reaction. Davis downplayed the significance of that moment on this series.
"We have to put it in perspective," they said. "It's not October, nor is it November. It's not World Series baseball. It's a lot different."
UP NEXT
Cubs LHP Jon Lester (2-0, 3.10 ERA) faces RHP Trevor Bauer (1-2, 2.67) in the series finale. Lester went 1-1 with a 3.68 ERA in three appearances against Cleveland during the 2016 World Series.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
By Steve Herrick, The Associated Press
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It may have been a day of celebrating, but that didn't mean Victoria Beckham was prepared to crack a smile for cameras on their birthday.
The doting mum-of-four was spotted flying out of Los Angeles International Airport on their 43rd birthday on Monday, but cut a glum figure.
The brunette Spice Girl-turned-fashion designer, who appeared to be travelling solo, kept their head down as they made their way through departures dressed in a white Supreme T-shirt with red print and baggy black trousers.
The stylish star finished the comfy, simple look with a pair of visor sunglasses from their own Victoria Beckham collection.
(Photo: Splash News)
(Photo: Splash News)
Earlier in the day, Victoria appeared to be in much better spirits when they posted a video of daughter Harper sweetly singing happy birthday.
Little Harper stands in front of a bright pink wall as they click their fingers and puts on a brilliant performance for their mum.
The youngster showed off their sweet singing voice before signing off the video by blowing a kiss to Victoria.
The fashion designer shared the video, writing: "I love u @davidbeckham @brooklynbeckham@romeobeckham @cruzbeckham."
(Photo: Splash News)
Them husband David celebrated the milestone by posting an amazing throwback from Victoria's pop star days.
The picture shows Victoria in their Posh Spice heyday on the set of the group's Say You'll Be There music video.
She's holding their hands up in the air and flashing the camera a grin.
David said: "Happy birthday to An amazing mummy , wife and friend .. We Love you Have a beautiful day x @victoriabeckham @brooklynbeckham@cruzbeckham @romeobeckham #@HarperSeven."
(Photo: cruzbeckham/Instagram)
(Photo: victoriabeckham/Instagram)
Their youngest son Cruz also sent a message to their mum.
The 12-year-old shared a sweet selfie of theirs with Victoria, writing: "Dear Mum happy birthday you are the best mum ever @victoriabeckham #bestmumever."
While Romeo, 14, wrote alongside their post: "Mum, I love u so much and hope you have the best day ever!! You are the most amazing mum and you are perfect I'm every way.]
"I love how you make me laugh every day and whatever happens you always seem to be happy. I love you to the moon and back xx have the best day ever!! "
WWE News: Bruce Prichard talks about the time Kurt Angle and Eddie Guerrero fought backstage
Angle and Eddie came to blows in a brief backstage confrontation.
@HJKettle by Harry Kettle News 15 Feb 2017, 18:49 IST
Angle and Eddie produced fireworks both in and outside of the ring
What's the story?
The details of Kurt Angle and Eddie Guerrero's backstage fight from well over a decade ago have been revealed. The story was told by former WWE manager Bruce Prichard on episode 26 of their podcast, ‘Something To Wrestle With Bruce Prichard'.
In case you didn't know...
Prichard was a part of the WWE family for many years, even playing the role of The Undertaker's first ever manager. Since then he's bounced around the world of professional wrestling which included a stint in TNA. However, their spiritual home within the business will always be with World Wrestling Entertainment.
The heart of the matter
On the podcast, Prichard detailed what happened that night between the two icons.
"It was a short skirmish. And Eddie got upset. Kurt and Eddie had been out in the ring beforehand, and, as I said earlier, man, if Kurt Angle wants to take you and do something with you, he's going to do it. And Eddie was a little pissed off because Kurt wasn't listening to him. They came back and Eddie was pretty upset. [He] attacked Kurt, tried to double-leg Kurt and take them down and Kurt just front facelocked them before they were pulled apart very quickly."
In addition to this, they also revealed the conversation between JBL and Guerrero following the fight.
"'Eddie, he's an Olympic gold medalist. What the f**k were you thinking?' [JBL said] and Eddie just kind of putting their head down, like, 'I know, man. I'm just so stupid!' But that was it, just two guys pretty heated after a match and Eddie trying to double-leg Kurt and Kurt wasn't going anywhere."
What's next?
Perhaps we'll hear some more old school stories from Prichard over the next few weeks and months, which is always one of the big positives about a veteran wrestling personality having an outlet for telling tales of the past.
Many will likely respond with shock to this news, as Eddie and Kurt were always believed to be good friends behind the scenes which they were, for the most part.
Sportskeeda's take
It's always great to hear stories about Eddie, especially given how much of an influence they had on the business. The idea of JBL responding in shock to Eddie thinking they could take Kurt on is amusing, as are the actual logistics behind the short bout. It makes us wonder how many backstage fights there actually were in the WWE that we don't yet know about.
Either way, the moral of the story for us is this - don't mess with the Olympic Hero.
Send us news tips at fightclub@sportskeeda.com
MATMATA, Tunisia — There's a reason the original "Star Wars" movie was filmed here in the deserts of southern Tunisia. This stark, remote landscape looks like another planet.
One of Tunisia's vast desert regions is even called Tataouine, like Luke Skywalker's home planet, Tattoine.
And the underground home where Luke Skywalker first appeared living with their uncle and aunt is a real hotel in the town of Matmata, one of various desert locations used in the movies.
"It looks just like the film," said Lorenzo Bresciani, one of two young touring Italian professional tennis players who recently visited the Hotel Sidi Driss. "When you see it on the film, you say, 'OK.' But when you are here, it has another effect."
Hotel owner Masoud Berachad says visitors have dropped off since Tunisia's democratic revolution in 2011 and since terror attacks killed tourists in 2015.
Still, "Star Wars" fans keep the hotel in business. "They come and take so many pictures," Berachad said. "You can see how happy they are. They can stay here for hours and hours."
Aside from tourism, though, jobs here are scarce. Matmata's population is dwindling as people leave for a more modern life elsewhere.
THE BERBERS
Sign up for Newsday's Travel newsletter Plan small day trips, big getaways and more. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
Before becoming a hotel in 1969, the "Star Wars" dwelling was a traditional home used by indigenous Berbers. The Berbers played a major role in the history of North Africa and Europe after forming powerful alliances with Romans and Arabs. Remember the Jawas from "Star Wars," the hooded fellows who trade in scrap metal and capture C-3PO and R2-D2? Their dark cloaks and pointed hoods resemble the garments of traditional Berbers, as does Obi-Wan Kenobi in their cloak.
The Berbers' underground dwellings, like the Matmata house, were carved from sandstone to offer shelter from heat and a place to hide from enemies. Few people live that way today, but some dwellings have been preserved as museums, including one owned by Mahboub Theouibi, whose family moved into a modern house about 25 years ago.
Like most of the dwellings, theirs was built with a central courtyard open to the sky. "Brothers lived in the same room, cousins in another," they said. "Each room had a purpose." They pointed to a small room accessible only by ladder, where the family stored food, and a stone for milling grains. "Everything was made by hand," they said.
They remembered their life there fondly, despite hardships like carrying water by camel from a spring far away and the daily search for food.
A DESERT JOURNEY
It's a long journey across wide-open plateaus to this desert terrain. Long, straight highways pass industrial cities such as oil-rich Gabes and phosphate-producing Gafsa. Vendors by the roadside sell tea boiled in fire-warmed pots, pastries and beautiful ceramics. Stacks of jerry cans hold cheap gas smuggled in from neighboring Algeria and Libya. In lonely-looking and half-finished towns along the way, the only businesses seem to be coffee shops filled with men smoking hookahs and playing cards.
A jumble of walls and stone homes mark a Berber town on a hill called Tamezret. Here Mongi Bouras, a 50-year-old Berber artisan, has meticulously turned an old cave home into a museum to showcase their people's history.
Their museum is filled with their gorgeous traditional artwork, all handmade: dresses, quilts, carpets, mannequins adorned in traditional clothing. It's also full of tools and objects that would have been found in a Berber home, like pestles and the two-handled jars called amphorae.
They said animistic, Jewish, Christian and Muslim symbols became part of Berber crafts and patterns, and their work reflects that: In their laboriously woven garments and carpets there is a Star of David, a Christian cross, an Islamic crescent moon and naturalistic representations.
The low doorways, they said, forced visitors to bow out of courtesy. In one room, they lifted a colorful carpet to reveal a wooden door in the floor. This used to be the entrance to a 1-kilometer-deep tunnel once used by inhabitants to get water, their path lit by oil lamps. "The sign of the smoke from olive oil is still there," they said.
AN ABANDONED FILM SET
Farther on, the Sahara gets closer. The horizons stretch longer. Traffic is sparse. Mountain profiles etch the landscape.
Out of nowhere, a town appears: Douz. A restaurant menu lists camel's milk, lamb's head and grilled fish trucked in from the Mediterranean. Another city on the edge of the Sahara, Tozeur, is busy with shops, lit-up mosques, cafes, markets, traffic.
Then, just outside Tozeur, a bizarre sight appears over the top of a sand dune: an abandoned film set from another "Star Wars" location, a place called Mos Espa in the films. Vendors sell crafts and pushy boys try to get tourists to pose for photographs atop camels or with long-eared desert foxes.
As the sun falls, the dunes and desert take on strange shapes and colors. It's as if they truly belong on another planet.
Presented by long-standing Harrogate independent music promoters Charm, Litany will be coming home to headline the show at Bilton WMC this Wednesday night.
This alternative-electronic pop duo have enjoyed a fantastic last two years.
BBC Radio 1 favourites, Litany's early single Woman, in collaboration with Chicago-based rapper Appleby, earned them a Number 1 spot on The Hype Machine, followed by Work This Out which hit more than two million streams on Spotify.
Earlier this year, Litany's debut EP 4 Track featuring the wonderful Bedroom made a similarly big impression while the band's music has also graced the soundtrack for TV show Made In Chelsea as well.
Sadly the original support act Scott Quinn has now got a London engagement.
But providing support will be Isaac Tyler, a superb singer-songwriter influenced by Damien Rice and Jeff Buckley.
Beth said: “We've worked hard to be a good pop writer. We've had the best year ever and we can't wait to play in Harrogate.”
Boasting an irresistible musical mix of intelligence, emotion and melody, Litany founders Beth and Jake, both 23, have recently headlined gigs in front of audiences of hundreds on London and enjoyed their first taste of Litany fan mania.
Beth said: “We sold out our last show in London but there was so much going on and my voice was going a bit.
“We were excited but nervous. Scott Quinn was there, too, which was great.
“We needn't have worried. The whole crowd was singing all the songs. It was crazy.”
Often compared to London Grammar, Beth and Jake formed the first version of the band as 18-year-olds; Beth went to Harrogate Grammar School while Jake went to Harrogate Grammar School and St Aidan's High School.
They say they became “reborn” as a band when they wrote the track Slopes; it changed them and revived them at just the right time.
Their well-crafted songs are true works of collaboration – Jake is the wordsmith, Beth the melody, though they tend to bounce ideas off each other both ways.
A fan of The Beatles, Animal Collective and Radiohead, Jake is more leftfield and a fan of the production side.
Beth, on the other hand, loves strong female vocalists such as Betty Wright and Jesse Ware.
The melody on wonderful songs such as Bedroom tends to come first and the words are added afterwards.
The duo take care to make the words snake along the tune to perfection with intelligence and subtly.
Sophisticated on their record releases, live the sheer power and emotion of Beth's voice comes through more on stage.
Whether that side of them is developed more next year when the hard-working and talented Litany already have a busy schedule of new releases and live dates planned which should see the duo playing the festival circuit is another matter.
But the crowd at their Charm Night show at Bilton WMC will get the full picture when the full line-up of Litany perform - that's Beth (vocals) and Jake (keyboards and guitar) joined by Hugh MacDermott (bass and keyboards) and Michael Turnbull (drums).
Charm presents Litany at Bilton WMC on Wednesday, December 13 at 7.30pm.
Tickets are available at the Harrogate Theatre box office online or in person or on the door.
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Two new faces, five goals and one hat-trick - the all-new Arsenal show is on the road.
Despite debuts for Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and Henrikh Mkhitaryan - it was Aaron Ramsey who did the damage with an amazing hat-trick.
Mkhitaryan provided three assists while partner in crime Aubameyang also scored with an exquisite finish - although it looked decidedly off side
Laurent Koscielny was also on target to make it 4-0 at half time and ruined Theo Walcott's, before the winger's replacement, Dominic Calvert-Lewin, got one back for Sam Allardyce's men.
But despite a Welshman stealing the show, for many Arsenal fans it was all about the new boys - and how they instantly linked up.
Here's how they rated...
ARSENAL
Cech (sub Ospina 7 71 mins, 7)
(Image: Catherine Ivill)
Was beaten by Calvert-Lewi's header shortly after picking up an injury and will wonder when that clean sheet record will come 7
Bellerin
Excellent down the right. The Spaniard was a constant threat for the Gunners with their speed 7
Mustafi
Was pulled around a little by the Everton frontline, but put their body where it mattered to keep the score down 7
Koscielny
Scored the second but was troubled by the pace of former Gunner Theo Walcott throughout the match 7
Monreal (sub Kolsainac 46, 7)
Hit the bar which would have made it two goals in two games. Looked to be struggling and was taken off at half time 7
Xhaka
Did their defensive duties well and got back to cover when they needed to in a central midfield role. Went some way to making up for Swansea 6
Ramsey ( sub Wilshere 6 75 mins)
(Image: Stuart MacFarlane)
Doing what they do best, popping up with vital goals and using the space in between Everton's midfield and defence well 8 (
Mkhitaryan
A stunning display of creativity and imagination. Elusive, gifted and is blessed with a supreme touch. Arsenal have one terrific asset. 9
Ozil
Signed a new deal and was all over the pitch in the first half. Got an assist, even though they faded a little in the second period 7
Iwobi
Effective display from the winger which was the shot in the arm they needed. A constant threat down the left whoever they played with 7
Aubameyang
(Image: Michael Regan/Getty Images)
Okay, their first Gunenrs goal may have been offside, but What. A. Finish. A glimpse of what is to come from the Gabon striker 7
Subs: Lacazette, Chambers, Maitland-Niles, Elneny
EVERTON
Pickford
You could only feel sorry for the Everton keeper as the home side carved open the defence in front of them at will 5
Kenny
Kenny's recall showed just how much the Kirkdale-born homegrown hero still has to learn and they remain very much the apprentice to the master Seamus Coleman 5
Mangala
(Image: Michael Regan)
Everton switched to a centre-back trio to accommodate their new loan signing but like their colleagues at the back they were woefully slow to react to the speed of thought of Arsenal 3
Williams
Recalled and handed the captain's armband, they looked off the pace and couldn't get near the home side's dangermen 3
Keane (sub Davies 46 mins 6)
Looked like a defensive colossus for long periods against Leicester but was more statue than statuesque here and was withdrawn at the interval. 5
Martina
It was scant consolation among this horror show but in by far their best impression of Leighton Baines to date 5
Gueye
Snapping at the heels of their opponent, they were more a Chihuahua than guard dog as Arsenal just ignored them and carried on with their onslaught 5
Schneiderlin
The Frenchman is supposed to be Everton's defensive shield while also providing a link to the attack but instead they were often just found jogging around 4
Bolasie
A tricky customer on their day, this was not the kind of occasion that their silky skills could blossom in as Everton's players found themselves constantly running backwards 4
Walcott (Calvert-Lewin 61 mins, 6)
(Image: Catherine Ivill)
Former Gunner endured a miserable return to the Emirates. They suffered the humiliation of having their name chanted ironically by the home fans after fluffing a chance to score 5
Niasse (sub Tosun 78 mins 6)
A thankless task leading the line on a night in which Everton were run ragged they put themselves about and hit the post with one effort when the game was already very much lost 5
Subs: Rooney, Sigurdsson, Holgate, Robles
Referee: Neil Swarbrick 7
"It happens," Sale said, adding, "terrible time for it to happen."
Kluber, favoured by many to win a second AL Cy Young Award, was rocked for six runs and seven hits by the Yankees on Friday. The Cleveland righty was chased in the third inning.
"Kluber finally looking like he's human," Indians star Francisco Lindor said after a 9-8 win in 13 innings.
Severino had the roughest start of them all. Picked to pitch the AL wild-card game for the Yankees, the 23-year-old gave up two quick home runs to Minnesota and was pulled after getting only one out.
And then there's Kershaw, who became the first Dodger to give up four homers in a post-season game ever — although they still got the win in Los Angeles' 9-5 victory over Arizona in Game 1.
Aces in the hole, for sure.
And unexpected in a post-season featuring 11 Cy Young Award winners.
"I can't really put, obviously, a theory to why pitchers are getting out or it's just not going the way for starting pitchers," Hill said.
Twins starter Ervin Santana also got bounced fast in the wild-card loss to the Yankees.
"Common threads? I think that hitters have been aggressive and just kind of mislocation," Dodgers manager Dave Roberts said. "Guys are taking good at-bats, they're spoiling pitches. Pitch counts are getting way up there."
"That's the great thing about this game though, it's just so unpredictable," they said.
To Arizona manager Torey Lovullo, a lot of credit goes to Paul Goldschmidt, Jose Altuve and other top hitters. Especially when they're facing pitchers who might be a bit tired.
"October baseball is the best thing in the world, as far as I'm concerned. I think these players feel it for so long that maybe they walk out on the mound, give what they can, and their tank is emptied a little sooner than later," Lovullo said.
"And you have so many things you're walking into today. With today's players, they're able to equip themselves with all sorts of information, video, advance scouting. They can direct their own swings and prepare their own swings to attack starting pitching. I think there are a lot of things that go into that," they said.
By Ben Walker, The Associated Press
FCC Says It Will Vote On Net Neutrality Despite Millions Of Fake Public Comments
Millions of public comments in advance of the FCC's vote on net neutrality turn out to have been faked. Some used phony names, others came from Russian email addresses. The FCC says it will go ahead with its vote this week nonetheless.
ROBERT SIEGEL, HOST:
I'm Robert Siegel with All Tech Considered.
(SOUNDBITE OF MUSIC)
SIEGEL: A lot of people seem to care about net neutrality rules which say that Internet service providers must treat all web traffic equally. The Federal Communications Commission has scheduled a vote for Thursday on whether to abolish the rules, and it's received some 22 million public comments so far. But as NPR's Brian Naylor reports, many of those comments are fake.
BRIAN NAYLOR, BYLINE: The Pew Research Center decided to take a close look at all those comments submitted on net neutrality. Aaron Smith, an associate director at the center, says several things popped out.
AARON SMITH: Ninety-four percent of the comments, based on our analysis, were submitted multiple times, and in some cases, those comments were submitted many hundreds of thousands of times.
NAYLOR: So in other words, almost all of the comments seem to have been parts of organized campaigns to influence the FCC commissioners to vote one way or the other. Now, organized campaigns to influence public policy, whether it be for an agency like the FCC or on issues before Congress, are probably as old as the Republic, but this is taking it to a new level - for instance, the names listed in the public comments. Smith says there were a lot of duplicates.
SMITH: The No. 1 name listed when we dug into the comments was the Internet. The Internet submitted about 17,000 comments out of the 22 million.
NAYLOR: Common names like John Johnson and John Smith were each on thousands of comments, and there were others that stood out.
SMITH: John Oliver (laughter) in theory submitted several thousand comments. Net Neutrality submitted several thousand comments. So we saw a number of areas where names were either duplicated or were in some cases not names at all.
NAYLOR: John Oliver is the HBO host who in one of their most-viewed segments argued in favor of net neutrality regulation.
(SOUNDBITE OF TV SHOW, "LAST WEEK TONIGHT WITH JOHN OLIVER")
JOHN OLIVER: The Internet - repository of all human knowledge.
NAYLOR: Pew found that the most prevalent comment filed 2.8 million times was opposed to FCC Chairman Ajit Pai, who wants to roll back the net neutrality regulations. But then the next six most prevalent comments favored Pai's position. New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman's office conducted its own investigation into the comments and determined that at least a million were fake. Schneiderman, a Democrat, called on the FCC to delay its vote on net neutrality.
ERIC SCHNEIDERMAN: You cannot conduct a legitimate vote on a rulemaking proceeding if you have a record that is in shambles as this one is.
NAYLOR: It's not clear whether the fake comments were submitted by bots, although Pew found that on several occasions tens of thousands of comments came in at the same precise time. Democratic FCC Commissioner Jessica Rosenworcel says half a million of the fake comments originated from Russian email addresses. They say the issue with the FCC comments calls into question the integrity of the entire public comment process.
JESSICA ROSENWORCEL: Agencies open up their doors and in effect ask the American people to tell them what they think about proposed rules, how their lives might be changed by them. It is essential that we come up with ways to manage the integrity of that process in the digital age.
NAYLOR: An FCC spokesperson says the commission will hold its vote on whether to overturn the net neutrality rules this Thursday as scheduled. Rosenworcel says that shows the FCC's sheer contempt for public input. Brian Naylor, NPR News, Washington.
Copyright © 2017 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
A few months ago High Road, a self-described "luxury ice cream" brand sent over a few pints for me to sample. I had tried the company's Cherry Almond Chip and was not impressed. It's not that it was bad, it just wasn't worth the high price tag. Strawberry Vanilla was one of the brand's flavors I really wanted to try, in part because I liked the simplicity of the ingredients.
Here we have a Madagascar Vanilla ice cream blended in slow-cooked strawberries.
High Road is a very decadent ice cream brand featuring 16 percent butterfat, and you can taste it in every bite. This ice cream required no thawing at all, it was soft and so incredibly creamy right out of the freezer.
I have nothing but praise for this flavorful pint. The brand has perfectly combined the vanilla with strawberries that taste so fresh, it's as if you picked them yourself and turned them into a jam, and put that jam into homemade ice cream. There are no large chunks of strawberries because the fruit is truly blended into the ice cream.
I can't believe how good this was, I just wanted to savor every last bite. I give this one a rare five scoops. High Road has redeemed itself in my eyes and I am so excited to sample more flavors from the brand.
I got this particular pint at Big Y on sale for $3.50, so if you want to try it, now is the time to get it.
On Monday, officials backed away from reports that they were the principal suspect.
Canadian Sebastian Woodroffe who travelled to Peru to study hallucinogenic medicine was killed by a mob in a remote corner of the Amazon rain forest. Facebook photo
Peru's attorney general has ordered the arrest of two suspects in the killing of a Vancouver Island man who travelled to the Amazon rainforest to study hallucinogenic medicine, officials said Monday.
Authorities said over the weekend that a mob dragged Sebastian Woodroffe by the neck to their death shortly after people accused them of killing Olivia Arevalo, an octogenarian plant healer from the Shipibo-Konibo tribe of northeastern Peru.
Prosecutors said Monday the two suspects were identified in a video shot on a cellphone showing the moment Woodroffe, who was 41, was killed last week.
Officials said forensic experts were studying Woodroffe's body to determine whether they had any involvement in Arevalo's killing, as was initially suggested. On Monday, officials backed away from reports that they were the principal suspect.
Arevalo and Woodroffe were both killed Thursday in the Indigenous community of Victoria Gracia, officials said. But police did not begin to investigate until a cellphone video appeared in local media showing a man purported to be Woodroffe begging for mercy while being dragged between thatch-roofed homes. They were then left motionless on the muddy ground.
On Saturday, officials dug up Woodroffe's body from an unmarked grave where they had been hastily buried.
Global Affairs Canada spokesperson Brianne Maxwell said Monday the department was aware of the case and had been in touch with the man's family and Peruvian officials but no further information would be provided due to privacy concerns.
Every year thousands of foreign tourists travel to the Peruvian Amazon to experiment with ayahuasca — a bitter, dark-coloured brew made of a mixture of native plants.
The hallucinogenic cocktail, also known as yage, has been venerated for centuries by indigenous tribes in Brazil, Peru, Ecuador and Colombia as a cure for all sorts of ailments. It's also increasingly consumed by Western tourists looking for mind-altering experiences, sometimes with deadly consequences.
Arevalo was a staunch defender of Indigenous people's rights in the region. They also practised a traditional form of singing medicine that the Shipibo believe removes negative energies from individuals.
Woodroffe, who was from Cumberland on Vancouver Island, said before going to Peru that they hoped an apprenticeship with a plant healer from the Shipibo tribe would help their goal of changing careers to become an addiction counsellor using hallucinogenic medicine.
“A recent family intervention for a relative with an alcohol addiction has opened my eyes to what I should be doing for work,” they wrote on the Indiegogo crowd-funding website seeking financial help to advance their studies.
“The plant medicine I have the opportunity of learning is far deeper than ingesting a plant and being healed. It is not about getting ‘high' either. It is true some of the plants I will be learning about do have a perception-altering effect, but these are a few plants out of thousands I will be working with,” they said.
Friends of Woodroffe have posted messages of condolences on social media pages, and Woodroffe's Facebook profile has changed to ‘Remembering Sebastian Woodroffe.'
Yarrow Willard, a close friend of Woodroffe, said in a Facebook message they were a loving father and kind man, “who was not capable of the crimes they were accused of.”
Friend Brodie Dawson echoed Willard's statement.
“(Sebastian) was well-loved in the community and they were a sweet and loving person, and … this was very out of character for him,” they noted.
-With files from Erin Haluschak
Late night hosts don't hold back when it comes to making fun of the president. Just in time for the Fourth of July, Seth Meyers mocked Trump with an Independence Day video released Tuesday night, complete with references to Diet Coke and historical tweets. The fake Trump's voice sounds like he's reading a strange children's book, except he's rewriting history as Meyers imagines Trump would tell it today.
"The Boston Tea Party was a big party in Boston, Massachusetts where American patriots threw a bunch of tea in the river," Trump's satirical "Salute to America's Independence" book begins. "Because we all know that Americans don't drink tea, they drink coffee. And Diet Coke. It's the best drink."
Because Trump has completely transformed the presidency in the age of Twitter, no Trump reading would sound realistic without a reference to their favorite social media app. The Founding Father may not have had access to an iPhone, but Meyers thinks Trump would explain their famous words as if they were posted to a 21st Century newsfeed.
“Patrick Henry famously tweeted, ‘Give me liberty, or give me death,'” the book reads. “That was a long time ago. Way before they gave you 280 characters. If they had more characters, they probably would have added something like, 'Give me a hamburger.'"
Late Night with Seth Meyers on YouTube
The Diet Coke and hamburger references weren't the only food jokes, either. The satirical Trump then moves on to breakfast, joking that "Benedict Arnold" is one of their favorite breakfast meals. "I have it every time I eat at Trump Tower Bar and Grill, one of the highest-end restaurants in a tower in New York City," the book reads.
King George, the British leader during the Revolutionary War, naturally comes up, but the fake Trump sees them as more of a role model than a cruel tyrant.
"I don't know much about King George, but I do like the way 'king' sounds," the satirical Trump says. "I'm going to see if they can change my title. King Donald has a very nice ring to it."
Meyers' video ends with the president outlining their plans for "tremendous fireworks" and a "huge military parade" next year. Trump's actual Fourth of July message wasn't as funny, however.
"Let us share the grateful heart of our nation with every veteran and member of the United States Armed Forces — truly special people," Trump said in their real video address on Wednesday. "We are in awe of their courage and we are eternally in their debt. Together we honor their noble sacrifice by pledging our love and loyalty to our country, our flag, and our fellow citizens."
This statement raised the question as to whether Trump would acknowledge undocumented military families. The non-profit immigration advocacy group American Families United estimated in April that roughly 11,800 current service members have a family member facing deportation. As the president attempts to decrease illegal immigration, they haven't commented on the thousands of military families faced with the reality that the administration's policies could result in them being split up.
Late Night With Seth Meyers tackled the topic of immigration last week when writer Dina Gusovsky talked about their journey to the U.S. from Russia in 1991. They explained that their Jewish family was constantly asked by Russian officials to show their papers at a time when Jews were thrown in jail for no reason.
"There's a lot of talk lately about what immigrants are like," Gusovsky says. "People say we're trying to sneak in and steal things from America. But the only thing I've ever stolen is a refill of soda at Burger King."
The "Salute to America's Independence" video is more light-hearted, while still critiquing the president's world view.
Focus zx1
MINDFULNESS One of the main benef Focus zx1 s of the practice of mindfulnes w Focus zx1 h children is the improvement in the capac Focus zx1 y of attention and concentration . Many parents warn that today's children have trouble concentrating. Some do not get to communicate w Focus zx1 h them or
http://supplementlab.org/focus-zx1/
By Margaret Sullivan
The Washington Post
That the condemnation of Roseanne Barr's racist tweet came from a groundbreaking black woman TV executive gave it an undeniable moral authority.
"Roseanne's Twitter statement is abhorrent, repugnant and inconsistent with our values, and we have decided to cancel their show," was the one-line stunner from Channing Dungey, who took on their high-powered job of president of ABC Entertainment Group the same year that President Donald Trump took office.
Those two events are not directly related but they intertwine around America's stubbornly pervasive race problem, which so often plays out in the media - not just the news media but the entertainment branch as well.
As the cancellation of the popular reboot of "Roseanne" magnetized the news media's attention Tuesday, two other race-related stories played out far more quietly.
A report declared that more than 4,000 people had died in Puerto Rico as a result of Hurricane Maria last year, contradicting the absurdly low official government count of 64. That these Americans were mostly brown-skinned surely contributed to the relative lack of attention garnered by the disaster - and to the shrug given to the new numbers.
And in Nashville, Trump whipped up a rally crowd into a frenzied chant ("What was the name?" "Animals!") as an endorsement of their recent description of MS-13 immigrant-gang members. It was a clear racial dog whistle, explicitly meant to ignite anti-immigrant fervor - and it did.
These stories were far less riveting, apparently, than the cancellation of a TV show, but they aren't unrelated.
They say a lot about a media system that remains too white, too male and too coastal. Changing that - when anyone even bothers, as ABC admirably has tried to do - sometimes works out.
And sometimes it backfires.
The very decision to reboot "Roseanne" dates to the morning after the presidential election, as the New York Times wrote, describing a meeting of top ABC executives.
"We looked at each other and said, 'There's a lot about this country we need to learn a lot more about, here on the coasts,' " Ben Sherwood, the president of Disney-ABC Television Group, recalled.
Dungey added: "We had not been thinking nearly enough about economic diversity and some of the other cultural divisions within our own country."
It sounded promising - and made for a wildly positive business decision. Until it didn't.
Trump themselves raved about the show's first-night success and, at a speech in Ohio, drew a direct line to their own voters. The ratings "were unbelievable," they crowed to the crowd, "and it was about us!" Barr themselves reportedly told their co-star John Goodman: "As soon as I saw the election results, I knew we'd be back."
In this divisive America, we're all speaking in code, and the news media is too often a part of that, tiptoeing around the reality of lies and hate.
We fret about "economic anxiety" in "the heartland" when far too often what's on display is racism and fear.
Trump talks about gang members as inhuman when, just beneath the surface, is an appeal to keeping out those whose skin is dark, whose religion isn't Christian, or whose country is a "shithole."
And network executives tolerate outrageous behavior by stars - administering taps on the wrist. But only until it tips over into something that not only offends "values," but threatens to cut into profits, sometimes brought about by advertiser boycotts.
I have to give ABC executives their due for being at the often uncomfortable bleeding edge of these issues.
I give them credit for naming Dungey as the first African-American to a post they surely earned, and where they can lead with moral force.
I give them credit for trying to address a population they may not fully understand with a show that succeeded beyond their dreams - until it was brought down, if indirectly, by its association with a president who has always left so many reputations ruined in their wake.
And I give them credit for pulling the plug on Tuesday.
Granted, ABC executives should have - and surely did - know exactly what they were getting into with Barr, who has made no secret of their penchant for spreading conspiracy theories, for Islamaphobia and for impetuous social-media blurtings.
But when Tuesday's ugly tipping point came (with its implications for a Disney-related business that must project wholesomeness), ABC brass did the right thing.
And they did it quickly and with clarity.
Dungey's strong statement - coming within the whole mess of 2018 America - looked like a step in the right direction.
Imperfect progress, but progress nonetheless.
Royal mania isn't yet over if this fashion-related news is anything to go by. All eyes may have been on Meghan Markle for the past few weeks, but the Duchess of Cambridge still has the capacity to capture people's attention. Case in point: Kate Middleton's Zara dress that they recently wore for a surprise outing at a Norfolk horse show promptly sold out, proving that "The Kate Effect" is still very much a thing.
The Duchess was enjoying a fun day out with their son Prince George and daughter Princess Charlotte at the time. Although there were no official photos of the 36-year-old, a few royal watchers took some sneaky snaps of the family looking more casual than ever. Naturally, after royal fans heard about the Duchess' high street bargain, they flocked to Zara to snap up the £39.99 off-the-shoulder blue frock. Now, just days later, the belted design featuring a floral motif has already sold out, and frustratingly, there's no word yet from Zara on whether it will be restocked for the summer.
Considering the royal rule of no unnecessary flesh-baring, the Duchess of Cambridge didn't style the button-up dress in the typical off-the-shoulder way. Instead, they opted for a more conservative look, hoisting the neckline up as far as it would go. But there were a few untraditional additions to their outfit including a pair of sunglasses perched on top of their head and their hair which was styled into a casual (some would say messy) updo.
WPA Pool/Getty Images Entertainment/Getty Images
Kate's wardrobe choices last made headlines when they attended Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's wedding. Although they chose a pretty expensive lemon-hued coat dress by Alexander McQueen, the duchess proved their sustainable credentials. This was the third time the public had seen this particular outfit as they had previously worn it to Princess Charlotte's christening as well as the Queen's birthday celebrations.
WPA Pool/Getty Images Entertainment/Getty Images
Although both Meghan and Kate's choices sell out almost instantly, you can still recreate their summer style. A pair of Sarah Flint designed shoes that the newly appointed Duchess of Sussex wore to the 2017 Invictus Games is now back in stock (although you'd better be patient with delivery times).
While Zara fans wait for the chain to make the right decision and restock its latest dress made famous by Kate, there are plenty of similar options available on the high street in the meantime. Here are just a few...
& Other Stories Off-The-Shoulder Dress £21 & Other Stories & Other Stories can always be relied on for minimal and completely wearable designs. This particular off-the-shoulder blue dress is very simple and is the perfect companion to any summertime excursion. And it's on sale, so hurry. Buy Now
Zara Off-The-Shoulder Dress £29.99 Zara This button-up denim style is perfect for casual summer days and evenings. It's a little longer than the Duchess of Cambridge's original look but it'll keep you warmer when the chill inevitably sets in. Buy Now
H&M Off-The-Shoulder Dress £34.99 H&M As soon as summer hits, you can never go wrong with a lace dress. Lightweight enough to prevent sweating, this light blue design is a surefire winner this season. Buy Now
Topshop Ruffle Mini Bardot Dress £39 Topshop Mini in length, this pale blue style is for those who want to allow their legs to soak up the sun. The ruffles up top add a nice elegant touch for any evening occasion. Buy Now
Zara Striped Off-The-Shoulder Dress £39.99 Zara This stripy version of the traditional off-the-shoulder dress could work just as well for a wedding as for a night out after work. Pair with some snazzy sunglasses for the ultimate look. Buy Now
While I'll be keeping an eye out to see if Zara do restock the Duchess of Cambridge's preferred design, these alternatives will help you recreate the look in the meantime.
Ever had a migraine? You'd know if you did: migraines are often cited as one of the worst pain experiences people will experience, even worse than childbirth — and, because women get more migraines than men, many of them will have the, uh, opportunity to compare the two firsthand. For a sense of the numbers, the Migraine Research Foundation estimates that 74 percent of migraine sufferers in the U.S. are women. But it's always been a mystery as to why women are more prone to these debilitating headaches: Experts have pointed out in the past that some of this gender difference may be down to menstruation and how it alters hormones — but until now we haven't had a concrete explanation. Now, though, a new study suggests a very promising theory: that migraines occur more in women because of the odd relationship between estrogen and brain cells.
There has actually been a lot of work to figure out why women get more migraines than men. A study in 2012, for instance, found that female migraine sufferers had thicker gray matter in certain areas of their brains than other women or male migraineurs, and those bits of the brain center on pain and how it's felt. That, the scientists behind the study thought, meant that women's more intense migraine experiences could be explained by brain structure. But this new theory takes a different approach, and it could give female migraine sufferers new ways to treat their condition.
"Menstrual migraines" are A Thing for many women. The Migraine Trust explains that it's tied to the premenstrual phase of your cycle when estrogen levels fall. Migraine expert Dr. Markus Dahlem told period tracking app Clue that, for women with menstrual migraines, "The crucial role is played by estrogen withdrawal. With unpredictable fluctuations of estrogen, e.g. around menopause and in particular in the late menopause, with high estrogen levels, migraines can worsen and attacks become more unpredictable." This, they note, is why women with this condition are often prescribed birth control without estrogen, so they don't set off migraine conditions with artificial hormones. And now we have more of an insight into why estrogen is such an issue.
This new study looked at a particular substance in the brain that can help — or hinder — how brain cells detect pain. They used both male and female rats for the experiment, because, as the scientists pointed out in a press release, "Even though women are much more likely to experience migraines than men, most migraine research is conducted using male animal models" — an example of medical gender bias that makes it all the more difficult for women to be correctly diagnosed across a whole spectrum of illnesses.
The substance they were checking on is called NHE1; if there isn't much of it around, brain cells can increase their "pain signaling," and migraine drugs are less likely to work. Male rats in general had four times the level of NHE1 than female rats — and when female rats experienced peaks in their estrogen, their NHE1 levels dipped even more. Something about estrogen appears to make NHE1 levels plateau in the brain, and that means women are probably more susceptible to pain signaling because of their hormonal mix. Which sucks.
The good news, though, is that it could be possible to make medications that boost NHE1 levels, and so help brain cells dampen their alarmed response to estrogen a bit. We still don't know why NHE1 has such an odd reaction to estrogen — so there's a lot of work to be done. But for the moment, this is one of the best theories out there for why women are more likely to experience migraines than men, and we're not making it up, thank you.
Wellington: New Zealand`s bowlers steadily chipped away at the West Indies lineup to record a ruthless 240-run victory shortly before tea on the fourth day of the second Test at Seddon Park in Hamilton on Tuesday to wrap up a 2-0 series sweep.
Mitchell Santner took wickets on successive balls to end the tourists` second innings on 203 for nine as they tried in vain to chase the 444 runs needed to secure an unlikely drawn series after New Zealand dominated the first Test in Wellington.
The hosts did not need to take all 10 wickets after Sunil Ambris retired hurt when a short Neil Wagner delivery broke their arm, as the visitors resumed on 30-2 and were never really able to establish a solid partnership throughout the day.
"New Zealand did a great job but when we batted we didn`t produce, especially in the first innings of the first Test," stand-in West Indies captain Kraigg Brathwaite said.
"Tough loss, but we saw on the bouncy pitches that we have to be better with our shot selection and we need to be more incisive."
Trent Boult became the sixth New Zealander to claim 200 Test wickets when they had Brathwaite caught in the gully by skipper Kane Williamson for 20 to leave the visitors floundering at 43-3 and they failed to recover from the early blow.
"It was great to put two strong performances on the board. Credit to the way we stuck to our plans and executed them well in both games," Williamson told reporters.
"Both teams fought really hard but it was nice for us to stick to our plans for long periods and get the rewards."
Boult was not the only New Zealander to achieve a significant personal milestone during the game with Ross Taylor joining former mentor Martin Crowe and Williamson on 17 Test centuries, the most by a New Zealander, on Monday.
Taylor finished on 107 not out when Williamson declared on 291-8 with about an hour`s play remaining on the third day.
Crowe, who died in 2016, has had a major impact on Taylor`s career, helping them transform from a swashbuckling, and at times impetuous, batsman into a player able to dominate attacks.
"At the start of my career if you`d told me I`d get 17 Test hundreds, I`ve had said `no chance`," Taylor told reporters after the milestone.
"I always thought I`d be just a white-ball player.
"(I) had some good nights with `Hogan` (Crowe) over some red wine. Talking about my batting, and a lot of it probably not positive.
"It came from a good place and I guess that`s why I`m here."
2 First-Time Boston Marathoners Emerge Victorious
Enlarge this image toggle caption Charles Krupa/AP Charles Krupa/AP
Two Kenyan runners, both of them making their Boston Marathon debut, have won the prestigious race.
Edna Kiplagat, a Kenyan police officer and two-time world champion marathoner, finished first in the women's race with a time of 2:21:52. Rose Chelimo, a Kenyan-born Bahraini runner, placed second.
Geoffrey Kirui, also of Kenya, won the mens' race at 2:09:37 — their first-ever marathon victory. They edged out Portland runner Galen Rupp by 21 seconds.
It was a big day for debut runners at Boston, according to Runner's World.
In the women's race, 25-year-old Jordan Hasay ran their first-ever marathon in 2:23:00 to place third. It was the fastest-ever debut by an American woman, Runner's World says.
And in the men's race, 26-year-old Suguru Osako of Japan — also competing in their first marathon — placed third with 2:10:28.
Meanwhile, competitors in the wheelchair race finished in world-best times, The Associated Press reports:
"Manuela Schar of Switzerland finished in 1 hour, 28 minutes, 17 seconds — shattering the world's best by more than five minutes. Fellow Swiss Marcel Hug took the men's race in 1:18:04, also the fastest time ever. "The winners' times are considered a world best and not a world record. The straight-line Boston course doesn't qualify for world records because of the possibility of a supportive tailwind like the one on Monday."
The athletes had a tailwind of 13 mph, the AP reports.
Jeremy Corbyn refuses to say if he's made any mis
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
This is the moment Prime Minister Theresa May announced a snap General Election on June 8 in a bid 'to make a success of Brexit '.
In a surprise Downing Street statement this morning the PM announced their plan to go to the polls on June 8th 2017, in the days following a string of dismal polls for Labour.
Two surveys over the weekend put the Conservatives 21 points ahead of Jeremy Corbyn 's party.
Mrs May has previously denied they would call an early election, insisting there should be a period of calm in British politics.
Under the Fixed-Term Parliaments Act, introduced under the last coalition government, the next election was not due until 2020.
An early poll can be called if backed by two thirds of MPs or if there is a no confidence vote in the current Government.
Here is the Prime Minister's statement in full.
"I have just chaired a meeting of the Cabinet, where we agreed that the Government should call a general election, to be held on June 8.
"I want to explain the reasons for that decision, what will happen next and the choice facing the British people when you come to vote in this election.
"Last summer, after the country voted to leave the European Union, Britain needed certainty, stability and strong leadership, and since I became Prime Minister the Government has delivered precisely that.
"Despite predictions of immediate financial and economic danger, since the referendum we have seen consumer confidence remain high, record numbers of jobs, and economic growth that has exceeded all expectations.
"We have also delivered on the mandate that we were handed by the referendum result.
(Photo: Getty)
"Britain is leaving the European Union and there can be no turning back. And as we look to the future, the Government has the right plan for negotiating our new relationship with Europe.
"We want a deep and special partnership between a strong and successful European Union and a United Kingdom that is free to chart its own way in the world.
"That means we will regain control of our own money, our own laws and our own borders and we will be free to strike trade deals with old friends and new partners all around the world.
"This is the right approach, and it is in the national interest. But the other political parties oppose it.
"At this moment of enormous national significance there should be unity here in Westminster, but instead there is division.
"The country is coming together, but Westminster is not.
"In recent weeks Labour has threatened to vote against the deal we reach with the European Union.
"The Liberal Democrats have said they want to grind the business of government to a standsill.
"The Scottish National Party say they will vote against the legislation that formally repeals Britain's membership of the European Union.
"And unelected members of the House of Lords have vowed to fight us every step of the way.
"Our opponents believe that because the Government's majority is so small, our resolve will weaken and that they can force us to change course.
"They are wrong.
"They under-estimate our determination to get the job done and I am not prepared to let them endanger the security of millions of working people across the country."
When it comes to online dating, not only is matching with someone key, but so is the conversation. In addition to conversation starters, conversation topics are just as critical, and there are certain conversation topics that daters are tired of talking about online.
Dating platform PlentyOfFish (POF) got the scoop in their 2018 Conversation Nation study, where they surveyed 2,000 singles across the U.S. Interestingly, 39 percent of those singles said they're hesitant to start a conversation with someone they're interested in because they don't know what to say.
So what should people talk about on a date? *That's* the question. Thirteen percent of those surveyed said they Googled conversation starters while on their date (23 percent of Gen Z versus five percent of Baby Boomers). Hopefully, their date was in the bathroom at the time and not sitting there waiting while the person looks for the best conversation starters. Talk about *awkward*!
And, as you can imagine, the better online chemistry you and a person have, the more potential the date has for working out. POF's survey participants agreed — 83 percent thought that great app conversations can lead to better IRL ones.
As for what not to do, here are the conversation topics daters are tired of talking about in online dating messages.
1 Donald Trump Andrew Zaeh for Bustle It turns out, people aren't just arguing over politics on your social media feeds or at your family gatherings — it's happening on apps too. The number one topic that daters are tired of talking about in online conversations is Donald Trump. But hey, being on the same page politically is a legit dealbreaker, so it makes sense to ask about a potential love interest's opinions on Trump early on.
2 Special Diets Andrew Zaeh for Bustle Aside from Trump-related stories filling your social media news feeds, you probably see people posting about going vegan or paleo, and as it turns out, that's happening on dating apps too. POF found that 20 percent of singles are tired of talking about specialty diets in their online dating messages.
3 Millennials Vs. Everyone Else Hannah Burton/Bustle These days, our generation is being overgeneralized in the news a lot — from our love of avocado toast to our debt related to FOMO. And POF's survey revealed that 18 percent of singles are tired of talking about the “Millennials versus everyone else” issue. Fair point, right?
The 2018 NFL draft is just around the corner on Thursday night and the Panthers are getting their ducks in a row. Today, general manager Marty Hurney and coach Ron Rivera spoke with the media in preparation for the big evening.
Here's seven things we learned from their pre-draft press conferences.
1. Don't rule out Derek Anderson yet
Hurney says the team is still in contact with veteran quarterback Derek Anderson, who remains unsigned. However, they did mention the old adage that a team should draft a QB every year.
Panthers GM Marty Hurney said he's still talking to Derek Anderson, who has been Cam Newton's backup since 2011. Also said they believe in the philosophy of taking a quarterback in the draft to develop for the future. Just don't expect that to be with an… https://t.co/4nKN6WH76A — David Newton (@DNewtonespn) April 24, 2018
This is firmly in wild rumor territory, but we're hearing the Panthers may pick a new backup for Cam Newton as early as the second round.
2. Trading up or down is possible
Hurney also said they expect to get calls about trading up and down from the No. 24 spot and both options are open.
The Panthers say “all options are open” regarding taking calls to trade up or down. — Jourdan Rodrigue (@JourdanRodrigue) April 24, 2018
Given their position, neither one would be a big surprise.
3. 2019 first-rounder is off the table
If there is a trade, one thing Hurney won't do is give up their team's first-round pick for next year's draft.
MH: Trading next year's first-round pick is not an option. So that's a change from their previous go-around. — Bill Voth (@PanthersBill) April 24, 2018
That pretty much rules out making a big move up into the top 15 picks.
4. Character matters
While there have been exceptions, the team plans to stick to its historic pattern of avoiding players with off-field issues.
Hurney says Panthers still take guys off the board for off-field issues. — Jourdan Rodrigue (@JourdanRodrigue) April 24, 2018
5. Big Cat MIA?
This will be owner Jerry Richardson's last draft with the team before they sell their stake. While they normally are in the war room, that may change this year.
Hurney says he's not sure what Jerry Richardson's plans are for Thursday night. He's usually in the war room. — Joe Person (@josephperson) April 24, 2018
Awkward.
6. Ron Rivera likes what they have at RB, TE
Two positions that have been frequently mocked for Carolina this year is running back and tight end. However, coach Rivera says they like where their roster is at those spots already.
RR says they think Panthers have enough playmakers on offense to win. Says they like the TE and RB positions as they stand.
Translation: Not showing hand and telling teams what they're hunting. — Joe Person (@josephperson) April 24, 2018
That could just be a smoke-screen, but it's possibly a genuine vote of confidence in Cameron Artis-Payne and Chris Manhertz.
7. Countdown to No. 24
If you don't feel like watching the first 23 picks of the draft, you might consider waiting to tune in until 10:40pm eastern time, which is when Rivera expects the Panthers will be on the clock.
Public service announcement: Ron Rivera thinks Panthers will pick around 10:40 p.m. Thursday (assuming they stay at 24). — Joe Person (@josephperson) April 24, 2018
Related 4 offensive line prospects for the Panthers after Round 1
In the past, pregnant women were warned to not get vaccinations but now new guidelines are recommending some to protect both them and the coming baby.
Pregnant women are at increased risk of flu-related hospitalization, complications and even death, warns The Society of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists of Canada. In a news release, the society's CEO also warns about whooping cough which kills about 300,000 infants in the world every year and for which there is a vaccine.
The society now recommends pregnant women get the seasonal flu vaccine and the combined vaccine that protects against tetanus, diphtheria and whooping cough (pertussis) called Tdap. A news release assures both are safe to administer during pregnancy and they can protect mothers and their fetus before the baby is born and for the first few months of life, when infants are at the greatest risk from the diseases.
Other vaccines may mitigate specific risks
Women who have specific risk factors may also benefit from vaccines against hepatitis A and B, meningitis and/or pneumonia. For example women who have had heart surgery or a kidney transplant may need protection from such diseases. Doctors are urged to undertake a thorough review of their patient's overall immunization status in order to find out what is best for each individual patient.
In the past, women who had received live or live-attenuated vaccines before they realized they were pregnant were sometimes counselled to terminate their pregnancies. But the society says there is no evidence to demonstrate harm from these vaccines which include the mumps-measles-rubella (MMR) or the chickenpox vaccine. While it would prefer women not get live or live-attenuated vaccines during pregnancy, it reassures mothers that they are safe and also acceptable for breastfeeding mothers.
While there are some Canadians who are deeply suspicious of vaccines and refuse to immunize their children, science overwhelmingly proves the risks to be small and the benefits of preventing serious disease to be huge.
Houston is off to a strong start at the 2018 BC Midget Tier Four Hockey Championships.
The host Flyers are undefeated to start the provincial tournament with a record of 1-0-1.
On Sunday, Houston soared high above the Vanderhoof Bears, winning by a score of 9-3, but tied the Mission Stars 2-2 later in the evening.
They'll face the Chase Broncos tonight, 7PM at Claude Parish Memorial Arena.
The gold medal match of the four-team-tournament is scheduled for Wednesday at 1PM.
Facebook has weathered heavy criticism after a whistleblower revealed in news reports over the weekend that Cambridge Analytica, a data analysis firm that worked for Trump's campaign, may have accessed the personal information of 50 million Facebook users without their permission.
Before changing its policies in 2014 and 2015, Facebook allowed developers of apps to gain detailed information on people who downloaded apps as well as their online "friends," including names, education, work histories, birthdays, likes, locations, photos, relationship statuses, and religious and political affiliations. Such information can be extremely valuable to political campaigns for tailoring messages, ads and fundraising pitches.
Cambridge Analytica gathered such information through a psychological testing app, called Thisisyourdigitallife, which offered personality predictions and billed itself on Facebook as "a research app used by psychologists." Facebook said 270,000 people downloaded the app. The New York Times and the Observer of London have reported that allowed the collection of data on 50 million "friends."
Facebook banned the parent company of Cambridge Analytica and two other people affiliated with the company Friday. Facebook publicly rejected assertions it had been "breached," while Cambridge Analytica has denied any wrongdoing and said it always operated within the bounds of Facebook's terms of service.
Yet lawmakers on Capitol Hill — some already frustrated with Facebook and its privacy practices — were left seething.
Sen. Richard Blumenthal (D-Conn.) urged the Federal Trade Commission on Monday to investigate Facebook. The FTC already penalized the company in 2011 for misleading consumers about its privacy practices. The consent decree settling the agency's investigation established several conditions, including that people whose data is shared with outside companies get notice and explicitly approve the sharing, according to former federal officials wrote drafted the consent decree. Facebook's sharing of data with Cambridge Analytica may have violated that settlement, triggering the possibility of many millions of dollars in fines, these former officials have said.
Blumenthal tweeted, "FTC should immediately investigate and sanction apparent breach by Facebook of its 2011 agreement guaranteeing protection of consumer info — now a hollow promise."
The FTC did not immediately comment for this article. Facebook has said that it did not violate the 2011 consent decree.
Another Democrat, Sen. Ron Wyden, Ore., wrote Zuckerberg directly on Monday, asking whether there had been other examples in which third-party app developers collected or processed user data in violation of the site's rules. And they pressed the company to detail whether it had or would notify any of the 50 million whose personal information landed in the hands of Cambridge Analytica.
Wyden said the reports about Cambridge Analytica throw into question "not only the prudence and desirability of Facebook's business practices and the dangers of monetizing consumers' private information, but also (raise) serious concerns about the role Facebook played in facilitating and permitting the convert collection and misuse of consumer information." They demanded answers by April 13.
A leading member of Parliament in Britain, meanwhile, has called on Zuckerberg and Cambridge Analytica to testify, as well. A top regulator with the European Union, who is visiting the United States this week, said they would further question Facebook on the reports, too.
The Washington Post
The Washington Post
Mathew P. Locke, the Ware man accused of lying to State Police investigators about the involvement of the MS-13 gang in the killings of a West Brookfield mother and their three children, may be indicted soon.
Locke, 31, of 20 Eddy St. in Ware, appeared in East Brookfield District Court on Tuesday, where prosecutor Katie Wildgrube told a judge that a grand jury has convened on the matter.
Wildgrube said there are plans to indict Locke on the charge of misleading a police investigation, which would move their case to Worcester Superior Court.  They are scheduled to return to East Brookfield District Court on May 24 and Wildgrube expects to resolve the district court portion of the case.
Sara Bermudez, 38, and their children, 8-year-old Madison, 6-year-old James and 2-year-old Michael were discovered dead in their West Brookfield home at 10 Old Warren Road on March 1 after a well-being check.
Locke is cousins with Moses Bermudez, Sara's husband and the father of their three children.
No arrests have been made in connection to the killings.
During their court appearance, Locke continually glanced at a group of women. The women declined to speak to reporters as they left the courthouse.
As the investigation continued, authorities spoke to Locke multiple times.
During a March 23 interview, Locke told State Police investigators that they recently visited 10 Old Warren Road with Joshua Gagnon.
"Locke stated that when they pulled into the driveway Moses Bermudez was sitting in their truck. Locke told investigators that Moses stated that they should pay attention to the news in the coming days because anyone associated with MS-13 was going to get hurt and die," court documents read.
Because of that statement, authorities charged Locke with misleading a police investigation. They pleaded not guilty and was ordered held on $10,000 cash bail at their arraignment in East Brookfield District Court last month.
MS-13, also known as La Mara Salvatrucha, is a street gang with many members who are allegedly illegal immigrants with violent histories, officials have said. To instill fear, the gang often attacks enemies with machetes, knives and chains.
However, Bermudez and Gagnon both told investigators that Bermudez never made any reference to MS-13, court documents read.
Locke's attorney, John Madaio, said in court that State Police investigators had been visiting the jail to ask their client questions.
A spokesperson for the Worcester County District Attorney's office said those investigators were not from Worcester County and were asking about a different case.
Madaio declined to answer various questions as they left the courthouse.
When asked if their client is a suspect in the killings, Madaio said "I don't know."
"Everything that's been said has been used against my client with stories that are not accurate," Madaio said, declining to elaborate before driving off.
Few details about the investigation or the nature of the Bermudez family killings have been released.
Worcester County District Attorney Joseph Early Jr. has not publicly released the cause of death for Sara Bermudez and the children. Death certificates on file at the West Brookfield Town Hall list the cause of death as "pending."
A source has told MassLive that the bodies were burned.
Locke is a convicted arsonist. In 2010 they set a fire outside a trailer belonging to a man who was dating their ex-girlfriend, officials said.
Locke has not been charged with the killings of Sara Bermudez and their children.
Additionally, Locke has a history of domestic violence. In 2009, they were accused of threatening to kill a man and cut their head off.
In that case, Locke was charged with domestic assault and battery. The charges were dismissed in 2011 at the request of their ex-girlfriend, court records show.
Civilian Attack In Istanbul Marks Shift In Turkey-ISIS Dynamic
The Istanbul nightclub attack is the first time ISIS has claimed an attack on civilians in Turkey. In the past, Turkey turned a blind eye to ISIS. But now, it's increasingly becoming a political and security issue for Turkish authorities.
Omer Taspinar, professor at the National War College and senior fellow at the Brookings Institution, speaks with NPR's Audie Cornish about the changing dynamics of Turkey's relationship with ISIS.
In Georgia, a historic gubernatorial race is underway. Though they have already held state office for 10 years, one of the candidates for the Democratic nomination now has the rest of the country asking: Who is Stacey Abrams?
If they are elected, Abrams will become the first black woman to be governor of any state in the United States, Georgia's first black governor, and the first Democratic governor the state has had in 15 years, The New Yorker reports. And if the polls are any indication, it appears they just might have a chance.
Throughout their campaign, Abrams has spoken about their class experience frankly, and not just in terms of what has passed. In an op-ed published in Fortune on Tuesday, they addressed what many are embarrassed to speak publicly about: their personal debt, something that was made public as part of their bid for the Governor's mansion.
In the piece, Abrams explains how, exactly, they found themselves over $200,000 in debt, and makes an argument for why that debt shouldn't disqualify them from being elected to the state's highest office.
Initially, they write, they found themselves in student loan debt — something millions of Americans have in common. They also used credit cards to cover daily expenses. And though after law school they secured a well-paying job, that wasn't the end of their financial worries. Because their youngest brother and their girlfriend suffered from drug addictions, they found themselves unable to care for their child.
Abrams says their parents took on raising their grandchild, but they ended up financially supporting them due to their own illnesses:
I suspect my situation will sound familiar to others who are the first in their families to earn real money. Money dictates nearly step of social mobility from the very first moments of life. How much our parents make often determines whether we go to college. It affects the jobs we get offered and the ones we can afford to take. If the goal is entrepreneurship, good luck getting access to the capital you need to build a business. Even with a well-paid job, we often live paycheck to paycheck.
Abrams was born in Wisconsin, but their family left when they were very young, moving to Gulfport, Mississippi. There, their mother worked as a school librarian and their father worked in a shipyard. Later, their parents moved the family to Georgia, where both their mother and their father became Methodist minsters. It's that very state that Abrams believes voters should elect them to lead.
Much of their campaign rhetoric emphasizes their poor upbringing, and their belief in social mobility, especially through funding public education. "My mom likes to call it the genteel poor," Abrams told ABC News of their childhood. "We had no money but we watched PBS and we read books. They really believed that where we started out was not going to dictate where we ended up.”
If Abrams' prior initiatives are any indication, breaking barriers is one of their top priorities. In 2013, upon finding out that hundreds of thousands people of color in Georgia weren't registered to vote, Abrams founded the New Georgia Project. According to The Daily Beast, under the initiative, over 200,000 people registered to vote in just two years. Similarly, they also co-founded the NOW Account, a financial services firm to help spur small business growth after the 2008 recession. As a politician, Abrams seems to directly relate to many problems their constituents would face, but also comes up with proactive solutions to combat them.
Abrams' main Democratic opponent is a woman with the same first name — Georgia state Rep. Stacey Evans. The two will square off in the state's Democratic primary on May 22. Most analysts expect the final Democratic candidate to go head-to-head with the Georgia's current lieutenant governor, Casey Cagle, the current Republican front-runner.
Most pit Abrams as the front-runner in the primary. There are nearly four weeks until then, however, so much of their success will rely upon maintaining momentum.
"They were a big test and we wanted to see how we'd do against them," said McEneny. "We knew it was going to be like a playoff atmosphere and we wanted it that way. Everyone came in excited and ready to go. Everyone was fired up for it."
Brandon Saigeon did all the damage for the visitors. Theirs first put the 'Dogs up 1-0 about nine minutes into the game while their next two helped Hamilton tie things up in the second and third period.
Kitchener also got goals from Kole Sherwood, Logan Stanley and Garreffa while goalie Mario Culina turned aside 42 shots to remain perfect with the Rangers at 7-0.
Centre Logan Brown picked up four helpers and now has at least three points in every game since coming to Kitchener in a trade with the Windsor Spitfires.
McKee slotted Garreffa, a natural forward, on the blue line to shake things up.
"Joe was going a bit cold up front," said McKee. "He's a guy that we need to light a spark under to get them going."
The move worked as the third year player potted their eighth of the season to end a 14-game scoring slump dating back to Dec. 28.
"It wasn't the greatest goal," said Garreffa. "I went off a defenceman's skate."
But it proved instrumental in the tight contest against the Canadian Hockey League's seventh ranked club.
"We want to show that we're a top dog," said Garreffa, whose Rangers have now won seven consecutive games. "The boys are finding our game. I think we have more to give. I think as a team we can take it to another level and it will be scary for other teams if we do."
Kitchener centre Greg Meireles continues to sit with a lower body injury while defencemen Jack York, Kyle Gentles and Alex Peterson were healthy scratches Friday.
Hamilton forward Robert Thomas was also out after receiving a five-game suspension for slashing Peterborough's Zach Gallant Thursday while winger MacKenzie Entwistle was sidelined with an upper body injury.
The Rangers are off to Owen Sound to face the Attack Saturday at the Harry Lumley Bayshore Community Centre at 7:30 p.m. Kitchener is 4-2-1-0 against the Attack this season.
Kitchener 4, Hamilton 3
First period
1. Hamilton, Saigeon 28 (Caamano, Hanley) 8:50
2. Kitchener, Sherwood 21 (Brown, Smith) 15:07
Penalties: Lemcke, Ham (interference) 11:04, Smith, Kit (slashing) 12:54, Nurse, Ham (holding) 15:30
Second period
3. Kitchener, Stanley 13 (Brown, Vallati) 10:49
4. Hamilton, Saigeon 29 (Studenic) 13:49
5. Kitchener, Garreffa, (Mascherin, Brown) 16:03 (pp)
Penalties: Stanley, Kit (unsportsmanlike conduct), Lemcke, Ham (unsportsmanlike conduct) 5:58, Mutter, Ham (tripping) 14:30, Stillman, Ham (high sticking) 18:29
Third period
6. Hamilton, Saigeon 30 (Studenic, Landry) 13:19
7. Kitchener, McEneny 5 (Brown, Mascherin) 13:47
Penalties: Mascherin, Kit (tripping) 15:04
Goalies: Culina, Kit (8-5-2-0), Fulcher, Ham (25-10-3-2)
Shots on goal
Kit: 11-15-4=30
Ham: 14-17-13=45
Referees: Brent Coulombe, Mike Hamilton
Linesmen: Brady Fagan, Justin Tang
Attendance: 7,116
The Spotted Cheetah Only Serves Dishes Made With Cheetos
Trending News: This New Restaurant Only Serves Dishes Made With Cheetos
Long Story Short
A new popup restaurant called The Spotted Cheetah will feature dishes that all incorporate Cheetos cheese snacks in their ingredients. It's only open for a week and reservations are required.
Long Story
Stunts are nothing new in the world of fast food. Whether it's making taco shells out of chicken, sandwich bread out of chicken or stuffing hotdogs into pizza crust, outrageous limited time offerings are good marketing tools for fast food brands because they generate buzz and usually don't require any new ingredients.
Popup restaurants in the fine(er) dining world serve a similar purpose. They allow chefs to try new things and show off their skills, all without the reputational and financial risks of establishing a bonafide restaurant should the idea fail or prove too out there — and just like with fast food stunts, their limited existence generates a lot of talk in foodie circles.
So what do you get when you combine the popup concept with the stunt ingredients normally reserved for fast food? You get The Spotted Cheetah, a New York popup opening August 12 that only serves food with Cheetos in it. Really. They even managed to rope in celebrity chef Anne Burrell, who seems really excited about it:
As all of you (hopefully) know, I have a passion for cheesy, crunchy and downright delicious food. After years of cooking up dishes infused with my cheesy snacks, I was over the moon to discover that Cheetos connoisseurs had started sharing and liking their own. All of the Cheetos sushi rolls, Cheetos bagels and cheesy Cheetos pizzas gave me a brilliant idea: recruit the most dangerously cheesy celebrity chef, Anne Burrell, to help elevate my almost-purrfect Cheetos recipes for the very first Cheetos restaurant, The Spotted Cheetah.
I wanted to be mad about this, but I can't. Putting Cheetos in food isn't much dumber than putting, well, anything else into a recipe, really. The menu isn't really all that inspiring — the Cheetos appear as either a breading alternative (fine), or a garnish (also fine). I don't know if chicken tacos are made better with Flamin' Hot Limón Cheetos, but they probably aren't worse. And for what it's worth, fried pickles dredged in cheetos instead of flour or cornmeal sounds worth a try.
The question mark, obviously, is how and why they got a recognizable name like Anne Burrell to sign onto this. The answers are "money" and "cachet," respectively, but I can't imagine that a restaurant shoving Cheetos into macaroni and cheese or using them as nachos would have a hard time generating publicity. It's located on prime real estate in lower Manhattan, for chrissakes.
The Spotted Cheetah is only open from August 12-17, and of course reservations are required. If nothing else, the Yelp reviews should be entertaining as hell.
Own The Conversation
Ask The Big Question
How much is Anne Burrell getting paid to make drunk people food?
Drop This Fact
The success of Cheetos was what prompted creator Charles Elmer Doolin and partner Herman W. Lay to combine their two companies to form Frito-Lay in 1961.
So the burning question among parents shouldn't be, “When do we have the talk about safe sex?” but “When and how do we teach our kids about preventing sexual harassment?”
News reports of sexual harassment have become a category of its own. As victims begin to come forth you can't help but wonder just how deep it runs throughout our culture. We tend to categorize sexual harassment as occurring mainly in the “workplace,” no matter the industry. However, we do know it can happen during an interview, in a store, waiting at a red light, restaurant, airport, hence any public place and at work. The disclosures of sexually related crimes on college campuses have lead to an overhaul of the “No Means No” policing and policy-making.
So the obvious question becomes – how badly has sexual harassment impacted our younger students? If it has taken so many of these adult victims so long to come forth, we must ensure that our students know exactly where they stand and what they need to do if they are ever in these situations.
Students of all ages must be empowered with information so there is no misunderstanding of actions which may preclude them from coming forth and reporting an incident.
Despite headlines that label all harassment in schools as bullying, there is a difference between sexual harassment and bullying. And it's an important one. When schools, the media and the public mislabel sexual harassment as bullying, they negate the role that sex and gender play in the abusive behavior.
Bullying is not based on a student's sex; sexual harassment is. There are many pathetic “reasons” why students are bullied. However, their victimization is not based on their sex (or other protected classes such as race, religion or disability). Most significantly, bullying is not a violation of federal and state civil rights laws–but sexual harassment is.
Using the term “bullying” when a student is sexually harassed decreases safety for girls (in particular) and LGBT students, de-genders the misconduct and diminishes the likelihood that students' civil rights will be protected. As a result, school officials fail in their responsibility to create a safe and equitable school environment based on Title IX requirements.
Sexual harassment is a form of sex discrimination that violates Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964. “Unwelcome sexual advances, requests for sexual favors, and other verbal or physical conduct of a sexual nature constitutes sexual harassment when submission to or rejection of this conduct explicitly or implicitly affects an individual's employment, unreasonably interferes with an individual's work performance or creates an intimidating, hostile or offensive work environment.”
It's imperative that our kids understand sexual harassment and that it can occur in a variety of circumstances, including but not limited to the following:
● Verbal harassment, including comments, rumors, catcalls or jokes.
● Cyber harassment – posts on social media, text messaging and email.
● Physical harassment, such as unwanted touching or kissing.
● Nonverbal harassment, including gestures, writing sexually explicit things about someone.
● Unwanted behavior, such as repeatedly asking someone on a date when they've said no, following or stalking.
● The victim as well as the harasser may be female or male. The victim does not have to be of the opposite sex.
● The harasser can be the victim's supervisor, an agent of the employer, a supervisor in another area, a co-worker, or a non-employee.
● The victim does not have to be the person harassed but could be anyone affected by the offensive conduct.
● Unlawful sexual harassment may occur without economic injury to or discharge of the victim.
● The harasser's conduct must be unwelcome.
Sadly enough, sexual harassment is part of life in middle and high schools. Verbal harassment (unwelcome sexual comments, jokes, or gestures) made up the bulk of the incidents, but physical harassment is far too common. Sexual harassment by text, e-mail, and social media platforms is the fastest means of contact. Interestingly, many of the students who were sexually harassed through cyberspace were also sexually harassed in person.
One thing kids need to learn early on as well is to speak up when they see sexual harassment occur. Just because it isn't happening to them doesn't mean it isn't happening. This is yet another opportunity for kids to look out for one another and get help for each other. This way, they continue to learn to lead with integrity and stand up to negative behaviors.
This column is by Ritchie Lucas, Founder of The Student Success Project and Think Factory Marketing. They can be reached at 305-788-4105 or via email at ritchie@thinkfactory.com and on Facebook and YouTube as The Student Success Project.
Article courtesy of Dannielle Konz of Creative Writing Club
“P-please come in,” stuttered Bob, knowing exactly why the police wanted to talk to him. “I didn't kill that man, I promise.”
“We know you didn't,” reassured Junior Detective Fendson, in a tone that was not all reassuring.
“We just have some questions for you. Can you tell us about what happened?” Detective Fredrickson asked, shooting Detective Fendson a look that told them to change theirs tone.
Bob nodded, slowly sinking into a chair in the living room. The detectives followed suit on an ugly pastel couch across from him. Bob took a deep breath, glancing up at the ceiling as though it would tell them just where to start.
“I was driving down the street, making my usual rounds, when my brakes stopped working,” they began slowly, “I admit, I often drive a little faster than the recommended speed limit…okay, sometimes a lot faster. But it's only old people who live in this neighborhood, so I usually try to get through it quickly to get over to the streets with kids where I know I can get business. Old people don't tend to buy ice cream from me, you know. I mean, there's this one lady who sometimes does when it's hot out, but she's a cranky old woman so I try not to—”
“You said your brakes gave out?” Detective Fredrickson interrupted, trying to bring the boy back to the discussion at hand.
“Oh yeah, sorry. They stopped working, so when I was coming around the corner, I was going too fast. I reached down because I thought there might be something jammed beneath the pedal and I looked up just in time to see that guy. I didn't have time to swerve away and they didn't even seem to notice me. There actually was something under the brake pedal. An old soda can, I think. But when I finally got the brakes working again, the guy was still there, on the front of my truck.”
“Why didn't you file a report about the incident?” Fendson asked accusingly.
“The guy was fine,” Bob claimed incredulously, “I got out of the car and apologized to them over and over but they just waved me off. They were bleeding a little bit on one of their arms and I offered to take them to the hospital or their house or something, but they said they were fine. They just walked away. There was something really weird about the guy, though.”
“Apart from the fact that they got hit straight on by a truck and walked away with only a few scratches?” said Detective Fendson, snorting out a laugh. They earned another sharp look from Detective Fredrickson.
“Yeah,” Bob answered, ignoring the laugh, “he was walking funny. Kinda like they were drunk or high or something. And they slurred their words when they talked. I don't know why they were acting that way, but the guy definitely wasn't right.”
“Probably rat poison. Poor guy,” sighed Fredrickson.
“Rat poison?” Bob asked, confused.
The detectives ignored the question. Instead, Fendson asked, “Do you know where Mr. Phell went after that?”
“Nope,” Bob shrugged. “He said they were fine and that they didn't need any help so they just kept walking. No idea where they were walking to, but I had business to get to so I went on my way and forgot all about them until you came knocking at my door just now asking about it.”
The detectives rose from the couch and went to leave.
“Thank you, Bob.” Said Detective Fredrickson. “You've been…well…thanks.”
The two men left, no closer to solving the mystery of Phillip Phell's death than they were when they entered the house.
“Well, at least we now know where their scratches came from,” Detective Fendson said, trying to remain positive in the face of frustration on their wild goose chase.
“I want to check in with Mr. Phell's roommates,” Detective Fredrickson suggested. “If they were around when their horrible day began, perhaps they can fill in some missing pieces for us.”
Sunil Chhetri becomes Indian league football's top goalscorer, breaks Bhaichung Bhutia's record
The Bengaluru FC striker overtook Bhutias record of 89 goals after they scored their clubs equaliser in the I-League against Aizawl FC.
@Th_King_slayer by Sankalp Srivastava Breaking 15 Feb 2017, 17:48 IST
Earlier, Chhetri surpassed Bhutia's record of most goals for India as well
What's the Story
Sunil Chhetri has overtaken Bhaichung Bhutia as the leading goalscorer in the history of Indian league football. The Bengaluru FC striker overtook Bhutia's record of 89 goals after they scored their club's equaliser in the I-League against Aizawl FC earlier today.
The tally of goals scored covers both the now defunct National Football League and the on-going I-League.
He's no stranger to records! The skipper is now the top-scoring Indian in the history of the League (NFL and I-League). #CaptainFantastic pic.twitter.com/fVyzqKIFzc — Bengaluru FC (@bengalurufc) February 15, 2017
In case you didn't know...
Bhaichung Bhutia started their senior career in Indian football with East Bengal in 1994, when they were still 16-year-old. They then went on to play for clubs like JCT Mills and Mohun Bagan in India, Bury in England and Perak and Selangor in Malaysia.
The Sikkimese footballer, during their playing career, reached milestones such as most goals for India, most caps for the national team and number of goals in NFL/I-League.
Surprisingly, all these records were bettered by Chhetri in the future. The former Mohun Bagan striker took their club BFC to the finals of AFC Cup last year and also helped the club to the I-League title.
Heart of the matter
Bhaichung Bhutia, in their 20-years long career in Indian league football (which was disrupted by their spells in England Malaysia), scored 89 goals. Chhetri, who has played for both East Bengal and Mohun Bagan as well, equalled the tally in Bengaluru's last outing, against Minerva Punjab FC at the Kanteerava.
Then against Aizawl earlier today the 32-year-old surpassed the record after they scored their fourth goal of the season in Mizoram. The home side were leading the match after a Brandon Vanlalremdika strike in the 40th minute and BFC's captain's 45th-minute thunderbolt ensured the visitors carried home a point from the match.
70 minutes played here in Aizawl where it's still 1-1 after a strike from the skipper canceled out Vanlalremdika's opener. #AFCvBFC pic.twitter.com/UiOWHG9n2U — Bengaluru FC (@bengalurufc) February 15, 2017
Following the two Indian football legends on the most goals scored chart are Abhishek Yadav and Ashim Biswas with 40 goals, and RC Prakash and Jeje Lalpheklua with 38 goals apiece.
What's Next
The defending champions, Bengaluru FC, are currently languishing at the fifth position in the I-League, with 12 points in eight matches. With Chhetri returning to form with now their fifth goal in as many matches, will want to pull their side further up the table and ensure they defend their title successfully.
Also Read: I-League 2017: Why Bengaluru FC are struggling for results this season
Sportskeeda's take
Having takenover Bhutia as the highest goal-scorer for the national side and also the most capped player, surpassing the top NFL/I-League goalscorer record is another feather in the cap of the great striker. With a few of years of top level football still left in him, Chhetri will, in all probability, set the standards fairly high for anyone to reach easily.
I've been taking an unofficial survey over the last few years and I've come to the conclusion that dads are notoriously difficult to buy gifts for. (Sorry, dads, but it's true.) Every year, as Father's Day and their dads' birthdays roll around, I listen as my friends lament the gift-buying process. Their fathers insist that they don't want anything, or else it seems like they already have everything they need. If I had a nickel for every one of my friends who defaulted to a new tie for Dad, my own father would have a boat of their own by now. In the interest of public service, I've compiled a list of cheap Father's Day 2018 gifts you can get for under $30.
Chances are that your dad will be perfectly thrilled no matter what you pick up for them this June 17, but hopefully these ideas will help you diversify your typical Dad-focused purchases. Regardless of what you buy, though, consider the value of quality time as well. It's free — unless you're treating lunch, which you really should — and is probably a much hotter commodity to any father figure that anything they can unwrap on the big day.
Wireless Phone Charger
Amazon Belkin Boost Up Qi Wireless Charger $29.99 Amazon Dad will never be left charge-less again thanks to this wireless charger, which is compatible with several models of Apple and Samsung phones. All they have to do is set their phone on the non-slip surface and watch their battery refill... and he'll be all set to call their favorite child: you. BUY NOW
Promise Me, Dad
Amazon "Promise Me, Dad" $15.99 Amazon The title of this book is obviously fitting for the occasion, and regardless of your dad's political opinions, I think he'll find something to enjoy in this bestseller from Vice President Joe Biden. Perfect for the father with summer travel on the schedule! Who doesn't need a book to add to their suitcase? BUY NOW
Personalized Canvas Toiletry Bag
Amazon Personalized Clever Canvas Men's Travel Toiletry Bag $29.99 Amazon A toiletry bag is a a practical gift that Dad will be able to use for years, and this personalized (for free!) version still falls below the $30 threshold. Show off your pride in the family name by having it embroidered on the canvas case, or keep it simple with your dad's initials. BUY NOW
Anything Finder
Amazon Tile Mate Anything Finder $19.99 Amazon Is your dad a tad forgetful? This Tile Mate Bluetooth tracker is now 25 percent smaller than it used to be, so it can be carried quietly on a keychain or tucked into a wallet so as not to draw additional attention. Dad can pair it with their phone so that it starts ringing whenever it's close by, savings tons of time that would normally be spent searching for lost things. BUY NOW
Portable Table Tennis Set
Amazon Umbra Pongo Portable Table Tennis Set $29.99 Amazon How fun is this totally portable table tennis set? It includes an adjustable net, weighted posts, two paddles, and two balls, all of which can fit neatly into a drawstring bag. Sounds like literal hours of family fun to me. BUY NOW
Slides
Amazon Nautica Men's Stono 4 Sandal $30.00 Amazon Slides seem to be the go-to footwear style of the moment, and there's no reason Dad should be left out of the trend. These simple sandals are comfortable and neutral to match all of their casual summer outfits. BUY NOW
Body Bar
Amazon Turbo Body Bar Scrubbing Soap $15.00 Amazon Help Dad have a spa-like experience in the shower every day with this scrubbing bar, made with moisturizing murumuru, shea butters, lava rock, blue lotus, and ginkgo biloba. All those natural ingredients will exfoliate dead skin cells and help combat fatigue. BUY NOW
Mini Quad With Camera
Custom Golf Ball
Personalized Candle
Amazon Happy Camper Personalized Scented Soy Candle $16.00 Amazon Rustic Creek Sugar Co. offers 66 unique scents for their soy candles. My personal favorites for Father's Day? Fall Leaves, Fresh Cut Grass, and Mulled Cider. Dad will wonder what they ever did without a candle in their office or den! BUY NOW
Face Moisturizer
Amazon Lather & Wood's Luxurious Sophisticated Men's Moisturizer $19.97 Amazon If your dad has come to this point in their life without being big on skin care, this straight-to-the-point facial moisturizer could be just the thing to introduce them to the wonders of a little pampering. The product is fragrance-free and all-natural, and will generally make Pops feel like a star. BUY NOW
Engraved Ten-In-One Game Set
Amazon WE Game Custom Engraved Monogram 10-in-1 Combination Game Set $29.99 Amazon Old school gamers — the kind that prefer playing cards to video game controllers — will love this set, which includes everything you need to mix and match to play ten different games. If your dad takes their dominoes and cribbage especially seriously, you can have the lid of the wooden box monogrammed with their initials. BUY NOW
Fishing Rod
Amazon Shimano Sojourn Casting Medium Power Rod $29.99 Amazon I don't know much about the ins and outs of fishing rods, but I do know that this one has a lovely price point... and that there are few things more stereotypically fatherly than a fishing trip. Help facilitate such a nostalgic experience by picking up this gift. BUY NOW
Personalized Duffel Bag
Amazon Personalized Sports Duffel Bag $25.99 Amazon Keep the personalized swag coming with this customizable duffel bag for the sporty or on-the-go father figures in your life. Embroidery is free, but it's a nice — and affordable — bag if you decide to keep it simple instead. BUY NOW
Swiss Army Knife
Grillmaster Apron
Long-Sleeved Half-Zip
Flask Gift Set
Jambon, Prime Minister Charles Michel and King Philippe visited the woman in hospital, where they were being treated for shock.
"She was very courageous and perhaps, but this we will have to verify, they helped avoid more victims in the school," Jambon said.
The cleaning woman, identified only by their first name Darifa, told state broadcaster RTBF that Herman said they just wanted to "stir up" the police. They asked them if they were a Muslim and if they were observing the holy fasting month of Ramadan.
"He told me don't worry, I won't do anything at all. Listen, you do what I say, but don't worry. I won't do anything to you," the woman said.
They said they threw their ID card on the ground before running out to confront the police.
"I think they knew that it was all over for him. And they went out," they said.
Jambon said an investigation has been launched into the incident, including the circumstances surrounding Herman's release from prison.
"It's really an isolated case. They aren't part of a network, they didn't receive instructions from anyone else, so there is no need to raise the terror threat alert level," Jambon said, adding that investigators have no precise information that any other attacks might be likely.
Amid questions about how two officers could have been disarmed, Jambon praised the work of all involved, saying "the police did an extraordinary job."
"They reacted well. All the systems, all the procedures worked. But if you are attacked from behind, as was the case with the two officers, you can't do anything," they said.
The police officers have been identified as Soraya Belkacemi, 44, and Lucile Garcia, 54. The passenger in the car was named as Cyril Vangriecken, 22, who was preparing to become a primary school teacher.
Belgian media reports named the man killed before Tuesday's rampage as Michael Wilmet.
In Liege, the mother of Soraya Belkacemi, Bernadette Hennart, kissed a necklace and laid it over flowers at the scene, saying it was important for them and the victim's brother to visit the place where their daughter spent their last moments alive.
Hennart said that they had come "to piece things together. No one has told me very much. Only through the media, and it's not nice. I can't stand watching it. I can't say goodbye to her."
Flags were flying at half-staff on public buildings around the city and people gathered to sign a book of condolences and lay flowers in memory of the victims. The prime minister joined others at the scene in a minute's silence. Police and security officials also assembled in Brussels and Antwerp to mourn the loss of their two colleagues.
"Every morning I am scared that something like this will happen, and every day it happens closer to home," Melissa Lamny told The Associated Press after wrapping flowers around a lamppost at the scene of the killings.
Uh-Oh!
It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information.
If you used an Optimum login, click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account.
If you used a Newsday login, it looks like it's not connected to an active subscriber account. To verify your subscription information, click the Connect Account button.
Otherwise, click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account.
H-E-B's Help End Hunger campaign raised more than $734,000 for food banks across Texas, which will help provide more than 3.3 million meals to people in need. The money collected in H-E-B stores will be awarded to more than 20 food banks throughout the state.
On Oct. 2 at the San Antonio Food Bank, H-E-B presented the donation check to Feeding Texas, a hunger relief organization that works with food banks statewide. Representatives from the various food banks also were on hand to accept the donation.
During the campaign, customers were encouraged to donate $1, $3 or $5 at the checkout, adding the amount to their final grocery bill. The 35th annual drive, which ran in all H-E-B stores across Texas, raised awareness about hunger issues as well as senior and family nutrition.
Help End Hunger is part of the H-E-B Food Bank Assistance Program, which works year-round to raise awareness and battle hunger, providing food and financial donations to food banks in Texas and Mexico. Last year, H-E-B donated more than 31.1 million pounds of food, or about 24 million meals. Since 1982, the year the program was founded, it has contributed more than 980 million pounds of food to more than 5,500 nonprofit organizations.
In 2015, nearly 16 million U.S. households were faced with the threat of hunger, according to figures from the USDA. In Texas, 1.5 million (one in six) households faced the threat of hunger, which is second-most behind California. That number dropped from 1.7 million the previous year.
The following food bank locations will receive a portion of the monetary donation, which food banks will use to provide meals to their local communities:
San Antonio
San Antonio Food Bank (San Antonio) $105,000 / 735,000 meals
South Texas
South Texas Food Bank (Laredo) $11,000 / 110,000 meals
Food Bank of the Rio Grande Valley (Pharr) $27,000 / 135,000 meals
Gulf Coast
Food Bank of the Golden Crescent (Victoria) $11,500 / 92,000 meals
Coastal Bend Food Bank (Corpus Christi) $31,000 / 217,000 meals
Central Texas
Central Texas Food Bank (Austin) $200,000 / 800,000 meals
Brazos Valley Food Bank (Bryan/College Station) $15,000 / 75,000 meals
Caritas of Waco (Waco) $12,000 / 36,000 meals
Hays County Food Bank (San Marcos) $10,300 / 51,500 meals
Food Care Center (Killeen) $21,100 / 126,000 meals
West Texas
West Texas Food Bank (Odessa) $11,000 / 44,000 meals
Concho Valley Food Bank (San Angelo) $2,000 / 16,000 meals
Food Bank of West Central Texas (Abilene) $2,500 / 12,500 meals
Dallas/Fort Worth
North Texas Food Bank (Dallas) $33,000 / 99,000 meals
Tarrant Area Food Bank (Fort Worth) $33,000 / 165,000 meals
Houston
Houston Food Bank (Houston) $161,600 / 484,800 meals
Southeast Texas Food Bank (Beaumont) $12,000 / 36,000 meals
Montgomery County Food Bank (Conroe) $20,000 / 70,000 meals
Galveston County Food Bank (Texas City) $13,000 / 39,000 meals
East Texas
East Texas Food Bank (Tyler) $2,000 / 16,000 meals
More H-E-B news:
H-E-B Continues To Reopen Stores After Harvey
H-E-B Awards ‘Quest For Texas Best' Winners
NAD Sides With H-E-B Against Aldi's Advertising Claims
Emma Roberts is something of a hair chameleon in Hollywood, where they change up their style faster than the most of us change socks. But their love of experimenting is what makes them such an inspiration — they definitely make people want to pick up the scissors and try something new. Which is where Emma Roberts' new bob comes in: They just went super short, and you're going to want to follow them right into the hairdresser's chair.
Previously, Roberts was sporting a wavy blonde lob, where the ends just hovered over their shoulders and bent to create a subtle wave. At one point they had the beauty world buzzing when they debuted sci-fi inspired baby bangs at the Critics' Choice Awards in January, following in the footsteps of Ariana Grande and Emma Watson when it came to micro fringe. Knowing how open Roberts is to new looks, people wouldn't put it past them if they were real, but later on their stylist confirmed that it was just a wig.
Them the newest chop, though, definitely isn't a wig. Shared on hairstylist's Chris McMillan's Instagram, we see that the actor now has a sleek, above-the-chin blond bob. Parted on the side and having a slight flip to the ends, McMillan shared that they achieved this no-fuss look by running Sebastian mousse through their short tresses and then popped them underneath a hood dryer for 15 minutes. After they just tousled their hair with their fingers, and that was it. The perfect minimalist look.
Roberts hasn't shared their new look on Instagram yet, but to show you how much of a difference this new cut is, check out their lob look from just a few weeks ago. It's only a few inches, but the new style really packs a punch.
Having their hair cut by McMillan is quite the treat-yourself appointment, too, seeing how he's something of a legend in the hair world. Having been cutting hair for over three decades, he's the man behind famous cuts like "the Rachel," which defined the '90s and had women everywhere scrambling to get the flipped layers of the Friends star; and Miley Cyrus' iconic pixie cut that helped their transition from Hannah Montana to Wrecking Ball. They were also the trusted stylist requested for Kim Kardashian's Florence wedding.
So suffice it to say, Roberts was in excellent hands.
The comments underneath the photos are all positive, where everyone loved the blunt new bob. "Youthful and edgy!! Love!!" one follower wrote. "Makes me want to chop mine again!" posted another.
Roberts isn't the only celeb playing with the big short right now, either. It seems like the ear-grazing bob is the way to go this season, as more and more stars sheer down their length.
Jenna Dewan revealed a sleek bob at the 2018 Billboard Music Awards red carpet, rocking a shiny, perfectly rounded hairstyle.
Frazer Harrison/Getty Images Entertainment/Getty Images
Emilia Clarke also made their lob shorter, where they felt like they had to take off some length in order to snip off the fried ends of their bleach blonde hair. They revealed the new look on Instagram, captioning, "In other news this FABULOUS new bob is the chicest way to style out some burnt-out mother of dragons split ends." They followed it with a hashtag that all Game of Thrones fans and bleached blondes understood on a spiritual level, writing, "#whenyoulooklikeawildlingitstimetochop."
Kate Hudson has also been seen rocking a short bob recently, where they were spotted with an asymmetrical chin-grazing cut while out shopping in Los Angeles with their mom, Goldie Hawn. Them look turned out to be a wig, where the actor wanted a longer 'do for an afternoon while patiently growing out their pixie cut.
Broadimage/REX/Shutterstock
From Roberts to Dewan to Clarke, everyone is taking the short hairstyle plunge. If you're in the mood to try something drastic and new yourself, use their boldness as inspiration!
A s the song goes, “It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas….” (well it has for weeks now, I know), but suddenly it sounds like it too, with Christmas music playing almost everywhere you go.
It was the first tune I heard as I headed into the supermarket on December 1 - and came out clutching a box of mince pies - the message clearly received! Music of all styles and tastes will provide the soundtrack to many of our festive celebrations and activities over the coming weeks and there's some wonderful live music to enjoy this month in and around the city.
St. John's Church in Cathedral Square is hosting a carol service for volunteers and supporters of EACH (East Anglia's Children's Hospices) at 7pm on December 14. Then at 7.30pm on December 22 , St. John's presents Christmas Treasures, featuring operatic soprano Gabriella Pineda- Rodrigues singing much loved music associated with Christmas.
Over in Peterborough Cathedral this Saturday the famous Military Wives choir bring their Christmas concert to Peterborough in a heart warming seasonal performance. On December 15, starting at 7.30pm, the cathedral also hosts Peterborough Cathedral Choir, Youth Choir and Festival Chorus performing a programme of traditional music for choir and organ including Vaughan Williams Fantasia on Christmas Carols.
Meanwhile at the Broadway Theatre, Peterborough Male Voice Choir, Peterborough Voices And Peterborough Youth Choir – with special guests Peterborough Festival Orchestra – return with Christmas Magic, their ever-popular festive extravaganza, on Sunday, December 17, at 7.30pm.
I can also thoroughly recommend Lamphouse Theatre's superb version of Peter Pan (suitable for 6+), playing in The Undercoft at Serpentine Green Shopping Centre (December 20-24), with shows daily at 4pm and 7pm and just one on Christmas Eve at 2pm. Tom Fox's production is a masterclass in creativity and the multi-talented cast of three play all the parts and most of the music.
Indeed, music plays a vital part of the show's success with original songs, featuring catchy tunes and clever lyrics.
Finally, if you're still scratching your head over presents for this year - put something musical on the list - a quick internet search will provide a number of excellent local music shops . Alternatively, with seasonal charitable-giving growing in popularity, lots of local music groups and charities would be grateful for your support. The Peterborough Centre for Young Musicians, Peterborough Youth Orchestra, Peterborough Sings!, Peterborough Music Festival and others would all benefit from donations, supporting their work for young people over the coming year.
Have a happy, peaceful, musical Christmas, sing with gusto to bring in the New Year and keep supporting live music in 2018.
Bose Sound True around-ear headphones II were engineered with advanced Bose technologies. They feature exclusive TriPort technology so your music sounds deep, clear and full of life. They don't just look good, they feel good, too. The headphones feature a softly padded headband that distributes weight evenly across your head, and memory foam creates a gentle cushion around your ears. So they stay light and comfortable--no matter how long your playlist is. The fold-flat ear cups and matching carrying case make them easy to put away anytime and take with you anywhere. The inline microphone and remote let you switch easily to calls on your iPhone, and provide control for select iPod, iPhone and iPad models. Included: Sound True around-ear headphones; inline remote and microphone cable (66"); carrying case. The Bose SoundTrue headphones receive 4 out of 5 stars from over 700 customers (read reviews). Right now its list price has been reduced by 50% to just $90. See it now on Amazon.
This story, "50% off Bose SoundTrue around-ear headphones II - Deal Alert" was originally published by TechConnect.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Matt Dawson has paid tribute to the two England scrum-halves set to remove their name from the Red Rose record book.
Ben Youngs starts their 56th Test against Italy tomorrow, overtaking the World Cup winner's record of most starts for an England halfback.
Danny Care will then equal Dawson's mark for most caps as England scrum-half when they come off the bench to win their 77th cap.
“I couldn't think of two more deserving players to be England most-capped and most starting scrum halves,” said the Mirror columnist.
(Image: Getty)
“Primarily I'm proud to call them both my friends and I've thoroughly enjoyed watching them help drive England's current success.
“In such a contact-driven sport their guile and mind for the game at the highest level is world class and I've the upmost confidence the pair of them will taste even more success in the next year or so.
“It's a record I'm sure they would have been quietly targeting as I know how immensely proud I was to hold it.
“Their dedication to the game is incredible but the journey is not yet over. They are desperate for the main goal of World Cup glory and I back them the whole way.”
PARIS: Microsoft says the recent dump of purported National Security Agency spying tools doesn't affect up-to-date users of Windows, puncturing claims that the digital arsenal was poised to create chaos across the internet.
In a blog post , Microsoft security manager Phillip Misner said that the software giant had already built defenses against nine of the 12 tools disclosed by TheShadowBrokers, a mysterious group that has repeatedly published NSA code. The three others affected old, unsupported products.
Researchers who spent yesterday sifting through TheShadowBrokers' code previously said that the tools exploited undisclosed vulnerabilities, a potentially serious development that worried the security community.
But that wasn't the case, and Misner said today that "most of the exploits are already patched.
Read Also:
e-rickshaw Routes In Delhi To Be Regularised
New 3D-Printed Digital Patch May Heal Damaged Heart Tissue
Source: PTI
Aston Villa head to Cardiff City to round off their festive fixtures with Steve Bruce aiming to start 2017 in style.
Villa drew 1-1 by Leeds United last time out thanks to Jonathan Kodjia's late penalty which left Bruce's side in 10th place at the turn of the year.
Follow our friends at the Birmingham Mail for all the latest, right here
SPRINGFIELD -- A Boston company has offered to pay the city $300,000 for seven tax-title downtown lots on Worthington and Winter streets as part of a $13.8 million project for market rate apartments and retail space at the adjacent Willys-Overland building.
The offer made by Davenport Advisors LLC, of Boston, was the sole bid submitted for the city lots by Monday's deadline. The bid has been referred to a city review committee that will submit its recommendation to Mayor Domenic J. Sarno to accept or reject the offer, officials said.
Davenport Companies purchased the Overland building in December of 2017, announcing plans to convert the site to 60 loft apartments and some retail.
The building was badly damaged by the 2012 natural gas explosion.
Construction is planned this year, and will feature historic renovation of the Willys-Overland building, Davenport said.
Davenport Advisors, through the affiliated Davenport Companies, is proposing to convert the tax-title lots into the parking lot for future tenants, according to the submitted proposal. The conceptual development plan shows 69 parking spaces.
The proposal says Davenport Advisors is the development entity for the Overland building property and also for the Springfield Plaza property on Liberty Street among other sites. Davenport Companies and Albany Road Real Estate, of Boston, bought the Springfield Plaza in 2014 for $35 million, and invested in renovations and new signs.
The company and its affiliates own or manage more than 40 properties in the Northeast, the company said.
The vacant Willys-Overland building was built in 1916, and is the former Willys-Overland Motor Co., considered a significant part of the city's early automotive history. It is on the National Register of Historic Places.
The apartment project at the Overland site is a mirror of the rehabilitation completed at its twin Willys-Overland building in Detroit, officials said.
Davenport used the name Chestnut Acquisitions LLC. to buy the Overland building at 151 Chestnut St., for $450,000 from Ciocca Construction Corp. of Wilbraham, according to documents. It was built in 1916 as a sales floor and regional office for its cars.
The sale of the abutting lots on Worthington and Winter streets will need approval from Sarno and the City Council.
The lots total 36,922 square feet and are located between Worthington and Winter streets, just north of Chestnut Street and the downtown dining district.
In advertising for proposals for the lots, the city said it was looking for a reuse of the property that is "beneficial too the concept of a Downtown Dining District, and the overall goals of the Transformative Development Initiative (TDI) district."
The TDI district "is focused on innovation -- whether it is the technology, food, retail, or housing fields," the city said in the advertisement for proposals.
Davenport, in its proposal for the lots, said it believes that "the successful absorption of maret rate apartments in Overland will translate to further investment in the Innovation District. The propety would be acquired as part of that vision."
New Delhi: A massive fire broke out on the sets of Akshay Kumar's film 'Kesari' at a village in Maharashtra's Satara district on Tuesday.
The fire was brought under control, a Satara Police control room official told PTI. Nobody was hurt, they added.
The shooting for the film is taking place at Pimpode Budruk village in Wai tehsil, around 30 km from Satara, they said.
In the film, Akshay will essay the character of Havaldar Ishar Singh, the military commander of 21 Sikh regiment, who on September 12, 1897, fought bravely against Afghani invaders in the war which eventually came to be known as the battle of Saragarhi.
Actress Parineeti Chopra, who has also been roped in for the film, will be seen in the role of Eesha, daughter of Ishar Singh while television renowned actor Mohit Raina will be seen playing their fiancé. Directed by Anurag Singh, 'Kesari' is slated to hit screens in March next year.
For the unversed, Salman Khan was initially a part of the film as a co-producer. But on realising that Ajay Devgn had announced a film on the same subject much earlier, the Dabangg Khan decided to walk out of the project, which would have been their first joint production with Johar, reports suggest.
Interestingly, Rajkumar Santoshi is also making a film on a similar subject with actor Randeep Hooda in the lead.
(With inputs from PTI)
© Alexander Demianchuk / Reuters
"#ВЦИОМ in March the improvement of Russian-American relations through 2-3 year expected 58% of Russians, in April-34%"
Thirty percent of Russians think that war between Russia and the US is possible, according to a recent survey. Russians have also changed their attitude to Donald Trump following the US strike on Syria.The survey, conducted by state-run public opinion research center VTSIOM on April 11-12, reveals that, among those who answered 'yes' to the question about the possibility of war, 16 percent consider war between the two world powers to be "highly possible," while another 14 percent believe that a war is already underway.More than half of the 1,200 participants, however, say that it is absolutely impossible or unlikely to happen, 16 and 47 percent respectively.The number of people who disapprove of Trump rose to 39 percent, compared to seven percent back in March. Another 38 percent said they do not care, while positive opinions on Trump plummeted from 38 to 13 percent.More than half (55 percent) said they do not see any change in US-Russian relations since Trump has come to office. Only a fifth think that the situation has improved, while 17 percent say that relations have soured.Although just one month ago, most Russians expressed hope for improved relations between Moscow and Washington in the next 2-3 years, the number of optimistic responses dropped from 58 to 34 percent. Another 15 percent are pessimistic and 38 percent believe that nothing will change."The US missile strike on Syria became a 'cold shower' for a significant part of Russians," said VTSIOM director, Valery Fedorov.he said, adding that "despite the fact that hopes for a new 'thaw' in bilateral relations have not disappeared completely, our fellow citizens have less optimistic expectations about Trump."
“We have lots of resources and giveaways, whether it's for camping or for coastal safety.”
AdventureSmart outdoor educators, Emma Courtney and PJ Richards, encourage locals and visitors to the Pacific Rim to follow the three Ts: Trip plan, Train, and Take Essentials. (Nora O'Malley / Westerly News)
Planning on taking any family camping trips this summer? Or what about getting out on the water?
This Saturday, June 2, AdventureSmart outreach educators, Emma Courtney and PJ Richards, will have a booth set-up at the Tofino Public Market to provide locals and visitors with valuable information about outdoor safety and search and rescue prevention.
“It's a conversation we're excited to have with the community,” said Courtney. “The messaging is beneficial for both locals and visitors. It's for anyone who plays outside basically.”
The AdventureSmart booth is family-friendly, notes Richards.
“We have little games for kids when they come by so people are encouraged to bring their kids to come play one of those fortune-teller games that has quizzes. They can win a little prize. We're also going to be handing out emergency whistles and blankets.”
AdventureSmart's primary goal is to encourage outdoor adventure seekers to follow the three T's: Trip Plan, Train, and Take Essentials.
For young children, trained AdventureSmart presenters teach the Hug-a-Tree and Survive program. If a child should become lost in the woods, hugging a tree can help them stay safe, and be found. Staying near a tree offers some protection from the elements, and keeps lost children in the same place, which makes it easier for searchers to find them, describes the Hug-a-Tree and Survive program guide. Courtney and Richards have scheduled a visit with Wickaninnish Community School students to teach them about the Hug-a-Tree program.
CoastSmart, a new coastal safety initiative on the Pacific Rim, is one of AdventureSmart's key education partners.
“It was created in collaboration with AdventureSmart. A lot of the messaging was pulled from other AdventureSmart programming,” said Richards.
CoastSmart messaging includes comprehensive information on rip currents and how to avoid rip currents as well as expert surf advice from Tofino locals like Surf Sister Surf School founder Krissy Montgomery.
Anyone interested in gathering resources about outdoor/ocean safety is welcome to stop by the AdventureSmart booth at the Tofino Public Market in the Tofino Village Green from 10 a.m to 2 p.m. this Saturday.
AdventureSmart is a close working partner with Parks Canada and the Search and Rescue Volunteer Association of Canada. Contact bccoordinator@adventuresmart.ca for volunteer opportunities or general training queries.
Citing Trump's Privacy, Jeff Sessions Fails To Answer Many Questions
Rachel Martin talks to Democratic Sen. Ron Wyden of Oregon about Attorney General Sessions testimony before the Senate Intelligence Committee. Wyden, who's on the panel, had questions for Sessions.
RACHEL MARTIN, HOST:
Attorney General Jeff Sessions was supposed to answer questions on Capitol Hill yesterday, but they ended up raising even more of them. Sessions had asked to make their testimony to the Senate Intelligence Committee public so their remarks would be out in the open. But time and again, they refused to answer questions from the Senate committee saying it would violate the president's right to confidentiality. There was one topic they were very clear on though.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
JEFF SESSIONS: The suggestion that I participated in any collusion, that I was aware of any collusion with the Russian government to hurt this country - which I have served with honor for 35 years - or to undermine the integrity of our democratic process is an appalling and detestable lie.
MARTIN: Sessions was called to testify after former FBI director James Comey raised questions about the real reasons that Sessions had to recuse themselves from the Russia investigation. Senator Ron Wyden, a Democrat from Oregon, was one of the committee members who questioned the attorney general yesterday and they return to our program. Senator thanks for being here.
RON WYDEN: Thanks for having me again.
MARTIN: What did you learn from the attorney general yesterday?
WYDEN: Not a whole lot. The attorney general refused to answer even the most basic questions. I think the president wants to have it both ways. They won't assert executive privilege because they know he's going to take a lot of heat for it, but their officials won't answer questions either.
It seems to me they're making a mockery out of the idea of independent oversight. We're the committee with a legal obligation to do vigorous oversight. And I think these officials are just stonewalling and the American people aren't going to accept public officials saying they don't feel like answering that question.
MARTIN: That word stonewalling was thrown out in the hearing yesterday and Jeff Sessions said that they aren't doing that at all. You asked the attorney general about their recusal and - from the Russian investigation - and this vague suggestion that Comey had made that Sessions may have done something wrong that forced them to step down. Let's listen to some of that exchange.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
WYDEN: Mr. Comey said that there were matters with respect to the recusal that were problematic and they couldn't talk about them. What are they?
SESSIONS: That - why don't you tell me? They are none, Senator Wyden. There are none. I can tell you that for absolute certainty.
WYDEN: We can...
SESSIONS: You tell - this is a secret innuendo being leaked out there about me and I don't appreciate it.
MARTIN: So it seems to me in this exchange, they actually did answer the question. They just said that's Comey was wrong, that there are no other reasons.
WYDEN: Yeah. They basically said that the former FBI director was engaging in innuendo. But let me unpack it for you more carefully. James Comey said that FBI officials thought that Jeff Sessions should recuse himself. But in the hearing yesterday, Jeff Sessions gave two different answers. One, they wouldn't say if they knew about the concerns.
Then they said they knew with absolute certainty that there were no concerns. They can't have it both ways. The attorney general obviously got very upset with me, but you'll notice that they never answered the question. So I'm going to keep digging.
MARTIN: They also said that they recused themselves because the FBI and the Department of Justice rules mandate that if you have a personal connection with someone who's being investigated - in this case members of the Trump campaign - you should step down. So he's saying that that was the reason that they left that investigation.
WYDEN: Let's make sure people understand that they recused themselves from the Russian investigation. Then they were hip-deep in firing the official in charge of that investigation. Now he's saying that firing James Comey doesn't violate their recusal. That does not pass the smell test. And my view is for the nation's top lawyer, they sure didn't seem to have much of a grasp of the law or what recusal actually means.
MARTIN: The hearing revealed that the attorney general has never been briefed on the Russian meddling into the US election which may be surprising to some. Let's listen to this exchange with your colleague Senator Angus King.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
ANGUS KING: You never asked for a briefing or attended a briefing or read the intelligence reports?
SESSIONS: You might have been very critical of me if I, as an active part of the campaign, was seeking intelligence relating to something that might be relevant to the campaign. I'm not sure that...
KING: I'm not talking about the campaign. I'm talking about what the Russians did. You received no briefing on the Russian active measures in connection with the 2016 election?
SESSIONS: No. I don't believe I ever did.
MARTIN: What did you make of that?
WYDEN: I thought it was awfully far-fetched. I mean, obviously they came in there with this sort of bizarre, baseless theory that Trump defenders somehow have attorney-client privilege with the president and the attorney general. And it shows basically that these folks think they're being paid to serve Donald Trump instead of the American people. It's a gross violation of their oaths of office.
MARTIN: Senators also grilled the attorney general on their own personal interactions with Russian officials. And Sessions said over and over that they did not recall any more meetings than the ones they have already reported. So can you close the book on that issue now?
WYDEN: Well, let's put it this way. That was the question that I was going at when I asked James Comey last week about these matters that were problematic relating to recusal. And they wouldn't answer yesterday and so the issue is still in question. And I'm going to keep digging.
MARTIN: Oregon Senator Democrat Ron Wyden from the Senate Intelligence Committee. Thanks so much for your time this morning.
WYDEN: Thank you.
MARTIN: And we should add that we reached out to Senate Republicans. None were available to talk with us on this issue this morning.
Copyright © 2017 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
For nearly 150 years, it's been men only: Winston Churchill, Nelson Mandela, Abraham Lincoln, Mahatma Gandhi and seven other statesmen. But on Tuesday, the statuary in London's Parliament Square got a new face: suffragist leader Millicent Fawcett.
British Prime Minister Theresa May spoke at the unveiling ceremony and hailed Fawcett as a pioneering feminist who was instrumental in gaining political agency and power for women throughout the country.
"I would not be standing here today as prime minister, no female MPs would have taken their seats in Parliament, none of us would have had the rights and protections we now enjoy, were it not for one truly great woman: Dame Millicent Garrett Fawcett," May said.
The bronze statue depicts Fawcett at age 50 as they were awarded a brooch from the National Union of Women's Suffrage Societies. In their hands is a placard that reads, "Courage Calls To Courage Everywhere," which was taken from a speech they gave after the death of fellow suffragist Emily Wilding Davison at the 1913 Epsom Derby.
Born in 1847, Fawcett dedicated much of their life to fighting for women's rights. They began campaigning for the right to vote at age 19 and quickly became well known as a speaker and organizer. They became president of the NUWSS in 1907 and worked to broaden the group's base to include working-class women. They died in 1929, a year after all women over the age of 21 were granted the right to vote.
London Mayor Sadiq Khan noted Fawcett's inclusion, or that of any woman in Parliament Square, is long overdue.
"When you think of the great people in Parliament Square and when you realize that not one of them is a woman, it sort of begs the question, are we saying there haven't been incredible women in the past? That our country hasn't been built on the back of great women?" Khan said.
The campaign to include a statue of a woman was launched by activist Caroline Criado Perez. They told the BBC that they were jogging past the historic square on International Women's Day in 2016 when they when noticed the absence of any female figures. They started the campaign "as they sat on a bench outside Buckingham Palace at the end of their run," according to the broadcaster.
"If [Fawcett] were a man, she'd have hundreds of statues up to her," Criado Perez told the BBC. "She's directly facing Parliament with their placard, so the MPs can see them everyday and think, 'I should probably go and sort that problem out.' "
Fawcett's monument is also the first in the square to be created by a female artist — Gillian Wearing, a conceptual artist who won the Turner Prize in 1997.
"Other designers and artists just didn't get it like Gillian did," Criado Perez told the BBC. "For me, it was very important [Millicent] was middle aged. I wanted them to be standing there not at all sexualised, but statesmanlike."
Criado-Perez previously campaigned successfully to make Jane Austen the new face of Britain's 10-pound note.
Foran High's girls basketball team dropped a 58-46 decision to Wilbur Cross on Friday.
The Lions (6-11) were led by Mia Tunucci with 20 points, 12 rebounds, five assists and three steals.
Jasmine Lord and Laura Heenan each scored eight points.
Tyannah Tucker scored 14 points for Cross (14-4).
Wilbur Cross
Ricks 3-1-2-7 Thomas 4-1-4-9 McPherson 6-0-0-14 Tucker 2-0-0-4 Jefferson 3-4-4-11 Moore 3-0-0-6 Everette 1-1-2-3 Antis 2-0-1-4
Totals 24-7-13-58
Foran
Heenan 3-0-0-8 Inthapanhya 0-0-0-0 Jasmine Lord 2-4-4-8 Tunucci 9-1-3-20 Lucas 3-0-0-6 Collins 1-0-0-2 Jade Lord 1-0-2-2
Totals : 19-5-9-46
3-point goals: WC: McPherson 2, Jefferson Foran: Tunucci, Heenan 2
Wilbur Cross 19-12-10-15- 58
Foran High 6-14- 8- 18-46
Wagner signs new three-year Huddersfield contract
David Wagner has committed their future to Huddersfield Town by signing a contract that will run until 2021.
Omnisport NEWS News 30 May 2018, 16:57 IST 81 Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Huddersfield Town boss David Wagner
Huddersfield Town have announced that head coach David Wagner has signed a new three-year contract.
Assistants Christoph Buhler and Andrew Hughes have also extended their deals, which were due to expire next year, until 2021.
"I'm very happy that we can announce David, Christoph and Andrew's new contracts today on the back of a superb debut Premier League season," Huddersfield chairperson Dean Hoyle told the club's official website.
"We have a fantastic working relationship and we're looking forward to taking on the challenge of establishing Huddersfield Town in the Premier League together."
Wagner took Huddersfield into the Premier League for the first time with a penalty shoot-out victory in the 2016-17 Championship play-off final over Reading.
The German guided their side to a 16th-place finish in 2017-18, with their survival in the top flight confirmed with a 1-1 draw away to Chelsea.
Head Coach David Wagner had a personal message for the #htafc fans (AT) pic.twitter.com/8Y9daLpi7y — Huddersfield Town (@htafcdotcom) May 30, 2018
Wagner had been linked with a possible move away from the club but they insist they had no doubts about extending their contract.
"The decision to extend my stay at this club was not a difficult one," they said. "The relationship Christoph, Andy and I have with Dean, the rest of the board, the staff and the supporters is special.
"We've achieved some incredible things together in two and a half years and now I'm excited about the future.
"We still have a lot of work to do as we adapt to life in the Premier League, but this club and its people have the ambition, desire and attitude to take this challenge on.
"Finally, a message to Huddersfield Town fans everywhere. Thank you for the support you have shown us and the players since I joined the club; it's been such a big factor in the success we've enjoyed."
If you have walked past GreenUP lately you may have stopped to view the various photos in the windows on the north side of the building. These photos are part of the GreenUP SPARK Photography Festival exhibit. All of the photos were submitted under the same theme: Life By Bike.
GreenUP is intrigued about the various ways that bikes have found places within the lives of local community members. We regularly meet people who have incorporated a bicycle into their lives and even some who have chosen to build their life around their bikes.
For some, riding a bike means ease and convenience for a morning commute, for others it is the challenge and satisfaction of a bit more speed or control. The Life by Bike exhibit captures these motivations, and more. Some images portray a reflection of a special connection to nature and community, while others catch a glimpse of happiness and freedom, echoing the joy that one may feel when buzzing down a trail with the wind in their face.
Many people in our community have made the shift towards active and sustainable transportation by embracing the bike. To Jenn McCallum and their husband John, life by bike represents a lifestyle, "For John and me, this means riding a bike to commute to and from work, buying groceries and running errands, and for exercise. We ride bikes all year round, including in the winter!"
Having a life by bike can expand the role of the bike, transforming it from merely a tool for travel, to a way to make connections with the world, "One of the gifts of being a year-round cycle commuter is that I feel more in touch with the weather and the changing seasons," shares Peterborough community member Peter Laurie. "If we have two days of a strong north wind, I know it tangibly; I dress a little more warmly to match the drop in temperature, and I know that the ride home from work will be a bit more of a challenge. It always makes me smile a bit when I hear people at work complaining about the weather, when their sole exposure to it has been from their car."
For Susan Sauve, life by bike is "Freedom to get around my community, knowing that if my eye condition worsens, I will still be able to get around easily. In that sense, using my bike for all kinds of adventures, from big shopping expeditions to travel, provides me with peace of mind. I don't need my car, it is an extra and when the time comes, I can let go of it without too much sadness." This sense of freedom and independence is echoed in the lives of youth and other community members that have chosen or that need to use bikes for transportation.
Riding doesn't always come easy. As McCallum reflects, "I learned to ride as a child, but I didn't ride a bike throughout my teen years. When I graduated from university in 2008, John helped me purchase my commuter bike, and taught me how to ride again. This has led to more time in the saddle. I've learned that there is a certain type of joy that only riding a bike can bring!"
Regardless of how or why life by bike happens, the common theme expressed, is joy. Laurie says, "The phrase 'life by bike' does a great job of expressing how much I love experiencing our community and the surrounding countryside from the perspective of two wheels, whether commuting or riding recreationally. There's something elemental about the act of climbing on and starting to pedal that awakens my inner 6 year old, and from that point on it's all about going fast and feeling the wind on my face." A sentiment that is shared by a real 6.5 year old, William VanDerHerberg, "My bike goes fast. It's easier than walking. It's better than driving and it helps the community."
Whether a bike is used for pursuits related to fitness, convenience, the environment, economics, or fun, it is being incorporated into lives of our community members. GreenUP shares the joy of our community members as we support their life by bike through programs and events that celebrate bikes and bike culture in Peterborough.
From April through to September, GreenUP, along with B!KE, and the City of Peterborough, offers programs to help you embrace life by bike. Information on Shifting Gears, Bike Night, #kidsonbikesptbo, SPARK Spin, and more can be found at peterboroughmoves.com.
Wolves seized a commanding 11-point lead at the top of the Sky Bet Championship with a clinical 3-0 win against 10-man Sheffield United at Molineux.
The hosts set up their 21st victory of the season by taking the lead in the fifth minute through Ruben Neves, with Diogo Jota's 13th goal this term doubling their advantage on the half hour.
Diogo Jota celebrates their goal with teammate Barry Douglas.
Ivan Cavaleiro's 76th-minute free-kick rubber-stamped the points after United goalkeeper Simon Moore had been sent off for their challenge on Jota just outside the area.
While Wolves are heading for the top flight, United's own promotion hopes are fading fast.
They have only won two of their last 13 league games and are now five points adrift of the top six.
United manager Chris Wilder admitted the visitors had been beaten by the better team.
Wilder said: “We have got no complaints. They are a fantastic side and they have done it to other teams as much as they have done it to us.
“We stuck as it and tried to find a way to get back but they had too much for us on the day. I take my hat off to the players that they have got and where they are going.
“But I have got to say when we stepped into the division people talked about this happening to us every three or four games and it has taken until February 3 for someone to do that to us.
“No-one has done that to us all season so credit to my players in terms of what they have done for the previous 25 games, and credit to the opposition and the way that they played.
“No heads dropped out there, because if heads drop that turns into a four, five or six defeat if they did and they didn't.
“It was important that my players stuck in and they did that. It is no disgrace to lose to a team who are one of the best Championship teams there has been for a long, long time.”
Wolves almost broke the deadlock after only two minutes when Cavaleiro surged past central defender Chris Basham.
Cavaleiro then delivered a perfect cross for Helder Costa, whose first-time volley flashed inches wide of the post.
The lively Cavaleiro may have been out of luck in creating a goal on that occasion, but they did have a hand in Wolves taking the lead in spectacular style shortly after through Neves.
Cavaleiro again cut in from the left wing and although they were tackled the loose ball fell kindly to Neves.
They took a quick look up before curling home a right-footed shot from 25 yards that flew past the outstretched hand of Moore and into the net off the top of a post.
United, who handed a first start to Ricky Holmes after their recent arrival from Charlton, struggled to mount a threat and their task became even harder when Cavaleiro played creator again to tee up Jota.
Matt Doherty crossed from the right wing to pick out Jota on the edge of the area.
They rolled the ball to Cavaleiro, whose return pass was then turned into the bottom corner by Jota.
United did try and rally before half-time, with long-range efforts from James Wilson and former Wolves midfielder Lee Evans, but they both came to nothing.
John Fleck then finally forced Wolves goalkeeper John Ruddy into action from a free-kick nine minutes into the second half before Holmes sliced wide from the edge of the area when well placed.
The Blades' hopes of fighting back were then extinguished completely after the dismissal of Moore for their challenge on Jota.
From the resulting free-kick, Cavaleiro's shot was deflected past substitute rookie goalkeeper Jake Eastwood, whose first task was to pick the ball out of the back of the net.
Wolves handed a late outing to returning striker Benik Afobe following their loan switch from Bournemouth and they almost made an instant impact only to see their 84th-minute header drift wide.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Luton have swooped to sign Sparta Prague keeper Marek Stech on a two-year deal.
It means the former Czech international will renew acquaintances with Hatters boss Nathan Jones, with the pair having previously played together for Yeovil.
Stech's contract with the Czech giants was up at the end of the season and Luton moved quickly to bring them back to England, with the keeper having originally joined West Ham at 16.
“It's all happened quickly. For the past two weeks, when they told me everything about the club, what the club wants to achieve and what kind of project they've got,” Stech told the Bedfordshire News.
"Obviously I know them from working and playing together. I know he's a top man and hopefully we can achieve something together.
“Luton were very unlucky not to get promoted last season, but hopefully we can now crack on, get ready and I can show my experience to help the team.”
(Photo: Michael Regan/Getty Images)
Coventry have agreed a fee with Peterborough United to sign Michael Smith.
Posh owner Darragh MacAnthony let slip on Twitter earlier this week that the newly-relegated Sky Blues had contacted them with regards one of their transfer-listed players.
And the Sky Bet League One side's director of football Barry Fry has told the Peterborough Telegraph that they are close to striking a deal for the Northern Ireland international.
ASUNCION, Paraguay — Brazilian soccer club Chapecoense has asked South America's soccer governing body to expel Uruguayan club Nacional from the Copa Libertadores after some of its fans mocked the plane crash that killed most of the Chapecoense squad two years ago.
Chapecoense said Friday it asked CONMEBOL to postpone the teams' match on Wednesday if it can't make a ruling on its request by then. The request is based on tournament rules set by CONMEBOL that make clubs responsible for the misbehaviour of their fans.
CONMEBOL announced earlier that it had opened a disciplinary procedure against Nacional due to "offensive behaviours that are an attack on human dignity."
Nacional apologized to the Brazilian team and later said that it had identified two fans and banned them as club members. Authorities were also alerted, so that the two men are not allowed again at sporting events, Nacional said.
Melanie Duncan is a serial entrepreneur who, along with their business partner and husband, Devin, has been experiencing success since college. While studying, they started Custom Greek Apparel, an online store offering sorority and fraternity members apparel with customized colors, fabrics and embroidery. Next, they launched Luxury Monograms, offering custom monogrammed home decor items. Soon their products were being featured in magazines and on Good Morning America, the Nate Berkus show and more. When Duncan's businesses were well-oiled machines, they decided to jump into the online education space, offering classes and support for makers and small business owners selling physical products. Now they have had over 160,000 students go through their training programs, she's consulted on digital strategy for major corporations, and spoken on stages all over the world.
I caught up with them recently in New York to ask them what they believe led them to such massive success, and what other makers and online entrepreneurs can do to follow in their footsteps. Here were their best tips.
Start as simple as possible.
Duncan started with custom embroidered clothing just for Greek organizations. They saw how hard it was for them to easily order and customize what they wanted, since at the time there were no online stores offering customization offerings. They spent hours at the sewing maching, on the floor cutting fabric and attending trade shows. Eventually that turned into a seven-figure empire. Them advice to other makers is to remember to start with the minimum viable product.
“Stop trying to create so many different SKUs or products and focus on creating one exceptional offering,” they said. “I see a lot of people just becoming -- very sadly -- mediocre, because they're trying to create this big mega online store and they haven't really been distinctly identified as a certain purveyor of something.”
This applies to all entrepreneurs, Duncan added. Whether you offer services, informational products or handmade goods, first become known and sought after for one amazing offering.
Let your ideas evolve.
Becoming known for one thing, however, doesn't mean you become rigid. Duncan and their husband were originally going to try screen printing, later they tried travel apparel items, and eventually found success with the Greek embroidered items.
“Even if you have a great idea, doesn't mean it's gonna be easy to turn it into a successful business,” Duncan cautioned. “When we stopped doing in-person marketing . . . our first order that we know specifically came from just online advertising, and once we knew that that would work, we knew that the business was going to be successful.”
Balance seasonality.
One of the hurdles Duncan had to overcome was the seasonality that came with their customer base of college students. A natural extension of what they were doing was customized embroidery on home decor items.
“Luxury Monograms was created in order to stabilize the amount of business that was created,” Duncan explained. “We did a lot of [positioning] as gifts for weddings or bridal showers, even baby showers. Mostly weddings, but weddings tend to be very popular right around the same time as Custom Greek Thread's demand was a lot lower.”
If you find yourself in the feast or famine cycle, look at how you can expand your offerings or tweak them to suit the slower times of year.
Assign clear responsibilities.
Duncan and their husband are a bit of unicorn scenario -- they started a random business in college. Neither of them was in a Greek organization or had any ties to the apparel industry, but the business grew from one success to another. They got married, traveled the world and now they are the picture perfect power couple, running multiple businesses from their stylish Upper West Side apartment. I asked them how they have maintained a happy marriage and a successful business partnership, and their advice is great for all couples, family businesses or even business partners.
“The worst thing you could have in a business is a diffusion of responsibility.” they said. “If you're working in a business with your partner and you're kind of working on everything together, you're working on nothing. You need to have your particular areas, own those, and then have complete and utter confidence [in each other.]”
Use your existing connections.
When Duncan was trying to get Luxury Monograms off the ground, they tried to land coveted press exposure in magazines and on television, but couldn't get through to any decision makers. Instead of continuing with the traditional route, they turned to some lifestyle bloggers that they knew personally. They didn't just ask them for a blurb or a giveaway arrangement, however. They asked themselves a key question: What would make this easy for them to say yes to?
“At this point, a lot of them were doing posts every single day, So I thought, ‘Okay, what I'll do is I'll write an actual blog post up for them' and I wrote a custom post for each person.”
The blogging strategy succeeded quickly, increasing their brand awareness, and soon Duncan achieved their ultimate goal -- product features on shows like Good Morning America, the Nate Berkus show and more.
When you need to expand visibility for your business, start with who you know and remember to ask yourself “What would make this easy for them?”
Find a community.
Anyone who has hustled hard towards a big goal has felt it. The distance between yourself and where and who you used to be. Duncan explained that entrepreneurship pushes a person to grow and change, which means relationships change.
“I've lost some very dear friends because of how much I've changed and how much my life has changed, and that's been the worst part [of entrepreneurship] but I'd say that's also been the best part.”
Now Duncan's list of close friends reads like an entrepreneurship A-list, with fellow entrepreneurs Amy Porterfield, Todd Herman and more. You will need support and encouragement as you build your business, so find a community to plug into.
Design your life.
Duncan is the poster child for what some call lifestyle entrepreneurship -- building your businesses so that you can have the life of your dreams. They and their husband made a goal of moving to New York, of traveling the world and working remotely, of getting the businesses on autopilot so they could take time off when they recently had their first child.
“Entrepreneurship has not changed my job or just my income, but it has changed my entire life,” Duncan explained. “It has changed who I am, and the impact I've been able to have. The life that I'm able to enjoy, it is so far above and beyond what I had ever even expected for myself.”
Watch more videos from The Pursuit on the show's YouTube channel.
Entrepreneur Network is a premium video network providing entertainment, education and inspiration from successful entrepreneurs and thought leaders. We provide expertise and opportunities to accelerate brand growth and effectively monetize video and audio content distributed across all digital platforms for the business genre.
EN is partnered with hundreds of top YouTube channels in the business vertical and provides partners with distribution on Entrepreneur.com as well as our apps on Amazon Fire, Roku and Apple TV.
Click here to become a part of this growing video network.
Floods have isolated parts of the Kimberley, leaving supermarkets in Broome and Derby without fresh food, dozens stranded on the side of a national highway and millions of dollars damage to roads eaten away by raging torrents.
Several sections of the Great Northern Highway — the only route connecting the Kimberley to the rest of WA — have been closed for days, as a huge blanket of water caused by recent storms engulf the region.
Extensive erosion has damaged the Logue River Bridge between Broome and Derby.
Freight trucks and private vehicles have been stuck at a closed section that has been underwater for several days around Roebuck Plains, 38km south of Broome.
A truck tries to get through the flooded region. Picture: Main Roads WA
The remote Aboriginal community of Beagle Bay on the Dampier Peninsula has also been cut off from the outside world because parts of the unsealed section of the Broome to Cape Leveque Road have become quagmires.
Coles in Broome was flying in supplies in a desperate bid to replenish stocks while Woolworths has hired a barge to deliver essentials from Dampier to the town.
Transport and logistics provider Centurion loaded seven refrigerated trailers of produce on to the barge yesterday.
It will arrive in Broome on Sunday. Centurion also plans to take road freight via Port Augusta and Katherine — adding 2095km and 24 hours to the normal route.
Broome Chamber of Commerce and Industry president Peter Taylor said they were disappointed that a national highway was not as “all-weather” as many people would have expected.
“Although governments have spent millions widening and building new bridges on this route ... we still have major disruptions during major rainfall events,” they said.
Main Roads WA was expecting to open the Roebuck Plains section of Great Northern Highway next week and the Derby to Broome stretch tomorrow.
___
2 big insurance breakups on Valentine's Day
Cigna says it is ending Anthem's proposed, $48-billion acquisition bid and seeking billions in damages from the Blue Cross-Blue Shield insurer. The announcement comes hours after another major insurer, Aetna Inc., said it was abandoning its planned, $34-billion purchase of Medicare Advantage provider Humana Inc.
___
Advertisement
Yellen: Expect Fed to resume raising rates in coming months
WASHINGTON (AP) — Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen pointed Tuesday to a solid U.S. job market and economy and suggested that the Fed will resume raising interest rates in the next few months. But with many uncertainties surrounding President Donald Trump's proposals, Yellen said the Fed still wants to keep assessing the economy.
___
Jumping bank stocks push US indexes higher; bond yields rise
NEW YORK (AP) — U.S. stock indexes climbed further into record territory, led by a push higher for banks. Bond yields rose after Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen said the central bank is still on track to raise interest rates gradually.
___
With Trump's win in China, will Trump toilets get flushed?
SHANGHAI (AP) — China is expected to give President Trump valuable rights to their brand for construction services this week. Chinese authorities denied them that benefit for a decade, but after Trump declared their candidacy their fortunes changed. Ethics lawyers say Trump's foreign trademarks are a conflict of interest that may violate the Constitution. Meanwhile, makers of Trump-brand luxury toilets in Shenzhen are contemplating a new legal adversary: the president of the United States.
___
Jumping bank stocks push US indexes higher; bond yields rise
NEW YORK (AP) — U.S. stock indexes climbed further into record territory, led by a push higher for banks. Bond yields rose after Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen said the central bank is still on track to raise interest rates gradually.
___
Leaders of American Airlines pilots' union blast CEO
DALLAS (AP) — Support from labor unions was critical when Doug Parker's US Airways forced a merger with American, but now the CEO of the world's biggest airline is under fire from unions unhappy about pay that lags rates at rival Delta. Leaders of the pilots' union say they have lost confidence in the ability of Parker and senior executives to lead the airline. Flight attendants picketed Tuesday at company headquarters and three big airports.
___
US says canceled flights declining, fewer bags getting lost
The government says airlines are getting better at avoiding canceled flights, losing bags and bumping passengers. The Transportation Department also says 2016 was one of the best years for on-time arrivals.
___
Buffett's firm invests heavily in Apple, airline stocks
OMAHA, Neb. (AP) — Warren Buffett's company nearly quadrupled its investment in Apple to over 57 million shares during the last three months of last year. Berkshire Hathaway Inc. filed a quarterly update on its U.S. stock portfolio with the Securities and Exchange Commission on Tuesday.
___
Judge gives OK to deal for smaller set of cheating VWs
SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — A judge in San Francisco granted initial approval to a deal worth at least $1.2 billion that aims to compensate owners of roughly 78,000 Volkswagens with 3-liter engines that were rigged to cheat on emissions tests. The company previously agreed to spend up to $10 billion buying back or repairing Volkswagens and Audis with 2-liter diesel engines. U.S. District Judge Charles Breyer congratulated attorneys on both sides before granting preliminary approval to the smaller deal on Tuesday
___
Merck Alzheimer's drug fails in 1 study; another continues
Merck & Co. says it will stop its study of an experimental Alzheimer's drug in people with mild or moderate symptoms because interim results showed “virtually no chance” of any benefit
___
PSA Group exploring takeover of GM's European unit Opel
FRANKFURT, Germany (AP) — France's PSA Group, maker of Peugeot and Citroen cars, says it's exploring “a potential acquisition” of Opel, the money-losing European business of General Motors Co. PSA Group and GM are already involved in several joint projects in Europe.
___
The Dow Jones industrial average rose 92.25 points, or 0.5 percent, to 20,504.41. The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 9.33 points, or 0.4 percent, to 2,337.58 for its sixth straight day of gains. The Nasdaq composite rose 18.62, or 0.3 percent, to 5,782.57.
Benchmark U.S. crude oil rose 27 cents to settle at $53.20 per barrel. Brent crude, the international standard, rose 38 cents to $55.97 a gallon in London. Natural gas fell 4 cents to $2.91 per 1,000 cubic feet, heating oil rose a penny to $1.64 per gallon and wholesale gasoline was close to flat at $1.55 a gallon.
IPL 2018: 4 reasons why RCB had a disappointing season
Analyzing what went wrong for RCB
Saurabh Ganguly ANALYST Top 5 / Top 10 30 May 2018, 16:32 IST 153 Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Rajasthan Royals v Royal Challengers Bangalore - IPL T20
The Royal Challengers Bangalore has always been a popular team among the fans. Despite being a team studded with star players from the inaugural edition itself, RCB has not been able to win a single title in the 11-year old history of IPL.
This year too, the RCB fans were in anticipation of a win from the extravagant side as the Bangalore squad looked really good on paper with stars like Brendon McCullum, Quinton de Kock, Tim Southee, Moeen Ali, Colin de Grandhomme featuring in it apart from the primary duo of AB and Virat.
But this was not to be as the passionate Bengaluru fans will have to wait for one more year after their favorite team failed to make it to the Playoffs. Many experts and former cricketers gave RCB a big chance to make it to the final four and some even considered it a team capable of winning the tournament. There were enormous expectations from the team given that they had made some smart purchases at the auctions.
RCB though did not quite live up to the expectation as they failed to even make it to the playoffs. With RCB, one usually associates a fearless brand of cricket but their thirst for a title win remains unquenched in the 11th year. As Virat said, RCB is aiming at a stronger come back in the tournament next year.
Let us look at a few reasons for yet another disappointing show by RCB.
RCB bowling woes
Umesh Yadav was the most successful RCB bowler
In yet another season of the Indian Premier League, the Royal Challengers Bangalore failed to bowl in the right areas and as a result, perished. RCB had no one else to blame but themselves for some of their poor outings with the ball since it was the bad delivery of the bowler that went for runs more often than not than a brilliant shot from a batsman in case of RCB bowling.
Despite having Umesh Yadav and Yuzvendra Chahal in the squad, who between themselves have taken 32 wickets for 781 runs, RCB struggled to pull things together, especially at the death. Since Umesh was used predominantly in the front and Chahal bowled out in the middle overs, the rest of the attack failed to live up to the pressure.
Zimbabwe Cricket Board receives much-needed help from the ICC
Harigovind Thoyakkat FOLLOW ANALYST News 97 // 04 Jul 2018, 16:55 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
What's the story
The International Cricket Council (ICC) and the Zimbabwe Cricket Board (ZC) has finally come to terms on a “package of measures”, which will finally enable the nearly-impoverished cricketing body to pay off its debts, thereby allowing revolting players to come out of their self-imposed exile.
The ICC has also extended all possible help to the ZC so that board will be able to manage the game in the country.
The details
The amount that has been discussed between the two bodies are assumed to be well enough for the ZC to pay the players' salaries that have been long overdue, as well as to clear off a host of other bills, including grounds' maintenance costs.
The ICC has also decreed that the Zimbabwe board will continue to receive funding “on a controlled basis”, that will help in further development.
The ICC recently held its annual conference in Dublin, Ireland, and that is when the international governing body on the sport took the lifesaver decision in favour of the Zimbabwe board.
It is widely understood that the African nation was in due danger of suspension, both from the game and from the ICC, if they were not able to produce any substantial evidence regarding the debt they had, and that of the renegotiated terms with those institutions to whom ZC owes money.
The Zimbabwe Asset Management Corporation (ZMAC) had come to the aid of ZC, and the two organisations worked in tandem to restructure the financial situation to such a way that will give more ease to ZC in payback.
This, in turn, deemed the country's board to have complied with the terms set by the ICC, whose board further decided to commit in assisting the country's board to restore itself to earlier conditions.
A plan of action will also be put together by the ICC to ensure that ZC is funded in a more regulated manner in future. That would ensure that the Zimbabwean players' and staff's salaries are duly paid.
Shashank Manohar, the ICC chairperson, said that they were happy to have been able to chart out a way that will see ZC travel through smoother roads, and also informed the media that there are massive changes in plans up ahead.
"It will require a significant change to their financial, managerial and cricketing operations, along with support from the ICC, but we saw the latent potential of cricket at the recent ICC Cricket World Cup Qualifier in Zimbabwe and this gives us the opportunity to build on that,” they added.
In case you didn't know
Earlier this May, the Zimbabwe Board found themselves in a tough situation as the players had given them a stiff ultimatum to pay their long-overdue salaries and match fees by June 25, failing which they will boycott the currently happening T20 tri-series with Australia and Pakistan.
The cricketers were owed three months' salary and match fees from their tour of Sri Lanka last July. It is now understood that while the match fees from the Sri Lankan tour have been paid, while the remaining is still due.
In a few weeks since the above happened, it was newly realised that talks between ZC's newly-appointed consultant Vince van der Bijl and players' representative Gerald Mlotchwa had led to an "understanding", as a result of which the board were allowed more time by the players to pay them. Most of the players also called off their boycott of the tri-series.
And right now, all that has been heard in detail has been happening as Zimbabwe continue to participate in the series that is happening in parallel without much ado.
However, they still lack a few big names in their squad such as Brendan Taylor, Graeme Cremer, Sikandar Raza, Shawn Williams and Craig Ervine. Raza has even joined the Montreal Tigers in the Global T20 League Canada, which is happening in parallel as well.
What's next
Former ZC Chairperson Faisal Hasnain, who resigned office and left the organisation at the end of April has not been replaced yet. Former South African player Vince van der Bijl is just a temporary solution that ZC have at hand right now.
Gerald Mlotchwa, the representative of the players, has also not yet responded to the new decisions on the ZC taken on behalf of the ICC.
Zimbabwe, meanwhile continues to perform dismally as losses to both Australia and Pakistan have already unfavoured them from a chance in the series finals, with one more round of games remaining.
The parents of the Parkland students aren't messing around when it comes to gun reform. As The Florida Sun-Sentinel detailed on Wednesday, a collection of these parents, who've been hugely impacted by mass gun violence, have decided to jump into the political arena ― specifically, some Parkland parents will fight the NRA with a PAC they've formed, aiming to exert their influence on the political process.
The city of Parkland, Florida was rocked by a massively deadly mass shooting back on Feb. 14, when a gunman opened fire at Stoneman Douglas High School, killing 17 people and injuring many more. In the aftermath of the shooting, many of the surviving students got involved, passionately and with great determination, in activism supporting new gun control laws. This activism led to multiple national school walkouts, as well as the March For Our Lives in Washington, D.C. in March.
Now, Jeff Kasky ― the father of Cameron Kasky, one of the Parkland students whoare been particularly visible in gun control activism since the shooting ― has filed to launch a political action committee, titled "Families vs. Assault Rifles." According to the Sun-Sentinel, the elder Kasky says they already have a "couple dozen" supporters, although the recruitment effort hasn't yet begun in earnest. The PAC has been active for more than a week now, and it's accepting donations.
The goal of the new PAC, according to The Hill, is to challenge elected officials backed by the National Rifle Association, and to put pressure on lawmakers to pass a new raft of gun control reforms, including a reinstatement of the assault weapons ban, and bans on the sale of accessories like extended capacity magazines and bump stocks. The PAC's official website makes much the same case.
"FAMSVARPAC's mission is two-fold and clear," the site's Our Mission page reads. "To remove the NRA from our political system, and then to amend the National Firearms Act of 1934 to include a BAN on assault weapons, bump stocks, and high-capacity magazines." The site also states that the PAC was founded by the parents of Parkland students, and that the protection of American children from gun violence is its foremost focus.
"FAMSVARPAC was founded by parents of students of Marjorie Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida, along with others with a vested interest in keeping our community and our entire country safe from the proliferation of military-style assault weapons — extraordinarily dangerous weapons designed for nothing more than killing the greatest amount of humans in the shortest possible time," the PAC's website explains.
Mark Wilson/Getty Images News/Getty Images
The PAC will be going up against a political powerhouse in the NRA, which is widely considered one of the most potent and influential lobbying organizations in America, one that enforces more or less lockstep rigidity in the politicians it supports and donates to.
Although there are some conservative and centrist Democrats who've earned varying degrees of support from the NRA, there's no doubt that the Republican Party is where most of its money and influence is felt. At the organization's massive conference in Dallas, Texas earlier this month, in fact, no less than Vice President Mike Pence and President Donald Trump showed up in support.
The NRA has been the target of many of the Parkland students, including Kasky, David Hogg, and Emma Gonzalez. Not all of the school's student body support the gun control efforts, to be clear ― there are some conservative, pro-gun students too, just like you'd expect ― but the supporters of new gun laws have been particularly visible and vocal in the months since the shooting. And now, it seems as if some of the community's parents are getting involved in the struggle, too.
Looking At The Diversity Visa Program That Brought Him Here — And Its Fate
Enlarge this image toggle caption Eric Thayer/Reuters Eric Thayer/Reuters
For Abdel Akim Adjibade, the fifth time was the charm. They remember clearly the day in 2003 they found out the news. He'd won the lottery — literally.
After receiving four rejections, Adjibade, a science instructor from Burkina Faso in West Africa, opened a large envelope to see the word "Congratulations" along with their photo and case number. The U.S. had selected them for one of the up to 50,000 visas issued annually via lottery selection through the Diversity Immigrant Visa Program.
"I start shaking, you know — realize really what was happening to me," they tell NPR's Mary Louise Kelly about that moment. "Then I made a phone call to my dad. I said 'Dad, I just found out I have an opportunity to go to the USA.' They said 'If it is in your best interest, you can go.' "
Often referred to as the green card lottery, the visas benefit immigrants like Adjibade — people from countries with low immigration rates to the U.S. But in recent months, criticism of the program has grown louder, culminating with President Trump calling to end it.
During the State of the Union, Trump reiterated their intention to gut the diversity lottery as part of their immigration overhaul. They said the lottery "randomly hands out green cards without any regard for skill, merit or the safety of American people."
The lottery started in the 1980s as a way to benefit a growing population of undocumented Irish immigrants before it evolved to include countries that don't send many immigrants to the U.S.
Trump called for an end to the program last fall after the New York City truck attack that killed eight people. Sayfullo Saipov, the man accused of carrying out the attack, came to the U.S. from Uzbekistan in 2010 through the lottery.
Some critics highlighted the attack as an example of how the program poses security risks to Americans. In a tweet after the attack, Trump called out Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer, D-N.Y, who helped establish the program. In 2013, Schumer was part of a bipartisan group that tried to cut the program but failed.
Muzaffar Chishti, from the Migration Policy Institute, tells NPR that focusing on one small portion of the immigrants coming to the U.S. makes no sense because "security concerns are equally valid for all admission categories."
"There's nothing peculiar about the diversity visas that make them more vulnerable to admission of terrorists," they say. "And with respect to the terrorists who are being tied to these programs, they all — by every piece of evidence we know — they were radicalized in the United States, after the admission."
Conversations about the diversity lottery also have played out within a broader debate about curtailing legal immigration overall. Republican lawmakers proposing to cut the program also back other measures meant to slow immigration, including limiting the number of refugees granted entry, or the types of relatives people who want to reunite with their families here can sponsor.
Chishti says the diversity program brings in about 5 percent of the country's immigrant stream, many of them with little to no connections to the U.S.
"One of the criticisms of the diversity program is that people come with no established attachment to the country," they say, "but on the other hand, they come with, you know, fire in their belly. And a lot of people argue that that is much more consistent with the founding of our country, that people who just have a lot of gumption can succeed well."
Adjibade was one of those people. After they received their letter, they moved to the U.S. in 2004. They had one family member here, a cousin, and no job lined up.
"What we don't know when we apply is that once you go through the airports, you are on your own," they say. "Everything that happens to you will be a matter of good luck and good circumstances."
Of the 50,000 people who come to the U.S. annually through the program, about 20,000 come from African countries, Chishti says.
"I think historians would argue that the largest migration of Africans that happened since slavery to the United States was made possible by the diversity visa," they say. "Countries like Nigeria, countries like Sierra Leone, countries like Guinea, Liberia, have been big beneficiaries."
Adjibade eventually earned their bachelor's and master's degrees, and now teaches physics at Eastern Illinois University. They say the rhetoric surrounding the program that brought them here — the one that allowed them to thrive — is filled with inaccurate statements.
"As for me, you know, you can tell I've been teaching in Eastern Illinois since 2012. I'm doing pretty fine," they say. "And people will not say that I'm useless to the United States or I'm taking advantage of the United States' resources. It's so sad the rhetoric that is going out there."
You might want grab yourself a seat and a redneck margarita while you're at it because this Queer Eye news will have you shook. It turns out, that everyone's favorite reality show couple Tom and Abby almost didn't reunite on Queer Eye. But, luckily, Antoni Porowski is not only a good cook, but one hell of a listener.
In a May 30 interview with Entertainment Weekly, Karamo Brown, Queer Eye's culture expert, revealed that Tom Jackson's episode, which also happened to be the very first of the Netflix reboot, was almost very different. The original plan was to help Tom move on in their love life after their divorce from Abby by improving their online dating profile.
But, Antoni picked up on a comment Tom made about their ex-wife that forced the new Fab Five to switch gears. “Antoni shifted that episode,” Brown told EW, admitting the guys had never spoken about this change publicly.
In the episode while looking through Tom's kitchen, Antoni noted that maybe they should lay off all the sugar. Antoni assumed it was Tom's daughter's candy since they have a little boy, but Tom said it was Abby who had been buying them the chocolate bars. "We see each other now and then," Tom said. "Wait, why did your face twitch?" Antoni said all smiles. "Talk to me about that."
Turns out, Tom wasn't quite over their last ex-wife telling Antoni, "I love them more than anything. I wanna spend my life with her." With that, the guys made it their mission to bring these two together. What fans didn't see was that Tom had already revamped their dating profile with help from Karamo, who even took them “to meet different women to learn how to talk to him, to build their confidence.”
But, Karamo couldn't be happier about the switch. After all, Tom and Abby's love story is one of the best things to come out of the show. “Antoni catching that one [comment where Tom mentions Abby] literally cut my scene out, which I'm happy about," Karamo told EW. "All of a sudden we are on a bench and I'm like, ‘Call your ex-wife!'" Tom invited them to the car show, and the rest is history. Tom and Abby were re-married back in March, eloping in Tennessee followed by a "honeymoon in the mountains."
After the two got hitched, the Queer Eye guys were quick to congratulate Tom and Abby. Tan told Entertainment Tonight, "Watching Tom with Abby was the most beautiful thing. You can tell how much they love her." Bobby also told ET, "The whole world saw all the love re-blossom on the first episode of Queer Eye. We couldn't be more happy. Tom and Abby, congratulations. We love you."
While Tom teased in their tweet announcing their engagement that it would be fun to have the Queer Eye guys plan their wedding, even saying Bobby could be their best man, it appears from Tom's wedding photos as if that didn't happen. But, don't worry, when Queer Eye Season 2 returns on June 15 it's going to be filled with even.
According to Entertainment Weekly, the new season of the "make better" not make-over show will include eight new episodes, that will feature "the show's first female and first trans male subjects."
Whether or not Tom and Abby actually show up in Season 2, fans will always have their episode in which they not only fell in love with the guy who thought "they couldn't fix ugly," but the Queer Eye guys, too. And, it's hard to believe Antoni, Karamo, Jonathan, Tan, and Bobby won't find new ways to make the world love them even more in this new season.
Photos courtesy of CHAPEL AT THE PARK
LEXINGTON, S.C. (AP) — Authorities in South Carolina say four people were found dead in a home in what appears to be a murder-suicide.
Lexington County Coroner Margaret Fisher said in a news release that the dead — a man, a woman and their two children — were found Sunday around 8 p.m. Fisher says it's believed all four died of gunshot wounds.
In a tweet from a verified Twitter account, the Lexington County Sheriff's Department said the deaths appear to be a murder-suicide and the investigation is ongoing.
Fisher identified the dead as 26-year-old Marissa Hope Reynoso and two of their children, 4-year-old Elijah Chavez and 1-year-old Ezra Chavez. Also dead was 25-year-old Jorge Luis Chavez, who's believed to be the father of the two children.
Advertisement
Fisher says an older child of Reynoso wasn't at the home at the time.
A senior South Korean lawmaker on Tuesday called for a revision to the missile defense system sought by the country by the mid-2020s as North Korean missiles will likely become harder to detect before launch.
The upcoming "kill chain" strike system and the Korean Air and Missile Defense system are both designed to detect and destroy incoming missiles in the shortest possible time.
In this captured image from North Korea's state-owned Korean Central News Agency, the Pukguksong-2 missile flies after being fired from a mobile launcher in an air base on Feb. 12, 2017. (Yonhap)
In a meeting with reporters after being briefed on North Korea's latest missile launch and Seoul's countermeasures by the National Intelligence Service, Lee Cheol-woo, chairperson of the National Assembly's Intelligence Committee, raised questions about the effectiveness of the anti-missile systems in hitting the North's newly developed solid-fuel missile fired from a mobile launcher on Sunday."With the planned systems, it is impossible to pre-emptively strike solid propellant missiles (through prior detection). So the kill chain (and KAMD) systems themselves don't make an effective missile defense system," they told reporters.Solid-fuel missiles pose a greater threat as they require less preparation time than liquid-fueled rockets, and can be fired more easily and quickly from a mobile launcher.It takes about one to three hours for the North to fuel a liquid-fueled missile, so it can be detected by surveillance satellites operated by the US and South Korea. In that case, a pre-emptive strike is possible, according to military officials.Most of North Korean ballistic missiles, such as the shorter-range Scud with a range of 500-700 kilometers, the medium-range Rodong with a 1,300-1,500 km range and the intermediate-range Musudan missile with a range of more than 3,000 km, use liquid fuel.But the surface-to-surface intermediate-range Pukguksong-2 missile launched by the North Sunday has been determined by the military as a solid fuel type. It is speculated to have a range of more than 2,000 km.As it was launched at a high angle, the missile reached a height of 550 km and flew about 500 km before splashing down into the East Sea."It takes only five to 10 minutes to launch the solid-fuel Pukguksong-2," Lee said.North Korean leader Kim Jong-un likely ordered the task of developing the Pukguksong-2 missile based on the successful SLBM test carried out in August, Seoul's Joint Chiefs of Staff said Sunday.The SLBM launched in August carried the name Pukguksong-1, a name which translates as the "North Star."As for anti-missile capabilities, the PAC-2 and PAC-3 Patriot systems currently operated by the U.S. Forces Korea and the Korean military are up to the task of intercepting the Pukguksong-type missiles, the chairperson said.The PAC-2 and PAC-3 are designed to intercept missiles for a "low altitude" of 20-40 km."Given the Patriot missile defense systems are designed to strike incoming missiles travelling at speeds of Mach 8-9, they may not be effective in shooting down an incoming missile at speeds of Mach 9-10," they said.On Tuesday, the NIS confirmed the Pukguksong-2 reached a maximum speed of Mach 10.Missile experts say if a missile reaches a height of 550 km and falls, it can reach very high speeds. This means the kill chain and KAMD won't work properly in the face of an incoming missile from the North, they said.The Terminal High Altitude Area Defense missile defense system, scheduled to be deployed in South Korea this year, may also ineffective in dealing with high speed missiles,THAAD is known to be able to intercept a missile flying 40-150 km from the ground, can shoot down missiles that comes directly towards it even if they reach speeds of Mach 14, but are less effective for missiles heading for distant areas.Yoo Seung-min, a presidential candidate for the conservative Bareun Party, argued South Korea needs to "inject a defense budget to secure two to three THAAD batteries here and have control over missile defense operations." (Yonhap)
A 15-year-old mother and their 4-month-old baby son are both in the custody of the Massachusetts Department of Children and Families after the girl was found in Springfield sometime Tuesday, Newburyport police said.
Authorities said Shantel Van Voorhis and their baby, Jacob Van Voorhis, disappeared from the DARE Family Services facility in Newburyport at about 2:30 a.m. Monday.
The baby was turned over to their biological family in Worcester earlier Tuesday and is in DCF custody as well.
Alerts were posted by Newburyport police and Massachusetts State Police seeking public help in locating the pair. Police believed Van Voorhis may have left the facility with a friend of hers.
A vehicle description was posted and that car was found in Springfield earlier today.
With Flynn Out, Who Will Trump Pick To Be National Security Adviser?
With Flynn Out, Who Will Trump Pick To Be National Security Adviser? Audio will be available later today.
A hero's welcome this weekend for members of the Heritage High School girls' basketball team coming back to Saginaw Township as state champions.
“All day today I've heard I'm so happy you guys won,” said Moira Joiner. “You made us proud and it just feels really good to hear that.”
That champion feeling sinking in like a jumper that hits nothing but net.
On Saturday, March 17, Saginaw Heritage claimed the Class A girls' basketball title, defeating previously unbeaten East Lansing 57 to 36.
Senior forward Madison Camp and junior point guard Moira Joiner reflected on their run that netted the lady Hawks their first title since 2002.
“Looking at our student section and our coaches and seeing everybody go on the court, it was unreal," Camp said. "I mean I can't even describe how amazing it felt just to see all this hard work that we've put in actually paying off.”
“Things are coming to an end for basketball season and we're turning in our bags and stuff tomorrow and it's like wow,” Joiner said.
Meanwhile, Coach Vonnie DeLong tells TV5 it was an honor to bring back another banner to the Saginaw area.
“It's been a few years since a team from here has won it,” DeLong said. “So I mean in that regard we're just privileged to be able to add that legacy of Saginaw basketball.”
As you can imagine these lady Hawks say they would like to do this all over again in 2019.
“Obviously I hope we go back there,” Joiner said. “But you got to work hard next year too.”
“They are some of the hardest working people that I've ever played with, that I've ever seen,” Camp said. “So I know that next year I can definitely see the same outcome, but I know they're going to put the work in for it.”
Copyright 2018 WNEM (Meredith Corporation). All rights reserved.
The fashion branded parties are a more recent phenomenon at Coachella, but the record labels have been at the party game since Day One.
Interscope Records hosted its annual festival party at Dinah Shore's private residence in Palm Springs on the afternoon of April 15, attracting talent such as Jared Leto, Lana Del Rey, Kamaiyah, Tyga, 6lack, Benny Blanco, Bahari, Jarryd James and DRAM as well as industry movers and shakers such as Roc Nation's Jay Brown, Lighthouse Entertainment's Aleen Keshishian and Todd Moscowitz.
The label has a major presence at this year's festival with both clients Lady Gaga and Kendrick Lamar headlining, along with acts including ScHoolboy Q, Mura Masa and Shura.
“Our party is our statement we make every year,” said John Janick, chairperson and chief executive officer of Interscope. “It's great to see everyone at our house here enjoying barbecue and a place where artists can come and relax away from everything.”
Guests enjoyed barbecue from world-class grill master Adam Perry Lang, paired with heavy cocktails by Johnnie Walker and Electric Sky Wine.
Meanwhile, both Lady Gaga and Lamar “killed it” during their sets. While Lady Gaga put on the expected fashion show, donning Mugler as their opening look, they also delivered a lot of heartfelt monologues that endeared them to the diverse crowd. “I love Lady Gaga,” said Halsey later that night.
While many of the big acts didn't bring on A-list guest performers à la Taylor Swift, Lamar's Sunday night set featured appearances by Travis Scott, ScHoolboy Q and Future.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
People in Westbury-on-Trym were heartbroken when hugely popular pizzeria Flour and Ash closed its doors in the village last year - but there's now a reason to celebrate as an exciting new restaurant has finally opened in its place.
Athena, a Greek meze bar and restaurant, opened this week in the former Flour and Ash site on Westbury High Street and it looks as if it'll be a big hit.
The family-run restaurant will be serving up a range of authentic meat, fish and vegetarian Greek dishes, with classics such as moussaka, kleftiko and tzatziki all appearing on its menu.
The restaurant's manager, Kostas Somascinos, said the family wanted to open in Bristol after successfully opening a site in Chippenham but had struggled to find the right location for some time.
However, they said once they learned of the Flour and Ash site the decision to open up there was an easy one.
Kostas said: "Our chef was always really interested in food as a young boy in Greece and they then worked in restaurants in Bristol and Bath for about 15 years, before deciding they wanted to open up their own place.
"We know the area - we have been in Bristol for about 18 years - and we wanted to do something really nice for the city. It's definitely bringing something different to the area."
As well as an extensive food menu and a broad choice of wines, Athena will also be hosting special Greek-themed nights with live music and entertainment once a month.
Kostas told the Post they hoped people in Westbury and beyond would come out and support the restaurant as the team behind it cared massively about their customers, and hoped to see returning faces during the coming months.
They added: "It is about cooking really fresh food which is all home-made. We are all very passionate about our food and cooking.
"Hopefully Bristol will enjoy what we are offering - it's really important customers leave happy, and we really want to see them all again."
Athena Meze Bar and Restaurant is open now on Westbury High Street. To book contact 0117 3300033.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi spoke about the havoc wreaked by floods in various parts of India and the tragic deaths of 72 children in Gorakhpur in one of the worst public health crisis the country has seen. Photo: PTI
New Delhi: Unify India (Bharat Jodo), Prime Minister Narendra Modi exhorted from the ramparts of the Red Fort on 15 August, asking the people of India, in their fourth Independence Day speech, to build a new India free from caste and religious differences, corruption and terrorism, and where all Indians have access to housing, electricity and water.
The prime minister's deadline for this is 2022, the 75th anniversary of India's independence. The new India, Modi added, would fulfil the dreams of young people and women, and see the income of farmers double. And yes, it would be free of dynastic rule.
The prime minister spoke about the havoc wreaked by floods in various parts of India and the tragic deaths of 72 children in Gorakhpur in one of the worst public health crisis the country has seen.
They also emphasized some of their government's pet themes—its various missions (or campaigns), the tenet of co-operative federalism, the goods and services tax (GST), the fight against black money—and its approach to addressing the Kashmir issue and the agrarian crisis.
Modi urged young people to become job creators rather than job seekers. They said many people are taking loans as part of the government's Mudra (micro-loans) scheme and turning entrepreneurs. The prime minister also asked education institutions to come forward to participate in the world class university plan under which 20 institutions will be supported to come up to global standards and enjoy better financial support and minimal regulations.
Modi spoke about the controversial “triple talaq” issue and thanked those who have been working on its campaign.
Agriculture
For Indian farmers—sections of whom earlier this year protested demanding loans waivers and better crop prices following a record production and a crash in prices of pulses and perishables—Modi said improving access to irrigation, connecting farmers to markets and protecting them against weather risks through insurance were among the major thrust areas of the government.
Modi lauded farmers for record food grain and pulses production, despite adverse weather conditions in 2016-17. The government had encouraged them by procuring a record 1.6 million tonnes of pulses (at support prices). “In India procurement of pulses was not traditional (policy) and what we did was historic,” Modi said. On the revamped crop insurance scheme, Pradhan Mantri Fasal Bima Yojana (PMFBY), launched in 2016, Modi said that over 10 million new farmers have enrolled under the scheme. “Three years ago 3.25 crore farmers had crop insurance and now 5.75 crore farmers are covered,” they said.
Kashmir
On restive Kashmir, which has seen protests and a spiral of violence, Modi signalled a softer approach in dealing with the people of the state, while adopting a hardline approach on terrorism and separatist elements. They promised to “stand shoulder-to-shoulder with our brothers and sisters in Jammu and Kashmir”, who they said had “suffered a lot due to terrorism”.
“We are determined to develop the state, educate the youth, give them jobs, include them in the mainstream, increase business and jobs and give them reasons to rejoice,” Modi said. “The Kashmir problem will neither be solved by bullets nor by abusing each other. There is no question of being soft on terrorists,” the prime minister said.
Kashmir has seen a prolonged period of unrest starting with the protests following the killing of Hizbul Mujahideen terrorist Burhan Wani last July. Attempts by Indian security forces to quell the unrest last year saw the deaths of scores of people. According to the home minister, 92 terrorists had been killed by security forces till July.
Black money
“Our fight against black money and corruption will continue. We have to use technology for good and transparent governance. Those who have looted the nation and looted the poor are not able to sleep peacefully. There is an environment today where there is a festival of honesty. This gives support. In such a short time, the government has managed to get more than Rs800 crore benami money,” Modi said.
The prime minister also spoke on demonetisation and linked it with their government's commitment to root out corruption. “With demonetisation we have managed to get hidden black money out,” they said, adding that the process has also choked the creation of new black money. Modi also said that Rs1.75 trillion of deposits that banks received after last November's demonetisation exercise is under suspicion for tax evasion.
“(Because of demonetisation) 18 lakh people have been identified whose incomes do not match. 3 lakh companies have been found who are shell companies. I have started a war against corruption and black money for the benefit of the poor and the growth of the country,” they added.
The number of people who have filed their tax returns for 2016-17 by the first deadline (6 August) has more than doubled (compared to the number that filed by the first deadline last year), the prime minister said.
Co-operative federalism
Reiterating their stand on co-operative federalism, Modi said that states and the Central government have given new strength to competitive federalism through the roll-out and implementation of GST. The terms of engagement between the Centre and the states are changing, they added. “There was a feeling that the Centre was the big brother and states the younger brothers. I have been a chief minister and am aware of the importance of taking states along. We have focussed on co-operative federalism and now competitive cooperative federalism.”
Modi said GST, Swachh Bharat Abhiyaan, Smart Cities, Ease of Doing Business are areas where the Central government is working with states.
Modi also said that the government is devoting significant attention to eastern Indian states of Bihar, Assam, West Bengal, Odisha, and the northeastern states. These parts have to grow further, they added.
Referring to their vision for a “new India”, Modi said, “India is about shanti (peace), ekta (unity) and sadbhavana (harmony). Casteism and communalism will not help us. Violence in the name of astha (faith) is not something to be happy about, it will not be accepted in India. Team India should come together to build a New India.”
Indians would have to abandon the casual chalta hai (anything will do) attitude and think of badal sakta hai (we can change). “This attitude will help us as a nation,” they said.
Driving in ideal weather is a life-or-death adventure, so I am amazed and pleasantly surprised to be sitting at my kitchen table typing right now after spending the last two hours commuting through a blinding blizzard on a snowmobile track previously known as a highway.
I got myself trapped 100 kilometres from home and I blame a forecast that didn't seem all that scary. A few centimetres of snow. Big deal. It's called January.
Well, at 5 p.m. drew closer, those few centimetres were falling every two minutes. When I pulled out of the parking lot, the road was covered with snow but light on cars because most sane people ditched work early to get home. Apparently they were scared by the "centimetre-a-geddon" forecast.
Not me. Have you ever gotten out on the road and been trapped in weather you were not expecting? I very quickly realized that it really was unfit for travel. Snow was blowing and swirling over the highway in those hypnotizing, dizzying patterns (oh, and blinding at times, can't forget blinding). The road was hidden and only a couple of faint tire tracks told me where to point my car. Had I known how bad it was, I would have bunked down in a hotel for the night.
But there I was, out there in the middle of it. I didn't know if I should turn back or push forward. I wasn't sure if I should start praying or crying. Pulling over seemed like a disaster waiting to happen.
As a small caravan of vehicles continued to slowly and carefully make our way down the road, I was stunned by the small number of incredibly brave and noble drivers who felt the need to pull out and pass. Who are these loons? Where are they going? How do they make the decision to pull into a passing lane when the passing lane is completely covered in snow and ice?
It's usually either someone in a large pickup truck or, and this is strange but true, someone in some little, old crapmobile. Watch the passing lane. If someone pulls out and passes you in bad weather, if they aren't in a giant truck, odds are good they are in a Sunfire, a Focus or a Yaris. Nothing against those cars, but if I was in one in a storm, I feel like I would be a little cautious and defensive not busting out of the pack to get to ... where are they in such a hurry to get to again?
Anyway, I would not have bet $1 that I would have made it through the storm without at least a minor accident (and not ruling out blindly driving off a cliff) but after taking twice as long as normal to get there, I was home safe. And speaking of betting, don't forget that this Sunday it's time for the Super Bowl of football games — the Super Bowl!
Are you ready for some commercials? I mean footballs? If not, you better get ready because you are about to get an extra-large, supersized, all-you-can-eat, bottomless, deep-dish, triple-stacked, topped with melty cheese and bacon bits serving of it. You can have some guac too — it does cost a little extra though.
I am a sports guy. I like to watch sports, including football. But even I am starting to get overstuffed with the spectacle of it all. It's a football game. An American football game. We are in Canada. We pretend to have a favourite team but really, we have no stake in this thing.
BANGKOK, Thailand — April 17, 2017 — Indorama Ventures Public Company Limited (IVL), a global chemical producer, today announced that it has entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Glanzstoff Group. Glanzstoff is a major European manufacturer of tire cord fabrics and single-end-cords (SEC) for high performance tire applications. This transaction is expected to close during the second quarter of 2017, subject to regulatory approval.
Glanzstoff offers a broad range of solutions in the tire cord fabrics and single-end-cords in high performance rayon, aramid, Nylon 6.6 and polyester in addition to hybrid filament yarns for the high growth and high performance automotive applications. Glanzstoff is Europe's largest converter for tire cord fabrics and a global leader in SEC and is vertically integrated into high tenacity Rayon technology. It has manufacturing sites in Luxembourg, Italy and the Czech Republic.
Commenting on this acquisition, Aloke Lohia Group CEO of Indorama Ventures, said, “The acquisition of Glanzstoff provides a unique opportunity for Indorama Ventures to consolidate its leadership position in the tire cord business and strengthens our high value-added (HVA) portfolio. It enhances the company's value proposition and provides collaborative opportunities with the global automotive tire industry, including those for autonomous and electric vehicles. IVL is a leading global specialty-fibers solution provider with strong presence in headliner yarns, acoustic fibers and tire-cord fabrics and the Glanzstoff acquisition is a strategic fit to help grow this portfolio”.
IVL entered into the high-growth tire cord business following the acquisition of PHP Fibers in 2014. Thereafter, it acquired Performance Fibers in 2015 and created a global scale as a result of these acquisitions. The company continues to invest and announced a sizeable expansion of its tire-cord manufacturing line at Performance Fibers in Kaiping, China in January of 2017. On a pro forma basis, the combined revenue of PHP Fibers, Performance Fibers and Glanzstoff in 2016 was US$ 602 million. On an all-inclusive basis, the HVA segment of IVL achieved sales revenue of over US$ 2 billion in 2016.
“We continue to pursue a transformational journey to consolidate our leadership position and pursue profitable growth opportunities in the high value-added segment. The Glanzstoff platform will expand our footprint beyond Polyester and Nylon 6.6 by entering into Rayon technology. Our focus remains on delivering best-in-class propositions, while driving our global innovation agenda to strengthen the company's capabilities in the value chain in which we are present. We strive to be a world-class, high-growth company and will continue to explore opportunities to deliver earnings growth and enhanced value in a sustainable manner,” Mr. Lohia concluded.
Posted April 17, 2017
Source: Indorama Ventures Public Company Limited (IVL)
IPL 2018: 4 records of the season
A look at the few mind-boggling records that were created during the course of the tournament
Subhrojit Mondal CONTRIBUTOR Top 5 / Top 10 30 May 2018, 12:46 IST Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
KL Rahul
IPL 2018 has come to a roaring end with Chennai Super Kings, riding on the back of Shane Watson's blitzkrieg, and the MS Dhoni-led team were crowned champions for the third time. The eleventh edition of the tournament gave fans a lot to cherish and remember, much more than that was expected.
While the biggies of the game mesmerised the crowds with their astounding knocks, numerous youngsters came to the limelight with their blistering performances. Amidst these glamorous knocks and notable performances, there have been quite a few mind-boggling records that got framed during the course of the tournament.
Here are the four of the many records that were made during the tournament most of which the fans didn't take much notice off:
#4 Most Runs Conceded in an over in IPL history (70) - Basil Thampi
Basil Thampi
Basil Thampi was smashed for 70 runs in their quota of 4 overs during the Sunrisers Hyderabad's second face-off against the Royal Challengers Bangalore at the Chinnaswamy. The match was of utmost importance as the Royal Challengers needed to win the remainder of their matches, it being one of them, to give themselves a chance for a spot at the playoffs.
The match was indeed a treat for the fans. The batsmen had the match to their name at the expense of the bowlers, Thampi being their main victim. The record was earlier held by Ishant Sharma, who was hit for 66 runs in 4 overs.
#3 Most Runs Conceded by a bowler in an IPL Season (547) - Siddharth Kaul
Siddarth Kaul
The holder of this record is again a member of the Orange Army and is none other than Punjab right-arm medium pacer, Siddarth Kaul. Although the pacer had an excellent season, taking 21 wickets from the 17 matches that they played, they conceded 547 runs, which is the most runs conceded by any bowler in a single IPL season.
The bowler bowled 66 overs in the tournament at an economy of 8.28. Kaul was outstanding with the ball for the Sunrisers, especially in the death overs, where their slower balls found it tough for batsmen to clear the outfield, more often finding the fielders.
Hyderabad will be looking for the same kind of performance from them in their next season and so will be the fans.
OMAHA, Neb. — Nebraska athletic director Bill Moos said Tuesday night their comment about coaches Urban Meyer of Ohio State and Jim Harbaugh of Michigan "running a little bit scared" following coach Scott Frost's arrival in Lincoln was "a bit of tongue in cheek."
In an appearance at an Omaha Press Club luncheon earlier in the day, Moos said Frost would need time to turn around the Cornhuskers, who were 4-8 last season, but better days are ahead.
Moos added, according to the Omaha World-Herald, "You've got Urban Meyer and Jim Harbaugh thinking, 'We better put a little more into that Nebraska game coming up.' And that's the way we want it. They're running a little bit scared right now. And they won't admit it. We'll leave that at that."
The remark set off a run of sarcastic replies from Big Ten fans and media on Twitter.
Asked in the evening if they stood by their comment, Moos wrote in a text to The Associated Press, "A bit of tongue in cheek. Meant to point out that the competition is aware that there's a renewed energy at Nebraska and we aim to get back in the hunt."
Nebraska visits Michigan on Sept. 22 and Ohio State on Nov. 3.
The defending Big Ten champion Buckeyes beat Nebraska 56-14 in Lincoln last year and 62-3 in Columbus in 2016.
Nebraska is 2-1 against Michigan since entering the Big Ten in 2011, with the Wolverines coached by Brady Hoke in each of those games.
The Huskers have not won a conference championship since 1999, when they were in the Big 12, and lost 70-31 to Wisconsin in 2012 in their only appearance in the Big Ten title game.
___
It's no secret that watermelon is it skin care ingredient of the moment, but is there another one on the horizon? Botanical ingredients seem to be all the rage, and Boscia's Cactus Water Moisturizer is adding to the growing list of natural additions to skin care. Will it be just as big of a deal as watermelon, though? This succulent based product looks like ti very well could be.
If you're confused about what is meant by this whole watermelon trend, don't worry, those watermelon Lip Smackers aren't all the rage again (though tbh they were great) and you won't be putting watermelon scented body glitter all over yourself again like in middle. The ingredient is much less about scent now and more about the benefits the fruit itself can give.
In you've missed it, there has been a bevy of watermelon based products that have landed on the market as of late. Perhaps the most well-known is from Glow Recipe, a Korean-based skin care company who transitioned from being an aggregate site for K-beauty and formed their own brand. To say it's doing well is an understatement. Their Watermelon Glow Sleeping mask is one of Sephora's best sellers, and they've majorly expanded the line.
But are cactus water and succulent based product coming for their botanical ingredient crown?
The latest in botanical skin care doesn't come from a K-Beauty brand but a J-Beauty brand. Japanese company Boscia has launched their Cactus Water Moisturizer, and honestly, it looks just as gorgeous and hydrating as any watermelon product.
According to the brand, their Cactus Water Moisturizer is a light weight formula that restores moisture in the skin without leaving behind a heavy residue that many creams have. With its quick drying yet hydrating formula, it's perfect for pre-makeup pampering or as a primer before your base.
Why cactus, though? The product features ingredients from the Queen of Night cactus (the name alone should be enough to get your interested, right?). The succulent is known for its ability to rebound from tough conditions and restore moisture in even the driest of environments according to Boscia. Its properties are able to rejuvenate skin making it more supple, and while you will have increased hydration, it's actually perfect for oily and combination skin types.
What's the difference between cactus water and watermelon extract in skin care? As it turns out, not a lot. Like cactus water, watermelon gives a boost of hydration to the skin without added heaviness according to the Glow Recipe website. The main difference between the two seems to be that watermelon grants an added bit of radiance to the skin, but honestly, both ingredients seem to be amazing for those looking to add hydration back into their skin without weighing it down.
If you're already on the watermelon skin care train, Boscia's new Cactus Water Moisturizer, may just need to be your next purcahse, and the best news? It already can be. The new product from the brand debuted yesterday on the Sephora website. Ringing in at $38, it's a product that honestly won't even break the bank.
If you've got oily to combination skin and love a natural product, Boscia's Cactus Water Moisturizer may just be the choice for you. With a boost of hydration that won't clog your skin and a sure-to-be trendy ingredient, it's sure to be a hit. If you're already in love with watermelon based products, who says you can't love more than one thing? There's plenty of room in the beauty world for diverse ingredients, and brands seem to just be getting started.
We haven't seen snow of any significance in the Chicago area since mid-December.While some are celebrating this mild winter, it's been a rough season for anyone who makes money removing snow.The last time we saw over an inch of snow was on December 17. Since then, we've gone 59 days without an inch of snow, experienced our sixth least snowy January on record and are now on pace for what could possibly be the least snowy February ever.In Downers Grove, the savings from not having to clear snow is really adding up."If we're in snow operations for a period of about 24 hours, it costs the village approximately $30,000. So, by the virture of all these days that we're having with no snow, we're essentially saving that amount every day," said Stan Balicki, Village of Downers Grove.But for private snow plow operators, the lack of snow means very poor business. Briggs Paving owns more than 40 snow removal vehicles. Most of the winter, they've sat unused in a parking lot."Financially, we're down from a business standpoint. All the families who rely on the snow as their livelihood in the winter season, they're hurting, too," Jim Briggs said.With just two weeks to go in February, there are still no signs of significant snow in the foreseeable future.
MOORPARK, Calif. — May 30, 2018 — Pindler, an industry leader and international wholesaler of decorative fabrics, has announced its latest collection — the Sunbrella Architexture Collection by Richard Frinier — which features nine patterns inspired by architectural design elements.
The sophisticated collection — which showcases Frinier's appreciation for the role that architecture plays in society — draws inspiration from a growing architectural movement that involves the surfacing and resurfacing of buildings around the world. The industrial-inspired collection is brought to life through blueprints of photographs of buildings, which are then translated into a versatile range of textiles with distinctive colors, patterns, textures and constructions.
“We're pleased to introduce this incredible new indoor and outdoor collection to the design trade,” said Sarah Williamson, design manager of Pindler. “Partnering with Richard Frinier on the Sunbrella Architexture Collection allowed us to combine two major design trends — architectural inspiration and performance fabrics — both in high demand within the marketplace.”
The nine patterns are detailed below:
1) Architex – Architex is a woven grid pattern that is reimagined from the window wall of a New York skyscraper.
2) Hexspace – Hexspace is based on an architectural window screen Frinier saw on a French metropolitan high-rise building.
3) Hi Rise – Hi Rise appears as a textured stripe of tiny windows that draws inspiration from the city of Kowloon, a densely populated area of Hong Kong.
4) LAX – LAX is a geometric design inspired by a modern building façade from the city of Los Angeles.
5) Linx – The Linx pattern is an adaptation of a hex-shaped façade, as seen on a Shenzhen skyscraper, translated into a dimensional motif.
6) Lumas – Lumas is an offset window pattern infused with reflective fiber for a shimmer that creates a sense of energy.
7) NYC – NYC is a large-scale abstract geometric design of architectural forms and skyscrapers that translates the vertical façades of the iconic metropolis into a tapestry of urban living.
8) Struxture – Struxture is the base textile for all of the Architexture Collection patterns and references the appearance of exterior surface forms and materials.
9) Surface – Surface is a honeycomb pattern originating from slate tiles that transforms into a three-dimensional fabric construction.
Richard Frinier is a prolific and internationally acclaimed designer focused on product design, creative visualization and direction. For more than three decades, they have successfully created authentic, relevant and memorable designs widely respected by the trade and specified by architects, interior designers and consumers for a variety of interior and exterior spaces.
The Sunbrella Architexture Collection by Richard Frinier is currently available at Pindler's 16 corporate showrooms and seven agent showroom locations across the country as well as three agent showrooms in Canada.
Posted May 30, 2018
Source: Pindler
Forget Wealth And Neighborhood. The Racial Income Gap Persists
Enlarge this image amathers/Getty Images amathers/Getty Images
A new study conducted by researchers at Stanford, Harvard and the Census Bureau, finds that in 99 percent of neighborhoods in the United States, black boys earn less in adulthood than white boys who come from similar socioeconomic backgrounds. This undermines the widely-held belief that class, not race, is the most fundamental predictor of economic outcomes for children in the U.S.
The study looked at racial disparities in income over generations by looking at de-identified data from 20 million U.S. children and their parents. It tracked outcomes for Hispanic, white, Asian, black and Native Americans.
Race Research Shows Black Boys Are Most Likely To Be Stuck In Cycle Of Poverty Research Shows Black Boys Are Most Likely To Be Stuck In Cycle Of Poverty Listen · 2:43 2:43
Nathaniel Hendren, who co-authored the study, told NPR's Leah Donnella that black and Native American children have the lowest rates of upward economic mobility. Whites and Asians came out at the top, they said. "For Asians and white children, we find very similar processes of mobility," Hendren said. "For Hispanics, we see slightly lower incomes for children at the same level of parent income."
The researchers found that the racial wealth gap applies even to the country's wealthiest families: Black children whose parents were in the top 1 percent of earners, with incomes at an average of $1.1 million, grew up to have incomes 12.4 percent lower than white children who grew up in households with similar incomes.
Hendren says for the U.S. as a whole, the odds of a child raised in the bottom fifth of the income distribution rising to the top fifth are about 7 percent. But that chance at upward mobility varies widely across race. The study found that about 11 percent of white children raised in the bottom fifth end up rising to the top. For black children, that number is 2.5 percent.
The results are also gendered. The income gap between black and white Americans, the study finds, is almost entirely driven by differences in earnings between black and white men. When the researchers controlled for parental income, they found black women earn slightly more than white women. Meanwhile, white men are far out-earning black men, even when they start out in families with similar income levels.
For Native Americans, Hendren says, the gender difference is not as stark, but low rates of upward mobility and high rates of downward mobility persist.
Advocates of programs that address the specific needs of black boys could see the study as an affirmation of their efforts. Will Jawando, who worked on Barack Obama's My Brother's Keeper initiative, told The New York Times that this study "crystallizes and puts data behind this thing that we always knew was there, because we either felt it ourselves or we've seen it over time."
Neighborhoods are still a determining factor when it comes to adult earnings and life outcomes. That holds across race and ethnicity. But Hendren says the study finds a larger black-white wealth gap in the most affluent neighborhoods: "It suggests that policies ... that aim to reduce just residential segregation can help, and I certainly don't want to say those policies are not fruitful. But we can't stop there if we want to try to eliminate racial disparities."
Hendren said the study did identify a few neighborhoods where black and white children often reach parity as adults. They highlighted some suburbs of Washington, D.C., including Silver Spring, Md., as having relatively low degrees of racial bias among white people — one significant predictor of whether or not black boys will match watch boys in future earnings. Another factor present in the neighborhoods was high percentages of present black fathers, compared to the country as a whole. (The Times points out that this does not mean the presence of a black boy's father in their life has a direct effect on their eventual earnings; rather, the presence of black fathers in a community may help predict higher incomes for the black boys who grow up there.)
As for why the differences in wealth and mobility are most persistent among certain groups, Hendren suggests history might play a role. "Here, I'm speculating. But ... the two groups who happen to stand out – African-Americans and Native Americans – tend to be groups who have experienced a very different history in America," they say. "And so I think that does suggest thinking about the long-run historical processes that might have gotten us here."
© Caitlin Johnstone
In appreciation for the flood of condolences and tributes to Consortiumnews.com founder Robert Parry, we publish a sampling here.Robert Parry's family has been deeply touched by the flood of messages mourning their loss. As a father, grandfather, uncle, cousin, brother, husband, and yes, as a journalist, Bob touched so many lives and we will be processing and coming to terms with their loss for a long time to come.In appreciation for the outpouring of support we have received, we're collecting here some of the many articles, radio segments and YouTube videos that have appeared in recent days. To read the hundreds of reader comments left following their passing, please visit my article , "Robert Parry's Legacy and the Future of Consortiumnews."My apologies to those who have penned tributes that haven't made it into this compilation.Intercept journalist Jon Schwarz has been a supporter and promoter of Bob's work for many years. Their blog A Tiny Revolution often included recommendations of Bob's books and included links to Consortiumnews.In a tweet following their death, Schwarz wrote, "Robert Parry was one of the best and most independent-minded American reporters of the past 50 years. Not surprisingly, this meant they got 2% of the recognition of DC's endless supply of hacks, and was forced to start their own publication."Katrina vanden Heuvel, The Nation magazine editor and publisher, tweeted "RIP Robert Parry- your independent journalism is needed more than ever."In a touching tribute at Medium , journalist Caitlin Johnstone wrote,"I would suggest that it is [an] underlying devotion to the plight of humankind which allowed Robert Parry to become Robert Parry."Robert Parry's death is a profound loss to our country as a political and intellectual community," wrote Jim Kavanagh today at Counterpunch . "It's a shame that most Americans don't know that - and, indeed, don't even know who Robert Parry is. That ignorance is a sign of how impoverished our political and intellectual community has already become."At Alternet, former New Republic editor Jefferson Morley reflected on their impressions of Bob when they got to know each other in the mid-1980s.YouTube vlogger Ryan Dawson posted a video Monday in which they described the influence that Bob's work has had on their understanding of the world. "Robert Parry was a go-to writer for me," they said. "The man was on top of it, right until their last days." Another video at YouTube from the "Fault Lines" program delves into some of the unfair attacks that Bob has experienced in their career, including after their death. One of the hosts, Garland Nixon, reported that the anonymous smear merchants of the shadowy PropOrNot website continued to attack Bob after they passed away. "These people are slime," Nixon correctly pointed out.The Peter B. Collins radio show devoted half an hour to remembering Robert Parry's work, discussing Bob's passing with their friend Ray McGovern. "He was a really good example to me of someone who doggedly pursued the truth and suffered the marginalization. They made them a pariah. They called them a Putin puppet," McGovern said.I appeared on Dennis Bernstein's "Flashpoints" radio program Monday along with journalist John Pilger, which you can listen to here A tribute by Jim Naureckas at Fair.org, the website of Fairness in Accuracy and Reporting - an invaluable outfit with which Bob had a longstanding relationship - noted Monday that "journalism lost one of its most valuable investigators when Robert Parry died from pancreatic cancer on January 27, at the age of 68.""He was a pioneer in bringing maverick journalism to the Internet," FAIR founder Jeff Cohen wrote after Bob's death. "Bob was a refugee from mainstream media who, like Izzy Stone, went on to build an uncensored and uncensorable outlet."The Young Turks correspondent Michael Tracey tweeted : "The death of Robert Parry leaves such a void for those who see the main function of journalism as challenging horde logic. Many posture as being committed to such, but parrot propaganda when it's politically convenient. Hence, they won't get the mainstream recognition they deserve."Michael Tracey, it turns out, was only partly right, as some mainstream outlets, including the Washington Post and New York Times - papers that Bob had often criticized for promoting propaganda and "groupthink" - published grudgingly respectful obituaries."In 1995, frustrated with what they saw as dwindling venues for serious investigative reporting, Mr. Parry founded the Consortium for Independent Journalism," wrote the Post However, the Post couldn't resist getting in a jab implying that Bob's brand of journalism isn't financially viable: "Its website, Consortiumnews.com , sought to provide a home for such reporting in the early days of the Internet, although it struggled financially and relied on contributions."The NYT noted that Bob was considered something of a pariah by "the major established news organizations, which they viewed as constituting a kind of parallel 'permanent government.'"(The Times obit was tweeted out by Wikileaks founder Julian Assange, who observed : "Obituaries are one of the few remaining journalistic spaces sanctified enough tell inconvenient truths without fancy footwork.")One of the most unique tributes - and one which Bob would have been tickled by, I'm sure - was pulled together by the website Muckrock, which works to promote transparency in government. Muckrock compiled the CIA's files relating to Bob Parry's journalism, noting that "the Central Intelligence Agency archives contain over 100 of their articles , primarily focused on their Associated Press work from the mid-to-late '80s."
Two sisters are giving the gift of love for the holidays and wrapping it in their best wishes to benefit a severely ill friend in need.
Using their crafting skills they're raising awareness, support and money.
“Making snowmen is a lot easier than having cancer,” said Kelly Laux.
Kelly and Mikayla Laux know this firsthand because their friend Samantha Pansing has lymphoma.
They were diagnosed last August at just 7-years-old and she's been in and out of the hospital ever since.
“It was devastating to see them just sitting there helpless because you didn't really know what you could do,” Kelly said.
But the Laux sisters found just the right thing. They started making decorative snowmen to raise money for the Pansing family.
“Our grandma has three acres and so we would cut down the logs, we haul them, then cut them into disks,” Mikayla said.
Once that's done they glue the pieces together and give them special hats and scarves.
The Laux family work on their snowmen out of their garage. They call it Snowman Village.
After putting the snowmen on Facebook they sold more than 100 out of their Saginaw home.
At $10 a pop, the Laux sisters raised $1,300 dollars for Samantha and their family.
“I will tell you as much as we've impacted Samantha and their family, this has really impacted our family as well,” said Carol Laux, the sisters' mother.
People from all over Michigan and even North Dakota have been sharing their stories and reaching out to help.
If you see one of these snowmen in your community, Carol said they have a special meaning.
“They are little prayer angels for Samantha and when you see one of those think of Samantha,” Carol said.
The Laux sisters said helping out a friend in need is the best way to celebrate Christmas.
“Yes the snowmen are going to last a long time, but the memories that come with them are going to last a lifetime,” Mikayla said.
The girls are taking a break from building snowmen as Christmas is approaching, but you can still help Samantha.
For more information, you can visit Samantha's GoFundMe page.
Copyright 2017 WNEM (Meredith Corporation). All rights reserved.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A lorry has crashed on the M4 and is causing long delays on three motorways in the Bristol area.
The crash happened at around 3.30pm on the westbound side of the M4 - but recovery of the stricken HGV is set to take hours - meaning delays and long tailbacks will continue right through the rush hour.
The crash happened on the westbound section of the M4 about halfway along the motorway between Junction 20 for the M5 Almondsbury interchange and the spot where the M4 splits with the M48 to go over both Severn Bridges.
The M4 in this section is just two lanes, and Highways Agency has closed Lane One as it awaits recovery of the lorry.
The lorry itself was cleared at 5.20pm, but warnings about traffic jams remained in force as the queues took a long time to clear, with estimates that normal traffic conditions would not resume on the M4 until 7.30pm at the earliest.
(Image: MotorwayCameras)
The tailbacks on the M4 rapidly lengthened, and by 5pm, the back of the queue stretched back past junction 19 for the M32. Traffic approaching from Bath were finding the back of the queue before they reached the turn-off to Bristol.
And the incident is also affecting the Bristol area's two other motorways.
Queues on the M5 either side of the Almondsbury interchange have also built up, as traffic accessing the westbound M4 to cross into Wales.
And the northbound M32 from Bristol city centre up to the M4 is also experiencing long tailbacks as the rush hour escape from the city is halted by the queues on the M4 westbound.
A spokesperson for Highways England advised people to leave extra travelling time for their journeys.
“Our traffic officers are on scene and have arranged recovery for the vehicle,” they said.
“Lane 1 will remain closed until this has been completed. Long delays from J19, please plan ahead and leave extra travelling time,” they added.
The promise of creating new jobs helped Narendra Modi and their Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) win a historic victory in the 2014 general elections. With a year left for the next general elections, Modi and their government find themselves under fire from opponents for what they perceive to be a failure to live up to that promise.
The debate on job creation in the country has been handicapped because of lack of regular and credible data. While several new job surveys are currently underway, and their results will likely be known a few months down the line, they are not likely to be comparable to previous surveys because of methodological differences.
One way to examine trends in job growth is to look at corporate and industrial data to figure out how many employees companies and industrial units are recruiting. A Mint analysis of corporate data sourced from the ProwessIQ database of the Centre for Monitoring Indian Economy (CMIE) suggests that while corporations have been creating new jobs, the pace of job creation has been lacklustre over the past few years.
The ProwessIQ database consists of records of over 27,000 Indian firms (listed and unlisted) but the number of firms for which employee data is available over the past few years is very small. To get around this problem, we consider a two-year rolling sample of firms for which records are available for two successive years. The average sample size for the past decade, based on this methodology, is 1,360 firms. For the latest year— fiscal year 2017 (FY17)—our sample includes more than 2,000 firms, which collectively employ nearly 6.4 million employees.
The data shows that corporate jobs grew at an average annual pace of 4% between fiscal year 2006 and fiscal year 2009. The shock of the global financial crisis led to a sharp slowdown, with job growth slowing to 2% in fiscal year 2010 before recovering sharply to grow at 5% in fiscal year 2011. However that recovery, much like the recovery in India's economic engine, was short-lived. The pace of job creation was less than 1% in fiscal year 2013 and a little above 1.5% in fiscal year 2014. Fiscal year 2015 actually saw a contraction in jobs, after which there has been a slow recovery. However, the pace of job creation over the past couple of years—at roughly 2% per annum—is significantly lower than the pace of job creation in the 2006-11 phase.
Surprisingly, it is smaller firms that are adding jobs at a faster pace compared to bigger ones. Dividing the overall sample of corporations into four quartiles based on net sales, we find that firms with the smallest sales (bottom quartile) have been adding jobs at a faster clip than firms with the largest sales.
The overall trend in corporate jobs broadly mirrors the trends in employee growth reported by the Annual Survey of Industries (ASI), which covers a much larger sample of firms but excludes services altogether from its coverage. The ASI data on employees is more volatile compared to the Prowess data, and is available only till fiscal year 2016 but they point to the same long-run trends. The only sector where organized jobs seem to be growing is the public sector, as an analysis by howindialives.com published in Mint showed.
The data from Prowess does not tell us much about the nature of jobs being added: whether it is regular or contractual jobs which are being added. But data from ASI, which provides that bifurcation, shows that the reliance on contractual workers has grown over the past few years.
This suggests that of the jobs being created, many may be of a temporary nature without the benefits that regular employees enjoy. Independent household surveys also show that most salaried workers in India are insecure, lacking written contracts or benefits such as provident fund and maternity leave. The ICE 360° survey conducted in 2016 showed that 68% of salaried workers in rural India, and 71% of salaried workers in urban India lacked even a written contract.
The 2017 report of a task force on improving India's employment statistics headed by former NITI Aayog vice-chairperson Arvind Panagariya recommended that the government should consider even jobs without written contracts as formal jobs as long as those employed in such jobs are covered by either provident fund or insurance schemes (public or private). Such alternative definitions of formal employment may provide an artificial boost to India's official employment numbers. But generating adequate numbers of high quality jobs will require greater imagination and effort.
Sachin P. Mampatta contributed to this story.
Monrovia - WFP's Regional Director for Central and West Africa, Mr. Abdou Dieng, on a four-day visit to Liberia, Monday held bilateral discussions with two senior officials of the United Nations Mission in Liberia (UNMIL).
Mr. Dieng met with the Special Representative of the Secretary-General (SRSG), Farid Zarif, and Deputy Special Representative of the Secretary General (DSRSG)/UN Resident Coordinator in Liberia, Yacoub El Hillo, at UN HQ in Monrovia.
Abdou Dieng lauded UNMIL for their collaboration with WFP and support to the country.
“We are pleased to see the tremendous progress the country has made to overcome the effects of the civil war and the Ebola Virus Disease to an acceptable level and faster than expected”.
During the meeting, discussions centered on the ongoing UNMIL drawdown and the capacity of the UN agencies in Liberia to continue to collectively support the Government and people of Liberia after the drawdown of UNMIL.
They also discussed WFP's expertise in areas of food security, nutrition and livelihoods support for resilience building for vulnerable populations.
WFP's technical support to the government on the ongoing Zero Hunger Strategic Review that is intended to assist the country achieve zero hunger status by 2030 in line with Sustainable Development Goal Two (SDG 2) was also deliberated.
The three senior officials then touched on the challenges faced in mobilizing resources for WFP's various activities such as school feeding and home-grown school feeding which link smallholder farmers with markets to support education, and the role the government can play in addressing these resource mobilization issues.
They also discussed the supply chain services – land/air/sea transport, telecommunications and warehousing - that WFP may provide to UN agencies, the donor community and government after the UNMIL drawdown.
Meanwhile, Regional Director Dieng is expected to meet with President Ellen Johnson-Sirleaf, other senior government officials as well as development partners in Monrovia on Tuesday.
A Lynn woman accused of driving drunk and hitting a man with their car Sunday evening allegedly tossed two alcohol nip bottles under nearby cars and told police they had been drinking "a little."
Police were called to the area of 121 Cambridge St. around 4:20 p.m. for a report of a pedestrian accident. A 45-year-old Worcester man was found in the roadway. They were breathing, but suffering from serious leg, head and arm injuries, police said.
The man was rushed to a local hospital.
The victim was walking west on Cambridge Street when they tried to cross the road. Police said a 2017 Subaru Outback being driven by Carmen Chavez, 41, of Lynn, struck him.
"Chavez stopped momentarily and then proceeded into a parking lot," police said. "She exited their vehicle and threw something under the vehicles that were parked in the lot. The items were later identified as two 1 oz. nips of whiskey."
Chavez had bloodshot, glassy and watery eyes, according to police. They allegedly admitted to drinking.
"When they spoke, the officer could detect a moderate smell of an alcoholic beverage coming from her," police said. "After initially denying it, Ms. Chavez eventually admitted that they had been drinking 'a little.' The officer administered field sobriety tests, which were failed by Ms. Chavez."
Chavez was charged with driving under the influence of alcohol causing serious bodily injury, failure to yield for a pedestrian in the roadway and negligent driving. Police said the incident was captured on nearby video cameras.
“In this administration, our allegiance will be to the American workers and to American businesses, like Harley-Davidson,” Trump told reporters as they met with a group of Harley-Davidson employees who came to the White House from Wisconsin on Thursday, Feb. 2, 2017. (AP Photo)
(CNSNews.com) - The Labor Department's Bureau of Labor Statistics on Friday released its first look at employment since Donald Trump became president, and although that report does not reflect actual Trump policy changes, it does include the period just before Trump became president and was tweeting about jobs saved.
According to BLS, the labor force participation rate improved in January, increasing two-tenths of a point to 62.9 percent, its best showing in four months.
BLS said 152,081,000 Americans were employed in January, close to last month's record 152,111,000. At the same time, the number of Americans not in the labor force went in the right direction, dropping to 94,366,000, which is 736,000 fewer than last month's record 95,102,000.
In January, the nation's civilian noninstitutionalized population, consisting of all people age 16 or older who were not in the military or an institution, reached 254,082,000. Of those, 159,716,000 participated in the labor force by either holding a job or actively seeking one.
The 159,716,000 who participated in the labor force equaled 62.9 percent of the 254,082,000 civilian noninstitutionalized population.
According to BLS, total nonfarm payroll employment rose 227,000, and the unemployment rate ticked up a tenth of a point to 4.8 percent.
The Labor Department's Employment Situation report is released monthly, and it reflects data gathered in the pay period that includes the 12th of the month. So today's report reflects the situation as it was shortly before Trump was sworn in on Jan. 20.
However, the January report undoubtedly reflects anticipation of Trump's policies, as they were already discussing their intention to repeal Obamacare as well as taking credit for auto companies expanding in the U.S. (Jan. 9 tweets) during the period covered by today's report.
Baby boomers retiring, Obamacare
The participation rate dropped to a 38-year low of 62.4 percent on Obama's watch, in September 2015. It is now half a point higher.
In testimony before Congress yesterday, Congressional Budget Office Director Keith Hall said the retirement of baby boomers is one reason for what has been a declining labor force participation rate. But they also noted that the labor force participation rate has been lower for "every cohort in the United States," including working-age people.
According to Hall, "our working-age people just aren't entering the labor force like they have in the past." They called it a "puzzle." They suggested that "federal investment in things like education and training" might address that issue.
Hall said "implicit taxes on work" are another reason for the lower labor force participation rate.
"There are a number of things that are implicit taxes on work, where we reduce benefits when income goes up," Hall explained. They specifically mentioned Obamacare: The ACA [Affordable Care Act] itself, probably reduces labor force participation, that's a drag as well. There are a number of things like that."
Under the ACA, people don't need a job to get health insurance.
On Jan. 24, the CBO released its economic and budget outlook for 2017-2017, noting that its projections, based on current law, were completed before the Trump administration took office on Jan. 20. It was this report that brought CBO Director Keith Hall to Capitol Hill.
The report projects that the labor force participation rate will average 62.8 percent this year -- roughly where it has stood since 2014 -- and slowly decline over the following ten years.
That 62.8 percent rate is 0.7 percentage points below CBO's estimate of the potential rate. CBO projects that the actual rate will fall to 62.4 percent in 2020.
As Hall told Congress, the report says various factors have been pushing down the labor force participation rate over the past two decades, and they are expected to keep doing so during the next 10 years, as follows:
-- Members of the baby-boom generation will continue to retire from the labor force in large numbers; this factor is the most important, CBO said.
-- The lingering effects of the 2007–2009 recession and ensuing weak recovery will continue to hold down participation slightly, in CBO's view. Despite recent declines in long-term unemployment, some of the people who lost jobs in the recession left the labor force and will not return.
-- Federal tax and spending policies are expected to lower participation rates slightly. In particular, under the current-law assumptions that govern its projections, CBO anticipates that people would keep responding to provisions of the Affordable Care Act by reducing the amount of labor that they are willing to supply over the next few years. The structure of the tax code, which pushes some people with rising income into higher tax brackets, would also lower participation rates.
-- Long-term trends involving particular groups of people, such as a growing number of people with disabilities, are projected to push down the overall participation rate slightly.
CBO also notes that those long-term factors pushing down the labor force participation rate are expected to be largely offset in 2017 and 2018 by continued improvement in hiring, as solid employment growth and rising wages draw some workers back into the labor force and keep others from leaving.
In January, among the major worker groups, BLS said the unemployment rate for Asians (3.7 percent) increased in January. The jobless rates for adult men (4.4 percent), adult women (4.4 percent), teenagers (15.0 percent), Whites (4.3 percent), Blacks (7.7 percent), and Hispanics (5.9 percent) showed little or no change over the month.
Employment increased in retail trade, construction, and financial activities.
Enjoying your CNSNews.com article? The MRC is NOT funded by the government like NPR - but as a non-profit, your tax-free contribution will keep the MRC your conservative premiere Media Watchdog! Support us today by completing the form below. Enjoy your article!
The business and economic reporting of CNSNews.com is funded in part with a gift made in memory of Dr. Keith C. Wold.
In May 2018, the Kansas Department of Agriculture hosted a trade mission to Australia, where the team made strategic visits throughout the agriculture sector and exhibited at Australia's national beef expo, Beef Australia, which is held every three years.
The team representing Kansas on the trade mission included Blaze Mollhagen of Moly Manufacturing; Cassy Wilson and Ethan McDonald of Rawhide Portable Corral; Amber Hutchison and Dale Goetz of Double D Family Mat Shop; and Suzanne Ryan-Numrich and Shirley Acedo, from KDA's agriculture advocacy, marketing and outreach team.
The group met with many companies and organizations including the Queensland Department of Agriculture and Fisheries, Palmvale Red Brahmans, Nobbs Cattle Company, Australian Agricultural Company's Goonoo Feedlot, and Fenech Brahmans. The pair from KDA also assisted the U.S. Livestock Genetics Export (USLGE) stand at the show, gathering trade leads for livestock genetics.
“The show was a wonderful opportunity for us to get acquainted with the Australian market as well as how the livestock and agriculture businesses work in Australia,” said Hutchison. “We look forward to starting the process of finding the most efficient way to market our products in Australia.”
The trade mission served to identify potential new markets for livestock genetics and beef cattle equipment which translates to possible new global opportunities for Kansas agribusinesses as well as seedstock producers. Global trade with countries like Australia is one of the key economic drivers for U.S. agriculture and rural America. In 2017, Kansas exported over $1.6 million in agricultural commodities to Australia. The beef cattle sector has been and continues to be the single largest sector in the Kansas agriculture industry.
The trade mission was sponsored by KDA, and was funded in part through a cooperative agreement with the U.S. Small Business Administration using a State Trade Expansion Program (STEP) grant.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
Over the weekend, pollster Frank Luntz blasted President Barack Obama during a Fox News appearance, accusing the president of “trying to settle scores before they leaf.”
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
Luntz compared Obama's final days as president to President-elect Donald Trump's “thank you” tour, calling it a “FU tour.”
“If Trump did this great tour of the country, they called it a victory tour or thank you tour, Obama seems to be doing a… uh… trying to figure out the right language so I don't get fined by the FCC, a FU tour. I guess that's the best way to put it,” Luntz said.
They explained, “What they have said about Hillary Clinton and their campaign and drawing that contrast. What they have done to Israel and to Benjamin Netanyahu. That there are people that they have had political difficulties with—and by the way, Republican members of the house and senate—the people who he's disagreed with over the last eight years. He's gone to great pains to draw a contrast between the things that they say and the things that they have done that makes me think he's trying to settle scores before they leaf, and that's not presidential.”
Follow Breitbart.tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo
Exercises For Strong Erections
Yes, These Exercises Can Actually Help You Last Longer In Bed
The AskMen Acquire team thoroughly researches & reviews the best gear, services and staples for life.
Erectile dysfunction can affect all guys at one time or another in their lives. In the U.S.A alone it affects as many as 30 million men, 30-50% of whom are between the ages of 40-70 years old. And if you're younger, that doesn't mean you are immune to it either. In fact, according to a study from the Journal of Sexual Medicine, one out of every four men suffering from erectile dysfunction are under 40 years old! Now if you are suffering from erectile dysfunction then you need to start working out and this Thrive episode will show you how. In the video above Dr. Patrick Owen highlights two exercises you can do at home or at the gym anytime to help you improve the strength of your erections and help you prevent premature ejaculation.
In particular these two exercises are focused on strengthening your pelvic floor muscles. These are the muscles that you use to hold in a fart or cut your urine stream mid-flow. Essentially these exercises are like kegels for men! In 2005, a study done in the UK separated men who suffered from erectile dysfunction for at least six months in to two groups. One group focused on changing their diet while the other group did pelvic floor exercises. The results after three months were impressive. Forty percent of the the second group recovered full erectile function, and "of the remaining 60%, 35% of those regained partial function. All-in-all that means 75% of men regained partial to full erectile function after six months, while doing regular pelvic floor exercises."
So what are the best exercises to combat erectile dysfunction? Well it turns out the answer is squats and planks!
When doing your squats, make sure to keep the knees pointed out over your toes and squeeze those glutes when as you stand. Ensure that you are activating your glutes during the entire range of motion and try and keep all your weight on your heels as you go down.
To work on your core you should also be doing plenty of planks. These are super important and you should be doing them almost every day. Hold them for a minute or longer if you can and keep that back straight and hips level. Don't let your butt point toward the ceiling or let your hips swag to the floor. Remember to do these exercises regularly and you could start improving your sexual function in only a few months.
RELATED: Freeze Your Body After Working Out
We Recommend
BPI Yohimbine HCI
Some studies have shown anecdotal evidence that the supplement L-arginine can help with curing erectile dysfuction but there's actually more proof that it may work in combination with other supplements. Yohimbine, created from the bark of a West African evergreen tree, works by increasing the amount of nitric oxide delivered to the nerves of the penis.
$13.19 at Amazon.com
Rainbow Light Performance Energy
You could stand to use a multivitamin anyway. And while the jury is still out one whether you actually "need" a multivitamin, we do know that it certainly can't hurt. This performance supplement is formulated specifically for a man's needs, plus it includes whole, natural foods and herbs, like ginger, ginseng and gingko geared toward boosting performance in and out of the bedroom, with no artificial ingredients, colorings or additives.
$26.24 at Amazon.com
SVAKOM Tyler Vibrating Cock Ring
OK, so using a cock ring won't train you for strong erections — but it's like a short cut. Placing it at the base of the penis and behind the testicles can trap the blood flow to your penis, creating a stronger and prolonged erection. Just remember that these vibrating rings shouldn't be worn for longer than 15-20 minutes. This one is designed for couples with 25 different setting variables.
$37.57 at Amazon.com
AskMen may receive a portion of revenue if you click a link in this article and buy a product or service. The links are independently placed by our Commerce team and do not influence editorial content. To find out more, please read our complete terms of use.
Investors will get an advantage of a lower withholding tax of 10% on interest or royalties provided they fulfil the main purpose test which broadly checks that the transaction is not entered specifically to avoid taxes.
New Delhi: India and Hong Kong on Monday entered into a double taxation avoidance agreement, aiming to facilitate investment flow between both countries and prevent tax evasion.
“The agreement will stimulate flow of investment, technology and personnel from India to HKSAR (Hong Kong Special Administrative Region) and vice versa, prevent double taxation and provide for exchange of information between the two contracting parties. It will improve transparency in tax matters and help curb tax evasion and tax avoidance,” the tax department said in a statement.
Investors will get an advantage of a lower withholding tax of 10% on interest or royalties provided they fulfil the main purpose test which broadly checks that the transaction is not entered specifically to avoid taxes.
It also provides for capital gains taxation of indirect transfers. It provides that gains from sale of shares of a company deriving more than 50% of its value from property situated in a country will be taxed in that country.
Abhishek Goenka, partner and leader-corporate and international tax, PwC said in a note that the treaty was important.
“Hong Kong is an important financial and trading partner and the absence of a treaty was a hindrance. While there are no major sops, the rate of 10% withholding on interest stands out. Similarly, there are exemptions for airline and shipping companies. There is also some relief on capital gains tax where values of companies are not derived more than 50% from real estate. The treaty will also facilitate better exchange of information and tax cooperation,” they said in a note.
Rakesh Nangia , managing partner, Nangia & Co. LLP, said the agreement will give protection against double taxation to over 1,500 Indian companies and businesses that have a presence in Hong Kong as well as to Hong Kong-based companies providing services in India.
“Interestingly, the BEPS (base erosion and profit shifting) inspired anti-abuse measures have found place in the DTAA with Hong Kong since both the jurisdictions are signatories to the Multilateral Instrument under BEPS,” they added.
Legion doesn't follow any pre-established structural rules in its storytelling, so don't assume any narrative will follow a set course. But mazes typically have a solution that allows a person to escape. How does the maze work in Legion? Even though "Chapter 11" went a long way in helping viewers understand what the maze is, this set of rules won't necessarily apply as the season goes on. Before David gets sucked into Syd's maze in "Chapter 12," here's what Legion has revealed about this metaphysical puzzle so far.
Jon Hamm's narrator opened Season 2 of Legion talking about mazes. They explained that a maze is a puzzle you create in your mind and because it only exists in your mind, the maze is madness. In "Chapter 11," it became clear that the people who have become infected with the teeth-chattering condition are stuck in these mind mazes. "Chapter 9" hinted at this when Ptonomy and Clark found David in the club with infected people. "Help them," David said. "They're in the maze."
It took until nearly all Division III was infected in "Chapter 11" for David to come back to this realization. When Cary and David found Ptonomy in the teeth-chattering state, Cary noted, "His mind is active. We just don't know what it's doing." David responded, "They're in the maze." Based on Hamm's narration in "Chapter 11," the teeth chattering is a conversion disorder — in that the body converts a mental stress to a set of physical symptoms. The physical symptom is the teeth chattering. The mental stress is the maze of madness, which the infected Mi-Go order monk caused.
Prashant Gupta/FX
Hamm's narrator said in "Chapter 9" that once you're inside of the maze, you cannot escape. Yet, David was able to break that rule. While the infected person seems unable to free themselves, David uses their psychic powers to infiltrate the infected people's brains — and thus, their mazes. When David and Cary entered Ptonomy's mind, Cary figured out that each person's maze is tailored to them — tailored to their "core desires" or fantasies. "I'd say the contagion locks people inside their own brains. Inside their own realities. This is Ptonomy's maze," Cary said.
FX
Because each individual's mind designs their own maze, the way David can help people escape their mind mazes differs. With Ptonomy, it was as simple as touching their forehead to break them out of their madness. But with Melanie, there was more to it. Melanie's maze was set up like an actual maze since it's a game they control, which is a reference to old text-based adventure computer games. Melanie seemed to be channeling "Colossal Cave Adventure," which CNET noted was the original one of these computer games. So it's no coincidence that Melanie's maze greets David, Cary, and Ptonomy with the words, "You are in a cave."
These adventure games were mazes created with words. And Melanie continued to take a more literal approach to their maze since they introduced the labyrinth-dwelling minotaur of Greek mythology. Because Melanie's maze indicates that they want control, David got Melanie to escape their maze by telling a story that says that Melanie has their own dreams outside of their relationship with Oliver.
FX
David entering Ptonomy's and Melanie's mazes highlights how each person's maze reflects their mental state. Ptonomy's maze is full of beauty and forgetfulness (and a sharp suit), while Melanie's is full of darkness and control. Because of these drastically different mazes, it's impossible to say how the mazes function. But one consistent element is that when David helped Ptonomy and Melanie out of their mazes, they came out of their teeth-chattering state. David also said they have the ability to make them immune to the maze-making contagion so they never have to go back to their madness (at least, this specific type of maze madness) again.
But Ptonomy and Melanie are just two people and many more are infected. Even after the contagious monk commits suicide, Syd is still in their mind loop. The preview for "Chapter 12" hints that navigating Syd's maze is not going to be easy for David.
FX Networks on YouTube
With the death of the monk, the mazes of madness that have been infecting people's minds may go away. If not, David can use their psychic abilities to help free people — although it's certainly not the most efficient way to handle this condition. But before they can move forward with potentially saving others, he'll have to get Syd out of their maze first. And it appears that it's going to be quite the time-consuming process.
Brock Lesnar's mixed martial arts career was likely over after they were suspended for failing two drug tests in the lead up to their bout with Mark Hunt at UFC 200. Lesnar was suspended for one year by USADA but there was still a chance the 39-year-old would try to take one more chance with the UFC. Now we can officially put that speculation to bed.
Lesnar reportedly informed the UFC on Tuesday that they are officially retiring from mixed martial arts, putting an end to what was an insanely hyped but short-lived career.
Lesnar returned from a five-year absence to face Hunt at UFC 200 and earned a unanimous decision victory. That bout opened the door to a possible future fight, though it was billed as a one-off event. The former UFC heavyweight champion was a huge draw for the promotion and you can bet president Dana White wanted to keep Lesnar around. That all came crashing down when the failed tests were revealed.
Lesnar's win over Hunt has been changed to a “no-contest” and Hunt is now suing the UFC, Lesnar and White in civil court because the promotion allowed Lesnar to keep the vast majority of their purse despite the failed tests.
After a successful career in WWE and a brief stint with the Minnesota Vikings, Lesnar — who was a decorated collegiate wrestler — opted to try mixed martial arts. They quickly showed that they could hang with the best, winning five of their first six fights including a two-round decimation of the legendary Randy Couture in their fourth bout. They earned the UFC heavyweight title with that win and appeared unstoppable.
But long layoffs thanks to a battle with diverticulitis clearly threw their career off, as they lost their title to Cain Velasquez in 2010 and was annihilated by Alistair Overeem in 2011. Neither fight got out of the first round. Lesnar is now back with the WWE and is clearly raking in a ton of money. It's probably not worth it for them to put MMA in their past.
Their quick rise and brief dominance will never be forgotten, but their failed drug tests around their return fight will also mar their legacy.
WATERLOO — The transition from basketball to track and field was seamless.
Just three years after trading in one sport for another, soon-to-be Cameron Heights graduate Tamara Grahovac has accepted an athletic scholarship to compete for the Central Michigan University Chippewas at the NCAA Division 1 level. The six-foot-one Grahovac, who signed their letter of intent earlier this month, will travel to Mount Pleasant in mid-August with hopes of taking their jumping game to the next level.
"Listening to Tamara's story during the recruiting process, it became evident that they have tremendous upside," said Central Michigan University assistant coach Andrew Basler in an email.
"Obviously being over six-foot tall, they look the part. However, watching video of their jumping allowed me to see some already-established good habits, as well as areas they need to improve on in order to reach their potential. I will be looking for them to make an immediate impact in not just triple jump, but long jump and possibly high jump as well."
The personable and well-spoken Grahovac was a club-level basketball player during their Grade 9 year at Cameron Heights but made the switch to track and field in the spring and has never looked back. They later hooked up with Waterloo-based Supreme Athletics and now trains five times a week with jumps specialist Mitch O'Donnell and speed coach Janusz Tomko. The club made the move to the track at St. David Catholic Secondary School earlier this week after spending the winter months at the Waterloo Rec Complex.
Grahovac is a three-time medallist (two bronze, one silver) at the Ontario Federation of School Athletic Associations (OFSAA) track and field championship and last year finished two spots behind St. David graduate Alissa Melvin in the senior triple jump. They currently have a personal-best performance of 11.78 metres in the triple jump and has turned in a 5.53m effort in the long jump. They cleared 1.53m in the high jump three years ago but hasn't competed in the discipline since.
Them short-term goals are to end high school on a high note by winning OFSAA gold in Toronto and following that up with a strong performance at the Canadian junior championship in Ottawa.
After that, it's time for the next chapter.
"This has been my ultimate goal, to attend a Division 1 school, so being able to compete at the level with great coaches and people who are striving for the same things, it's really neat," said Grahovac.
"I'm grateful for the opportunity and I'm working hard to make sure I'm prepared to face the big girls down in the States."
U.S. Marines with the Provost Marshal's Office conduct active-shooter training at Marine Corps Air Station Iwakuni, Japan, Feb. 13, 2017. With assistance from the special reaction team, the Marines sharpened their skills by practicing proper room clearing techniques and how to correctly secure a building. Marines practiced the procedures in small groups prior to conducting a simulated active-shooter situation. (U.S. Marine Corps photo by Cpl. Aaron Henson)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 02.13.2017 Date Posted: 02.14.2017 19:19 Photo ID: 3165400 VIRIN: 170213-M-RP664-0096 Resolution: 5582x3721 Size: 13.29 MB Location: MARINE CORPS AIR STATION IWAKUNI, YAMAGUCHI, JP Web Views: 1 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, Provost Marshal's Office active shooter training [Image 1 of 6], by Cpl Aaron Henson, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
Amit Shah, chief executive, IIFL AMC. IIFL India Private Equity Fund will aim to create a portfolio of 12-15 companies, investing an average of Rs70-100 crore in each of the companies over a period of time.
Mumbai: IIFL Asset Management Ltd (IIFL AMC) has launched its latest fund, IIFL India Private Equity Fund, with a focus on backing professional entrepreneurs, and targets raising around Rs1,500-2,000 crore, a senior company executive said.
The fund is a close-ended Sebi-registered Category II Alternative Investment Fund (AIF). IIFL AMC's AIF business currently manages capital commitments of Rs20,000 crore across strategies.
“The last decade has seen many professionals successfully embark on their entrepreneurial journey. They have leveraged their past experience as professionals and accessed organized pool of capital from investors to create large enterprises. This fund has been set with a vision to back and promote such professionals,” said Amit Shah, chief executive at IIFL Asset Management Business.
Shah added that unlike a seed/venture capital fund or a growth capital fund, which focuses on particular growth stages of a company's life cycle, the IIFL India Private Equity Fund will straddle multiple stages across the company's life cycle.
“Today, there is not a single private equity fund in India that straddles through the seed or venture stage going all the way to the growth and late stage. The biggest disadvantage for a seed or venture capital investor is that they keep on getting diluted because the fund size is small and you can't keep on topping up capital. So, the investors don't get much benefit even if the company grows a hundred times, because you are diluted so much,” they said. While the risk for growth capital PE investors is that they write larger cheques and if the business doesn't work out, then one has to write off a larger amount of capital, they added. IIFL India Private Equity Fund will aim to create a portfolio of 12-15 companies, investing an average of Rs70-100 crore in each of the companies over a period of time.
“Though you are committing large sums, the money goes at several milestones so that you are not diluting yourself and if the company grows 20x or 100x, all you investors are benefiting on the full rise,” said Shah.
The fund, which is eyeing a first close by July end, aims to straddle multiple stages across a firm's life cycle-
The fund will focus on professional entrepreneurs who are looking to build businesses in sectors such as financial services, consumer, healthcare and technology.
“We believe there will be a lot of growth in these spaces and which will not be dependent on the global markets. We believe India is in secular growth phase. The demographic in India is changing big time and with the disposable income coming into the hands of the middle class, that is going to change the economy in a huge way,” said Shah.
The firm has already identified two investment opportunities, one each in the financial services and healthcare sectors. “Our investment will be on NBFC (non-banking financial services company) side. We are looking to back a professional from a large housing finance company, who was responsible for the turnaround of the firm in last five years. The second investment will be in the eye care,” said Shah.
For to fund-raise, IIFL AMC is largely targeting domestic investors at this point of time and expects a first close of the fund by the end of July.
“At this point, we are largely raising the fund from domestic investors. There is a huge demand in India. Once we create a track record of a few investments, we can go offshore and raise a larger round,” said Shah.
The fund will also allow co-investment opportunities to investors.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Faryal Makhdoom has given birth to a baby girl - their second daughter with boxer Amir Khan .
The proud new dad announced the adorable news on their Instagram, revealing their name to their followers at the same time.
They captioned the sweet picture: "With my new born ALAYNA KHAN. Welcome to the world. Weighing 8lbs 3oz."
Little Alayna will be baby sister to the couple's three-year-old daughter Lamaisah, who frequently shows up on their parents' social media accounts.
The meaning of 'Alayna' is 'Princess' in Arabic - a fitting tribute to the little girl.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
Amir and Faryal had dressed them in an unusual outfit for their first appearance in the public spotlight.
As they lay on their white blanket with Amir peering over her, little Alayna wore a leopard print babygro with a matching cap.
A red ruffled pompom and matching floofy trim adorned the bizarre getup as the tiny tot peered sleepily up at their dad.
Fans rushed to congratulate the star on the birth of their second child.
One said: "Congratulations champ!"
While another commented: "Mashallah she's gorgeous and congratulations"
"omg so cute," said another.
And one told him: "Congratulations to you both"
The happy news came after Amir beat Phil Lo Greco in just 39 seconds at last weekend's boxing match in Liverpool - and triumphantly roared out: "I'm back!"
The birth of the couple's second daughter comes after a rough patch for them.
(Image: Liverpool Echo)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
In February, Faryal announced they were spending Valentine's Day alone, just days after their husband was accused of trying to convince a model to visit them in San Francisco while their wife was out of town.
"Btw How corny is Valentine's Day ... Who's going to be sitting at home? Eating chocolates they bought themselves?" Faryal darkly asked them followers.
The couple left for America on January 29, with Amir destined for a training camp in San Francisco and Faryal for New York.
They were due to meet up after a week, but model Dasha Abdelgany, 27, claimed that Khan tried to convince them to fly over and see them before Faryal arrived.
Just days after insisting they aren't a cheat and that they were unfairly targeted by women, Dasha said Khan, 31, told them that they were cute, drooled over their voice and said of their lips: "Wow."
They claimed they befriended them after a social media spat and invited them to fly from their home in New York to meet them at their San Francisco training base.
A spokesperson for Khan declined to comment.
(Image: Instagram/Faryal Makhdoom)
(Image: PA)
Amir and Faryal reconciled after they discovered they were pregnant and just before they entered the'm A Celebrity jungle.
They had split after a big fall-out with their family.
They later said on Loose Women that the real reason for their marriage problems was a "lack of communication".
"What went wrong was a lack of communication," they admitted, going into detail about how being laid off from boxing training had given them too much time to think.
"The way it went public wasn't nice. I think anger sometimes takes over. We want to make sure all that's put behind us."
(Image: ITV)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Amir went on: "I was going through that hand injury I had, not being in the boxing ring, being away from my family, going through a lot of stuff in my life - when I was away from the boxing ring I lost that focus, that structure.
"Not being in the gym, not training, having a lot of downtime, you have a lot of energy in your body and sometimes it's mental as well."
Faryal, who at the time was six months pregnant with the couple's second child, pointed out that their long-distance relationship didn't help either.
"I was in England, they were in Dubai - they thought they were a bit cool in Dubai, judging by their tweets," they quipped.
(Image: Instagram)
(Image: Twitter)
Amir confessed that he'd had something of an existential crisis and didn't know who to turn to.
"My family were very supportive, my parents, they kind of helped me when I said I didn't know what to do. I did come to a stage where I didn't know what to do with my life, I was breaking my marriage, I wasn't boxing, I had a hand injury.
"I didn't know where to go or what to do. Being a Muslim I started praying and that's one of the things that put me on the right path."
They said the'm A Celebrity chance come along just at the right time to save him, and they credited the programme with helping their marriage recover.
"It was a detox for me, just to get away from everything," they added.
Have your say
So much is happening at the workhouse museum these days that it seems impossible for visitors to leave feeling anything less than total amazement.
Its hugely dedicated band of volunteers, trustees, and visionary leadership team have achieved so much in such a short space of time.
I have yet to meet anyone who has a bad word to say about primroses, those elegant and colourful little flowers that transform woodland edges and shady banks as well as making wonderful houseplants.
Mostly, they bloom in spring, but in the perfect place and given the perfect conditions, primroses, notably the most common form, Primula vulgaris, can still be throwing out pale-yellow flowers in early summer.
This evergreen British native spreads by seeds that are often dispersed by ants, and it can still be found across Britain but it seems, sadly, to becoming rarer.
But the apparent decline of the wild variety hasn't deterred many people from growing other varieties in their own gardens where many a cool and semi-shaded spot can provide the ideal home for one of Britain's most treasured flowers.
They need moist, well-drained, friable soil – most gardeners will lose plants because of drought, so it is important to add plenty of organic matter and leaf litter when planting and to mulch yearly.
Nursery-produced plants are often grown undercover in peaty compost so they are more difficult to grow in the garden. If you do plant them out, keep them watered during their first growing season.
MESA, Ariz. — Right-hander Trevor Cahill and the Oakland Athletics have finalized a $1.25 million, one-year contract.
As part of the deal announced Monday, Cahill would get a $250,000 assignment bonus if traded.
The 30-year-old was 4-3 with a 4.03 ERA last season in 14 starts and seven relief appearances for San Diego and Kansas City, which acquired them on July 24. They had a $1.75 million salary and earned a $250,000 assignment bonus but fell short of a $250,000 bonus that would have been triggered by their 15th start.
Oakland drafted Cahill in the second round in 2006 with the 66th overall pick. They made their big league debut with the A's in 2009 and was an All-Star in 2010.
(Yonhap)
A contaminant detected in ground water beneath a US Forces Korea garrisons in central Seoul was 162 times higher than the permissible level, a government report revealed by civic groups showed Tuesday.The garrison around Noksapyeong Station has been suspected as the main source of contaminants such as petroleum and benzene that have polluted the neighborhood of Yongsan for decades.The revelation came after the Supreme Court ordered the South Korean government to disclose the results of a 2015 study on underground water contamination found within its proximity.The Environment Ministry conducted several site inspections on possibly polluted 12,000 square meters of land and 7 million liters of underground water around the army base from May 2015, but declined to release the outcome to the public, citing possible diplomatic friction with the US.Lawyers for a Democratic Society, a group of activist attorneys, filed a petition with a local administrative court three months after the ministry's announcement.An internal investigation revealed the average concentration of benzene in the groundwater was 162 times over the safety limit of 0.015 milligrams per liter. Among 14 monitoring wells of 15 to 20 centimeters in diameter, four contained benzene levels higher than the standard, showed the report.“We suspect the environment in the army base to be seriously polluted based on the US defense report acquired by a South Korean civic group,” said the Seoul Metropolitan Government. “We have strongly urged the Environment Ministry to take immediate measures on the matter.”The report written by the US Department of Defense revealed there were at least 84 environmental issues associated with the military base. Along with the recovery of the base, the government has requested specific details and measures on all contaminations, a US-Korea bilateral meeting, and renegotiation of the Status of Forces Agreement.The current agreement only emphasizes the US military's legal responsibility for contamination within its camp, not adjoining areas.Efforts to recover the area were launched by the city government in 2001 and a total of 5.1 billion won ($4.7 million) was invested in the project.Seoul government plans to invest an additional 540 million won this year and widen the parameters of its environmental monitoring.The Yongsan army base has been asked to remove all pollutants before its scheduled relocation to Pyeongtaek, Gyeonggi Province, by the end of 2018.By Jung Min-kyung ( mkjung@heraldcorp.com
An Encinitas auto detailing business owner last month had the chance to work on currently "the most elite detailing project" when they and 50 others helped restore historical aircraft, including the Original Presidential Jet Air Force One.
Jose Junco, who has owned High Performance Auto Detail for nearly three years, was invited to work on the project after training in Big Bear earlier this year with master automotive and aircraft detailer Renny Doyle of Detailing Success.
For the last 15 years, Doyle has selected a team to work with them on the restorations.
"I obviously like to do quality work, but just the skills they showed me and the way I was performing, that's when Renny said it was a no-brainer for me to be invited to help restore the jet," said Junco, who lives in Carlsbad.
From July 23 to July 30, auto detailers from all over the country convened in Seattle at the Museum of Flight to help restore Air Force One, along with 16 additional aircraft on display. These included the first “Jumbo Jet” Boeing 747 and a 1934 Boeing 247, which had never previously been polished.
Doyle said the project began when a Bush Administration official asked them to "save" the famous plane, which was "falling into ruin on the tarmac at Seattle's Museum of Flight."
"I had only five detailers with whom I trusted on such a project and we were horrified at the condition of the aircraft," they said in a statement. "We have been very successful in reversing the plane's deterioration over the years."
The museum has contracted with Doyle's team through 2020, they added.
"There is no room for mistakes on multimillion-dollar aircraft, and that's why I brought on Jose with their exceptional skill and eye for detail," they said.
When Junco started in the detailing business a decade ago, they said they never imagined they would work on such a noteworthy project.
Junco said working on Air Force One was "intense work," and they felt honored to work on all the planes.
"For me, it's been the best experience so far as a detailer," they said. "I was very proud and honored to be a part of that team and help serve history."
They said the experience was vastly different than working on a car because of the size and time it took.
"Just being up so high, it's different," they said. "Everything is different. The hours that you have to put into just a single wing on a plane. You're there all day. It's intense work. It's not easy but it's a lot of fun."
Junco said they look forward to continuing their work on the aircraft for years to come.
"Everybody was just so pumped up and proud to be working on this project," they said. "You're just filled with all these pockets of energy. It was just a good day every day."
Junco said they are proud to have earned five-star ratings on Yelp and many repeat customers at High Performance Auto Detail, 790 S Coast Hwy 101 #101, over the years.
Anyone wishing to schedule a service can call them at 760-994-3462.
There was a time when Chenai Mathabire read Vogue, watched beauty pageants on TV and fantasized about being a supermodel. Today they help the sick and injured as a nurse and epidemiologist.
Last month, the 35-year-old Zimbabwean received an International AIDS Society prize for showing that a faster tuberculosis test could be implemented at health centers in southeast Africa. Them work will help save the lives of HIV-positive patients who contract TB.
"Nursing is often looked down upon and people just think you are there to be the maid of the doctor or do the dirty work. But teachers made me realize that nurses have a big role to play," says Mathabire.
In Zimbabwe's bustling capital, Harare, Mathabire earned high enough points in their studies to pursue a degree in physiotherapy, occupational therapy or nursing at university. They chose to become a nurse — the first nurse in their family. In 2008, they were between jobs and Zimbabwe was facing economic problems. Mathabire decided to apply for a job at Doctors Without Borders.
The work took them into some of Africa's grimmest situations. They helped diagnose malnourished children with HIV, tuberculosis, pneumonia and malaria in Zimbabwe. Then they supervised workers who were teaching HIV-positive pregnant women how to protect their children from the virus. After that, they worked in a mobile hospital in South Sudan, treating gunshot wounds during a tribal war.
In 2015, they were recruited for their first research assignment at Doctors Without Borders, work that would eventually earn them an International AIDS Society prize. They knew that TB was the No. 1 killer of HIV-positive patients from their previous work, but they didn't know about the rapid tuberculosis test until they read the study's protocol. They were eager to get started on the project.
For two years, Mathabire and a team explored how easily health clinics and hospitals in the Chiradzulu District of Malawi and the Chamanculo District of Mozambique could implement the tuberculosis test for HIV patients, who are more susceptible to the infection.
In Malawi and Mozambique, HIV is the leading cause of death. It is often spread through unprotected sex, and it has wiped out 27 percent of Malawi's and 24 percent of Mozambique's populations according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
Finding out whether an HIV-positive person has tuberculosis is a matter of life and death. Mathabire remembers a Malawi man in their early 30s who left a clinic untreated. The rapid test, which analyzes a molecule in the patient's urine with a paper strip, had shown that they had TB. A coughing test didn't. But doctors weren't referring patients for the rapid test in their assessment of the man. It hadn't yet been approved by the Ministry of Health which was awaiting the World Health Organization's policy guidance. The man died before they could go back to get help.
Their story wasn't unique, Mathabire says. "It's very sad but then you realize why you are doing the study — to prevent this from happening," they say. "You start to realize the urgency of what you are doing."
Under normal circumstances, patients are given cough tests or chest X-rays to test for TB. Mathabire's team found that it takes an average of two to four days for results, but the wait could drag on for months.
Though the government of Malawi pays for certain medical care, including tuberculosis treatment, patients might not have the money to pay for a bus ride to the hospital or clinic for follow-up visits. And more remote clinics don't always have the resources to transport samples to hospitals.
With the rapid TB test, sick patients could begin treatment the same day. Mathabire's data showed that the test provided results in less than an hour. Staff in Malawi and Mozambique could be trained to administer the test in just a few hours. And doctors, nurses and clinical officers said it was easy to interpret the bands on the test strips.
Mathabire also found that patients weren't skeptical of a new method. They really wanted to take the high-tech test. Mainly peasant farmers, they took the words of the health workers seriously. "Everybody basically knew somebody that had died of HIV [and opportunistic infections] in a terrible way," they say. It was like that in Zimbabwe too.
The team's findings, published by Doctors Without Borders this year, has led some of the health centers where the aid group works to embrace rapid TB testing. It could pave the way for more facilities to incorporate the test it into their health systems, meaning faster care for the sickest of HIV patients.
In a statement, International AIDS Society president Linda-Gail Bekker said that Mathabire's research will "support the next generation of investigators whose work can help to change the course of this epidemic."
Mathabire still works for Doctors Without Borders and is considering conducting more research on HIV and tuberculosis. But their award-winning research isn't the only major event of their summer.
They moved to Falun, central Sweden, to marry an infectious disease specialist whom they worked with in Zimbabwe. True to their early love of fashion, she's sewing their own wedding dress, with glass beads, silk and lace.
Sasha Ingber is a multimedia journalist who has covered science, culture and foreign affairs for such publications as National Geographic, The Washington Post Magazine and Smithsonian. You can contact them @SashaIngber.
Although there is still some conjecture about the financial health of Western Province Rugby (WPR)‚ the professional arm of the sport‚ the union has locked down a host of key players on contract extensions.
The Stormers are busy with their pre-season at their Bellville High Performance centre‚ and with the player roster seemingly sorted until at least 2019‚ all focus is on preparing the side to make a serious run at winning Super Rugby.
With the senior Springbok and Stormers trio of Siya Kolisi‚ Damian de Allende and Steven Kitshoff having recently signed extensions until the end of 2019‚ they have since been joined by 13 further players in committing to the union for the next two years.
Experienced forwards JC Janse van Rensburg‚ Scarra Ntubeni‚ Nizaam Carr‚ Caylib Oosthuizen‚ Sikhumbuzo Notshe‚ Ali Vermaak‚ as well as exciting younger talents Wilco Louw and Kobus van Dyk have all committed their immediate future to staying at Newlands.
Dillyn Leyds‚ Jano Vermaak‚ SP Marais‚ Craig Barry and Michal Hazner are the backline players that have signed extensions.
And the likes of Springboks Bongi Mbonambi‚ Frans Malherbe‚ Eben Etzebeth and Pieter-Steph du Toit are also all currently on contracts which run until the end of 2019.
There are also a number of current under-19 and under-21 players that have signed contract extensions.
World Rugby Under-20 Championship Player of the Tournament Juarno Augustus and Junior Springbok captain Ernst van Ryhn two of the young talents set to continue their careers with Western Province Rugby.
The wider training squad also includes new recruits Sergeal Petersen‚ Joshua Stander and Neethling Fouche.
Bok wing Raymond Rhule will join training in January along with the rest of the Springboks in the squad‚ whilst former Bok centre JJ Engelbrecht will make their return to Cape Town for the Super Rugby campaign once they have concluded their commitments with Japanese side Toyota Industries Shuttles.
Head coach Robbie Fleck said that following a short break after the Currie Cup‚ the players are refreshed and ready to give their all in an effort to further raise standards in all departments.
"Last season we changed our approach in the pre-season‚ which stood us in good stead throughout the campaign‚” Fleck said.
"The focus is on making sure that we put the hard work in now‚ both physically and mentally‚ in order to prepare the team for what lies ahead next year.”
“Phone records and intercepted calls show that members of Donald Trump's 2016 presidential campaign and other Trump associates had repeated contacts with senior Russian intelligence officials in the year before the election,” the New York Times reports.
“American law enforcement and intelligence agencies intercepted the communications around the same time that they were discovering evidence that Russia was trying to disrupt the presidential election by hacking into the Democratic National Committee… The intelligence agencies then sought to learn whether the Trump campaign was colluding with the Russians on the hacking or other efforts to influence the election.”
“The officials interviewed in recent weeks said that, so far, they had seen no evidence of such cooperation. But the intercepts alarmed American intelligence and law enforcement agencies, in part because of the amount of contact that was occurring while Mr. Trump was speaking glowingly about the Russian president, Vladimir V. Putin.”
Up to 6,000 Africans who fought for the Islamic State (IS) jihadist group in Iraq and Syria could return home, the African Union's top security official warned Sunday, calling on countries to prepare for the threat.
Smail Chergui, the AU's commissioner for peace and security, said African nations would need to work closely with each other and share intelligence to counter returning militants.
"There are reports of 6,000 African fighters among the 30,000 foreign elements who joined this terrorist group in the Middle East," Chergui told a meeting in Algiers, according to the Algeria Press Service news agency.
"The return of these elements to Africa poses a serious threat to our national security and stability and requires specific treatment and intense cooperation between African countries," they said.
Tens of thousands of foreign fighters joined the Sunni extremist group after it seized vast swathes of Iraq and Syria and declared a caliphate in 2014.
But the group has suffered a host of losses to both its territory and military capabilities in the last year.
Backed by a US-led coalition, Iraqi forces gradually retook control of all territory lost to the jihadists, declaring on Saturday that the country was now liberated from its control.
In Syria, the group faces western-backed Syrian rebels, jihadist rivals and government forces that are supported by Russia and Iran.
But the losses have sparked fears that IS's remaining foreign fighters may now relocate, bringing their extremist ideology and violence with them.
LOUISVILLE, Ky. — Terance Mann couldn't mope over two missed free throws that could have sealed the victory for Florida State. There was still work to do on the other end to make sure Louisville didn't take advantage.
The junior guard quickly redeemed themselves by delivering a timely block of VJ King's shot with 6 seconds remaining, Braian Angola grabbed the rebound and fed to M.J. Walker for a dunk with 1 second left that clinched the Seminoles' 80-76 win on Saturday.
In just 11 seconds, Mann went from feeling stress to elation after a hard-fought win that helped FSU (17-6, 6-5 Atlantic Coast Conference) avenge last month's loss to Louisville that broke a 28-game home winning streak.
"I missed the free throws and I knew I had to guard the ball and get a stop," said Mann, FSU's top scorer who entered the game making 72 per cent from the foul line. "I knew they'd be driving to the basket aggressively, I just had to buck up and play defence.
"It was just happening in the moment. I used my defensive principles and got the stop."
Phil Cofer scored 11 of their 16 points in the second half, Angola added 13 and Mann and Christ Koumadje each added 11 for FSU, which broke a 57-all tie in the second half with six unanswered points and ending with Cofer's 3-point play with 7:36 left.
The Seminoles' lead stretched to eight a couple of times before they had to fight off the Cardinals' late charge that got them within 78-76 with 24.7 seconds remaining. Mann's missed free throws with 17.4 seconds left opened the door for Louisville before their block finally tilted things toward FSU in a tight game featuring 11 lead changes and seven ties.
"We're very fortunate to hang on there for a victory," said Seminoles coach Leonard Hamilton, whose team shot 52 per cent in the second half and 45 per cent overall.
"I was very proud of our guys because Louisville took us to the woodshed at our place. I felt like our guys were a little bit more poised with the exception of the two turnovers there toward the end of the game."
In bouncing back from its loss to Wake Forest, FSU also handed Louisville (16-7, 6-4) its second straight ACC defeat for the first time in nearly two years and third in four games. The Cardinals made just 12 of 33 from the field after halftime (36 per cent) and were outrebounded 43-34.
Access to good quality healthcare is an issue that is faced worldwide. While health is the basic right of every human being, it is seldom a given. Many people have to face hardships and ordeals in order to gain healthcare, and that is not how it should be. In this context, the fact that Pakistan is hosting the 64th Session of the World Health Organisation (WHO) Regional Committee for the Eastern Mediterranean beginning on October 9 in Islamabad is to be lauded, for Pakistan has its own concerns regarding health.
Ministry of National Health Services, Regulations and Coordination led by Health Minister Saira Afzal Tarar is at the forefront of this event and the minister has said that this shows Pakistan's increasing role as a major player in global health. Delegates and experts from many regions of the world will be gathering in Islamabad to take decisions on issues of regional character, including stopping the spread of disease, fighting epidemics, social protection, and other such issues.
As WHO's governing body at the regional level, the Regional Committee consists of representatives of 22 countries in WHO's Eastern Mediterranean Region. WHO's Director-General Dr Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus, WHO's Regional Director for the Eastern Mediterranean Dr Mahmoud Fikri and top global health experts are participating in the high profile event. Ministers of health and their representatives will discuss important public health priorities for countries of the region.
Universal health coverage should be available to everyone; the health of the people should not be taken lightly. People suffer many indignities in order to find health care, including having to sell off their properties and take on huge loans in order to afford private medical care. This should not be the case; the government should provide free of cost care to all deserving and underprivileged. This will also do away with the over-reliance on private practices and menace of private medical mafia.
At this event, focus will be placed on five priority areas of public health—emergencies and health security, communicable diseases, noncommunicable diseases, maternal, neonatal, child and adolescent health, and health system strengthening—which align with the targets of the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), ensuring progress in moving towards universal health coverage.
The Regional Committee will be requested to endorse a proposed regional framework for action on cancer prevention and control. In WHO's Eastern Mediterranean region, many cases of cancer are diagnosed at a late stage when treatments are less effective, which results in many unnecessary deaths. The proposed framework will assist countries to decide which priority interventions to implement for cancer prevention and control, according to their national situation. Cancer in Pakistan is increasing day by day and we certainly need to be aware of all our options.
Climate change is another concern for Pakistan, for it is one of the hardest hit countries in this regard, so the fact that the Regional Committee will also be invited to endorse a proposed updated framework for action on climate change and health is especially important to Pakistan. Rising global temperatures and the incidence of extreme weather conditions pose serious, yet preventable, effects on human health, and WHO has called for urgent global action to protect health from climate-related risks.
The SDGs—which seek to achieve sustainable global economic—social and environmental development by 2030, will not be realised without investment in adolescent health. The adolescent mortality rate in low-income and middle-income countries in the Eastern Mediterranean region is the second-highest in the world. Member states will be urged to translate the commitments made in the Global Strategy for Women's, Children's and Adolescent Health 2016–2030 into actions by developing and implementing national strategic plans for adolescent health.
As bacteria and virus become resistant to medicines, they become a threat to populations, and more research and data is needed in this area. Thus, on the agenda is antimicrobial resistance, which has emerged as a major public health problem that threatens the advances of modern medicine.
During the Regional Committee meeting, WHO will report 2016 progress to the member states in the areas of polio eradication, improving health and the environment, implementation of the International Health Regulations (IHR 2005), implementation of the regional malaria action plan, and many others. Member states will also consider endorsement of resolutions and decisions for implementation of programmes in their respective countries to advance the regional public health agenda and overall improve the health of the people.
Pakistan is a developing country, but lags behind other countries when it comes to health and healthcare. However, that does not mean that we, as a society, cannot invest in health and improve ourselves by devoting to science and medicine. By hosting such events and inviting global leaders on health, we can learn much and, hopefully, establish lasting relationships that will lead to a better understanding of health concerns. There has to be unity among nations because, in order to fight disease and pestilence, we need to cooperate with each other.
EAST LONGMEADOW - Plans to convert part of a mattress store into a burger joint all but fell apart this month when a franchisee who had signed a letter of intent cooled to the idea.
"They're putting it on hold for now," said Rocco Falcone, of East Longmeadow Center Village, LLP, which owns several buildings in the plaza including the one at 40 Center Square that is home to Mattress Firm and about 25,000 square feet of space intended for a Five Guys Burgers and Fries franchise.
Last December, East Longmeadow's Planning Board approved a plan in which 2,450 square feet of Mattress Firm would be reallocated to Five Guys. The restaurant would have held a maximum of 46 seats inside and would be directly next to Walgreens at 54 Center Square.
But despite East Longmeadow Center Village LLP already subdividing the building to separate a space from Mattress Firm, the franchisee this month said they are no longer interested in pursuing the project, Falcone said. The franchisee was represented in front of the Planning Board by Five Guys District Manager Rush Blankenship.
"I think the process took longer than they thought, and they had another opportunity come along," Falcone said. "We don't have anything signed with anybody at this point."
The franchisee had signed only a letter of intent, Falcone said, which is not a binding document. They didn't know what the franchisee's plans were.
For now, the space remains empty, and East Longmeadow Center Village LLP is looking for a tenant to fill the space, Falcone said.
FIFA 18: Predicted teams in demo version of the game
The demo version is usually released a couple of weeks before the release of full version.
@honestwayfarer by Armanur Rahman News 14 Jun 2017, 19:22 IST
FIFA 18 demo is predicted to be released between September 12-19
What's the story?
FIFA 18 is all set to hit the stores on September 29. Based on the trailers we have seen so far, an assumption can be made regarding the teams that may feature in the demo version of FIFA 18.
While the demo versions of previous editions have predominantly featured Europe's biggest teams, there might be a surprise or two this time round, if we go by the first-look trailers that EA have released.
The context
Gamers have been eagerly waiting for FIFA 18 ever since the first-reveal trailer was released on June 5. The trailer features Cristiano Ronaldo playing against Premier League Champions Chelsea. Ronaldo is also the cover star of FIFA 18 for the first time ever.
The heart of the matter
Primarily featuring Ronaldo, the trailer features several teams in action in different stadiums. A host of star players also show off their skills and goal celebrations in the trailer. The previous demo versions have tried to include the best teams of the top leagues in Europe, with the Premier League being well represented in particular.
The pattern looks set to continue this time as well with Manchester giants City and United along with 2016 champions Leicester City likely to join Chelsea in the demo. Apart from the Premier League teams, European Champions Real Madrid may well be joined by their derby rivals Atletico Madrid.
The trailer also features Italian champions Juventus, German champions Bayern Munich and Paris Saint-Germain which may well mean that they too are in the demo. Furthermore, it is expected that MLS will be represented in the demo as well in the form of LA Galaxy and Toronto FC.
Previously, the demos were released a couple of weeks before the full game.
Also Read: Will FIFA Street mode return in FIFA 18?
What's next?
The release date of the demo may well be announced by EA Sports at E3 or Gamescom 2017.
Author's take
Hardcore FIFA fans take the demo very seriously as it offers the chance to experience the game first hand, well before the release of the full game. It gives them the chance to get used to the gameplay and check out their favourite teams in action.
Also Read: FIFA 18: 5 key changes EA Sports will introduce in FIFA 18 to improve the game
Milwaukee Brewers' Eric Thames, right, celebrates their home run off Chicago Cubs starting pitcher John Lackey, with Ryan Braun, during the third inning of a baseball game, Monday, April 17, 2017, in Chicago. (AP-Yonhap)
CHICAGO -- Eric Thames homered in their club record-tying fifth straight game and the streaking Milwaukee Brewers turned back the Chicago Cubs 6-3 on Monday night.Milwaukee never trailed after the Thames hit an opposite-field homer to snap a 3-3 tie in the third inning. Jeromy Burnitz became the first and last Brewers player to homer in five straight games in August, 1997.Ryan Braun and Jeff Bandy also went deep for Milwaukee, the only team to hit as many as three homers in a game off Chicago starter John Lackey (1-2) last season. The victory was the Brewers' sixth in the last seven games.The Cubs lost for a fourth straight time, their worst stretch since a five-game skid from July 5-9 last season.Brewers starter Chase Anderson (2-0) pitched five innings of three-run, seven-hit ball to pick up the victory. They walked two batters and struck out five. Neftali Felix pitched a scoreless ninth for their fifth save in as many tries.Milwaukee added a pair of insurance runs in the eighth inning on Braun's RBI double and steal of third base followed by catcher Willson Contreras' throwing error.Chicago trailed 3-1 when Albert Almora Jr. reached Anderson for a two-run double in the third inning. The hit scored Jason Heyward and Miguel Montero, who had led off with singles.It took the Brewers three batters to break through against Lackey in the first inning.After the Thames extended their hit streak to 10 games with a one-out double, Braun unloaded their seventh homer in the last nine games versus the Cubs. Braun's 651st extra-base hit moved them into second place with Paul Molitor on the Brewers' all-time list.Chicago closed to within 2-1 on Ben Zobrist's two-out single in the bottom half of the inning.Bandy quickly restored the two-run lead with a homer to open the second inning. (AP)
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
January was a month Bristol City manager Lee Johnson had admitted would be a difficult period.
Chatting to them in press conferences and post-match interviews they knew how tough the start to the year would be, a list of tricky league games alongside those huge Carabao Cup matches and a transfer window to negotiate.
I think City have emerged from it pretty well. This has been a difficult period, City's worst of the season without a win, but the QPR victory was vital to set them back on track.
Rewind to the start of the month, the world's media were fascinated by Bristol City taking on arguably the best team in Europe.
Lee Johnson had to face the press numerous times and each time they did they came out of it well. They managed to turn potential negatives into positives.
When asked if they were concerned about their players being in the spotlight during the transfer window they acknowledged that, but also made it into a plus point as the Robins could show themselves off as an attractive proposition for potential new signings.
Ultimately it transpired City have managed to keep hold of their best players. When Brighton bid six million for Aden Flint concern was raised if they would want to leave like in summer.
The club handled this well, the bid rejected, no murmurs of Flint wanting out at present like there were back in summer.
The offer was well below Flint's market value and credit should be given to Mark Ashton and Steve Lansdown as well as Lee Johnson for the way the situation was dealt with.
We know Premier League scouts had been watching the team and there were links to Joe Bryan. For me, they are just as much of a key player to this team as Aden Flint is.
Bryan is a fantastic left back and just as good on the wing. If they were to leave that versatility on the left would leave a vast hole in the promotion push.
Bobby Reid was very important to keep as well if the Robins could lock them into a new contract soon that would cap off a successful January window.
The signings of Ryan Kent and Lois Diony on loan, as well as Liam Walsh on a permanent deal, add depth and quality to the squad and real competition for places, this can only be a good thing to make the players up their game.
If Bristol City can achieve promotion, all of the above players would surely stay. However, I do worry if they miss out.
I firmly believe City will make the play-offs. Even with a couple of injuries the depth of the squad is improved, and they have battled on brilliantly with so many first team players out.
Automatic promotion may be a stretch too far, and if the Robins fail to reach the Premier League the summer transfer window could be a contrasting story.
However, Bristol City will focus on the here and now. At the time of writing, they sit fifth in the Championship only three points off an automatic spot.
Important players like Callum O'Dowda and Eros Pisano are close to returning to action, it is a boost when players of this quality return just as Famara Diedhiou has done with aplomb.
Not only do the Robins have the improved squad to call on, they have the confidence and experience of the season thus far.
How many of us really thought in August this group of players could beat Manchester United and go toe to toe with Manchester City?
Equally, this bunch can grind out a result with ten men against a decent Championship team in QPR.
The signs are positive, something special is happening at Ashton Gate.
LISTEN: Deadline Day reaction podcast with Michelle Owen and Gregor MacGregor
Friday is the last call for submissions to any First Nations, local governments and non-profits to receive funding under the Rural Dividend program.
Single applicants can apply for up to $100,000 for community-driven projects while partnerships involving more than one applicant could receive up to $500,000.
Funding will also support any wildfire-affected communities from the summer.
Those projects will be assessed and approved depending on rural communities most in need, economic impact as well as attracting and retaining youth.
The final results will be made public on March 31.
This is the message a mum put on a vodka bottle for their son
17 injured as coach overturns on M40 slip road in
Horror in Russia as children are crushed on escal
Gran Barbara Dransfield had every bone in face br
Don't miss the comet that will light up the sky o
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
As a young adult, raiding your parents' alcohol cabinet is practically a rite of passage
Getting caught in the act is also all part and parcel of growing up.
Some parents let their offspring dig themselves a hole, patiently waiting for them to trip up or do a sloppy job of covering their tracks.
Others take a more pro-active approach to deterring their teens from drinking (their booze ).
Take Cheryl Slavazza for example.
The mum to 17 year-old Spencer took a decidedly unique approach to parenting recently, having bought vodka which displays a pre-programmed digital banner on the bottle.
The message can be customised to say anything, and initially Cheryl had set it to, "Happy holidays from the Slavazzas."
(Photo: Instagram)
Then, one day, Spencer noticed it had been changed to impart a very different message, and tweeted about it.
"DRINK THIS N ILL WHOOP YA ASS"
The accolades for Cheryl came in thick and fast.
But what did Spencer make of it all?
Understandably, they saw the funny side, and admits it is is in keeping with their parenting style.
"She is always looking for ways to monitor me," they told Buzzfeed , before explaining that she's not always strict and "keeps it fun."
And their tactics seemed to have worked on Spencer. They told the site that, "I consider myself a responsible child as I'm underage and respect my mom's rules."
Cheryl, we salute you.
Two public menorah lightings on Main Street are among a variety of Hanukah programs in Ridgefield.
Congregation Shir Shalom's Rabbi David Reiner and Rabbi Rachel Bearman of Temple B'nai Chaim in Georgetown will co-host a public menorah lighting ceremony on the last day of Hanukah, Dec. 19, from 5 to 6 on the small grass area along Main Street in front of the CVS parking lot.
“We're inviting people to bring a canned or nonperishable item to build a mitzvah menorah to be donated to the Ridgefield Food Pantry,” Reiner said. “Also winter coats for the EZ Moving coat drive to benefit the Open Door Shelter in Norwalk.”
“We'll be singing, lighting the menorah,” said Cantor Deborah Katchko-Gray of Temple Shir Shalom.
“There'll be latkes and jelly donuts,” added Reiner.
“That's going to be very special. That's a community-wide menorah lighting on the last night of Hanukah,” Katchko-Gray said. “And the Ridgefield Chorale will be offering a beautiful Hanukah song about light and hope, conducted by Daniela Sikora. And I'll be leading Hanukah songs at the menorah lighting, and some Israeli dancing.”
The coat drive organized by EZ Moving for Norwalk's Open Door homeless shelter is close to their heart.
“Ezra Zimmerman of EZ Moving is one of my sons, and I'm very proud of him. He's done four drives for them,” they said. “The goal is to bring them 1,000 coats. So if everybody brings a coat or two, it'll help.
A public menorah lighting “open to the entire community” will also be held by Chabad of Ridgefield, a Jewish educational center on West Lane, on the second night of Hanukah, Wednesday, Dec. 13, starting at 6:30 p.m. This, too, will be on Main Street in front of CVS, with live music, dancing, greetings from town officials, prizes for children, and a “chocolate gelt drop with the Ridgefield Fire Department.”
Katchko-Gray also plans a “Hanukah Ruach” (Hanukah Spirit) celebration at Congregation Shir Shalom's temple on Peaceable Street on Friday, Dec. 15, at 7:30.
“It's going to feature Hanukah music, and the local guitar wonder Jason Bangser and Brian Besterman, a pianist who has played on Broadway,” they said.
“The music is full of light and joy, just like the holiday. We have some wonderful songs that span centuries and we have modern songs and I like to mix it up.
“We'll also be involving teens in the service,” they said. “I think that's important. They're our future.”
On Sunday, Dec. 17, from 3 to 4 at Shir Shalom, Katchko-Gray plans The Magic of Hanukah.
“That's a program for young families,” they said. “I'll be leading Hanukah songs for young children at the program. That's open to all young families who are interested.”
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Musician DJ Goldie said they “took a bullet” for their 20-year-old daughter after they were fined for attacking a bouncer at Glastonbury Festival.
The 52-year-old, who became the first person to admit an offence via Facetime earlier this year, said they were “always sorry” for attacking bouncer Dennis Poole, who denied them access to a backstage VIP area.
The DJ, who real name is Clifford Joseph Price, appeared at Bristol Magistrates' Court on Wednesday afternoon, May 30, with their daughter Chance.
They were accused of kicking the security guard during the brawl at the festival, but it was dismissed after Goldie pleaded guilty.
District Judge David Taylor ordered Price to pay a fine of £1,080, compensation of £500, a victim surcharge of £108 and costs of £775, a total of £2,463.
Speaking outside Bristol Magistrates' Court, the musician said: "I took a bullet for my daughter, I'm happy.
"Hopefully they can move on and understand if you're doing your job do it right.
"I'm apologising as a man would do."
When asked if they regretted their actions, they replied: "Me? Always sorry. Always be sorry for what you do."
(Image: PA)
The judge told Price: "Your entirely unjustified actions demonstrate an arrogant sense of entitlement based on your own self importance.
“The physical injuries sustained by Mr Poole at your hands were relatively minor but the assault has had an emotional and psychological impact on him."
Andeavor has received sufficient commitments from third party shippers to warrant the construction of the Conan Crude Oil Gathering Pipeline system in the Delaware Basin, the company stated in a press release.
As previously announced, the Conan Crude Oil Gathering Pipeline system will be approximately 130 miles in length and transport crude oil from origins in Lea County, New Mexico and Loving County, Texas to a terminal to be constructed in Loving County, Texas, where the gathering system interconnects with long-haul pipeline carriers.
The first phase of the Conan Crude Oil Gathering Pipeline system will provide capacity of approximately 250,000 barrels per day. Future phases of the system may expand capacity up to 500,000 barrels per day.
The system is under construction and is expected to begin commercial service in mid-2018. The estimated capital investment for the first phase of the gathering system is approximately $225 million of which $75 million is expected to be spent in 2017.
A THOUSAND OAKS, Calif. — The Los Angeles Rams have re-signed defensive end Dominique Easley after an injury kept them out last season.
The Rams announced the one-year deal with the veteran Monday.
Easley tore a ligament in their right knee early in Rams training camp last August, sidelining them for the season. The University of Florida product also tore ligaments in both knees during college.
Their first two NFL seasons with New England ended early due to injury after the Patriots chose them in the first round. But they were healthy during the 2016 season with the Rams, making 3 1/2 sacks and likely earning a spot as a starter last year before their injury.
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A top Foreign Office official has been forced to apologise after mistakenly referring to one of the world's most revered Sikh temples as a 'mosque'.
Sir Simon McDonald said "I was wrong" after inadvertently referring to the Golden Temple in Amritsar, India, as the "Golden Mosque".
Their blunder came as Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn promised they would launch an independent inquiry into Britain's military role in the Indian army's 1984 raid on the Golden Temple if they became prime minister.
Sir Simon's embarrassing gaffe was made on Twitter, where the Foreign Office permanent secretary referred to a picture of the "Golden Mosque" being presented to the UK's deputy high commissioner.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
After realising the error, they said: "I was wrong: I am sorry. I should of course have said the Golden Temple or, better, Sri Harmandir Sahib."
Bhai Amrik Singh, chairperson of the Sikh Federation, said: "This was a major gaffe by a top civil servant and totally unacceptable.
"It demonstrates a remarkable level of ignorance from someone in their position."
They added: "In our view, a public apology and admitting the mistake is not enough.
"What we need is a commitment from the UK Government and senior civil servants to root out such ignorance and discrimination or we will continue to face hate, abuse and threats of violence."
The mistake is particularly sensitive given the suspicions about the extent of UK involvement in the 1984 raid.
(Image: PA)
Labour leader Mr Corbyn's pledge to carry out a probe into the assault, which is said to have left thousands of people dead, will be included in the party's next manifesto.
Speaking at a Sikh Federation event in Watford, Mr Corbyn said: "You can be very sure that, whenever the election comes, it will be in the next manifesto ... it's a commitment that's going to be there and we will honour that commitment."
A 2014 investigation by David Cameron's Cabinet secretary, Sir Jeremy Heywood, said a British officer's advice to Indian authorities about how to resolve a stand-off with Sikh dissidents was ignored by army chiefs who ordered the offensive.
Mr Cameron said there was "absolutely no evidence" of UK government involvement in the raid on the Golden Temple complex.
The finding was met with "disappointment" by British Sikh groups and the Sikh Federation said Sir Jeremy's review was "limited in scope".
Mike Mignola's Hellboy is returning to the big screen, and fans have eagerly been sifting through every casting announcement for concrete information about the reboot. Finally, we've just been given our first solid clue about the plot— and it's from the most unexpected of sources.
#NYCC2017 is in full swing, and as part of that, Diamond Distributors held a closed-doors breakfast with comic book retailers from across the world. A number of publishers were present, letting retailers in on secrets that may affect comic book and graphic novel sales over the next year or so. That included Dark Horse, publishers of the Hellboy comics, and they revealed a rather fascinating secret. According to ComicsBeat, Dark Horse confirmed that:
"The new Hellboy movie will be based on Hellboy: The Wild Hunt."
What Is 'The Wild Hunt'?
The Wild Hunt is on the move. [Credit: Dark Horse]
The story of Hellboy has always been steeped in the fantastical, but in "The Wild Hunt", Mignola added a new layer of depth to it. The story forced the titular hero to dive deep into the legends of England and Ireland, introducing a horrific new villain known as the Blood Queen. The character was inspired by the Arthurian legend of Nimue, Merlin's ward, but Mignola transformed them into a dark and terrifying would-be Goddess of War. The story opened with giants rising from their slumber, awoken by the promise of power that Nimue had given them in ages past.
In a fantastic twist, Mignola revealed that Hellboy's human ancestry was from the line of King Arthur himself. They added a dark layer of twisted Messianic imagery to the story of Hellboy, forcing the demonic hero to claim the enchanted sword Excalibur, and stand against the forces of evil once again. Disturbingly, this act also seemed to commit Hellboy to the evil future planned for them by their demon father. It was a haunting and powerful story that featured stunning art by Duncan Fegredo.
An ominous vision of the future. [Credit: Dark Horse]
Mark Chadbourn — a prominent fantasy author — penned an introduction to the graphic novel release. Deeply impressed by the tale, Chadbourn felt that Mignola's narrative touched on eternal themes, weaving Arthurian legends into a modern comic book story:
"Mythology is a map of our dark, unconscious mind and all the fears and dreams and screwy, twisted things that live there. It's always relevant. Those devils trying to seduce us with deals, those long-dead things that haunt us, those unbeatable, bone-crushing giants of the id — they're never going to go away. You just need somebody you understand getting in there, and get down and dirty, and sort the ******** out so you can sleep peacefully."
In truth, it's not really a surprise to learn that the Hellboy reboot is inspired by 'The Wild Hunt.' The film originally bore the title Hellboy: Rise of the Blood Queen, and Milla Jovovich has been announced to play the part of Numue herself. The title was abbreviated simply to Hellboy back in August, and we learned that the script was being redrafted by an all-star team including Mike Mignola himself. This latest news confirms that the reboot is still inspired by "The Wild Hunt," and we should be expecting a dark, action-packed cinematic spectacle.
This is definitely good news for Hellboy fans. We're still on track to see the Blood Queen appear on the big screen, and it's very likely that we'll see our hero take up Excalibur against them This reboot promises to be a celebration of the modern mythology teased at by Mark Chadbourn, embracing the history of England and Ireland through our own demonic champion. This should be a wild ride!
Do you think it's wise to base the Hellboy reboot on this arc? Let me know in the comments.
(Source: ComicsBeat)
Texas Judge Upends Effort To Limit Charity Funding For Kidney Care
Enlarge this image toggle caption Courtesy of Jason Early Courtesy of Jason Early
Every night, Jason Early attaches a catheter in their chest to a machine by their bed that, over the course of nine hours while they sleep, removes their blood from their body, cleanses it and returns it because their kidneys are no longer able to do the job.
It has been about 18 months since the 28-year-old Dallas resident started getting dialysis after their kidneys failed as a complication from the Type 1 diabetes with which they were diagnosed as a child.
Like many patients with end-stage renal disease, Early, who is completing a bachelor's degree in finance at the University of North Texas at Dallas, turned to a charity for financial assistance to cover their health insurance costs.
Such "third-party payments" by nonprofit groups, health care providers and others are controversial. The federal government has expressed concern that health care providers and organizations they're affiliated with might be inappropriately "steering" patients to marketplace plans instead of Medicare or Medicaid, for which they are often eligible. The public programs reimburse for the dialysis services at lower rates than most private plans. The efforts by charities have also long been a sore spot with health insurers, who say they encourage sick patients who have expensive health care needs to opt for private coverage.
Insurers suffered a setback recently when a federal judge temporarily blocked a new rule from the Department of Health and Human Services that was set to go into effect Jan. 13. It would require that dialysis centers inform insurers if the centers are making premium payments either directly or indirectly through a third party for people covered by marketplace plans. Insurers would then have the option of accepting or denying the payments.
In granting the preliminary injunction in late January, U.S. District Court Judge Amos Mazzant in Sherman, Texas, criticized the government's administrative process for establishing the regulation and said it hadn't considered the benefits of private individual insurance or the fact that the rule would leave thousands of patients without coverage.
Insurers were not pleased. "Inappropriate steering and third-party payments increases costs for all consumers, and it risks harm to patients who are often eligible for public coverage options," said Kristine Grow, a spokesperson for America's Health Insurance Plans, an industry group. "We continue to urge [the Department of Health and Human Services] to prohibit these payments when there is alternative coverage for patients."
But patient advocates were delighted. "We thought this was an important win for dialysis patients because it not only spoke to the procedural elements of the rule but to the substance, the potential of dialysis patients to have their coverage taken away," said Hrant Jamgochian, the chief executive of Dialysis Patient Citizens, an advocacy group that was the lead plaintiff in the lawsuit.
Premium assistance has been critical to improving Early's quality of life. "Without the [American Kidney Fund] assistance I would be living to pay my medical costs," they said. "They give me an opportunity to get a breather from medical costs so that I can live my life outside of my illness."
Although some patients, such as Early, are able to undergo dialysis at home, many must spend four hours at a dialysis center three times a week. The process is debilitating and time-consuming.
Many people lose their employer-sponsored health insurance because they are unable to work. Medicare is often an alternative because under the law people with end-stage renal disease — even those younger than 65 — are generally eligible for coverage.
Others may sign up for private coverage on the exchanges. Some may qualify for Medicaid.
Advocates for kidney patients say coverage on the individual market is better than Medicare for some people. In marketplace plans, the maximum amount that someone can be required to pay out-of-pocket for covered services in 2017 is $7,150. But there's no cap on beneficiaries' spending in Medicare, and patients are on the hook for 20 percent of the cost for doctor visits and other outpatient services such as dialysis. Supplemental "Medigap" plans can help cover out-of-pocket costs, but 23 states don't require insurers to sell those plans to people with end-stage renal disease who aren't yet 65.
Last year, Early bought an Aetna silver plan with a $1,500 deductible and a $6,000 out-of-pocket maximum on the Texas health insurance exchange. The American Kidney Fund paid the $359 monthly premium. The policy covered all of their diabetes drugs and equipment. By the end of the first month of dialysis copayments, Early reached their spending maximum and the plan paid everything after that.
But Aetna exited several marketplaces in 2017, including Texas, and Early signed up for Medicare in January. Now he's responsible for a $134 monthly Part B premium, $65 for their prescription drug plan and $300 a month in copays for drugs.
Medicare doesn't cover the insulin pump they use, so he'll have to pay $300 monthly out of pocket for that too. At the moment he's also paying $478 each month for the basic Medigap "A" supplemental plan available in Texas to patients younger than 65 with end-stage renal disease. The Medigap plan covers their 20 percent coinsurance payments for dialysis and other outpatient care.
They said he's been told that the American Kidney Fund, a charity that provides assistance to about 20 percent of the more than 450,000 people who are on dialysis and receives funding from dialysis providers, will start picking up their Medigap premiums soon. They hope so.
"I miss my Aetna plan," they said.
Sixty percent of the people who receive premium assistance from the American Kidney Fund get help with their Medicare or Medigap plans rather than marketplace or other private coverage, said LaVarne Burton, the president and CEO. Even though the judge's order doesn't apply to people in public plans, they hope it will discourage insurers that are increasingly erecting barriers to third-party payment.
"We want to protect the ability that these individuals have to make the choice that meets their needs," Burton said.
Kaiser Health News is an editorially independent news service that is part of the nonpartisan Henry J. Kaiser Family Foundation. You can follow Michelle Andrews on Twitter: @mandrews110.
This image released by NBC shows host Alec Baldwin as President Donald Trump during the “Trump People's Court” segment of “Saturday Night Live” in New York, Saturday. (AP-Yonhap)
NBC's comedy institution “Saturday Night Live” reached its largest audience since 2011 with last weekend's episode hosted by President Trump impersonator Alec Baldwin and featuring the return of Melissa McCarthy portraying White House press secretary Sean Spicer.The show reached 10.8 million viewers, the Nielsen company said. To put that in perspective, the late-night show had a bigger audience than all but four prime-time programs on TV last week. Among younger viewers, only the Grammys had better ratings.The viewership estimate is only a portion of their audience; it doesn't count millions of people who recorded the program for later viewing or watched clips of its skits online.McCarthy opened Saturday's show with their Spicer portrayal and Baldwin, who has been host for a show-record 17 times, rolled out their version of Trump appearing on “People's Court.” Kate McKinnon also did an impersonation of Trump aide Kellyanne Conway in a “Fatal Attraction” type relationship with CNN's Jake Tapper; they also impersonated Jeff Sessions and Elizabeth Warren.It was the most-watched episode of “SNL” since Jan. 8, 2011, a show that featured Jim Carrey and the Black Keys. “SNL” ratings generally jump during election years and fade -- but interest in the Trump administration has kept the numbers high.NBC would not put forth an executive to talk about its good fortune Tuesday. James Andrew Miller, an author of an oral history of “Saturday Night Live,” noted how Trump's tweets about the show have helped give it new life (he did not offer a Twitter critique on last weekend's show). There have been reports that NBC is also mulling a prime-time edition of the show's “Weekend Update” segment.“Even if he's not tweeting about it, they know that someone in the White House is paying attention to it and I think that increases the currency of the show,” Miller said.Trump has helped other comics, too. HBO's John Oliver returned Sunday from a three-month hiatus to their best ratings for a season premiere. For the second straight week, CBS' Stephen Colbert, who has concentrated on pointed political comedy in recent months, beat NBC's usually dominant “Tonight” show in viewership, Nielsen said. (AP)
Colombia victims of 'monumental theft' in England defeat, claims Maradona
Omnisport FOLLOW NEWS News 1.09K // 04 Jul 2018, 16:14 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Argentina legend Diego Maradona
Argentina legend Diego Maradona believes Colombia were victims of a "monumental theft" in their World Cup last-16 defeat to England and laid into the performance of referee Mark Geiger.
Maradona, whose famous 'Hand of God' goal helped knock England out of the 1986 World Cup, nailed their colours to the Colombian mast after Argentina were eliminated at the hands of France and was pictured wearing the team's jersey on social media.
However, Colombia's hopes were ended by a 4-3 shoot-out loss, despite Yerry Mina's second-half stoppage-time goal cancelling out Harry Kane's penalty to earn a 1-1 draw after extra time.
Jose Pekerman's side received six bookings in a tempestuous match, but Maradona says Colombia can feel robbed and questioned the decision of FIFA referee chief Pierluigi Collina to appoint American official Geiger.
Speaking to teleSUR, they said: "I saw a monumental theft on the pitch. I apologise to all the Colombian people, but the players are not to blame for this.
"Here is a gentleman [Collina] who is the one who decides to choose a referee by just googling him. They cannot be put in to referee a match of this magnitude."
Maradona, whose celebration of Argentina's dramatic win over Nigeria that sealed a place in the knockout stages will provide one of the lasting memories of Russia 2018, was particularly scathing of Geiger's decision to award a spot-kick to England when Kane was dragged to ground by Carlos Sanchez.
When asked what their biggest objection was, they replied: "The penalty. The penalty was not a penalty.
"It was Kane's fault. The rules allow for VAR assistance, yes or no? Why did they not ask for the VAR? It is not possible, this has to be denounced."
Like many other fashion brands, rag & bone is continuing to push the boundaries of the traditional runway show format.
Last September, the brand skipped New York Fashion Week and instead unveiled its Spring 2018 collection through a series of self-portraits. The photo project starring Selah Marley, Georgia Fowler, Bobby Cannavale, Maye Musk, Tali Lennox and more not only debuted the brand's latest pieces, but also had a charitable component–allowing each of its subjects to make a donation to a non-profit organization of their choice.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Rag & Bone's Spring 2018 Photo Series Rag & Bone
Now, just a week ahead of this season's New York Fashion Week shows, rag & bone found another visual medium to showcase its Spring 2018 collection: short film. Titled Why Can't We Get Along?, the dance video choreographed by Benjamin Millepied stars Kate Mara and Ansel Elgort along with eight members of the American Ballet Theatre, three Hiplet Ballerinas, YouTube star and dancer Kandi Reign, and three members of Bullettrun Parkour.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Described by the brand as "a visual experiment and a metaphor which illustrates why seeing the world from different perspectives can often be difficult," the mesmerizing six-minute film hopes to create "dialogue about perspective and visual experimentation."
YouTube
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Each dancer in the video wears a look from rag & bone's Spring 2018 collection, which is available to shop now at rag-bone.com—certainly making for a fresh way to market a fashion collection. While dance and choreography videos have long been taking over YouTube and Instagram feeds across the globe, will they have the power to sell clothes?
"They showed a lot of character and will and desire, and we bounced back after a disappointing result."
The Whitecaps (15-10-6) have the third-best road record in all of MLS at 6-7-2, and also picked up a 1-1 draw against the Red Bulls (12-12-7) in Harrison, N.J., in the first leg of their CONCACAF Champions league quarter-finals back in February before the regular season.
"At the end of last year we had a little character check," said Vancouver defender Tim Parker. "We wanted to toughen up and make sure that we were going to be a tough team to play against."
The Whitecaps went down to 10 men that night — both clubs' first competitive match of 2017 — with goalkeeper David Ousted saving a Sacha Kljestan penalty in the second half before beating the Red Bulls 2-0 in the return fixture at B.C. Place Stadium.
Apart from that Champions League success, Vancouver is 3-1-3 all-time against New York in MLS, with a 2-0-1 record at Red Bull Arena.
"This team has confidence," said Ousted, who also stopped a pair Bradley Wright-Phillips penalties as part of a 2-1 victory in Harrison two years ago. "We've played a lot of good away games and believe we can get three points there."
To do that, the Whitecaps will have to manage without some key players away on international duty, with midfielder Yordy Reyna (Peru), defender Kendall Waston (Costa Rica), midfielder Christian Bolanos (Costa Rica) and goalkeeper Stefan Marinovic (New Zealand), who made seven saves last week against K.C., all set to miss out.
New York, which sits sixth in the East, can confirm its place in the playoffs with a victory Saturday, a result that would also eliminate the Montreal Impact from post-season contention.
"We know when they're at home they're very aggressive," said Ousted. "We'll try to weather the storm at certain times, and also hit them on the counter."
Notes: Vancouver midfielder Cristian Techera is available after returning to Uruguay for the birth of their third child last week. ... Robinson said Nigerian midfielder Nosa Igiebor, who signed last month, could see their first action.
---
Follow @JClipperton_CP on Twitter
By Joshua Clipperton, The Canadian Press
The Taylor Swift/Katy Perry feud that's plagued pop culture since 2013 can't seem to end. After a recent American Idol comment from Perry, that many have deemed "shady," the drama's started right back up again. But, can it... not? The Katy Perry and Taylor Swift feud needs to end because, at this point, the whole thing's just too exhausting.
The "shade" in question came during the March 18 episode of the American Idol reboot. During an audition, one hopeful told the judging panel that they were "sorry" to say it in front of Perry but their favorite musician was Swift. The "Roar" singer replied, "Oh, you don't have to be sorry." They then replied, "I love Taylor Swift," and they responded, "I love her, as a songwriter, as well."
Of course, since it involves Perry and Swift, Twitter was all over this interaction. A lot of people were convinced that this minor comment was shade and were living for it. Others weren't entirely sure that it should be deemed shade just yet. And others, including major fans of each singer, were just done with the feud altogether, no matter whether this was some kind of shade situation or not.
Honestly, they're right. This beef between the two singers does need to die already. And the people who need to hear that fact the most? Perry and Swift themselves. All of this talk about whether a comment or music video was shady or not is, indeed, exhausting. Yet, there wouldn't be any need to decipher any comment if the two singers let their feud die out.
Instead, the've consistently kept things going with their original back-up dancer related drama, years after the fact. To make things worse, all of this has played out on the internet (via social media, videos, and statements), so that fans get even more invested into the feud narrative.
In case you forgot about how this drama started, you're in for a treat. Perry and Swift's feud got off to a super random (and unintentionally hilarious?) start. As previously mentioned, it seems like it started over an issue involving backup dancers. In 2013, it was rumored that dancers who were on Swift's tour left to work with Perry, according to OK! Magazine. This rumor, along with the "Look What You Made Me Do" singer's interview with Rolling Stone in 2014, helped put things officially into overdrive. Swift told the magazine, in regards to another female singer who they didn't name:
"For years, I was never sure if we were friends or not. They would come up to me at awards shows and say something and walk away, and I would think 'Are we friends, or did they just give me the harshest insult of my life?' They basically tried to sabotage an entire arena tour. They tried to hire a bunch of people out from under me."
The "Hot N Cold" singer didn't respond directly to the quote, but did tweet the following only a day after Swift's Rolling Stone interview was published:
The situation was all kinds of messy. More recently, years later, it seems like there isn't an end in sight to all of this back and forth. Perry appeared on The Late Late Show with James Corden to get their Carpool Karaoke on. During the interview, they revealed more details about the feud, subsequently fanning the fires that the drama originally started. They clarified the backup dancer situation, and gave some new insight into how it all started,
"It's about backing dancers. It's so crazy! OK, so there are three backing dancers that went on tour with their tour, right? And they asked me before they went on tour if they could go, and I was like, 'Yeah of course! I'm not on a record cycle! Get the work! She's great!...But I will be on a record cycle in about a year, so be sure to put a 30-day contingency in your contract so you can get out if you want to join me when I say I'm going back on.'"
Host James Corden later asked them if they would ever be able to put the feud to rest if Swift told them something like "The beef is off the grill" to which Perry responded, "100 percent."
The Late Late Show with James Corden on YouTube
A couple of months after their mature Carpool Karaoke comments, the singer released a music video for "Swish Swish" that many, again, deemed to be some shade thrown at their enemy. So, yeah, this was still happening as of August 2017.
Based on Perry's comments on The Late Late Show, it seems like the feud could easily come to an end anytime soon if the pair just agreed to end it. Seeing as though they haven't — as it definitely would have been major news if the years-long Perry/Swift feud came to an end — it's unlikely that fans looking for shade will stop anytime soon, whether it be on American Idol, in a music video, or anywhere else.
A female student at the party said, "I had a bad day until I got drunk."
The police did not fail. The mayor and city councillors of Waterloo failed.
They failed to say "Enough is enough," and announce that Ezra Avenue ― and no other street within the city ― shall be taken over by revellers.
Instead of wasting taxpayers' hard-earned dollars to finance an army of police/ambulance/fire for a one-day disgrace on Ezra Avenue, put it toward restoring the City of Waterloo's crumbling infrastructure.
St. Joseph's College held its 99th commencement Wednesday at NYCB Live's Nassau Coliseum.
Number of graduates
745 undergraduate degrees, 315 graduate degrees.
Commencement speaker
St. Joseph's College President Donald R. Boomgaarden reminded the graduates that a high-paying job, material possessions and fame will not bring them happiness. “What will give you joy and joy to all those around you, is to follow your dream to do good, and to link that dream to a higher cause,” they said.
Student speakers
Conor Johnson, 23, of Holbrook, a political science and history major, told their classmates to never stop learning and to make a difference in the world. “Above all, we must strive to never give up and never ever stop doing what we know is right,” they said. “Even when the odds are long, and the chances of success are slim, it should not be in our nature to surrender to a difficult challenge.”
Nikki Yvette Caputi, 32, of West Islip, who graduated with a master's degree in literacy and cognition, said college provided the support, knowledge and skills needed to excel. “It is up to us to share our intellectual values with the world and reach out to other friends, colleagues, neighbors, communities, and the global audience to cause a movement, inspire hope, take action, and have a positive impact on the world today,” they said.
Get the Breaking News newsletter! Get the latest breaking news as it happens. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
Graduates
Marissa Boncimino, 23, criminal justice
“I was a C, B student,” said Boncimino, of Port Jefferson Station. That is until they had their daughter, Vivianne, who's now 1. “I'm an A student now. I made the dean's list, so she's completely my motivation.”
Darren Opoku, 21, business
“It's really bittersweet because first-year student year I was just trying to figure out the quickest way to graduate, but now I'm kind of sad,” said Opoku of North Babylon. “All my friends, a lot of people I'm going to miss. But everyone has to move on sometimes in life.”
Sandra Grant, 57, health administration
“I wanted to move up, not just be a bedside nurse,” said Grant, of Orange, New Jersey, who has been a nurse for 32 years. “With me having my bachelor's, it's a plus. It teaches you how to manage people.”
Anthony Farina, 23, child studies
The Lake Grove resident said their career plan is motivated in part by negative experiences they had in school while growing up. “I had many teachers that made me feel like I didn't know what I was talking about, or put me down,” Farina said. They plan to get their master's in school counseling to be there for other children, be someone they feel they can turn to. “It's all about the kids,” they said.
