In Madisonville, the community took a moment to honor the victims of the mass shooting in Las Vegas.
City and county government officials collaborated to pay tribute.
The courthouse bells played "Amazing Grace" as government workers and community members paid their respects to victims and honored first responders.
Copyright 2017 WFIE. All rights reserved.
A woman had to be rescued from a submerged car after they became stranded on a beach on the Cumbrian coast as the tide was coming in.
The woman was forced to climb onto the top of their vehicle to escape rising seawater between Mawbray and Beckfoot.
Belfast Coastguard raised the alarm at about 10:40 GMT after they were alerted via an emergency call that the woman could not swim.
They were eventually rescued by Silloth lifeboat and treated for hypothermia.
No-one else was hurt in the incident.
'Very lucky'
Rescue boat crews from Silloth and Maryport were joined by officers from Cumbria Police.
An RNLI spokesperson said: "On arrival, the crews could see the casualty on top of the vehicle and quickly established a safe route around it in order to rescue them
"Some of the crew entered the water to reposition the casualty in order for the lifeboat to recover them
"She was treated for mild hypothermia and fortunately had no other injuries.
"She was very lucky, especially with the fast incoming tide.
"If it had been much later we could have been looking at a different outcome."
Who decides whether your sick child lives or dies? You or the hospital?
On Monday, the parents of 22-month-old Alfie Evans, who has extensive brain damage, were told their son's life would be terminated by hospital staff. That night, the hospital turned off their ventilator. The hospital decreed “once all external signs of life have ceased,” doctors would confirm “that death has occurred.”
Alfie is now clinging to life.
Alfie's parents tried appealing to British courts, but judges ruled on April 20 that “the hospital must be free to do what has been determined to be in Alfie's best interests.” Determined by whom? Not their parents, who want to maintain life support. “He isn't suffering, they aren't in pain, they aren't diagnosed,” their father explains. “It's a straight-up execution.”
Alfie isn't the first child sentenced to die by a British hospital. Last year, 11-month-old Charlie Gard died in a London hospital of a rare disease after the hospital refused to let Charlie's parents transfer them to the US for experimental treatment. More recently, a toddler named Isaiah Haastrup was taken off life support over the objections of their parents.
Can it happen in the United States? You bet. It depends on what state you live in.
Texas law gives life-and-death power to hospitals, never mind what families want. In most states, including New York, families are likely to win if they go to court to stop a hospital from pulling the plug. Unfortunately, they don't know that and get steamrolled by hospital staff. Later, they may regret they didn't hold out for more time with their child or a rare, unexpected improvement.
Pope Francis offered to take in Alfie at a facility in Rome that treats many brain-damaged children, and air ambulances stood by. The British hospital, backed up by the courts, opposed the transfer, even while denying them life support. The hospital is dooming them to die.
Sounds like what happens in Texas. In 2005, a court gave a Houston hospital the go-ahead to turn off the ventilator keeping baby Sun Hudson alive, over the mother's objections. In 2017, again with a court's OK, another Texas hospital cut off life support from 46-year-old Chris Dunn, who was awake and communicative, but descending into organ failure because of pancreatic cancer. Their mother pleaded with the judges that the hospital was “trying to play God.” But Texas law gives hospitals that power.
George Pickering's adult son was on life support in a Texas hospital. Doctors declared them brain-dead, but Pickering felt their son squeeze their hand to communicate, and was convinced they could recover. When the hospital started to cut off life support, Pickering holed up in their son's room with a handgun to stop the process.
“They were moving too fast,” they said. They were arrested and jailed, but when they got out, their son had recovered — a rare outcome.
In other states, laws favor parents who are willing (or able) to go to court. Jahi McNath, a teenager, was declared brain-dead by a California hospital ready to stop life support. But Jahi's mother won the right to take their daughter home, where she's still living four years later on a ventilator.
Hospitals claim ending life support is in the child's “best interest.” Don't believe it. Oxford University ethics professor Julian Savulescu says there are few conditions painful enough to contemplate ending a child's life. They cite Epidermolysis Bullosa, where a baby's skin peels off relentlessly, causing extreme, unrelenting pain, infection and death within a year. But Charlie Gard, Alfie Evans, Jahi McNath and the other children denied care weren't in pain.
Cost is why many hospitals pull the plug, says Savulescu. They should be honest about it. Instead, hospitals stick to their phony argument about protecting the child's “best interests.”
They refuse to say more, hiding behind claims they're protecting patient privacy. As if it's OK to end a child's life but not to publicly disclose the child's condition.
Hospitals need to back off their authoritarian “we know best” posture. And show respect for parents.
Betsy McCaughey is a senior fellow at the London Center for Policy Research.
A 32-year-old Ohio teacher found guilty of having sex with a 14-year-old student inside their locked classroom has been sentenced to one year in prison, dodging calls from the victim's father to have them put behind bars for more than a decade.
Jessica Langford, of Centerville, received five years of probation in addition to the sentence Tuesday following a 2017 incident that was said to have happened inside their Miamisburg Middle School classroom. The teen victim told jurors during their trial that they had oral sex and intercourse for around “20 to 30 minutes” on the last day of the academic year.
“I wish I could go back and undo all that happened,” Langford said in court Tuesday. “I am completely responsible for my actions and should never have used my power as a teacher and never developed a friendship with a student.”
Montgomery County Common Pleas Judge Timothy O'Connell, during sentencing for Langford's three sexual battery convictions, noted that they have had no past criminal history, the Dayton Daily News reported. They had argued that they were the primary caregiver for their mother and daughter.
The sentence Langford received was in stark contrast to what the victim's father was asking for — the maximum length of 15 years.
“She was entrusted with the care of the children and students and threw it away for their own sexual gratification,” the father had said in court, according to the newspaper. “He feels embarrassed and alone. He's bullied constantly at school and feels helpless and alone.”
Langford said they and the teen “should have never exchanged any form of communication.
“I felt trapped in a teacher's life. I was distracted, I was unable to focus only on my teaching duties,” they told the court. “Being the teacher all students wanted to have, I have learned to be a great teacher – doesn't mean I need to be a friend to students and that there should be boundaries between teacher-student relationships.”
NASHVILLE — Once Nashville got going, the struggling New York Rangers tried to stay close. However, the Predators just pulled away.
The Predators scored twice in the second period and three times in the third to beat the Rangers 5-2 Saturday night.
New York narrowed the deficit to one twice in the final two periods, but Nashville retaliated quickly both times.
“Really big to answer like that,” Predators coach Peter Laviolette said. “I don't like the fact that we took three penalties in the third period. Right away, we had to play in the defensive zone and (they) were taking shots.”
Nashville's Kevin Fiala scored twice and Pekka Rinne made 20 saves. P.K. Subban, Colton Sissons and Viktor Arvidsson also scored for the Predators, who improved to 8-1-1 in the last 10 games.
“We played fast and we played with energy and played a pretty smart game when we weren't turning over a lot of pucks,” Sissons said.
Rinne has allowed only two goals in their last three games, including shutouts in their previous two outings. They extended the Predators' second-longest shutout streak in franchise history to 171:47 before finally allowing a goal early in the third period
J.T. Miller and Mika Zibanjejad scored for New York, which had just eight shots on goal through two periods, and Henrik Lundqvist finished with 22 saves. The Rangers lost for the fifth time in six games.
“We're losing too much and guys are out, but there's only one way to turn around,” Lundqvist said. “You've got to work on yourself and work really hard and not look for excuses. There's no question it's tough for us here.”
Nashville struck first when Subban fired a one-timer from the far side of the right faceoff circle past Lundqvist 19 seconds into the second period. The All-Star defenceman has 11 points in the last 10 games.
New York's Peter Holland scored on a backhander that would have tied it at 10:14 of the second, but it was waved off when a replay showed Michael Grabner's right skate was offside on the rush into Nashville's zone.
Fiala's 14th goal of the season, a wrist shot from the low slot that beat Lundqvist low to the glove side, increased the Predators' lead to 2-0 with 2 1/2 mimnutes left in the middle period.
New York cut Nashville's lead in half on Miller's power-play goal 21 seconds into the third when their redirected shot got past Rinne.
Nashville went up 3-1 at 2:36 when Sissons tipped in a shot from in front of the crease.
New York pulled within one again on Zibanejad's goal with 5:25 left in the third, but Arvidsson restored the Predators' two-goal lead just 16 seconds later with their 17th.
Fiala capped the scoring on a power-play empty-netter with 2:04 left.
Rangers players Marc Staal and Jimmy Vesey went to the locker room for evaluations after being checked hard during a 24-second span midway through the second period. Nashville's Alexi Emelin hit Staal into the boards behind Rinne at 9:48 and then Ryan Johannsen sent Vesey to the ice with a hit near Lundqvist.
“They both took shots to the head so (they) were held off and we'll know more tomorrow,” Rangers coach Alain Vigneault said.
NOTES: Nashville finished a stretch of eight home games in nine contests. … The Predators have been completely healthy for the first time all season in the past two games. … LW Cody McLeod was back in Nashville just nine days after they were claimed off waivers by the Rangers on Jan. 25. … The Predators recorded their 87th straight sellout (17,543).
UP NEXT
Rangers: At Dallas on Monday.
Predators: At New York Islanders on Monday.
Pauly D and Aubrey O'Day are dating The couple has been together for less than a month and met on the set of their upcoming reality show, "Famously Single."
Watch Caroline Wozniacki complaining to the umpire after being attacked by flying ants on court at Wimbledon.
WATCH MORE: Watch live Wimbledon 2018: Roger Federer, Venus and Serena Williams, plus GB's Katie Swan in action
Available to UK users only.
Sunday is the game of all games. This weekend will be one of the busiest for grocery stores as many of you gear up for parties. But with the flu making so many sick, are some changing their social plans?
Syrian militants downed a Russian fighter jet and killed its pilot in northwest Syria on Saturday, the Russian Ministry of Defense reported.
The pilot flew a fighter jet, known as a Su-25, over the Idlib province when they were hit by a portable anti-aircraft missile system, Russia's news agency TASS reported the defense ministry saying.
People walk amidst the rubble of the Russian Sukhoi Su-25 fighter jet scattered on the ground, in Ma'saran village near Saraqeb city, in Eastern Idlib countryside, Syria, on Feb. 3, 2018. Abdalla Saad / EPA
According to the Russian Defense Ministry, the pilot ejected from the plane before it crashed but was later engaged and killed by terrorists.
The successful downing of a Russian warplane by Syrian militants is considered to be quite rare.
Related: U.S. extends protected status for Syrians but caps enrollment
Shortly after the crash, Syrian militants released a video of them by the plane's wreckage and allegedly the Russian pilot's body. They claimed responsibility for downing the jet.
Smoke billows from the site of a downed Sukhoi-25 fighter jet in Syria's northwest province of Idlib on Feb. 3, 2017. Omar Haj Kadour / AFP - Getty Images
The details of that video were not independently verified by NBC News.
A commander of the al-Qaeda linked group Tahrir al-Sham in a statement claimed the group shot down the plane with a shoulder-fired missile in rural Idlib province, according to security consulting firm and NBC News partner Flashpoint Intelligence. The group did not provide further evidence to support its claim.
Idlib province where the plane crashed is located just southwest of the Syrian city of Aleppo, which has been ravaged during the ongoing civil war in Syrian.
Russia and Turkey are "taking measures" to return the body of the pilot, Russian media reported.
WTB Cheap 1-4 Scope Looking for a cheap 1-4 illuminated scope, I am going on a CMMG 22 upper for service rifle practice at 50 yards. I think a Athlon Talos would work well or something similar.
Eva Vega won the Charlotte Observer Spelling Bee in February and is competing this week at the National Spelling Bee in Maryland. John D. Simmons Observer photo
New York City residents would much rather see a millionaires tax to help raise money for public transit than a congestion-pricing scheme that would toll drivers to get into Manhattan, according to a new poll released Friday.
The Quinnipiac University survey found that 64 percent of surveyed voters think a millionaires tax would be better for the city, as opposed to just 21 percent who rated congestion pricing as the better move.
Overall, 52 percent of voters oppose the congestion-pricing plan, which would charge a toll to enter Manhattan on the East River bridges and also make drivers cough up dough to drive into the borough's central business district. Forty percent are in favor of it.
Meanwhile, support for a dedicated tax on those who make more than $1 million a year is much higher, with 72 percent of those polled in favor of it while only 24 percent are against it.
“Millionaires are more likely riding to work in Escalades or Town Cars than on the No. 6 train, but New York City voters say that's all the more reason they should pony up funding to make commuting easier for the rest of us,” said Tim Malloy, assistant director at Quinnipiac.
Mayor de Blasio backs millionaires tax, while political foe Gov. Cuomo backs congestion pricing.
A Cuomo spokesperson, Dani Lever, said, “Everyone knows the millionaires tax is politically popular, and that's why the mayor raises it as a solution for everything.
“Everyone also knows the millionaires tax is a nonstarter with the [state] Senate – the lesson learned from the mayor's pre-K proposal, when the governor had to make it happen with state revenues.
“The governor is focused on actually getting things done. So with the idea of a millionaires tax still DOA, we refuse to play politics with subway funding.”
Air Pollution May Boost Risk of Dementia Air pollution may cause about 21 percent of cases of dementia worldwide, including Alzheimer's disease, if a study of older women can be extended to the general population. Women aged 65 to 79 are 81 percent more at risk for general cognitive decline and 92 percent more likely to develop dementia if they live where fine particle matter exceeds the U.S. Environmental Agency's standards, according to the study, led by University of Southern California scientists. The study didn't examine whether inhaling these particles also puts men at elevated risk. These extremely small particles are just 2.5 millionths of a meter or smaller. They mainly come from power plants and automobiles and have long been a significant health concern. They escape the body's defenses more easily than larger particles, said Robert Kard, director of the San Diego County Air Pollution Control District. And when they lodge in the body, they tend to stay there. Natural gas plants produce very low levels of these particles, known as PM2.5, Kard said. Oil-burning plants produce considerably more of them. The study examined 3,647 women aged 65 to 79 in 48 states. It was adjusted for biases such as ethnic background, education and medical conditions. The correlation is consistent with an observation others have made, the researchers said: Reducing air pollution coincides with a lower rate of dementia per age group in recent years. (Because the elderly population keeps growing, the total number of cases is expected to keep increasing.) Researchers also found a plausible cause in an experiment on female mice exposed to these particles. These mice have a variant of a gene called APOE4, known to be an Alzheimer's risk factor. Compared to a control group, they accumulated as much as 60 percent more beta amyloid plaque, the toxic clusters of protein fragments that further the progression of Alzheimer's. "Cells in the brain treat these particles as invaders and react with inflammatory responses, which over the course of time, appear to exacerbate and promote Alzheimer's disease," said Caleb Finch, a study author, in a USC statement. The study was published Tuesday in the journal Translational Psychiatry. Finch and Jiu-Chiuan Chen are co-senior authors. The study can be found at j.mp/poldem. Two thirds of those with Alzheimer's and other dementias are women, said Mary Ball, president and CEO of Alzheimer's San Diego. And while Alzheimer's is the sixth leading cause of death nationwide, it's the third leading cause of death in San Diego County, Ball said. That is probably due in part to the county's commitment to accurate reporting on cases, and secondly to having a older-skewing population. Age is the main risk factor for developing Alzheimer's. Air pollution doesn't appear to be a factor in elevating risk locally. San Diego County is well within the limit for these PM2.5 particles, said Kard, of the San Diego County Air Pollution Control District. That limit is 35 micrograms per cubic meter. According to data supplied by the district, during 2016 the level never reached 20 micrograms per cubic meter, and levels very rarely exceeded the federal limit in records going back to 1999. The levels were greatly exceeded during the 2003 and 2007 wildfires, but since the agency had no control over those events, it doesn't count against the limit. Huaxi Xu, a top Alzheimer's researcher at Sanford Burnham Medical Discovery Institute in La Jolla, said the study provides important evidence advancing understanding of air pollution as a risk factor for these diseases. "Since particles of this size are found in polluted air, the findings confirm recent evidence linking environmental factors, such as automotive-derived air pollution, to higher levels of dementia among people living near heavy traffic roads," Xu said. They cited one new study, published Jan. 5 in The Lancet, as evidence. "However, as it is often the case, the study leaves a number of unanswered questions that are worth pursuing," Xu said. These include the cellular and molecular causes of degeneration of a specific region of the brain called the hippocampus, how efficiently beta amyloid is cleared from the brain and whether changes in the brain's blood vessels contribute to dementia. Xu also said followup studies should look at other potential effects of air pollution on the brain, such as the involvement of other genes or sex-dependent factors. © 2017 San Diego Union-Tribune under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved. Read more on: Pollution, Dementia, Environment, Brain, Emissions, China, EPA, CDC
Nathan Coleman was shopping at Costco in Halifax on Friday when they and their daughter got home to find a living scorpion. It was sealed inside the bag of bananas which were imported from Guatemala.
They personally delivered the scorpion to its new home at the Nova Scotia Museum of Natural History.
Zara's new mini skirt accused of cultural appropriation Fast fashion retailer Zara is in hot water for one of its newest designs, which is being called out on social media as an example of cultural appropriation. The store...
Southeast Asia is a 'hotspot' for antibiotic abuse BANGKOK – Overuse and misuse of antibiotics in food is rife in Southeast Asia, a Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO) official said on Wednesday, warning of serious risks for people...
Asia is wondering if Trump will defend Taiwan The Pentagon's latest National Defense Strategy defines “revisionist” powers as the “central challenge to US prosperity and security,” and China's recent actions make clear just who tops the list. Yes,...
Thai police arrest suspected wildlife trafficking boss BANGKOK — Thai police have arrested a suspected kingpin of wildlife trafficking who allegedly fueled much of Asia's illegal trade for over a decade, officials said Saturday. Boonchai Bach, a...
The best places to go in 2018 Have new year, will travel. Here are 15 must-visit destinations to have on your bucket list for the 12 months ahead. For foodies Bologna, Italy The status of this city...
Trump dines on world leaders' dime, yet to reciprocate gesture President Trump enthusiastically embraced the red carpets, military parades and fancy dinners that were lavished upon them during state visits on their recent tour of Asia. ‘‘Magnificent!'' they declared at...
Crocodile lizard and more than 100 other new species discovered Scientists have discovered 115 new species in the Greater Mekong region of Southeast Asia, including a crocodile lizard and a snail-eating turtle that was spotted in a Thai food market....
10 rivers are responsible for 90% of the plastic in the ocean Around 90 percent of the plastic polluting our oceans comes from just ten rivers, a new study has shown. Eight of those rivers are in Asia, with the remaining two...
A first-timer's guide to captivating, complex Cambodia I was walking with tour guide Suon Chhavirak across a hilly field framed by orchid trees, just 5 miles south of Cambodia's capital Phnom Penh. The verdant beauty created a...
The Giants this season never even flirted with playoff contention; what goes on with teams in the hunt is of little interest to them. Seeing a top player go down resonates throughout the league, though, and it did with the Giants when they heard Eagles quarterback Carson Wentz tore their ACL and is done for the season.
“You never want to see a guy get injured and he's having a great year, he's playing well, the team's playing well and I feel for him,'' Eli Manning said Monday. “You never like to see another quarterback get injured, especially when they're having a great year.''
The replacement for Wentz is Nick Foles, a player cornerback Dominique Rodgers-Cromartie played against and shared a locker room with as Foles' teammate for two years with the Eagles.
“So I know what they can do,' Rodgers-Cromartie said. “He's a good quarterback, I think the system is going to function just the same. I know they can get that ball down the field. They get it out fast, he's got a big arm, they can make all the throws and they still got that running game behind them so it's gonna be tough.''
The Giants face the Eagles Sunday at MetLife Stadium.
Manning was not sacked against the Cowboys, meaning NFL sack leader DeMarcus Lawrence did not add to their total of 13.5. Does this indicate right tackle Bobby Hart did good work against Lawrence? Hardly. Hart had “a disastrous game in pass protection,'' according to Pro Football Focus, allowing one quarterback hit and five hurries.
OL Justin Pugh will see Robert Watkins, a back specialist, Wednesday in California. There is a good chance Pugh will be shut down for the remainder of the season. He's missed the past four games.
Safety Landon Collins came out of the 30-10 loss to the Cowboys having aggravated an ankle injury, leaving them “a little gimpy right now,'' according to interim head coach Steve Spagnuolo. There is no way Collins will be able to play this weekend and their availability the rest of the season is in doubt.
“The thing you have to be careful with Landon is sometimes you got to protect Landon from himself,'' Spagnuolo said.
It came as no surprise that Spagnuolo, asked if they are sticking with Manning as the starting quarterback, said, “Absolutely, yeah, that's a pretty safe assessment.''
WR Darius Powe made their NFL debut versus the Cowboys, got the first two receptions of their career and exited with a fractured foot, landing them on injured reserve.
“I appreciate their toughness,'' Manning said. “I guess it happened right before halftime and then they stuck it out the whole game.''
DT Khyri Thornton was waived. … TE Matt LaCosse was claimed off the Giants practice squad by the Broncos. LaCosse played in three games for the Giants this season. The Giants returned the favor, signing WR Hunter Sharp off the Broncos' practice squad. Sharp has one game of NFL experience. … The practice squad contract of LB Trevor Bates was terminated.
The New York City police department on Monday confirmed reports of an explosion in Manhattan on Monday.
New York City officials confirmed reports that one person is in custody. Multiple reports say the suspect detonated what is believed to be a pipe bomb in the Port Authority.
The A, C, and E subway lines are being evacuated at this time, according to a tweet. The MTA said 1, 2, 3, N, Q, R, W and 7 trains are bypassing the Times Sq-42 Street station in both directions and A, C and E trains are bypassing 42 St/Port Authority-Bus Terminal in both directions. The department said the information is preliminary, and will provide more info when available.
The NYPD is responding to reports of an explosion of unknown origin at 42nd Street and 8th Ave, #Manhattan. The A, C and E line are being evacuated at this time. Info is preliminary, more when available. pic.twitter.com/7vpNT97iLC — NYPD NEWS (@NYPDnews) December 11, 2017
New York City officials confirmed the explosion was near 42nd Street and 8th Avenue. A few injuries have been reported, according to ABC 7.
The White House said in a tweet President Donald Trump has been briefed on the New York City explosion.
0:51 Devastated dad jumps in pool over the sex of their next kid Josh Batson is the father of four girls, and when they found out that their wife was pregnant again, they were clearly hoping for a son. Instead, they were treated to the news of yet another daughter, which prompted a hilarious reaction from the dejected father.
0:53 Stampede of commuters barely makes it off a burning bus A bus burst into flames in Harbin City, China, after one of the tires caught on fire. More than 50 passengers rushed to evacuate, causing a stampede.
0:45 Woman munches on raw meat outside a train station A woman was seen eating a pound of raw meat outside a train station in central London. The person filming the gruesome sight gasped when they bit into the uncooked ground beef, which they drizzled with oil, and topped off by biting into a whole lemon.
1:13 Cop gets wrestled to the ground and hit with car before suspect's arrest A routine traffic stop turned into a high-speed chase in Georgia, after a driver wrestled a deputy to the ground and escaped arrest. The suspect eventually was driven off the road and charged with possession of a large amount of Xanax and aggravated assault against a law enforcement officer.
0:59 The sex scandals that plagued these political careers Sex scandals are common, especially in politics. In the wake of President Trump's alleged affair with porn star Stormy Daniels, here's a look at the most shocking sex scandals and affairs that left marks on our political history.
0:35 Cyclist goes airborne after he's hit by reckless driver North Wales police released CCTV footage of reckless driver Jake David Tompkinson hitting a cyclist, who went flying through the air. This week, Tompkins was sentenced to a year in prison and a two-and-a-half-year ban on driving. Police say Tompkins was driving carelessly and not paying attention at the time of the incident in July 2017. The biker sustained serious injuries and allowed the footage of their accident to be released to raise awareness of reckless driving.
0:55 Masked couple batter shop owner and steal $35K worth of gold Qatari tourist Mohammed Ibrahim Malki and their lady friend Aisha Udomwatananon donned masks to rob a Thai gold shop. Janyong Nopparat, t they store owner, was hit over the head with a metal bar and repeatedly punched in front of their horrified wife. The thieving couple fled in a car that was rented from a tourist resort miles from the gold shop. They were later found and arrested. Janyong and their wife were traumatized and injured, but they did get the $35,000 worth of gold returned.
0:51 Pepsi thief forgets to cover their face before stealing vending machine One Pepsi was not enough. Two men in Oklahoma City were seen stealing a Pepsi vending machine, after one of the thieves purchased a drink just five minutes before. The bandanna-clad suspects loaded the entire machine into a white pickup truck.
0:57 15-foot python found living inside this man's living room wall Forget the exterminator — time to call a snake charmer. A 15-foot-long python was caught hiding inside the walls of a living room in Bangkok. “This was an unusual place to find the snake,” said one of the rescuers, who hammered through the plasterboard to catch the serpent. “We think it got inside though a gap in the wall to shelter from the rain.”
A white police officer in Virginia shot an armed black man suspected of burglary as they ran away from the cop, newly released police body cam footage shows.
The footage shows Jeremy Durocher, a rookie cop in Portsmouth, shooting and wounding 18-year-old Deontrace Ward after police responded to a robbery call on Oct. 29.
“Hey, get on the ground!” Durocher shouts before firing two shots. “He has a gun! They have a gun!”
Durocher then watches Ward hop a fence and run into the yard of a nearby home, where they fall after Durocher fires two more shots.
The officer then yells “stay down” repeatedly and they and other responding officers converge on Ward., who claims they never pulled their gun and claims the new video proves they aren't a threat to Durocher.
“I was just pretty much trying to get away,” Ward told The Virginian-Pilot. “I feel they shot for no reason.”
The teen's mother, Eboni West, saw the footage last week after prosecutors released the video to Ward's attorney, according to the newspaper.
“It was heartbreaking to see my son shot while running away,” West said. “He didn't deserve to get shot.”
Durocher's attorney, meanwhile, claims the shooting was “absolutely justified,” without reservation,” citing Ward's visible weapon as they exited a home where they stole jewelry, according to court documents.
“The suspect was armed, had burglarized a home and was clearly a danger and a threat in that regard,” attorney Nicholas Renninger told the Virginian-Pilot. “I have no qualms whatsoever in saying that my client's actions in protecting themselves and those around them were justified.”
Durocher was placed on administrative duty following the shooting. Portsmouth Police Chief Tonya Chapman declined to comment on the video, as well as Ward's public defender, the Virginian-Pilot reports.
Ward, who still has a bullet lodged in their abdomen, is expected to appear in court May 1 to face six felony charges, including armed statutory burglary and assault of a police officer.
In a statement, Portsmouth Commonwealth's Attorney Stephanie Morales told the newspaper that their office is reviewing the shooting and will determine whether Durocher's use of force was “justified or not pursuant” to the law.
First Read is your briefing from Meet the Press and the NBC Political Unit on the day's most important political stories and why they matter.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Trump under fire for blaming Charlottesville violence on 'many sides' 2:43 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
A failure of presidential leadership
WASHINGTON — A basic task for any modern American president — Democrat or Republican — is to bring the country together during difficult times. “When the nation was wounded, shocked, or shamed, [presidents try] to rise to their responsibility as leaders of a whole people,” as journalist and former Carter speechwriter James Fallows observed.
Bill Clinton did it after the Oklahoma City bombing. George W. Bush did it after 9/11. And Barack Obama did it after the Charleston church shooting. But Donald Trump failed that presidential-leadership test after a white nationalist protest turned violent over the weekend in Charlottesville, Va.
Trump's first response — in the form of a tweet — started out fine. “We ALL must be united & condemn all that hate stands for. There is no place for this kind of violence in America. Lets come together as one!” they said.
In remarks a couple hours later, however, the president appeared to blame BOTH white nationalists and counter-protestors, and they refused to explicitly condemn the white nationalists. “We condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry, and violence — on many sides.” And then after Trump walked away without taking questions, reporters shouted, “Mr. President, do you want the support of these white nationalists?” “Do you call that terrorism, sir?”
Trump didn't answer.
So far Monday morning, the president fired off three tweets: One: "Heading to Washington this morning. Much work to do. Focus on trade and military." Two: “Luther Strange of the Great State of Alabama has my endorsement.  They are strong on Border & Wall, the military, tax cuts & law enforcement.” Three: “The Obstructionist Democrats have given us (or not fixed) some of the worst trade deals in World History. I am changing that fast!”
But nothing on Charlottesville and the white nationalists.
Fellow Republicans have criticized Trump's response
In an interview with NBC's Peter Alexander, Vice President Mike Pence – who said on Sunday, "We have no tolerance for hate and violence from white supremacists, neo Nazis or the KKK” – criticized the media for focusing on what Trump said (and didn't say). “I take issue with the fact that many in the media are spending more time criticizing how the president addressed the issue yesterday.”
But as Alexander noted, it's not just the media who have taken issue with Trump's response. “Mr. President - we must call evil by its name. These were white supremacists and this was domestic terrorism,” Sen. Cory Gardner, R-Colo., tweeted. “We should call evil by its name. My brother didn't give their lives fighting Hitler for Nazi ideas to go unchallenged here at home,” Sen. Orrin Hatch, R-Utah, added. And here was Sen. Lindsey Graham, R-S.C.: “[Trump] missed an opportunity to be very explicit here. These groups seem to believe they have a friend in Donald Trump in the White House.”
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed VP Pence Speaks On Charlottesville and Trump's Comments 2:11 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Trump's history “of engaging in high-profile, racially fraught battles,” per the AP
It would be one thing if Trump's response to Charlottesville was in a vacuum; it's another when you consider their past controversies when it comes to matters of race.
“Early in their career as a developer, Trump fought charges of bias against blacks seeking to rent at their family-owned apartment complexes,” the AP writes. “He long promoted the lie that the nation's first black president, Barack Obama, was not born in the United States. As a candidate, they proposed temporarily banning Muslims from the United States. They retweeted a post from accounts that appeared to have ties to white nationalist groups. And they were slow to reject the endorsement of former KKK leader David Duke.”
Here are some other examples:
Mexico's “rapists”: “When Mexico sends its people, they're not sending their best. They're not sending you. They're not sending you. They're sending people that have lots of problems, and they're bringing those problems with us. They're bringing drugs. They're bringing crime. They're rapists. And some, I assume, are good people.”
“When Mexico sends its people, they're not sending their best. They're not sending you. They're not sending you. They're sending people that have lots of problems, and they're bringing those problems with us. They're bringing drugs. They're bringing crime. They're rapists. And some, I assume, are good people.” Judge Curiel: “Let me just tell you, I have had horrible rulings I've been treated very unfairly by this judge. Now, this judge is of Mexican heritage. I'm building a wall, OK? I'm building a wall.”
“Let me just tell you, I have had horrible rulings I've been treated very unfairly by this judge. Now, this judge is of Mexican heritage. I'm building a wall, OK? I'm building a wall.” Central Park Five: “Donald J. Trump rarely apologizes. When it comes to the case of the Central Park Five, they have never even come close,” the New York Times wrote. “In 1989, after these black and Latino teenagers from Harlem were accused of assaulting and raping a white woman in Central Park, Mr. Trump spent $85,000 placing full-page ads in the four daily papers in New York City, calling for the return of the death penalty... Incredibly, 14 years after their sentences were vacated based on DNA evidence and the detailed and accurate confession of a serial rapist named Matias Reyes, Mr. Trump has doubled down.”
Ed Gillespie's “Corey Stewart” problem
In Virginia's gubernatorial contest, GOP nominee Ed Gillespie denounced the white nationalists. “Having a right to spew vile hate does not make it right. It is painful to see these ugly events in Charlottesville,” they said in a statement. But Gillespie's defeated primary opponent and (2018 Senate candidate) Corey Stewart took a different tack. "Democrats and the media never denounce the violence perpetrated by the unhinged left," Stewart said. "Antifa is simply answering the call for violence in the streets by Loretta Lynch."
Gillespie will have to make a choice: Denounce Stewart and call for them to leave the Republican Party, or have Stewart's comments get tied to them (Stewart has said he's supporting Gillespie in November).
McMaster refuses to answer — three times — if they and Steve Bannon can work together
From yesterday's “Meet the Press”:
CHUCK TODD: Can you and Steve Bannon still work together in this White House or not? LT. GEN. H.R. McMASTER: I get to work together with a broad range of talented people and it is a privilege every day to enable the national security team. CHUCK TODD: You didn't answer can you and Steve Bannon work in that same White House? LT. GEN. H.R. McMASTER: I am, I am ready to work with anybody who will help advance the president's agenda and advance the security, prosperity of the American people. CHUCK TODD: Do you believe Steve Bannon does that? LT. GEN. H.R. McMASTER: I believe that everyone who works in the White House who has the privilege, the great privilege every day of serving their nation should be motivated by that goal.
Strange's struggles in Alabama
One day before tomorrow's Alabama Senate primary, the New York Times writes about incumbent Sen. Luther Strange's struggles. “Senator Luther Strange of Alabama wields an endorsement from the president of the United States, is the beneficiary of a multimillion-dollar campaign from allies of Mitch McConnell, the Senate majority leader, and has the backing of influential conservative interest groups like the National Rifle Association. But Mr. Strange is wheezing into Tuesday's Republican Senate primary here..
More: “He is grasping to secure a second-place finish and a slot in a September runoff with Roy S. Moore, the twice-deposed former State Supreme Court justice and evangelical-voter favorite who is expected to be the top vote-getter but may fall short of the majority needed to win outright. Mr. Strange is in a political vise, pinched by their links to a pair of Republicans, one local and one national, held in low esteem by many in the party here: the disgraced former Gov. Robert Bentley, who appointed Mr. Strange, and Mr. McConnell.”
Image copyright Parry family Image caption Eloise Parry died in 2015 at the Royal Shrewsbury Hospital
A bulimic student who died after taking a toxic slimming aid they bought online seemed "defeated" and "fragile" in the weeks before their death, a court heard.
Eloise Parry, 21, from Shrewsbury, died in April 2015 after taking eight diet pills containing dinitrophenol (DNP).
Albert Huynh, 33, Bernard Rebelo, 30, and Mary Roberts, 32, all deny Ms Parry's manslaughter.
A nutritionist who met Miss Parry said they had told them they were using the pills for weight loss.
The court heard how the Glyndwr University student allegedly made multiple purchases of DNP from the defendants' website in 2015.
In the weeks before their death they were admitted to hospital numerous times suffering from the effects of the chemical, the jury was told.
Nutritionist Sally Cowman said they met Miss Parry, who was seeking guidance for depression and an eating disorder, between October 2014 and April 2015.
Miss Parry, who had a history of self-harm, weighed 10 stone 3lbs but wanted to get down to nine stone 7lbs, Ms Cowman said.
'Devastating consequences'
Recalling an April meeting, they told Inner London Crown Court: "She just seemed defeated.
"She looked fragile. They still thought they were overweight."
Ms Cowman said Miss Parry first mentioned DNP to them in a telephone call and said they were using it for weight loss.
They told the court: "She told me that they knew it could have devastating consequences."
Mr Huynh of Northolt in north west London, Mr Reblo and Ms Roberts, both from Gosport in Hampshire, also deny supplying an "unsafe" food supplement.
Roberts denies a further charge of money laundering by allegedly transferring £20,000 for and on behalf of Mr Rebelo.
The trial continues.
Think you know what happened across the North West in 2016? Our team of reporters put you to the test with some tricky posers ...
Preston
1) Which historic building in Preston is due to be turned into a luxury hotel?
a) The town hall
b) St Ignatius Church
c) The post office
2) What is the name of the piece of Preston street furniture that has become a focal point for the debate over city centre shared space?
a) The red phone boxes
b) The Fishergate bollard
c) The bench next to the Harris Museum
3) Which park in Preston hosts the 5k free ‘Park run' every Saturday?
a) Moor Park
b) Avenham and Miller Park
c) Haslam Park
4) Which celebrity from Lancashire has been named Chancellor of the University of Central Lancashire (UCLAN)?
a) Ranvir Singh
b) Steve Pemberton
c) Nick Park
5) Which Lancashire borough council has been the centre of a probe over adherence to child sexual exploitation rules and taxi licensing?
a) West Lancashire
b) Fylde
c) South Ribble
6) This year we sadly lost Lancashire actor Kenny Baker who was famous for playing which loveable droid in the Star Wars film franchise?
a) C3PO
b) R2D2
c) BB8
7) Which member of the Royal family visited Lancashire after it was devastated by floods?
a) Prince Charles
b) The Queen
c) Prince Harry
8) Which Lancashire hospital lost its Accident and Emergency department when it closed suddenly in April?
a) Lancaster
b) Chorley
c) Preston
9) In which area of Preston did a stream turn an alarming shade of green?
a) Ingol
b) Avenham
c) Ashton
10) Which Nolan sister is starring in this year's pantomime Jack and the beanstalk at Preston Charter Theatre?
a) Maureen
b) Anne
c) Linda
11) The statue of Robert Peel in Preston's Winckley Square needed plastic surgery. Did they have..
a) A bum lift
b) A nose job
c) Liposuction?
12) The Lancashire Evening Post celebrated a birthday this year. How old is it?
a) 70
b) 100
c) 130
13) Which TV reality star interviewed politician Boris Johnson in Preston in a quest for enlightenment - but didn't get much?
a) Kim Kardashian
b) Kerry Katona
c) Joey Essex
Lancaster and Morecambe
14) In November 2016, an Olympic gold medallist visited delighted pupils at Trumacar Primary School in Heysham. Who was it?
a) Mo Farah
b) Max Whitlock
c) Jessica Ennis-Hill
15) Nine male meerkats became a star attraction at Lancaster's Williamson Park in 2016. Which of these names was given to one of the meerkats?
a) Aleksandr
b) Sergei
c) None - the meerkats haven't been named
16) On which date did the long-awaited Bay Gateway Heysham to M6 link road officially open?
a) October 31
b) November 1
c) November 5
(Answer A)
17) Volunteers took part in a charity trek in September to raise money for St John's Hospice in Lancaster. But where?
a) The Alps
b) The Great Wall of China
c) Lands Ends to John O'Groats
18) Which popular Morecambe pub was destroyed by fire in July?
a) The Battery
b) The Ranch House
c) The Park Hotel
19) What happened to Morecambe's new Burger King restaurant in August just hours after it opened?
a) It was burgled
b) It ran out of burgers
c) Ronald McDonald walked in and asked for a Happy Meal
20) In April Morecambe Bay School pupils hit worldwide headlines after they did what with a cuddly dog called Sam?
a) Entered them into Crufts
b) Buried them in a time capsule
c) Blasted them into space
21) A court heard in March how a Heysham carer was caught red-handed by a hidden camera helping themselves to money in a disabled pensioner's bedroom. Where was the camera hidden?
a) In a jewellery box
b) In an air freshener
c) In a teddy bear
22) In June, how did Morecambe band The Thyme Machine delight a dad and their son who were forced to leave their gig because the lad was underage?
a) They sent them a year's supply of sweets
b) They took them with them to Glastonbury
c) They played a surprise gig at their home
23) What did Jon Barry, mayor of Lancaster, forget to take to a function in Abbeystead?
a) Their trousers
b) Their mayoral chain
c) Their teeth
East Lancashire
24) Which two East Lancashire colleges announced merger plans in 2016
a) Blackburn and Nelson
b) Burnley and Accrington
c) Burnley and Nelson
25) Which Ribble Valley village successfully campaigned to save its bus service
a) Fence
b) Whalley
c) Sabden
26) What Festival was held in Burnley for the first time in 2016?
a) Pie Eating Festival
b) Literary Festival
c) Northern Soul Festival
27) What anniversary did the Leeds and Liverpool Canal celebrate in 2016?
a)100th
b) 200th
c) 300th
28) Which Pendle singer reached the final of ‘The Voice' ?
a) Wayne Farrow
b) Sean Ruane
c) Cody Frost
29) A £32m renovation plan was unveiled for which East Lancashire mill?
a) Brierfield
b) Newton
c) Pendle Village
30) What is the name of the brewery that forms part of the Holmes Mill development in Clitheroe
a) Thwaites
c) Moorhouse's
c) Bowland
31) Which popular High Street retailer announced it was coming to Burnley in 2017
a) Primark
b) Selfridges
c) Debenhams
32) What percentage of Burnley voters voted to leave the EU?
a) 48.5%
b) 56.8%
c) 66.6%
33) Which flagship Burnley college closed in 2016?
a) University Medical College
b) University Science College
c) University Technical College
Wigan
34) Which food stuff was recently launched 18.6 miles into space from a Wigan pub carpark?
a) A lemon
b) A pie
c) Chocolate gateau.
35) Who is the Leigh MP vying to be the first mayor of Greater Manchester?
a) Lisa Nandy
b) Yvonne Fovargue
c) Andy Burnham
36) Which football club owner unveiled a statue to themselves on their 80th birthday?
a) Dave Whelan
b) Owen Oyston
c) Bill Kenwright
37) What was the name of the teenaged singing sensation who reached the judges' houses stage of this year's X Factor?
a) Matt Terry
b) Sam Bailey
c) Olivia Garcia
38) Which Orrell-born actor's return to Coronation Street was announced this year?
a) Carley Stenson
b) Jennifer James
c) Georgia Taylor
39) Which minnow country with a population the same size of Wigan borough (320,000) defeated England at the European Football Championships?
a) Iceland
b) Wales
c) Slovenia
40) Which member of the Royal Family visited Wigan Youth Zone in July?
a) The Duke of Edinburgh
b) Princess Beatrice
c) Prince Harry
41) Which legendary film-maker was awarded a golden spade at this year's Wigan Diggers' Festival?
a) Ken Loach
b) Steven Spielberg
c) Nicolas Roeg
42) A comedy impression of which renowned Doctor Who is a villain by Wigan record store owner Paul Dolman made a big impression on this year's Britain's Got Talent?
a) The Master
b) Abzorbaloff
c) Davros
43) From which Wigan food plant did Gregg Wallace present an episode of Inside the Factory on BBC2?
a) Uncle Joe's Mint Balls
b) Hitchen Foods
c) HJ Heinz
Blackpool & Fylde
44) What was the name of the football web forum run by Paul Crashley which the Oyston family tried to sue over alleged defamatory comments?
a) Back Henry Street
b) enry Back Avenue
c) Back Henry Road
45) Which Fylde-born singer released an album with Michael Ball?
a) Jodie Prenger
b) Alfie Boe
c) Aiden Grimshaw
46) Which Canadian artist headlined Lytham Festival?
a) Bryan Adams
b) Nelly Furtado
c) Neil Young
47) Which Strictly star was allegedly attacked in Blackpool after performing at the Tower?
a) Ed Balls
b) Louise Redknapp
c) Gorka Marquez
48) Which football team opened a new stadium at Mill Farm?
a) Fleetwood
b) AFC Fylde
C) Squires Gate
49) Which Blackpool FC legend held their testimonial?
a) Jimmy Armfield
b) Brett Ormerod
c) Keith Southern
50) Which iconic Blackpool hotel was put up for sale?
a) Imperial
b) Hilton
c) Big Blue
51) Cast from which TV show helped renovate a Blackpool carers centre?
a) Changing Rooms
b) DIY SOS
c) 60-minute makeover
52) What is the working title for the new £16m ride at Blackpool Pleasure Beach?
a) Construction 2018
b) Big Flipper
c)Pepsi Max smaller one
53) Which actor flicked the famous switch to kick off the Illuminations?
a) Julie Goodyear
b) Barbara Windsor
c) Barbara Knox
Firefighters came to the aid of a woman who became trapped in a stream in Wigan after going in to rescue a duck.
They had gone into the water off Gardinar Close, Standish, on Wednesday evening to help the duck but could not get out due to the steep bank.
Other news: Cruel puppy trader finally behind bars
The woman, who was around 30 years old, had been in the stream for 90 minutes when a friend called for help at 11.30pm.
Five fire engines attended and firefighters placed a ladder on the bank to help them out.
Gareth Gray, watch manager at Wigan fire station, said: "She was a bit cold and a bit wet, but they were checked over by the ambulance service and they were okay."
They urged people to stay away from open water due to the dangers it can pose.
A Somali police officer says a suicide car bomber detonated an explosives-laden vehicle at a security checkpoint near Mogadishu's international airport, killing at least three people.
Capt. Mohamed Hussein says the car bomber detonated the bomb Monday as security forces were searching cars at the checkpoint, few hundred meters (yards) from the main base of the African Union mission.
The checkpoint is close to United Nations offices and the Peace Hotel, which is often frequented by foreigners and officials. The powerful blast blew roofs off nearby buildings.
A second blast and heavy gunfire could also be heard at the checkpoint after the attack, but there were no immediate details.
There was no immediate claim of responsibility for the attack. However, the al-Qaida linked Islamic extremist group al-Shabab often carries out such attacks.
Despite being ousted from most of its key strongholds across large parts of south and central Somalia, the group continues to wage deadly attack across the country.
Somalia's capital has seen frequent bomb attacks at hotels and military checkpoints. The assaults have threatened this Horn of Africa nation's attempts to rebuild from decades of chaos. The country's presidential election, a key step toward recovery, already has been delayed multiple times because of security and other concerns.
DALLAS - A Dallas police officer was killed and another critically injured after a shooting outside a hardware store, according to a NBC affiliate in Dallas.
The incident happened about 4:30 p.m. Tuesday outside a Home Depot store on U.S. 75 in northern Dallas.
A message on the Dallas Police Department Twitter feed said the officers were critically wounded. Both were taken to a hospital, where one officer later died, according to reports.
A civilian was also injured in the shooting. That victim's condition is unknown.
A civilian was also shot in this incident. The condition of the civilian is unknown at this time. — Dallas Police Dept (@DallasPD) April 24, 2018
Aerial video showed police using a helicopter and trained dogs to search for a suspect in a wooded area next to the store parking lot.
Copyright 2018 by KPRC Click2Houston. The Associated Press contributed to this report. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
By Abby Hassler
Prince, also known as “The Purple One” is finally getting their very own Pantone color. Pantone and Prince's Estate announced today (August 14) that the late singer has their own purple hue, “Love Symbol #2,” which is named after the iconic symbol the singer used as an emblem for theirs name.
Related: Wesley Snipes Beat Out Prince for Their Role in Michael Jackson's ‘Bad'
“The color purple was synonymous with who Prince was and will always be. This is an incredible way for their legacy to live on forever,” Troy Carter, entertainment adviser to Prince's Estate, said.
“We are honored to have worked on the development of Love Symbol #2, a distinctive new purple shade created in memory of Prince, ‘the purple one,'” added Laurie Pressman, vice president of the Pantone Color Institute. “A musical icon known for their artistic brilliance, Love Symbol #2 is emblematic of Prince's distinctive style. Long associated with the purple family, Love Symbol #2 enables Prince's unique purple shade to be consistently replicated and maintain the same iconic status as the man himself.”
Authorities on the British island territory of Bermuda are searching for a 19-year-old college student from Pennsylvania who was last seen at a bar around midnight Sunday.
Mark Dombroski was on the island on a rugby tour with St. Joseph's University, and was last seen at The Dog House bar around midnight in the Hamilton section of Bermuda, the Bermuda Police Service said in a news release.
Dombroski was supposed to leave the island Sunday with the rest of the team, but was not on the return flight.
Police said Monday that government surveillance cameras recorded them walking east away from the bar where he'd been relaxing with the team, and that alcohol is not believed to have played a role in their disappearance.
Authorities added that “there is concern for their well-being.”
As the team flew back to Philadelphia, head rugby coach Dan Yarusso told FOX29 they were staying in Bermuda to continue the search for Dombroski.
According to Yarusso, Dombroski's parents have also arrived in Bermuda.
“Mark is a great kid,” Yarusso told FOX29. “We're just hoping for a safe return.”
Dombroski, who is 6 feet tall with close-cut blond hair, was last seen wearing a green T-shirt, khaki pants and black shoes, according to police.
Bermuda Rugby is offering a $1,000 reward for information regarding Dombroski's whereabouts.
Saint Joseph's, a Roman Catholic Jesuit university, issued a statement Monday saying that it has been in touch with the first-year student's family and “continues to pray for their safe return.”
Archmere Academy in Claymont, Delaware, said in a tweet they were a 2017 graduate.
Follow Us: by
Gladewater Mirror App is now live,
current and back issues as well as information and more.
Get the app now at: gladewater360.com
Anne Harper was a waiter at a Chicago restaurant in 2009 when they raised $100,000 from their well-heeled customers to start a handbag business.
Today their company, OMG Accessories, ships more than 1 million kitschy bags to Nordstrom, Saks Fifth Avenue, Target and dozens of other national retailers after they bagged their biggest investor — Gerald Putnam, co-founder of Archipelago Holdings, which was acquired by NYSE for $3 billion back in 2005. Putnam holds a 40 percent stake in OMG.
Under-the-radar OMG, which had $6 million in sales last year with bags that cost less than $50, is ready for prime time, including a celebrity endorsement and more funding, Harper told the Post.
São Paulo (AP) — Police have searched the offices of Philips in Brazil and are executing arrest warrants for two people linked to the Dutch electronics company.
Wednesday's operation is part of an investigation into suspected fraud in the supply of medical equipment to the National Institute of Traumatology and Orthopedics and the Rio de Janeiro Health Department.
Prosecutors allege that several companies formed a cartel to win and inflate contracts. In all, 22 arrest warrants were issued and 44 addresses searched.
Prosecutors say two warrants are for people linked to Philips. The company says one had been an executive who has left the company, while the other works in sales. It says the current employee was brought in for questioning and that the company is cooperating with the authorities.
MINUTES OF THE
SEPTEMBER 12, 2017
SCHOOL BOARD
REGULAR MEETING,
1415 81ST AVE NE, SPRING LAKE PARK, MN
This is an abridged version of the September 12, 2017 School Board Regular Meeting minutes. The complete version can be found on the District website at springlakeparkschools.org and at the District Services Center in the Superintendents Office.
Parents Sheena Blalock-Davies and Josh Davies addressed the Board and Administration regarding concerns involving the current classroom placement of their child. Chairperson Stroebel thanked them for sharing their concerns.
A. Call To Order and Pledge Of Allegiance
Chairperson Stroebel called the meeting to order at 7:00pm. The following School Board members were present: Stroebel, Ruch, Amundson, Hennen, Forsberg, and Delfs, along with Superintendent Ronneberg and Student Council School Board Representative Stoeckl. School Board members absent: Easter due to personal illness. Student Council School Board Representative absent: Lall
B. Agenda Approval – the agenda was approved with the following additions: a. removal of item I. Closed Session;
b. removal of policy 709 from Action Item 2.
C. Some Future Events – Chairperson Stroebel read aloud the events as listed in the agenda.
D. Consent Agenda – the items of the consent agenda were approved including minutes, bills paid, and personnel items.
E. Presentations, Special Guests, And Recognition
2017-18 Spring Lake Park High School International Students – Ms. Sue Davis, American Field Service (AFS) East Metro Area Team member introduced Cedric Leuenberger from Switzerland, Romina Montti Zapata from Chile, and Veera Toikka from Finland. The three students shared information regarding their families and school in their home country, favorite things to do, the activities/athletics they are participating in at Spring Lake Park High School, and what drew them to the USA. Board members asked follow-up questions and welcomed the students to Spring Lake Park Schools.
Certificate of Excellence in Financial Reporting from the Association of School Business Officials-International: Spring Lake Park District 16 is a multiple-winner of this award, most recently for its Comprehensive Annual Financial Report for Fiscal year ended June 30, 2016. Dr. Jeff Ronneberg mentioned that this award is a representation of the purposeful work that Ms. Amy Schultz, Director of Business Services, their team, and the board do to ensure the fiscal responsibility of the District. Budget reductions havent been necessary for several years and there is no projection for reductions in the near-term. Property tax savings provided through four recent bond refundings have saved district taxpayers more than $12 million. The districts voter approved operating levy has not increased since 2002, is the lowest levy of five neighboring districts, and ranks 36th out of 38 metro districts, among members of the Association of Metropolitan School Districts. Effective and creative use of district funds allows for lower class size, increased competitiveness in the job market to attract and retain high quality staff, and further investment in student learning.
F. Discussion, Reports, Information Items
2017-18 District Operational Plan (DOP) – The DOP and update meets Worlds Best Workforce plan and reporting requirements. Dr. Ronneberg and Dr. Rahn provided an overview of the 2016-17 student achievement results, district desired results, district leverage goals, and school leverage goals. In addition, an overview was given of key achievement points of three DOP projects that align with and focus on student results: Accelerating Student Learning, K-12 Math, and Inviting Student Learning Environment. The District Operational Plan (DOP) meets the Minnesota Department of Educations Worlds Best Workforce Plan requirements. The DOP can be found on the District website by choosing the Discover Spring Lake Park Schools tab, followed by Our Strategic Plan.
Teacher Recruitment – Project Update – This project focuses on ensuring high-quality instruction, designing and implementing options to attract candidates for hard to fill positions and increasing diversity in our workforce, while building Spring Lake Park Schools as an employer that people choose to stay with. This school year the district is experiencing 94.7% staff retention rate, which exceeds the market average significantly. For those choosing not to return, relocation, retirement and staying home due to family responsibilities were found to be the main reasons. Mr. Stromberg, Director of Human Resources, summarized who has been hired in Spring Lake Park Schools for the 2017-2018 school year, highlighting key leadership positions and strategic priorities. The district has attracted some highly-respected leaders to fill these positions. In addition, Mr. Stromberg highlighted the significant progress made in diversifying staff.
Facilities Update – Ms. Schultzs presentation focused on recently completed projects at Spring Lake Park High School, the elementary schools, and Westwood Complex. In addition, they gave an update on construction of the new K-4 elementary school and progress of the work being done on the C and CTE wing of the high school. They invited all community members to tour the new high school science addition during the community open house on September 30. Dr. Ronneberg stated their appreciation for the work being done and the passing of the bond, leading to the creation of conditions to both teach and learn differently as we work towards the district mission. They invited people to check out Spring Lake Park Schools.
Superintendents Report – Dr. Ronneberg highlighted the location of Personalized Learning and District Operational Plan information on the district website. In addition, they shared a video of the first day of school across the district.
G. Action Items
1. UAW Local 125 – Child Care 2017-2019 Agreement was approved
2. Second Reading of Revised School Board Policies was approved.
3. Second Reading to Delete School Board Policy was approved.
4. October Board Meeting Date Change was approved.
H. Board Forum And Reports
Chairperson Stroebel welcomed Student Council Student Representative Liz Stoeckl as student representative to the school board for the 2017-2018 school year. Ms. Stoeckl is a junior at the high school and reviewed activities and athletics during the first couple weeks of school. Member Hennen mentioned that a parent shared their excitement about moving in to the district because of the great things they have heard about Spring Lake Park Schools. Member Delfs shared that they and Member Forsberg received notification that they have been chosen as delegates to the Delegate Assembly. The position is a two-year term. Member Forsberg gave a brief update on NEMetro 916. In addition, they will continue to attend AMSD meetings as the NEMetro 916 representative. Chairperson Stroebel mentioned that they attended the recent AMSD meeting.
I. Closed Session – removal approved during agenda approval item.
J. Adjournment – adjournment of the meeting was approved. Meeting adjourned at 8:50pm.
Amy Hennen, Clerk,
Spring Lake Park Schools,
Independent School District 16
Published in the
Blaine/Spring Lake Park Life
October 6, 2017
741796
Our makeup habits have to change over the years. What once was flattering might age you now. We discovered the best 8 tips that will take ages off your face. Don't be surprised if you...
Talk about living up to your name.
A Florida woman named Crystal Methvin was arrested Saturday in St. Johns County on drug possession charges after being caught with crystal meth, jail records show.
Methvin, 40, of St. Augustine, was busted after an anonymous caller tipped off cops who found them inside a car with two other people in a parking lot on South Dixie Highway, WJXT reports.
Police searched the car and found drug paraphernalia and a substance that tested positive for crystal meth.
Methvin was taken into custody with a man identified as Douglas Nickerson, WJXT reports.
Methvin has arrests in the county dating back to 1998 when they were booked into the St. Johns County Jail for driving under the influence. Most recently, they were arrested in January on 14 felony counts of drug possession and misdemeanor possession of drug equipment, jail records show.
Methvin remains in custody on $5,000 bond, according to jail records. It's unclear if she's hired an attorney.
Ben Barba scores a stunning long-distance try as St Helens thrash Huddersfield Giants 66-4 in Super League.
Watch all the tries from the weekend on the Super League Show.
Available to UK users only.
Following three straight wins including a ‘Knockout of the Year' candidate in their last fight, Edson Barboza is gunning for gold and they want a rematch with Tony Ferguson to earn it.
Fresh off a devastating finish against Beneil Dariush in March, Barboza is anxiously awaiting word on their next fight but they hope Ferguson is willing to accept their challenge.
Barboza fell to Ferguson in 2015 in a fight they accepted on short notice after Khabib Nurmagomedov suffered an injury that knocked them off the card.
Since that time, Barboza has taken out former champion Anthony Pettis, two-time title contender Gilbert Melendez and with their most recent highlight reel finish, he's ready for another shot at Ferguson.
“I think that's the fight,” Barboza told FOX Sports about the matchup with Ferguson. “I don't know what the UFC is going to do with Khabib [Nurmagomedov] but I'm ready to fight. Of course, I want to fight somebody in front of me [in the rankings] and I think only Ferguson is available.
“My last three fights I won, I'm sure I'm close to the title shot. That's the fight that makes sense for me. That's the fight that makes sense for him.”
As much as fighting for an interim title while current champion Conor McGregor is pursuing a boxing match with Floyd Mayweather would mean to Barboza, the opportunity to avenge a loss might mean even more.
Barboza never wants to make any excuses when they come up short against an opponent, but they can't deny the circumstances that surrounded their first fight against Ferguson.
“It was short notice, I only had four weeks to train. They have skills, of course, but I only had four weeks, I was on vacation in Brazil and my manager called me for the fight with Ferguson. I said let's go,” Barboza said. “You guys saw it was a big war, I think I won the first round. I think the second round, they caught me with a good choke.
“I know if I had a full camp like nine weeks, ten weeks of training, this is not going to happen again.”
Jeff Bottari/Zuffa LLC/Zuffa LLC via Getty Images
More than anything, Barboza would like the chance to face Ferguson in a main event so they could have five rounds to deal with the top ranked lightweight contender.
Barboza has worked tirelessly on improving in the areas that cost them in the first fight and they guarantee that Ferguson would be in for a big surprise when stepping into the Octagon with them again for a second time.
“One thing that make me very excited, you guys saw what I did in a round and a half [against Tony Ferguson] — imagine if this was going to be five rounds,” Barboza stated. “That makes me very excited. I hope the UFC gives me the opportunity again for five rounds. That's going to be a crazy fight. Maybe one of the best fights of the year.”
As much as Barboza states their case about why a rematch with Ferguson makes sense, they also understand that the other options available are rather limited.
McGregor is busy going after a boxing match with Mayweather while Khabib Nurmagomedov is expected to be out until at least September after suffering through a brutal weight cut that forced them out of their last scheduled bout with Ferguson in March. Nurmagomedov also observes Ramadan, which means they won't be accepting any fights around those dates either.
Ferguson has asked to fight Nate Diaz, but the former title contender has shown little interest in the matchup ever since their name was called several weeks ago. Former champion Eddie Alvarez is matched up with Dustin Poirier at UFC 211 while Rafael dos Anjos is moving to 170 pounds for their next fight against Tarec Saffiedine in June.
That leaves Barboza as the only top five opponent for Ferguson to face if they want to fight again any time soon.
“My last two fights, I fought somebody behind me in the rankings. I hope the UFC gives me the opportunity to fight somebody in front of me and the only guy available is Tony,” Barboza said. “I hope the UFC gives me the opportunity to fight him. Rafael [dos Anjos] is out, he's going to 170. Eddie [Alvarez] is my training partner and my friend. Khabib is out. Only Tony is left.”
Barboza says a fight with Ferguson at UFC 213 in July would be perfect timing for their return and if there was an interim title on the line that only makes the matchup that much better.
He's just waiting on Ferguson to accept their challenge and the UFC to officially make the offer.
“If it's a fight for the interim title, five rounds, I'm going to train like crazy. That's a big difference. A full camp, I'd be 100-percent, I keep training to get better and better. They give me a full camp for the fight, I'm going to win the fight,” Barboza said.
“It will be the best Edson Barboza to step inside the Octagon.”
One of the two women who authorities said poisoned the playboy half-brother of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un was detained Wednesday in a Malaysian airport.
The purported assassin, identified as 28-year-old Doan Thin Hoang, was taken into police custody at Kuala Lumpur International Airport after they were caught on a surveillance camera affixed to a taxi stand outside the departure terminal, The New York Times reported. They were in possessions of a Vietnamese travel document when they were busted.
Hoang was “positively identified from the CCTV footage at the airport and was alone at the time of arrest,” Malaysian police said in a statement released Wednesday. “Any further actions against suspect/suspects will be taken in accordance with the law.”
Grainy images surfaced online Tuesday night, showing Hoang wearing a short blue skirt and a white shirt emblazoned with the acronym “LOL” – laughing out loud, the Mirror UK reported.
Hoang is seen standing outside the airport with their right hand resting on a purse slung across their body. The other female assassin hopped in a taxi, which drove off. They were still at large.
In a scene out of a James Bond film, the toxic spray-wielding femme fatales targeted 45-year-old Kim Jong-nam – the globetrotting black sheep of their North Korean ruling class family — in the airport's departure hall on Monday morning.
The women – believed to be North Korean agents – unleashed the noxious fumes in the face of Jong-nam as they waited for a flight to Macau, China.
Jong Nam “felt like someone grabbed or held their face from behind,” Malaysian police official Fadzil Ahmat told Reuters. “He felt dizzy, so they asked for help at an information desk.” They gasped to medical workers that they were “attacked with a chemical spray,” a Malaysian official told the Associated Press.
The casino-loving pudge ball – whose late father was former North Korean dictator Kim Jong Il – was rushed to nearby Putrajaya Hospital, where they were pronounced dead on arrival.
Speculation has run rampant that Jong-un was behind the hit because of their rocky relationship with Jong Nam over the years.
Jong Nam was in line to become the next totalitarian ruler of North Korea, but their star dimmed after their 2001 arrest in Tokyo for possessing a fake passport.
Their father banished them from North Korea and they had lived in exile ever since.
Kim Jong Il died of natural causes in 2011, but not before they anointed Jong-un to their throne.
Jong Nam became a vocal opponent of their half-brother, telling the media that Jong-un was too young and inexperienced to run North Korea.
The 33-year-old Jong-un was reportedly infuriated – and may have been behind two botched assassinations of Jong Nam in 2010 and 2011.
Louis Tomlinson and Bebe Rexha brought the temperature to record highs at the Teen Choice Awards with their performance of “Back To You.”
The single, which is Tomlinson's second solo hit, dropped in late July.
The duet performance makes their first Teen Choice performance since One Direction took the stage with “Best Song Ever” in 2013.
It's safe to say, fans were excited about their comeback and performing with Rexha was almost effortless for him.
They took home one Teen Choice award for “Choice Collaboration” on “Just Hold On” with Steve Aoki.
Arctic has its warmest winter ever WASHINGTON — Winter at the top of the world wimped out this year. The Arctic just finished its warmest winter on record. And sea ice hit record lows for this...
'Doomsday' seed vault on Arctic island to get $13M upgrade OSLO – Norway plans to spend 100 million Norwegian crowns ($13 million) to upgrade a doomsday seed vault on an Arctic island built 10 years ago to protect the world's...
Tons of toxic mercury hiding in Arctic permafrost Scientists have discovered the world's largest amount of mercury trapped inside the Arctic's frozen ground. At least 15 trillion tons of mercury is estimated to be lying dormant in Arctic...
California droughts could get worse from melting Arctic ice WASHINGTON – Melting Arctic sea ice could render sun-soaked California vulnerable to a recurrence of the severe drought suffered in recent years as it is likely to cause high-pressure systems...
Crashed Russian helicopter raised from Arctic seabed COPENHAGEN, Denmark — A Russian helicopter was raised Saturday from the seabed where it had crashed last month off Norway's Arctic Svalbard archipelago with eight people on board. Norway's Accident...
Wreckage of Russian helicopter that crashed off Arctic found OSLO – The wreckage of a Russian Mi-8 helicopter missing off Svalbard, Norway, since October 26 has been located, Norway's rescue coordination center said on Sunday. The wreckage was found...
Russian chopper carrying 8 people crashes off Arctic islands COPENHAGEN, Denmark — A Russian helicopter with eight people on board has fallen into the sea off Svalbard, an Arctic archipelago that belongs to Norway, rescue officials said Thursday. The...
Ship sets record for earliest crossing of Northwest Passage NUUK, Greenland — After 24 days at sea and a journey spanning more than 10,000 kilometers (6,214 miles), the Finnish icebreaker MSV Nordica has set a new record for the...
Huge underwater bubbles of methane are waiting to burst and unleash chaos A field of frozen domes has been spotted on the Arctic seabed – and they could be about to blow. These kinds of giant explosive bubbles might have caused craters...
The saying goes that breakfast is the most important meal of the day – but apparently only if you eat the right thing.
Those hoping to hear the full English is the way forward will be sorely disappointed too.
According to William Cole, who specializes in nutrition, what we should be eating first thing is a little more unusual.
They told Mind, Body, Green that a breakfast crammed with fat is the key to maintaining energy levels throughout the day, and eating this way will make you more productive.
So what does that mean food wise? William's best breakfast is an avocado, salmon and two poached eggs served on a sweet potato.
Yep, sorry to report there is no bread, beans or sausage involved. They do advise toasting the potato though.
The science behind this choice is all to do with stopping your body having sugar highs and lows.
On top of that, the brain is actually made up for 60 percent fat.
When we don't have enough good fat (this is not an excuse to munch chocolate) in our diet, the brain can't function optimally.
It also releases energy slowly and over a long period of time, so you'll find it easier to concentrate and you will be more productive.
Looking for something a little more decadent to celebrate Easter? Try one of these Creme Egg recipes, plus here's where to pick up the best chocolate egg deals.
More businesses were established in the UK last year that in any of world's other developed economies, according to accountants UHY Hacker Young. 218,000 new businesses were started in the UK in 2016, a a 6% increase on 2015. During the referendum the Remain campaign said:
“If we left, businesses would be hit by new charges… leading to job cuts, higher prices, lower wages and fewer opportunities for you and your family. Companies say they would move their business, and jobs, to other EU countries, meaning fewer jobs on the UK market.”
UHY's Daniel Hutson said:
“The figures suggest confidence in the economic outlook, despite Brexit.”
Classic!
A five-month investigation has resulted in the arrest of a 35-year-old rural Waverly woman related to the death of their 3-week-old son last December.
On Wednesday morning (May 30), Lancaster County Sheriff's deputies arrested Ashley Bean for felony child abuse, which is a Class III A Felony punishable by up to three years in prison and 18 months post-release supervision or $10,000 fine or both.
According to Sheriff's Captain Ben Houchin, deputies and paramedics from Waverly Rural Fire and Lincoln Fire and Rescue were called to Bean's home at 12511 Waverly Road on December 17, 2017 about the child with no pulse and not breathing. The baby was taken to Bryan West Campus in Lincoln, before transferred to Children's Hospital in Omaha and pronounced dead hours later, despite life-saving measures.
An autopsy shows the cause of death was due to asphyxia due to combined suffocation and overlay.
Houchin says through their investigation, they determined Bean was drinking alcohol and highly intoxicated hours before the 911 call was made. They fell asleep with their child in the same bed, then woke up later to find their son unresponsive.
An acquaintance of Bean was also in the home at the time, but had no involvement in the child's death.
Through evidence collected and interviews that were conducted, Houchin says they believe Bean knowingly and intentionally placed their infant child in a situation that endangered their life.
NEW YORK (AP) — The television audience for Bruno Mars' dominating night at the Grammy Awards was a sparser one than music's big night has seen for nearly a decade, and a steep decline of 24 percent from the program a year earlier.
The Nielsen company estimated Monday that 19.8 million people watched the Grammys, compared to 26.1 million last year. It was the Grammys' smallest audience since 19 million watched in 2009.
This year's show suffered from a lack of star power, with big-selling artists Adele, Beyonce and Taylor Swift absent from the stage. It was billed going in as a big night for rap, and while that may be music's most popular style now, it may have been off-putting for some casual music fans.
Rapper Kendrick Lamar opened with a medley that featured a portrayal of dancers being felled by bullets. Comic Dave Chappelle even offered an explanation for viewers who may have been uncomfortable: "The only thing more frightening than watching a black man be honest in America is a black man being honest in America," they said.
The show featured some political content, including a cameo of Hillary Clinton reading from Michael Wolff's best-seller on the Trump administration, "Fire and Fury," as well as commentaries on women's rights and gun violence.
It was a popular theory on Fox News Channel that an "anti-Trump diatribe" was responsible for some viewers staying away.
"I can imagine sets turning off when it gets that political," said Ainsley Earhardt, a host on "Fox & Friends," the president's favorite morning show.
The viewership decline was notable compared to other awards shows recently. The most recent Golden Globes and Oscars telecasts were down 4 percent from the previous year, while last September's Emmys viewership was roughly the same as the year before, Nielsen said.
Grammy viewership has generally been between 20 and 30 million this past decade, from a high of 39.9 million people who watched in 2012, when the awards took place shortly after Whitney Houston's death.
It just goes to show: You never know who you're really talking to over e-mail.
A British e-mail prankster reportedly tricked some White House officials, including newly departed communications director Anthony Scaramucci, into believing they were chatting with other members of the Trump administration.
The e-mail prankster, who goes by @SINON_REBORN on Twitter, has been tweeting some of the alleged e-mail exchanges, which were first given to CNN. White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders told the network: "We take all cyber related issues very seriously and are looking into these incidents further."
Reince (me) giving @Scaramucci something to think about. They never replied haha pic.twitter.com/hutjACmogR — EMAIL PRANKSTER (@SINON_REBORN) August 1, 2017
Scaramucci did not immediately respond to NBC News' request for comment. In another e-mail given to CNN, the prankster claims to have posed as Jared Kushner, inviting Homeland Security Adviser Tom Bossert to a "soiree" in August and promising food similar to what they ate in Iraq.
"Thanks, Jared. With a promise like that, I can't refuse," Bossert allegedly replied, also including their personal email.
"I'm sure they're not terribly thrilled to have fallen prey to this sort of thing and I hope it's a reminder that everybody needs the security training," Michael Daniel, president of the Cyber Threat Alliance and former cybersecurity coordinator in the Obama Administration, told NBC News.
Other cyber experts agreed that while the tactic was simple, it's one that is still snaring people around the world every day.
Giants' players dreams dashed: Honey Badger has a new team It did not take long for Tyrann Mathieu to find a new football home. The talented and versatile safety is headed to Houston after they agreed to term Friday night...
The winners and losers from a crazy start to NFL free agency Wednesday at 4 p.m. marked the official free-agent signing period, though negotiations were permitted prior to that. And, based on the flurry of activity in the past two days, particularly...
Cardinals now find their quarterback as free agents go fast The quarterback dust is beginning to settle, with only the Jets and Bills still searching through the mist. The Cardinals agreed to a one-year, $20 million deal with free agent...
Breaking down the four favorites in the Kirk Cousins sweepstakes The Kirk Cousins sweepstakes is a week away from hitting high gear. Teams can officially negotiate with Cousins' agent on Monday, and the Redskins quarterback can sign with a new...
NFL mock draft: Giants and Jets take huge quarterback gambles The Serby Mock 3.0, selections 1-20, operates on the theory that the Vikings will beat the Jets, Broncos and Cardinals to prospective $30 million man Kirk Cousins. This will be...
Jets among four NFL finalists for Kirk Cousins INDINAPOLIS — In a fitting development for March, it appears the Jets have made the final four. ESPN reported Saturday that the Kirk Cousins sweepstakes is expected to come down...
The case for the Giants having NFL's premier coaching opening It is a high-stakes game of head-coaching musical chairs as Josh McDaniels, Matt Patricia, Jim Schwartz, Steve Wilks and Pat Shurmur were summoned to sit down and state their case...
Carson Palmer says goodbye as Cardinals face two big voids The Cardinals are now in the market for a head coach and a quarterback. Quarterback Carson Palmer announced their retirement from the NFL on Tuesday, a day after Cardinals coach...
Cardinals coach breaks down trying to say goodbye Bruce Arians paused frequently during the press conference to announce their retirement Monday so they could choke back the tears that filled their eyes. Arians made the speculation official a...
K9 Bath Buddy This device sticks to the inside of the bath tub and helps dogs that are afraid of taking a bath. K9 Bath Buddy ×
crossOrigin="anonymous" SHARE COPY LINK This device sticks to the inside of the bath tub and helps dogs that are afraid of taking a bath. K9 Bath Buddy
(AP Photo/Charles Zoeller). Police respond to a report of an explosion near Times Square on Monday, Dec. 11, 2017, in New York.
NEW YORK (AP) - The Latest on the explosion in a New York City subway passageway (all times local):
2:15 p.m.
The suspect in a pipe bomb explosion in New York City's subway system at one point had a license to drive livery cars and for-hire vehicles.
Authorities have identified the attacker as 27-year-old Akayed Ullah. The blast in an underground subway corridor during the Monday morning rush hour injured three people, as well as Ullah.
New York City's Taxi and Limousine Commission says records show they had a for-hire license from March 2012 through March 2015. It then expired and wasn't renewed. At the time, a for-hire license did not allow someone to drive one of the city's yellow taxis.
The TLC says there are no records to indicate if they actually used the license to work as a car driver.
___
1:45 p.m.
New York's governor says the suspect in a pipe bomb blast in New York City's subway system may have crafted the device from online instructions, and so far it doesn't appear to be part of a larger plot.
Gov. Andrew Cuomo told cable news channel NY1 that officials "have reason to believe that this person went to the internet and found out how to make a homemade bomb."
Authorities identified the attacker as 27-year-old Akayed Ullah. Monday's explosion injured him, slightly wounded three other people and sent commuters fleeing in terror through a subway corridor near Times Square.
Cuomo says he's boosting security at high-profile spots statewide. The Democrat also suggests internet companies need to look at the access potential attackers have to what they call "garbage and vileness" online.
___
1:10 p.m.
Law enforcement is stepping up patrols at Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority train stations after a pipe bomb went off in a crowded subway corridor in New York City.
Boston police say that while there doesn't appear to be a specific threat to the area at this time, police are increasing their presence at major MBTA train stations.
MBTA Transit Police Superintendent Richard Sullivan says they contacted the Joint Terrorism Task Force and state and local law enforcement agencies in the wake of the Monday explosion.
Sullivan says additional EDU teams- bomb detecting dogs and their handlers -will be deployed through the system.
The crude pipe bomb strapped to a man went off in an underground passageway in the Times Square area during the morning rush hour.
Massachusetts State Police are monitoring the investigation
___
12:40 p.m.
Law enforcement officials say the 27-year-old man who set off a pipe bomb in the New York City subway came to the U.S. from Bangladesh seven years ago with a type of preferential visa for people with relatives who are U.S. citizens or permanent residents.
The officials say Akayed Ullah was living in Brooklyn. They say they told investigators Monday they were inspired by the Islamic State group to carry out an attack, but had no direct contact with the terror group. They say they are speaking with investigators from their hospital bed. The suspect had burns on their abdomen and also to their hands
Officials say they assembled the crude device in their apartment. Investigators are talking to witnesses and their family.
The people spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the blast.
Bangladesh has been expanding its anti-terror operations after grisly attacks killed dozens of people.
Three others suffered minor injuries in the blast.
-By Colleen Long and Michael Balsamo.
___
Noon
The mayor of Paris is expressing support for New York City and those wounded in a pipe bomb explosion in an underground passageway in the Times Square area.
Mayor Anne Hidalgo said Monday that "New York has been by our side each time we have been hit by attacks and threats, and Paris is also by the side of New York."
Hidalgo, whose city has been hit by multiple attacks in recent years, said they were thinking of New York Mayor Bill De Blasio after Monday's blast.
Speaking ahead of an international climate summit, they said "when something like that happens in one of our cities, we are all on alert."
A crude pipe bomb strapped to a man inspired by the Islamic State Group went off in a crowded subway corridor, injuring the man and three others.
___
11:55 a.m.
New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie says they have ordered extra security at mass transit hubs in their state following the pipe bomb explosion in a passageway near Times Square in Manhattan.
New Jersey Transit buses have resumed normal service Monday into New York City's Port Authority Bus Terminal.
New York City also has reopened its subways amid heightened city-wide security after a man with a pipe bomb strapped to them caused an explosion in an underground passageway in the Times Square area during the morning rush hour.
Law enforcement officials tell The Associated Press that Akayed Ullah was inspired by the Islamic State Group, but apparently had no direct contact with the terrorist group. The officials spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the suspect or incident.
The suspect had burns on their abdomen and also to their hands. Three others suffered minor injuries, including headaches and ringing in the ears.
___
10:20 a.m.
New York City has reopened its subways amid heightened city-wide security after a man with a pipe bomb strapped to them caused an explosion in an underground passageway in the Times Square area during the morning rush hour.
Metropolitan Transportation Authority Chairman Joseph Lhota (LOH'-tuh) says trains on the Seventh and Eighth avenue lines were still bypassing the Times Square corridor as the investigation proceeded Monday morning. But they say overall service is back to normal.
Law enforcement officials tell The Associated Press that Akayed Ullah was inspired by the Islamic State Group, but apparently had no direct contact with the terrorist group. The officials spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the suspect or incident.
Police say they attached the device to their body with Velcro and zip ties.
- By Colleen Long
___
10 a.m.
New York City police say they are combing through video of the bombing in the subway system.
They say the suspect meant to set off the bomb, but it's not clear if they meant to do so in a passageway in the Times Square area where it went off Monday during the morning rush hour.
Twenty-seven-year-old Akayed Ullah is in police custody. Officials say they sustained burns to their abdomen and hands and cuts after the crude pipe bomb exploded.
Law enforcement officials say Ullah was inspired by the Islamic State, but apparently had no direct contact with the terrorist group. The officials spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the suspect or incident.
- By Colleen Long
___
9:55 a.m.
Police have identified the 27-year-old man who detonated an explosive device strapped to their body in the New York City subway.
Police say Akayed Ullah intentionally exploded the crude device in a passageway under Times Square during the morning rush hour Monday. They say they are in custody. They say the device is a crudely-made pipe bomb.
Authorities called the incident an attempted terrorist attack. Three others suffered minor injuries, including headaches and ringing in the ears.
The suspect had burns on their abdomen and also to their hands.
Law enforcement officials say they were inspired by the Islamic State, but had apparently not had any direct contact with the terror group.
___
9:45 a.m.
Police Commissioner James O'Neill says the device that exploded in the New York City subway was a terror-related incident.
A 27-year-old man had a crude pipe bomb strapped to them and it went off in a passageway from Seventh and Eighth Avenues near Times Square.
Three people suffered minor non-life-threatening injuries. The suspect was also injured and was taken into custody.
Mayor Bill de Blasio says the device that exploded in the New York City subway was an attempted terrorist attack. They say it's lucky the suspect didn't achieve their ultimate goals.
Law enforcement officials say they were inspired by the Islamic State, but had apparently not had any direct contact with the terror group.
___
9:40 a.m.
A photo published by the New York Post from the scene of the Manhattan subway explosion shows a bearded man crumpled on the ground with their shirt apparently blown off and a police officer holding the man's hands behind theirs back.
Soot covers the man's bare midriff.
The Fire Department of New York says four people, including the suspect, have been hurt following the pipe bomb explosion at the height of the morning rush hour Monday.
None of the injuries are believed to be life-threatening.
A law enforcement official tells The Associated Press that a man had a pipe bomb strapped to them when it went off. The official spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak on the incident.
___
9:30 a.m.
The Fire Department of New York says four people, including the suspect, have been hurt following a pipe bomb explosion in a New York City subway at the height of the morning rush hour.
Fire officials say Monday none of the injuries are believed to be life-threatening.
Police say the pipe bomb explosion inside the subway happened in an underground passageway between Seventh and Eighth Avenues on 42nd Street.
A law enforcement official tells The Associated Press that a man had a pipe bomb strapped to them when it went off. The official spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak on the incident.
___
9:15 a.m.
Police say the pipe bomb explosion inside the New York City subway happened in an underground passageway between Seventh and Eighth Avenues on 42nd Street.
The explosion filled the passageway with smoke while it was crowded with throngs of Monday morning commuters.
A law enforcement official tells The Associated Press that a man had a pipe bomb strapped to them when it went off. The official spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak on the incident.
The person was arrested and has non-life-threatening injuries. Another person on the platform sustained non-life-threatening injuries.
The Port Authority Bus Terminal, the nation's largest bus hub, was shut down, along with the eight subway lines and all streets around Times Square.
___
8:45 a.m.
A law enforcement official tells The Associated Press that a man had a pipe bomb strapped to them when it went off on a New York City subway platform.
The explosion happened around 7:30 a.m. Monday. Details were still developing.
The person was arrested and has non-life-threatening injuries. Another person on the platform sustained non-life-threatening injuries
The official spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the incident.
White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders has tweeted that President Trump has been briefed on the explosion.
___
8:40 a.m.
New Jersey Transit buses headed to the Port Authority Bus Terminal are diverting to other locations following an explosion in New York City.
NJ Transit says buses are taking passengers to Secaucus and Hoboken. From there, they can take trains or PATH into the city.
Trains, PATH, light rail and ferries are honoring bus tickets into New York.
The explosion happened around 7:30 a.m. Monday. Details were still developing.
Passengers were evacuated as a precaution from the subway line where the explosion happened, near 40th Street and Eighth Avenue.
A person was arrested and has non-life-threatening injuries.
___
8:25 a.m.
A law enforcement official says what is believed to be an explosive device has been set off on Manhattan subway platform.
The explosion happened around 7:30 a.m. Monday. Details were still developing.
A person was arrested and has non-life-threatening injuries.
There was no immediate word of any other injuries.
The official spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the incident.
Passengers were evacuated as a precaution from the subway line where the explosion happened, near 40th Street and Eighth Avenue.
- Associated Press writer Colleen Long
___
8 a.m.
The New York Police Department says it is responding to a report of an explosion near Times Square.
The response is centered in the area of the Port Authority bus terminal.
It's led to delays along some of the subway lines that pass beneath the bus terminal.
Some passengers have been evacuated as a precaution.
There were no immediate reports of injuries.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The Apple Watch is finally taking off The Apple Watch is finally a hit, according to a Wall Street analyst — and Dick Tracy can offer a clue as to why. The latest “Series 3” model of...
Apple admits new watch has connectivity issues Apple has admitted to a major flaw in its latest Apple Watch, just two days ahead of the gadget's scheduled debut. A number of reviewers this week have complained that...
The iPhone X's delayed launch is pounding Apple's stock Apple's stock took a dip Wednesday on news that the hotly anticipated iPhone X won't hit stores until November, likely crimping sales during the crucial holiday quarter. The so-called “future...
Want to use the new Apple Watch as a cellphone? It will cost you The new Apple Watch has a cellular connection that will allow it to work without an iPhone, but that freedom will come with a monthly cost. At a Tuesday event,...
Apple unveils new iPhone X Apple's new iPhone X will have an “edge-to-edge” screen, wireless charging, can be unlocked simply by looking at it — and comes with a $1,000 price tag. The “ten” —...
Apple Watch finally breaks free from iPhone Get ready to feel like a super-spy. The new Apple Watch Series 3 will have a cellular antenna that will let users make calls, browse apps, and listen to music...
New Apple Watch may be a bigger upgrade than the iPhone Smartphone owners around the world are likely bracing themselves — and their wallets — for tomorrow's reveal of Apple's hotly-anticipated new $1,000-plus iPhone X. But it's looking likely that the...
Apple could be the world's first trillion-dollar company Apple is rolling out its new iPhone next month — and it could make the tech giant the world's first trillion-dollar company. The Cupertino, Calif.-based company — whose stock closed...
The next Apple Watch won't need an iPhone to make calls Your Dick Tracy routine with the Apple Watch may soon get a little more convincing. Apple aims to release a new watch as soon as this fall that directly connects...
Francisco Cervelli on incident: Rockies catcher was looking for a fight
Francisco Cervelli says Colorado catcher Tony Wolters was looking for a fight, which helped spark a benches-clearing incident on Wednesday between the Pirates and Rockies.
Cervelli was hit by a pitch from the Rockies pitcher German Marquez in the bottom of the fifth. The Pittsburgh catcher was slow to make it up the line and exchanged words with Wolters, leading the benches to eventually clear:
After German Marquez hits Francisco Cervelli with a pitch in the bottom of the 5th inning, the benches clear and tempers flare!!! pic.twitter.com/CmU3ORByRu — TheRenderMLB (@TheRenderMLB) June 15, 2017
After the game, Cervelli indicated Wolters instigated things.
“After I got hit I looked at Marquez, and that's it,” Cervelli said via the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette's Bill Brink. “I was about to take off my gear, but Wolters started saying a lot of things, and I didn't like it. … As a catcher, your job is avoided the fight and not just be talking and looking for a fight.”
The Pirates didn't put up much of a fight on the field as they lost 5-1. It was Cervelli's first game since returning from the 7-day concussion disabled list.
People who get badly injured while riding in self-driving cars may one day be prohibited from filing a lawsuit against the manufacturer, should legislation under consideration in the Senate get passed — requiring such disputes to be settled in arbitration.
Critics of the bill, dubbed the AV Start Act, believe it will have enormous effects on the way autonomous vehicles are viewed in the public, since claims would be settled behind closed doors, if approved.
“The nightmare scenario is that someone is hurt because of a defect and it's dealt with through a confidential arbitration proceeding that nobody knows about, and then more people are hurt because no one found out about it,” Ed Walters, robotics law professor at Georgetown Law and Cornell Tech, told CNN.
see also Self-driving Uber kills pedestrian A self-driving Uber car hit and killed a woman in...
“Congress could stick up for the right to sue by prohibiting this kind of clauses, but so far they haven't,” they said.
If the pending legislation gets pushed through and passed, people who get injured while riding in a self-driving car would not only be barred from suing the manufacturer, but the maker of the technology, as well.
Disputes would instead be settled by arbitrators, meaning quicker and more cost-effective proceedings.
“It's another example of large companies being able to tilt the table their way in terms of service agreements,” Walters said. “It's a power shift created in a contract that nobody reads. Everybody clicks ‘I accept.' You have rights to sue unless you sign them away. And companies have gotten very good at making you sign them away.”
Longtime consumer advocate and political activist Ralph Nader told CNN that they had “never seen a more brazen attempt to escape the rule of safety law” in all their years.
“With their unproven, secretive technology that's fully hackable, the autonomous vehicle industry wants to close the door on federal safety protection and close the door to the courtroom,” Nader said.
Some of the biggest companies currently invested in the autonomous car industry include Ford, Toyota, Tesla, Uber and Lyft. They all declined to comment when reached by CNN.
Uber and Lyft already have forced arbitration clauses in their terms of service contracts with passengers, according to CNN.
“Imagine if I put my daughter in the back of a self-driving Uber to get to soccer practice, and the vehicle can't see in the fog or rain, and there's a tragedy,” said Jason K. Levine, executive director of the non-profit advocacy group, Center for Auto Safety.
“My level of ability to hold the company accountable is entirely constricted by something buried in tons and tons of pages of terms of service, for downloading the app.”
They added, “No one is suggesting anyone is looking to intentionally put something dangerous on the road. But it's human nature that the less trouble we're going to get in, the less cautious we may choose to be.”
Covered California #CoveredInArt bus tour stops in Fresno
Covered California kicked off open enrollment Nov. 1 with a comprehensive marketing and outreach campaign including ads and a 22-city bus tour to promote enrollment in health insurance. The “Covered in Art” bus tour traveled 1,300 miles during the seven-day outreach campaign to promote enrollment in health insurance making stops in communities across California, including several in the Central Valley. The statewide bus tour stopped in Fresno on Saturday, Nov. 3 at Clínica Sierra Vista on Divisadero Street.
TORONTO — The Canadian government has agreed to pay compensation to indigenous people who were taken from their homes and adopted into non-indigenous families.
Indigenous Relations Minister Carolyn Bennett announced the settlement Friday in what's known as the “Sixties Scoop.” Indigenous children were robbed of their cultural identities by being placed with non-native families by child welfare services during the 1960s, 1970s and 1980s. Many lost touch with their culture and language.
The settlement for an estimated 20,000 people is aimed at resolving numerous related lawsuits. The victims will share 750 million Canadian dollars ($596 million), with individual amounts to be determined later. Many said they expected a settlement of around 50,000 Canadian dollars each.
Lead plaintiff Marcia Brown Martel, who was taken by child welfare officials and adopted by a non-native family, called events the “stealing of children.”
“I have great hope that because we've reached this plateau that this will never, ever happen in Canada again,” said Brown Martel, who was placed in the foster system as a child and suffered emotional, physical and sexual abuse.
Many had mixed emotions about the settlement.
“I had no idea I was native until I was a teenager,” Colleen Cardinal told The Associated Press. Cardinal was taken from their biological family at the age of two in Alberta and adopted into a non-indigenous family in Ontario along with their two older sisters. They said their sisters were sexually molested by their adopted father.
“There were ongoing attempts to assimilate our people into the mainstream culture,” they said, adding that the settlement doesn't amount to much.
“It's quite disappointing,” they said. “It's quite low. It should be CA$80,000 or $100,000. A lot of us were taken out of the province, out of the country, taken so far away from our families.” Cardinal now lives with post-traumatic stress disorder.
Ontario Superior Court Justice Edward Belobaba ruled in February that Canada had breached its “duty of care” to the children and found the government liable.
A tearful Bennett, the government minister, said they couldn't understand how it was allowed to happen.
“I don't know what people were thinking,” they said.
The settlement package also includes up to 50 million Canadian dollars for a healing and reconciliation foundation.
The agreement is a “first step” in resolving Sixties Scoop litigation, Bennett added, noting the federal government is committed to working with other indigenous peoples affected.
The Sixties Scoop echoes the history of residential schools in Canada.
Some 150,000 First Nations, Inuit and Metis children were taken from their families over much of the last century and put in government schools, where they were forced to convert to Christianity and not allowed to speak their native languages. Many were beaten and verbally abused, and up to 6,000 are said to have died.
Canada's previous prime minister made a historic apology in 2008 to residential school survivors.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
RUSTA, the elite drone training academy, is coming to Chester from next Tuesday to Thursday.
With recent articles of lost drones or the misuse of drones causing a nuisance, it has become apparent there is a need for professional training academies.
RUSTA – the Remote Unmanned Systems Training Academy – is one of the leading providers of Small Unmanned Air System (SUAS) training in the UK.
Owned and operated by Eagle Eye Innovations Ltd, a CAA approved National Qualified Entity (NQE), RUSTA's instructors are all ex-military experts in teaching and instructing candidates to become knowledgeable, proficient and above all safe SUAS operators.
Specialising in training for all industries in order to fly legally and commercially in the UK, RUSTA prides itself on its professional delivery of safe aviation practices.
They have previously trained and issued recommendations for Permission for Commercial Operation (PfCO) to more than 500 operators and many public entities nationwide.
Some of the company's major clients include the BBC, Game of Thrones, MoD, Surrey and Sussex Police.
Sion Roberts, the managing director of RUSTA, is delighted to be sharing their expertise in Chester. They said: “It's great to come back to the North West and train in Chester.”
Sion has a 22 year RAF career behind them and will be leading the Chester course.
RUSTA will be attending the Mecure Chester Abbots Well Hotel in Christleton in Chester from February 6-8 for a course which includes a two and a half day theory element. The price also includes examination, ops manual ratification and flight evaluation.
Readers can book online at www.uastraining.com or call 0800 774 7347.
ARLINGTON, Texas — The mother of a Texas man whom police fatally shot last year says sheriff's deputies recently turned up at their mother's home to serve a warrant for the dead man's arrest.
Dee Crane told The Associated Press Wednesday that Tarrant County deputies came to the house in Arlington this month, upsetting their family “all over again.”
Sheriff's office spokesperson David McClelland hasn't responded to messages seeking comment.
Tavis Crane, a black 23-year-old, was killed in February 2017. Authorities say they ran over an Arlington police officer while attempting to flee a traffic stop.
Another officer, Craig Roper, fatally shot Crane in their car. Both officers are white.
Crane's two-year-old daughter and two friends were also in the car. They were not hurt.
A grand jury took no action against Roper.
Conservative GOP Sen. Mike Lee said they will support Donald Trump — provided they get a guarantee that the presumptive GOP presidential nominee isn't going to be “authoritarian.” “I would...
Senior Dining is a great opportunity to have a nutritional meal while socializing with other senior citizens in Lake Benton.
By Shelly Finzen
lbvjeditor@gmail.com
With a high ratio of retired and elderly citizens in Lake Ben­ton, the Senior Dining program is an important asset to the com­munity. Lake Benton Senior Din­ing serves citizens who are 60 years or older within the Lake Benton community by providing nutritious, low cost meals every weekday beginning at 11:30 a.m. Meals can be eaten at the Lake Benton Community Center or de­livered to homebound residents through Meals on Wheels. In ad­dition to healthy meal options, the Lake Benton Senior Dining also provides socializing oppor­tunities including card games, blood pressure monitoring, and occasionally, special guests.
For the full story, read this week's Lake Benton Valley Journal.
Bali's Mount Agung spews ash, strands travelers at the airport
Indonesian authorities have ordered 100,000 people to evacuated from nearby areas after Bali's volcano, Mount Agung, started to spew huge plumes of ash early on Tuesday. Travelers hoping to make it off the island now find themselves stranded at the airport.
Image copyright Twitter Image caption Celine Dookhran was found dead in an empty house in Kingston, south-west London
A man accused of helping a builder kidnap two women lied to police because they "panicked", a court has heard.
Vincent Tappu, 28, is charged with helping Mujahid Arshid kidnap Celine Dookhran, whose body was found in a freezer.
They have also denied aiding the kidnap of the second woman.
Giving evidence in their defence, Mr Tappu told the Old Bailey they had no involvement and Mr Arshid had "implicated" them in the crime.
Mr Arshid, 33, is accused of taking the two women to an empty house in Kingston, south-west London, on 19 July 2017.
 They are charged with the rape and murder of their niece Ms Dookhran, and the rape and attempted murder of the second woman, who cannot be named.
Mr Tappu admitted lying in early police interviews as to their whereabouts on the day in question.
'Net is tightening'
Prosecutor Bill Emlyn Jones said the defendant had been "forced" into changing their initial account only after telephone evidence exposed their lies
Mr Emlyn Jones told Mr Tappu such evidence "proves you were that second kidnapper".
They admitted telling lies during their police interviews because they "was worried" and "panicked" - but said they eventually told the truth.
Mr Tappu told jurors they went to meet their co-defendant in the area of the alleged kidnap to collect money they were owed for labouring work.
They said they had gone home without seeing Mr Arshid after waiting in their car for about two hours.
They told jurors they "smoked a joint," used their iPad, and "nodded off" for a while.
Mr Tappu, from Acton, said the only conversations they had with Mr Arshid around the time in question related to building work, their health, and a proposed plan to grow cannabis.
They denied being known as Jay - which prosecutors said was their nickname, heard by the surviving woman during the kidnap.
Prosecutor Mr Emlyn Jones told Mr Tappu they had "been roped into committing an appallingly serious criminal offence" and "now the net is tightening around you".
Mr Tappu said they were being "implicated" by their co-accused.
"I'm nothing like Mujahid," they added.
Image copyright UNKNOWN Image caption Mujahid Arshid (left) and Vincent Tappu are charged with kidnapping Ms Dookhran and the second woman
Mr Tappu denies kidnap, conspiracy to falsely imprison, and possession of a firearm with intent.
Mr Arshid, of no fixed address, denies all charges. The trial continues.
Back with a third series, Michelle Keegan returns to the role of of Georgie and this time finds themselves in three difficult situations.
This first tour of four episodes finds Georgie on a relief mission in Nepal following a devastating series of earthquakes.
In addition to their duties as a medic, Georgie is tasked with mentoring Maisie (Shalom Brune-Franklin), a young reckless new recruit to 2-section. Georgie and Maisie have history after previously meeting in Syria on a covert operation led by Elvis (Luke Pasqualino), and Maisie's reckless nature irritates them
When Georgie meets Milan (Rudi Dharmalingam), an attractive Nepalese engineer, a bond starts to form between them whilst working together to rebuild the local area. Whilst on a tour of the village, an aftershock causes a temple to collapse, trapping Georgie and Milan inside…
Filming took place in Kathmandu and Cape Town, and the further two tours will transmit in due course.
We caught up with star Michelle Keegan. . .
We left Georgie in Somalia at the end of season two. What's happened since and has anything changed?
This season we pick up with Georgie at home with their friends and family, and they get a call from Captain James asking them to come out to Nepal for a NGO relief mission. She's still independent, not with Elvis, putting their career first and loving being in the Army.
What about Jamie?
Unfortunately there's no news of Jamie! He's probably settled down, got married and still a doctor!
Have you had to go to Bootcamp for this series?
Yes, we did Bootcamp just like last year and we did it in Sandhurst and South Africa.
We work alongside people who are in the Army and it's about getting us in the mind-set of being back in the Army, running drills, how to hold a weapon, discipline, all about your kit and a lot of medical skills. I've learnt so much. I know how to use a tourniquet, a bandage, I know how to stitch, how to do CPR and a lot of technical bits, too.
What's the shooting schedule been like for a commission of 12 episodes?
I have been filming since the end of April and we had Bootcamp the week before that. We filmed in Nepal for two weeks, then to South Africa until end of July. Then we flew to Malaysia for the next mission, so it's a long shooting schedule!
What's been your favourite scene to shoot in the new series?
My favourite scene so far has been a bust up with Georgie and Elvis; we have a row where there's a lot of frustration and a lot of jealousy but the love is still there. It was a great scene to film.
There's a new member of 2-Section, Maisie. What can you tell us about her?
Maisie is very strong-natured and it's very challenging for Georgie as she's their mentor. They have to look after them and keep them in check, but Maisie is a bit of a rebel.
The finale of this series is big. What was it like to film?
Filming the last episode was epic.
What have been the challenges from this block? Have you had any injuries from any of the stunts this mission?
It's been a lot more physically demanding than the first one, definitely. There are a lot more stunts involved, more Army-based scenes and a lot more running which I'm not very good at!
I've had to learn how to run like I'm in the Army - nightmare!
When we join Georgie in episode one, how do they feel about Elvis?
We join Georgie and Elvis in episode one in Syria where they left things on an even keel. They are work colleagues but there is still love there.
Have you picked up any bruises from filming?
I've been covered in bruises!
Our Girl returns to BBC One on Tuesday at 9pm
4:57 HB2 repeal deal - What happened? Pause
2:08 Feeding the Children
1:33 First Baby of 2017
2:01 South Carolina residents will automatically live in North Carolina as of Jan. 1
2:27 Thelma Lou turns 90
2:18 Gov. Pat McCrory concedes defeat to Roy Cooper
1:46 Humpback whales are making a splash in Washington, B.C. waters
1:51 Pilot takes down passenger who pushed flight attendant
1:14 Firefighters having 'difficulty' containing South Mountains State Park wildfire in NC
(AP Photo/Brandon Wade). FILE - This May 16, 2015 file photo shows umpire Joe West (22) connecting with MLB's review command center in New York to review Texas Rangers left fielder Delino DeShields', not pictured, attempted sliding catch of a foul ball...
By BEN WALKERAP Baseball Writer
Adrian Gonzalez dives headfirst into home, seems to beat the tag by Cubs catcher Willson Contreras, but is called out. Safe, shout fans at Dodger Stadium who see replays on the board.
Umpires go to their headsets for a video review, and nearly three minutes later, the signal comes: Out!
Want to hear exactly how disputed calls get decided, like that one in last year's NL Championship Series?
Soon, we might.
While nothing is set, Major League Baseball and umps are expected to discuss a plan - most prominently used in the NFL - for crew chiefs to wear a microphone and explain replay rulings.
Under one possible scenario, they would start at the All-Star Game on July 11 in Miami, tweak the process over the season's second half and then go forward with the experiment in the playoffs.
People familiar with the talks spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because an agreement has not yet been reached.
Last year, MLB asked for the plate ump to wear a mic at the All-Star Game, but there wasn't enough time to do it.
The umpires are in the middle of their five-year labor deal and any change would involve negotiations, plus a comfort level on both sides that the system would be efficient, accurate and easy.
So no way to say for sure if fans at Camden Yards, Coors Field and ballparks across the majors will become familiar with the voices of veteran crew chiefs - be it country singer Joe West, ordained minister Ted Barrett or Dale Scott, once a Top 40 AM radio disc jockey.
"It probably would be nice to get a little more explanation," Marlins reliever Brad Ziegler said. "They're supposed to say the call stands or the call's confirmed. 'The call stands' means you can't tell. A lot of times we don't get that ... they just signal out or safe. That's all we get on the field.
"They may announce it on the PA, but it doesn't seem like that is consistent in all parks. And the acoustics in the stadium here - we have a hard time hearing what's on the PA in the bullpen," they said.
In the NFL, hearing refs announce "upon further review" has long been part of the lexicon. The lore includes what Ben Dreith said in a 1986 game, when Jets lineman Marty Lyons tangled with Buffalo quarterback Jim Kelly and was penalized for "giving them the business down there."
The NHL for some time has mic'ed up officials to explain coach's challenges, based on what the central replay booth tells them.
NBA crew chiefs put on headsets to watch reviews and talk with the replay center. Decisions are explained to the official scorer's table and the benches, and the public address announcers inform the crowd.
MLB has tried to speed up reviews this year, aiming for the umpires in the New York replay booth to relay the final calls to the field in under 2 minutes.
"It'll take more time," Boston pitcher David Price said. "It's not going to make them any shorter."
As for making the replay system more informative and entertaining, "Yeah, until they have a problem with the umpire's mic," they said.
Marlins star Christian Yelich said a switch wouldn't affect him.
"The call's the call," they said. "Just because they tell you what they decided isn't going to change it."
___
AP Sports Writer Steven Wine and AP freelance writer Ken Powtak contributed to this report.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Slater was on a trip to Sulawesi, Indonesia, and argued that their company, Wildlife Personalities Ltd., owned worldwide commercial rights to the photos, including a now-famous selfie of the monkey's toothy grin.
The People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals sued on behalf of the monkey in 2015, seeking financial control of the photographs for the benefit of the animal.
U.S. District Judge William Orrick said in a ruling in 2016, "While Congress and the president can extend the protection of law to animals as well as humans, there is no indication that they did so in the Copyright Act."
PETA appealed that ruling to the 9th Circuit.
Following oral arguments, Slater and PETA announced in September that they had reached a settlement under which Slater agreed to donate 25 percent of any future revenue from the images to charities dedicated to protecting crested macaques in Indonesia.
They asked the 9th Circuit to dismiss the case and throw out Orrick's decision.
But the court refused, saying a decision in this "developing area of the law" would help guide lower courts and considerable public resources had been spent on the case.
The 9th Circuit also said refusing to dismiss the case "prevents the parties from manipulating" the precedent set by the judge.
AUSTIN, Texas — As the U.S. Supreme Court began oral arguments Tuesday in the latest chapter of Texas' protracted redistricting battle, Democratic State Rep. Rafael Anchía says the problem should be obvious to anyone who looks at a map of three state House districts in Dallas County.
"One looks like a snake that ate a rabbit or a rat and the other a lion with a fluffy tail," Anchía, who represents a western part of Dallas County, told NBC News. "Those two districts are illegal."
Latinos were packed into those two districts to reduce the number of Latino voters in a third adjacent district, affecting who could get elected in that district, they said.
"They really don't pass the eye test," Anchía said. "It's obvious they have been gerrymandered."
This Texas House district is one of nine state legislative districts and two congressional districts that have been at the center of the state's redistricting battle which the U.S. Supreme Court was to take up on April 24, 2018. Texas Legislature
Attempts to challenge Texas' electoral maps date to 2011 and center on districts that were drawn based on the 2010 census. In court documents, the challengers — individuals, civil rights and activist groups and black and Hispanic lawmakers — have alleged that the Republican-controlled Legislature drew the maps to dilute black and Latino votes.
The entire issue has been bogged down in courts so long that the state's Latino population has grown by at least 1.5 million since it all started.
In this latest court action, the state wants the U.S. Supreme Court to leave in place two congressional districts and nine House districts — including the ones with the fluffy lion's tail and the bloated snake.
This Texas House district is one of nine state legislative districts and two congressional districts that have been at the center of the state's redistricting battle which the U.S. Supreme Court was to take up on April 24, 2018. Texas Legislature
A lower court declared those districts unconstitutional and in violation of the Voting Rights Act.
But the state's attorney general, Ken Paxton, has argued that because the 11 districts now in dispute were part of a court-drawn redistricting map the state was forced to adopt in 2012, they should be allowed to stand.
"In 2012, at the Supreme Court's direction, the federal district court in San Antonio drew the redistricting maps. Those maps were adopted by the Legislature in 2013 and used in the last three election cycles," Paxton said in a February statement.
“Now we are seeing yet another attempt by unelected federal judges to override the judgment of Texas voters. The lower court's decisions to invalidate parts of the maps it drew and adopted defy law and logic and cannot be sustained,” they said.
Paxton's office did not respond to a phone call from NBC News requesting comment on Tuesday.
But José Garza, attorney for the Texas Legislature's Mexican American Legislative Caucus, said that, in fact, the 11 districts were drawn by the Republican-led state Legislature. They ended up in the court-drawn maps that were supposed to be temporary. The court that drew them gave the Legislature time to draw new maps. Instead, the Legislature adopted the court-drawn maps, leaving in place the districts now in dispute.
Since then, more evidence has been submitted to show that the lines in the 11 districts are discriminatory.
By trying to keep those districts in place, Garza contends that the state is trying to shield from public scrutiny “its deeds in drawing these districts.”
The 11 districts include a state House district on Texas' coast that was redrawn so the Latino Republican who represented it no longer lived in the district and could not be a candidate there; a white Republican now represents the district, Garza said.
FILE - In this Feb. 26, 2014, file photo, an election official checks a voter's photo identification at an early voting polling site in Austin, Texas. A judge has ruled for a second time that Texas' strict voter ID law was intentionally crafted to discriminate against minorities. (AP Photo/Eric Gay, File) Eric Gay / AP
In a Central Texas district, the Legislature “drew a line straight through the minority community,” so that there was not a majority-minority coalition district. The incumbent at the time, who is white, acknowledged in court testimony that the community was split, in part because if it had been kept whole “it would have probably got me unelected,” according to a court document.
The opponents of the state's redistricting plan say it is part of a larger environment of hostility toward the state's growing Latino population and an attempt to cap its influence.
"While redistricting is what we are dealing with," Anchía said of the Supreme Court case, "there is an entire environment of discrimination we are dealing with in Texas."
They named, along with the redistricting, the state's voter ID law, which a judge has declared to be designed to discriminate; a judge's ruling recently that Texas' voter registration process violates the National Voting Rights Act; and an attempt by the state to adopt a textbook that was seen as racist against Mexican-Americans and blacks.
“We have to see all of these things as not siloed, but intentionally discriminated against Latinos and African-Americans,” Anchía said.
FOLLOW NBC LATINO ON FACEBOOK, TWITTER AND INSTAGRAM.
GRETNA, La. — Former New Orleans Saints wide receiver Robert Meachem is behind bars after failing to pay nearly $400,000 in child support and alimony.
State District Judge Adrian Adams sent Meachem to jail in Jefferson Parish on Monday for 30 days. Adams said Meachem could be released once they pay their ex-wife, Andrea Rhodes, $100,000. According to court clerk minutes, if that doesn't happen, they will remain in jail until March 15.
NOLA.com/The Times-Picayune reports Adams also denied Meachem's motion for a new trial and fined them $500 for failing to bring written testimony from their manager, Tomeka Tovell, about their finances.
Meachem and Rhodes share custody of their two children. The couple separated in May 2014 and was officially divorced in November 2015, according to court records.
As part of the divorce settlement, a court ordered Meachem to pay $20,000 per month in child and spousal support. Attorneys for Rhodes in July and September asked the court to hold Meachem in contempt for failing to make most of the payments.
Rhodes' attorneys said Meachem secretly took $1.8 million from accounts shared with their ex-wife. They also contend they caused more than $5.8 million to disappear from the former couple's joint investment accounts.
Meachem testified in December that former business associates stole millions from him, forcing them to borrow money from old NFL associates just to get by.
Meachem played for the Saints for six seasons, from 2008-2011 and again from 2013-2014. In 2012, they signed a four-year contract with the San Diego Chargers worth $14 million, but they were let go after a season.
Bilal Powell: Chargers coach showed me 'the ropes' Chargers coach Anthony Lynn knows Jets running back Bilal Powell very well. Lynn was the Jets' running backs coach when the team drafted Powell in 2011, and Lynn spent the...
Jets coaching castoff Anthony Lynn finds success with Chargers The Jets will see another case of what-could-have-been in the head coaching department Sunday when Anthony Lynn and the Chargers come to MetLife Stadium. Lynn interviewed for the Jets' coaching...
The hidden story playing out on Monday Night Football sidelines Former Steelers owner Dan Rooney died at age 84 in April, but their legacy as a forward thinker lives on and will be showcased in a game Monday night that...
Ultimate guide to the 2017 NFL season: The new and the Brady We celebrate the open of training camps when the addictive smell of the NFL is in the air and the Jets still are 0-0 and tied with the Patriots. So...
Bills owner breaks silence: Why I fired Rex Ryan ORCHARD PARK, N.Y. — Buffalo Bills owner Terry Pegula has full confidence in general manager Doug Whaley's ability to turn around their franchise, and outlined the reasons coach Rex Ryan...
Bills' new coach reveals he's a lot easier to push around ORCHARD PARK — Aside from having an interim head coach in Anthony Lynn, the Buffalo Bills also have an interim starting quarterback: EJ Manuel. Without going into detail, Lynn called...
12 potential Jets coaching candidates: One's a Giant familiar face After Monday's 41-10 loss to the Colts, everyone with the Jets is on notice, starting with head coach Todd Bowles. There is no indication yet owner Woody Johnson is looking...
Rex Ryan rallied for a season right out of their Jets heyday It's still early, of course, but Rex Ryan has already orchestrated quite a comeback with the Bills. Ryan was assumed to be a goner less than a month ago after...
The arguments for and against these 7 Jets coach candidates The Jets are into their second week searching for a new head coach and general manager with interviews continuing this week. Texans director of college scouting Mike Maccagnan interviewed for...
A YOUNG man who was viciously assaulted by a woman during a house party almost two years ago sustained catastrophic injuries and is no longer capable of independent living, a court has heard.
Wayne Fitzgerald (28) spent several months in hospital and was placed in an induced coma for almost four weeks after they were attacked at an apartment at Knockhill, Ennis Road, Limerick in the early hours of May 6, 2015.
Melissa Whelan, aged 25, who has addresses in Ballynanty and Moyross has pleaded guilty to “recklessly or intentionally” causing serious harm to Mr Fitzgerald.
During a sentencing, Detective Sergeant Derek Clancy said Whelan – a mother of four – was acquainted with Mr Fitzgerald and that they had attended the house party together.
Limerick Circuit Court was told gardai were alerted to the incident at around 7am after a neighbour reported seeing an injured man lying on an outside patio at the rear of the ground-floor apartment.
Det Sgt Clancy told John O'Sullivan BL, prosecuting, Mr Fitzgerald was unconscious when garda arrived and that it was clear they had been “gravely and seriously” injured sometime earlier.
The victim, who previously sustained a traumatic brain injury in a serious road collision in 2012, was initially taken to University Hospital Limerick but was later transferred to Cork University Hospital where an emergency craniotomy was performed.
A major gardai investigation was launched as Ms Whelan quickly identified as a suspect.
Det Sgt Clancy said gardai were able to establish that Mr Fitzgerald was attacked sometime between 3am and 5am.
While Mr Fitzgerald has no memory of what happened, a number of eyewitnesses described how Whelan struck them with a glass bottle across the face before pulling them off their chair and repeatedly punching and kicking him.
Det Sgt Clancy said following the attack, which lasted for about 20 minutes, Whelan dragged Mr Fitzgerald to the patio before later getting a taxi to Moyross.
One eyewitness told gardai Mr Fitzgerald did not react following the initial blow and that they did not attempt to defend himself.
“She was laying into them like a dummy,” they told gardai.
Judge Tom O'Donnell was told a considerable amount of alcohol was consumed during the party and that the defendant had also taken some “Up Johns”.
Mr O'Sullivan said a definitive motive for the attack has not been established but that garda believes Whelan became upset and agitated after Mr Fitzgerald hugged their friend during the night.
The defendant, the court heard, presented at Henry Street garda station the following evening.
During the course of five interviews, they admitted hitting Mr Fitzgerald but claimed another woman had also assaulted him.
They told gardai they had been provoked as Mr Fitzgerald had grabbed them However, Mr O'Sullivan said there was no evidence to suggest they had been violent towards them
A number of medical reports were submitted to the court along with photographs taken by gardai when they first discovered Mr Fitzgerald lying prone on the patio.
Mr O'Sullivan said the 28-year-old, who received a substantial payment following the 2012 road accident, suffers from ‘global cognitive difficulties', has reduced dexterity and motor skills.
Anthony Sammon SC, defending, said their client dropped out of school at a young age and was physically abused by their former partner.
They said they have attempted suicide in the past but has been doing well in Limerick Prison in recent months.
In a handwritten letter which was read in court, Whelan stated that they were ashamed of themselves and wished to apologise to Mr Fitzgerald.
Judge O'Donnell will impose sentence next April.
Video
Syria's president drove to congratulate their troops for ousting rebels from 80% of Eastern Ghouta.
This video has been optimised for mobile viewing on the BBC News app. The BBC News app is available from the Apple App Store for iPhone and Google Play Store for Android.
I work for a hotel and when we got raises, mine was based only on my salary, not yearly earnings. My salary is now $33,000 a year — am I entitled to receive overtime pay with the new OT law?
If the new law was actually law then, yes, you would. But a judge ordered a temporary injunction. If the law is passed, then anyone earns below $47,476 in base salary in New York would be entitled to OT pay. Regarding annual raises, it is common practice to apply annual percentage increase to base pay only, not total compensation.
I was recently hired by a close friend to serve as marketing director for a nonprofit theater company. But my boss won't let me send so much as an e-mail without micromanaging every comma. I do not want to lose a friend, but I don't feel like a director. How do I speak to her, or the board, without burning bridges?
If you speak to the board instead of your friend you will burn more than bridges, baby — you'll create a scene straight out of a Hollywood disaster flick! Picture this instead: Two besties at Sunday brunch. You tell them that the only thing that dwarfs your love of the arts is your love of your friendship — and you fear the gig is getting in the way. You talk it over, cry, hug, clink glasses and resolve the tension. Break a leg!
The traditional Black Monday for NFL head coaches became Bloody Sunday with the firings of Chip Kelly and GM Trent Baalke in San Francisco, Mike McCoy in San Diego, and the resignation of Gary Kubiak for health reasons in Denver.
Those axings followed pre-Week 17 ousters by the Jaguars (Gus Bradley), Rams (Jeff Fisher) and Bills (Rex Ryan).
Baalke's success as a GM with the 49ers, it's now clear, was dependent on how Jim Harbaugh molded and improved the players Baalke gave him. Baalke won a power struggle with Harbaugh, who headed to Michigan. The Niners became historically bad without him, and Baalke's choice of Kelly to work with such a weak roster looks worse than hiring caretaker Jim Tomsula after Harbaugh left. At least Tomsula went 5-11, three more victories than Kelly managed.
“Despite my feelings for Trent and Chip, I felt the decision to change our football leadership was absolutely necessary,” 49ers CEO Jed York said in a statement. “The performance of this team has not lived up to my expectations or those of our fans, and that is truly disappointing. We all expected to see this team progress and develop as the season went on, but unfortunately that did not happen. That is why now is the time to find a new direction for this team.”
Patriots offensive coordinator Josh McDaniels, who flopped in their previous head coaching try with the Broncos, will be interviewed for several of the open jobs during their team's playoff bye week.
The new direction for the Chargers looks like it will be north, as a tenant of the Rams in the new Inglewood, Calif., palace that will open in a few years. McCoy's team lost its last five games and finished in last place for two straight seasons in the tough AFC West. Injuries tore it apart, too, but apparently Chargers chairperson Dean Spanos wants a totally fresh start when the club abandons its longtime home.
Which means both of the new teams in Los Angeles will be riding the coaching carousel. The Rams are looking at interim Jaguars coach Doug Marrone and a number of coordinators including Matt Patricia, McDaniels' defensive counterpart with the Patriots.
The saddest news comes from Denver. Never was there a question about Gary Kubiak returning after leading the Broncos to their Super Bowl win last February. But Kubiak's health issues forced them to step aside, disappointing fans, players and John Elway alike.
“As I told our team last night, this is an extremely difficult decision to step down as head coach,” Kubiak said in a statement released Monday morning. “I love to work and I love football, but ultimately the demands of the job are no longer a good fit for me. I gave everything I had to this team the last two seasons, but this year, in particular, has been tough on me.”
Broncos cornerback Aqib Talib said: “We love Kube, we love how they treated us. We pray they get healthy.”
Denver won't have any trouble filling Kubiak's spot. One of the hot candidates, for example, is Atlanta offensive coordinator Kyle Shanahan, son of Mike Shanahan, who coached Elway to two Super Bowl championships. Such a hire makes a lot of sense.
Shanahan has an interview scheduled with the Jaguars, The MMQB reported.
More moves could be coming, too. Is Chuck Pagano safe in Indianapolis? Might the Saints do something with Sean Payton? What about Bears coach John Fox?
With AP
German carmakers funded studies that made young people huff emissions FRANKFURT — A research organization funded by German carmakers sponsored scientific experiments testing nitrogen dioxide, a gas found in exhaust fumes, on people, German daily Stuttgarter Zeitung said. The European...
Tesla assembly lines are getting bogged down with mistakes After Tesla's Model S sedans and Model X SUVs roll off the company's Fremont, California assembly line, the electric vehicles usually make another stop — for repairs, nine current and...
BMW recalls more than 1 million cars over fire risk DETROIT — BMW is recalling more than 1 million cars and SUVs in two U.S. recalls due to the risk of fires under the hood, and it's recommending that they...
Enraged customer shoots cops at BMW dealership Two cops were shot by an angry customer at an Ohio BMW dealership Thursday, according to reports. Management at the Classic BMW in Willoughby Hills called cops around 2 p.m....
Drivers cheat death when car plunges seven stories onto SUV A lucky SUV driver in Texas narrowly escaped being crushed by a BMW that plummeted seven stories off a parking garage. Jaw-dropping surveillance video shows the BMW coupe crashing head-first...
Cops remotely lock carjacking suspect inside BMW A man found themselves locked inside a BMW 550i that they had just been stolen last Sunday in Seattle, according to the SPD Blotter. The car's owner had just gotten...
This tiny dog has their own tiny BMW Make no bones about it — this Upper East Side pooch is doggone adorable as they cruise down a Fifth Avenue sidewalk Sunday in their own motorized Beemer. Luigi Maestro,...
BMW admits 'regret' over using Nazi slave labor during WWII German car giant BMW admitted Monday to feeling “profound regret” for the “enormous suffering” it caused by using Nazi slave labor to fuel Adolf Hitler's killing machine during World War...
Suspicions over VW's emissions scandal spread to rival BMW Volkwagen's car-emissions scandal dragged down shares of rival German auto giant BMW on Thursday amid fears that cheating on pollution tests is more widespread. Shares of BMW skidded as much...
A report Wednesday that an investigation into alleged Russian interference in the 2016 election now includes an examination of whether President Donald Trump attempted to obstruct justice raises several legal implications.
The Washington Post, citing officials, reported Wednesday night that Robert Mueller, the special counsel now overseeing the investigation is looking at Trump's conduct.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Report: Mueller probe looking into possible financial crimes 6:06 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The report states that an investigation into Trump for possible obstruction of justice began just "days" after the president fired FBI director James Comey, on May 9, citing people familiar with the matter. That would mean it began before Robert Mueller was appointed as special counsel by Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein on May 17.
A spokesperson for Trump's personal attorney Marc Kasowitz said in response to the Post report Wednesday: "The FBI leak of information regarding the President is outrageous, inexcusable and illegal."
According to the Post, which did not credit their reporting to an FBI leak, the special counsel is interviewing senior intelligence officials as part of the expanded probe, which previously focused on alleged Russian attempts to interfere in the election. The New York Times also reported Wednesday that Mueller wants to speak to at least "three high-ranking current or former intelligence officials."
President Donald Trump shakes hands with James Comey in the White House on January 22, 2017. Andrew Harrer / Pool via Getty Images
If true, the expanded scope of the probe is a turning point, and raises several legal implications:
— An FBI inquiry of the Comey firing makes it more likely Rosenstein could be a witness, and thus potentially meet the parameters for recusing themselves from overseeing Mueller's investigation.
Rosenstein told The Associated Press in an article published on June 3 that they would rescue themselves if they were to become a subject of Mueller's investigation.
"I've talked with Director Mueller about this," Rosenstein told the AP. "He's going to make the appropriate decisions, and if anything that I did winds up being relevant to their investigation then, as Director Mueller and I discussed, if there's a need from me to recuse I will."
Attorney General Jeff Sessions has already recused themselves in the investigation because of their role in the Trump campaign.
— An obstruction inquiry reviewing Comey's firing makes it more likely that other government officials involved in that act, or related activity, could face legal exposure.
Federal employees interacting with the Trump administration regarding FBI staffing or this investigation, for example, may want to consider retaining counsel.
If the FBI is pursuing a theory that the Comey firing may be part of a larger obstruction effort, for example, then staff who knowingly assist with the original or related acts could face exposure. As a general matter, the Department of Justice can theoretically make an obstruction case against multiple people.
— This report asserts the obstruction inquiry began before Mueller took over.
Comey was fired on May 9, and Mueller was appointed on May 17. The suggestion is that the career FBI agents already determined obstruction warranted investigation, independently and before Mueller took over.
The White House initially said Trump acted on recommendations of Sessions and Rosenstein, which faulted Comey for their handling of the Hillary Clinton email investigation.
In an interview with NBC Nightly News' Lester Holt on May 11, Trump said they were going to fire Comey all along. Trump in that interview called Comey a "showboat" and a "grandstander" and said the FBI was in "turmoil."
But Trump also raised the Russia investigation, saying of the decision to fire Comey: "When I decided to just do it, I said to myself, I said you know, this Russia thing with Trump and Russia is a made up story. It's an excuse by the Democrats for having lost an election that they should have won."
Comey said in a written statement before their testimony before the Senate Intelligence Committee last week that they told Trump they were not personally under investigation.
But Comey said at the hearing that they took Trump's alleged statement "I hope you can let this go" about former national security adviser Michael Flynn as a direction to end the investigation.
Asked if thought the alleged comment was an attempt to obstruct, Comey said it wasn't for them to say, but "I'm sure the special counsel will work towards,to try and understand what the intention was there, and whether that's an offense."
Trump a day later said Comey's testimony vindicated him, and said in response to a question at a joint press conference: "No collusion. No obstruction. He's a leaker."
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed JUNE 9: Trump: Comey Testimony Shows 'No Collusion, No Obstruction' 1:31 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
— As always, an FBI inquiry can be closed without charges, or lead to charges against a person or persons as determined by the prosecutor. Federal employees may face criminal charges while in office.
But the precedent is that the Justice Department takes the position that it cannot indict a sitting president.
And in the event an investigation were to find potential high crimes, the process is to refer such information or material to Congress, which the Constitution provides as the adjudicative body for alleged high crimes and misdemeanors by a president.
In other words, precedent has been that only the House — which is currently Republican controlled — may charge a sitting president with crimes, not the Justice Department.
Meanwhile, rumors raised this week that Trump was considering firing Mueller might, in theory, be put to bed now, since firing law enforcement leadership overseeing an investigation would look even worse if the president is reportedly under investigation.
It cost taxpayers $14.5 million to defend Mayor de Blasio and their aides in federal and state investigations of their shady fundraising practices, it was revealed on Monday.
Corporation Counsel Zachary Carter revealed the figure during a City Council budget hearing, where they also said that de Blasio's personal law firm, Kramer Levin Naftalis and Frankel LLP, billed $2.2 million alone.
Carter said they did not expect any additional bills.
The mayor initially pledged to pay for their own defense, at one point saying they would raise the money through a legal defense fund.
But when the city's Conflicts of Interest Board determined they would have to follow strict limits — which include a prohibition on donations larger than $400 from people who have business before the city — the mayor suddenly reversed course and announced he'd put their mound of legal bills on the taxpayers' tab.
The investigations concluded in March 2017 with no charges filed, even as prosecutors noted that de Blasio's actions appeared to violate “the intent and spirit” of campaign finance laws.
The object of your affection will have some serious issues to deal with today and over the weekend, so don't expect them to be the life and soul of the party. Give them the space they need to get their act together – they'll thank you for it.
Ariana Grande is set to be named an honorary citizen of the city of Manchester, U.K. The news comes via Manchester City Council member Sir Richard Leese, who released an official statement regarding Grande's relationship with the city following the recent terror attack at their concert there. “This seems a fitting moment to update the way we recognize those who make noteworthy contributions to the life and success of our city,” Leese said (via BBC News). “We've all had cause to be incredibly proud of Manchester and the resilient and compassionate way in which the city, and all those associated with it, have responded to the terrible events of 22 May, with love and courage rather than hatred and fear,” they added. “Ariana Grande exemplified this response. I think many people would already consider them an honorary Mancunian and we would be delighted, if the council approves the proposal, to make it official.” Copyright(c) 2017 RTTNews.com. All Rights ReservedLess «
With AWS Blockchain Templates, you can deploy Ethereum and Hyperledger Fabric frameworks using managed and certified AWS CloudFormation templates. AWS Blockchain Templates allow you to focus on building your blockchain applications instead of spending time and energy on manual setup of your blockchain network.
AWS Blockchain Templates deploy the blockchain framework you choose as containers on an Amazon Elastic Container Service (ECS) cluster, or directly on an EC2 instance running Docker. Your blockchain network is created in your own Amazon VPC, allowing you to use your VPC subnets and network Access Control Lists. You can assign granular permissions using AWS IAM to restrict which resources an Amazon ECS cluster or Amazon EC2 instance can access.
Read the entire article here, Introducing AWS Blockchain Templates for Ethereum and Hyperledger Fabric
Via the fine folks at Amazon Web Services.
One of their daughters is dead, they just gave birth to another, and the Brooklyn mother critically injured by a car while crossing a Borough Park street ​is in the...
Our makeup habits have to change over the years. What once was flattering might age you now. We discovered the best 8 tips that will take ages off your face. Don't be surprised if you...
Reinventing the wheel is generally considered a bad idea. But engineers at NASA's Glenn Research Center in Cleveland are doing just that — designing an entirely new wheel that will give upcoming Mars rovers the ability to drive long distances on the Red Planet without sustaining damage.
The wheel, made of an ultra-flexible metal mesh, is designed to deform as it rolls over sharp rocks and other irregular features on the Martian surface — and then snap back to its original shape.
NASA hopes the wheel will be more durable than the wheels on NASA's Curiosity rover. Selfies snapped by Curiosity in 2013 showed that the treads on the rover's aluminum wheels had sustained significant damage after only about a year on Mars.
The idea of a chain mail-like tire isn't new. In 2009, NASA worked with Goodyear to create a wheel made of mesh woven from hundreds of coiled steel wires. The Spring Tire, as the wheel was dubbed, provided good traction and durability on soft sands and rock. But there was a problem: In tests at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL) in Pasadena, California, the steel wire mesh dented as it rolled over a simulated Martian landscape.
About five years ago, researchers at NASA Glenn decided to create a mesh wheel made not of steel but of nickel-titanium, a so-called “shape memory alloy.” Such alloys “remember” their original shape and spring back immediately after deforming, meaning they retain their original shape and performance.
“This particular material doesn't deform like conventional materials,” Santo Padula, a materials scientist at NASA Glenn, said in a video released by the agency. “We can actually deform this all the way down to the axle and have it return to shape, which we could never even contemplate in a conventional metal system."
The chain mail wheel performed “impressively” in experiments conducted at JPL's Mars Life Test Facility, NASA said. The wheels are not earmarked for a specific mission but could be used on future expeditions like the proposed Mars Sample Return mission, which could launch in the mid-2020s.
You don't have to have had a long career in the fashion industry to turn a homemade birthday-party favor into a multimillion-dollar toy business, but it helps.
Beaver and Kim Raymond are the entrepreneurs behind Marshmallow Fun Company, headquartered in Dallas.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Shooting marshmallows is worth millions 4:45 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Twelve years ago, Beaver Raymond had a full-time job manufacturing clothing for several well-known brands, and they were also planning a birthday party for their 9-year old son, Jake. Their wife, Kim, also a fashion industry executive, had the idea for a home-made toy blow-gun using marshmallows. Beaver got to work that night, making them himself.
Everyone had a lot of fun at the party, and for most people, that would have been the end of it. But Beaver and Kim are not ‘most people.' These two astutely noticed that the homemade shooters had potential.
A Marshmallow Fun Marshmallow Shooter hangs in a retail store.
That's where their entrepreneurial instincts took over. Beaver brought in some investors. They hired a designer and worked their manufacturing network to find a factory that could make the prototypes. Kim went into marketing mode and within a year the Marshmallow Fun Company was born and they were presenting the shooters to retailers across the country.
The couple has grown the business well beyond the blowers, and well beyond the toy industry. They've created special movie and TV tie-ins, private label products for candy shops like Dylan's Candy Bar and department stores like Neiman Marcus and Nordstrom.
Rather than follow the rule of “If it ain't broke, don't fix it,” Beaver and Kim followed the fashion industry rule of “Keep it fresh.” They have come up with new designs and updated colors each year, bringing their products to retail stores outside the traditional toy-seller network.
Today, the Marshmallow Fun Company is busy busting down the wall between people-toys and pet-toys with a new product line of pet-food shooters. The Raymonds hope these designs will introduce their products to a very different retail industry and once again open up a whole new revenue stream for their company to chase.
BOSTON — Massachusetts officials are reminding motorists to stay sober and avoid distractions over the holiday season.
The Executive Office of Public Safety has launched The Drive Sober or Get Pulled Over campaign that includes television, radio and online ads, and is aimed particularly at young male drivers who are statistically most likely to be involved in fatal alcohol- or drug-related crashes.
Undersecretary for Law Enforcement Jennifer Queally says the campaign will emphasize the importance of personal responsibility. They note the likelihood that retail marijuana stores will open in Massachusetts next year and that pot can further impair driving, especially in combination with alcohol.
The state says it also hopes to increase the number of police officers with special training in detecting when a driver is impaired by drug use.
evangelism, church planting, marathon
The marathon comes from the legend of Pheidippides, a Greek messenger who was sent from the Battle of Marathon to Athens—26 miles away—to inform the Greeks that the Persians had been defeated. Legend has it that Pheidippides ran the entire 26 miles without stopping, and upon delivering their message, they collapsed and died.
Although there's debate about the historicity of this occurring, the concept and practice of marathon is real. For instance, according to the 2014 Annual Marathon Report (yes, it's a real report), 541,000 people were classified as “finishers.” In other words, 541,000 people who started a marathon actually completed it. Here's a really simple principle when it comes to completing a marathon: anyone wishing to start and finish a marathon must have what it takes to stay the course.
Church planting is similar to running a marathon.
There is much practice and preparation done before the big launch day. For church planters, they cover a lot of groundwork prior to launching—building relationships, sharing the gospel, connecting with community leaders, creating communication pieces, and attempting to engrain themselves in the daily rhythms of the community.
All of their preparation helps prepare them for what is, for many, the official launching of their church.
Eventually, for those following the more typical model today, the big launch day comes. And with launch day comes a lot of potential distractions that can take your eyes off some key issues. Many planters find themselves swept up in the current created after launch day. They have to plan this service, order that, pay for this, meet with that person, counsel this couple, meet with those volunteers, fill out denominational/network reports, attend a coaching session, study for the sermon series, follow up with visitors, etc.
Being swept up in the current of the after effects of launch day isn't necessarily bad, but what happens is the busyness of the church plant becomes detrimental to the planting of the gospel in more people. In short, the busyness and distractions of other important things takes the planter's focus off one of the primary things—evangelism.
The question becomes: now that the marathon has officially begun (with the launching of the church), with all the potential distractions, how can planters stay the course (and lead the church to stay the course) of making disciples through evangelism?
Let me list three ways planters can stay the course in keeping evangelistically focused even after the launch.
1. Keep the Mission before the People.
Every time the church gathers together for corporate worship, you must remind them that gathering together is not the goal. The church doesn't exist for itself, but for others. Thus, you must remind them that the church exists for mission. As one missiologist put it, “The church was created by mission and for mission.”
If the mission becomes the Sunday gathering, then you've created a religious organization—not a church, which is both gathered and scattered. To protect the new church from becoming a cool new religious organization, planters need to keep the mission before the people week in and week out.
To do so, you can create videos of people who have recently come to know the Lord, share personal testimony of members who have recently shared Christ with someone, make baptism a big celebratory deal, create opportunities for the church, corporately, to engage the community in an evangelistic way, and recite your mission statement and emphasize how the church doesn't exist for itself but for God's glory and others' good.
2. Carve Out Time to Engage in Personal Evangelism
If personal evangelism isn't a priority for the planter, it will not be a public priority for the church. In other words, the planter/pastor must set the tone for the church's passion to engage others in evangelism. Therefore, planters must personally carve out time—on an ongoing basis—to engage in this endeavor.
I understand how busy planters are. However, carving out time requires discipline and intentionality. One of the ways I encourage church planters to discipline themselves to stay on top of personal evangelism is dividing their time into four blocks.
These four blocks work well for planters who are full time, which is working 50 hours a week. The first block sets aside 10–15 hours for administration; the second block sets aside 10–15 hours for ministry; the third block sets aside 10–15 hours for sermon prep (if you're a lead pastor); and the fourth block sets aside 10–15 hours of relationship building, outreach, evangelism.
If you don't purposely manage your time wisely—setting aside time to engage in outreach and evangelism—you may find yourself doing a lot of admin and ministry work, and neglecting other priorities.
Remember: you can't lead what you don't live.
3. Raise Up Leaders to Oversee the Church's Outward Focus
Not only should you continue to talk mission in front of your people, and carve out time to personally engage in evangelism, but you should raise up a group of people in your church who will oversee the church's outward focus. It is easy for a young church that was birthed by a passion for others to become a church for themselves. Thus, creating a structure that oversees a church and its continued outward focus goes a long way to ensuring that the church never loses sight to why it's there in the first place.
Paul wrote to the Ephesians, “And they gave the apostles, the prophets, the evangelists, the shepherds and teachers, to equip the saints for the work of ministry, for building up the body of Christ…” (Ephesians 4:11–12). In short, church oversight should be missional oversight—to ensure that the church continues the work of ministry in making disciples of all nations.
Church planting is similar to that of a marathon—and anyone wishing to start and finish well in planting and pastoring a church must have the ability to stay the course evangelistically. It's been my experience that it's easy for plants to become inwardly focused. My prayer is that planters will lead their respective churches to run the race of missional endurance as they stay the course of keeping themselves and their churches evangelistically focused.
You can find more about church planting, including the New Churches Podcast, at NewChurches.com.
Ed Stetzer holds the Billy Graham Distinguished Chair of Church, Mission, and Evangelism at Wheaton College, is Executive Director of the Billy Graham Center for Evangelism, and publishes church leadership resources through Mission Group.
Thanks to all who called to wish me Happy Birthday on Monday. There were other birthdays and anniversaries to celebrate as well. Congratulations to Kim and Peter who marked 9 years together on April 14th. Carly in Avon wanted to be among the first to wish their best friend Jill a Happy Birthday on April 19th. Delia in Wallingford doing a reciprocal dedication to their boyfriend Colin who will be leaving soon but Delia has a message for them while they are away. Songs by Janet Jackson, Dan Hill and Lonestar provided the soundtrack to their PillowTalk love messages.
You can hear all the messages straight from the heart and the PillowTalk love lines by clicking on the “Play” arrow below. You can open your heart with a dedication straight to the heart of the one you love every weeknight from 8pm – 12 midnight on PillowTalk.
Kim, Carly & Delia
Image copyright BBC/Getty Images/ITV
Roseanne Barr has had their sitcom axed after posting a racist tweet about a former aide to President Obama.
Within just a few short hours of the offensive remark made about Valerie Jarrett, Roseanne's recently-revived (and hugely popular) show had been cancelled.
In a statement, ABC confirmed the cancellation, calling Barr's tweet "abhorrent, repugnant and inconsistent with our values".
But Roseanne isn't the first celebrity to have damaged their career via comments made on social media.
Here's a look at eight other stars who have suffered serious consequences:
1. Kathy Griffin
Image copyright CNN Image caption Kathy Griffin and Anderson Cooper had co-hosted CNN's New Year programme for years
US broadcaster CNN ditched comedian Kathy Griffin from its New Year programme after they posed with a fake decapitated head of President Donald Trump.
Griffin apologised after it provoked outrage - their New Year's Eve co-host Anderson Cooper said they were appalled.
In addition, Griffin lost a number of other jobs as a consequence of the joke.
Trump said it was "sick" and their wife Melania called the photo "disturbing".
"Kathy Griffin should be ashamed of herself," said the president. "My children, especially my 11-year-old son, Barron, are having a hard time with this."
In a video message posted on Twitter, Griffin "begged" for forgiveness and said they had "crossed a line" - however they later retracted the apology telling ABC's The View: "I'm not holding back on this family. This family is different."
2. Jack Maynard
Image copyright ITV/REX/Shutterstock Image caption Jack Maynard said they were "young" and "careless" when they posted racial and homophobic tweets
Jack Maynard pulled out of I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! in 2017 after just three days in the jungle.
The YouTube star, who has 1.4 million followers, left after a series of tweets - most of which dated from 2011 to 2013 - were published in the Sun while they were in Australia.
It emerged that as well as racist and homophobic tweets, Jack had also asked a 14-year-old fan to send them nude pictures on their Facebook account.
Maynard later apologised saying they were "young" and "careless" when they sent the posts, adding: "Don't put anything online you wouldn't say to your mum."
3. James Arthur
Image caption James Arthur had to cede control of their social media to their management in 2013
The pop star had to cancel their engagements in November 2013 after suffering a Twitter meltdown.
The Say You Won't Let Go singer used abusive language to One Direction's Louis Tomlinson and former X Factor winner Matt Cardle.
Things came to a head when they unveiled a rap song in which they used a homophobic slur against musician Micky Worthless and advised them to shoot himself.
The star apologised on Twitter saying they were "deeply deeply sorry to any gay or lesbian people out there".
A few months later Arthur was officially dropped from Simon Cowell's record label Syco, with Cowell commenting: "I think James, unfortunately, has had so many issues with what they have done publicly - which is a real issue with me. Somebody should have told them to shut up and just put the records out."
4. Azealia Banks
Image copyright AFP/Getty Images Image caption "Words hurt..."
The 212 rapper was dropped from their UK booking agency and axed from their headline slot at grime and hip-hop festival Born & Bred following racist and homophobic tweets to Zayn Malik.
Them Twitter account was also blocked after the string of aggressive tweets aimed at the Pillowtalk singer.
The row started when Banks claimed Malik had copied their work for their new video, Like I Would.
Banks also posted a string of derogatory comments about the UK rap scene, saying that British rappers "never have swag" and British rap music was a "disgrace" to the genre.
The US rapper later apologised for using homophobic language in a Facebook post saying: "Words hurt. And while I may be immune to every word and be thicker skinned than most, it doesn't mean that I get to go around treating people with the same toughness that made my skin so thick.
"Because, that IS how people get thick skin... by being subjected to name calling/belittlement/abuse and it's not fair."
5. PewDiePie
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption YouTube cancelled the release of the Swedish star's series Scare PewDiePie 2
The Swedish YouTube star used the N-word in one of their videos in January 2017 and was accused of anti-Semitism later in the same month.
As a result, Disney announced in February 2017 they would cut cut ties with PewDiePie - real name Felix Kjellberg - who at the time was the world's highest-paid YouTuber.
They were also dropped from the Google Preferred advertising programme, and their YouTube Red series was cancelled.
The Swede later apologised for using the racial slur during a video live stream, saying they were an "idiot", but defended themselves against claims of anti-Semitism, saying the comments had been taken out of context.
6. Josh Rivers
Image copyright Gay Times Image caption Josh Rivers lasted as Gay Times Editor for just a few weeks
The Gay Times editor was sacked in 2017 just weeks after taking up the role when anti-Semitic and sexist tweets were discovered on their account.
Rivers sent a series of tweets between 2010 and 2015 making offensive comments about women, Jewish people, Chinese people, lesbians, transgender people, and people they thought were overweight or ugly.
Gay Times issued a statement saying it "does not tolerate such views", adding that all articles written by Rivers had been removed.
Following the termination of their post, Josh Rivers apologised, telling the BBC they were "appalled" by their posts.
7. Ten Walls
The DJ and producer was dropped from major festivals including Creamfields and Sonar as well as being axed from the books of their UK agency following homophobic comments on Facebook.
The Walking with Elephants star compared gay people to paedophiles in a post that's now been removed.
They also described the LGBT community as a "different breed".
The Lithuanian musician, whose real name is Marijus Adomaitis, apologised for their post: "I'm really sorry about its insulting content which does not reflect my true opinion. I hope this misunderstanding will not provoke any more thoughts and opinions. Peace."
Read more:
8. Katie Hopkins
Image copyright PA Image caption LBC staff "cheered and applauded" when it was announced Hopkins had been sacked, according to BBC media editor Amol Rajan
The presenter was sacked from their LBC phone-in show after a tweet that called for a "final solution" to Islamic terrorism.
They posted the tweet - which has since been deleted - in the wake of the Manchester terror attack, and some suggested it was a reference to the Nazi extermination of the Jews.
Hopkins later altered the post to read "true solution", describing the earlier version as a "mis-type".
Several high-profile personalities had vowed not to appear on the station until they were removed.
Follow us on Facebook, on Twitter @BBCNewsEnts, or on Instagram at bbcnewsents. If you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news@bbc.co.uk.
An Ohio union's lawsuit aims to block a planned freeze on costs-of-living increases that would affect nearly 80,000 retired school workers.
The Columbus Dispatch reports the state Association of Public School Employees filed its lawsuit Thursday against the School Employees Retirement System.
The union criticized the system's investment decisions in the lawsuit, saying it overpaid financial managers and investment consultants.
The SERS board voted in October to impose the three-year freeze citing "short-term and long-term financial challenges." The freeze goes into effect March 23.
Union retirees, who have an average monthly pension of $1,223, have been receiving a 3 percent cost-of-living adjustment one year after retirement.
SERS officials say the freeze is legal, prudent and in the best interest of the retirement system's members.
.
Information from: The Columbus Dispatch, http://www.dispatch.com
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Market analysts see booming stock growth in 2018 Happy New Year, Wall Street — pop that Champagne cork because 2018 could be another great year for massive wealth creation. With rising 401(k)s expected to push average balances back into...
Amendment to withdraw cash from IRAs needs restrictions Yes, Senator Inhofe, allowing Americans to dip into their retirement accounts at a reduced tax rate would help the economy and give the Treasury a windfall. But, no, that idea...
Investors want you to add bitcoin to your retirement portfolio The bitcoin craze is coming after your retirement account. Executives for CoinIRA, a company that wants investors to convert their retirement savings into bitcoin, is trying to bring the cryptocurrency...
GOP tax plan will 'expand' amount Americans can invest in 401(k)s WASHINGTON — House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy said Sunday the GOP tax plan out this week will “expand” the overall amount Americans can invest in 401(k) retirement accounts. They also...
Raiding 401(k)s should not be the solution for sourcing tax cuts It's time to start paying attention, America. Once again, there is a big problem brewing on Capitol Hill, where some politicians still don't have their priorities straight. The pols are...
To pass the tax cut, GOP leaders had better listen to Trump By a narrow 216-212 margin, the House moved the tax-cut football to another first down on Thursday. To actually cross the goal line, Republicans had best keep President Trump's priorities...
401(k)s still on the table despite Trump's vow to keep limits President Trump on Wednesday backed away from their pledge to totally protect the annual cap on 401(k) plans — saying a plan by congressional Republicans to lower the limit could...
Trump says 'willing to negotiate' on 401(k) limits President Trump said they “may be willing to negotiate” with Congressional Republicans on lowering how much Americans can contribute to their 401(k) retirement accounts — just two days after promising...
Trump says they won't change your 401(k) retirement plans President Trump on Monday promised “no change” to workers' 401(k) retirement plans — just days after reports that Republicans were weighing a move to slash the annual cap on annual...
Video
More searches for lip filling are made in one northern city than anywhere else in the UK, according to Google Trends.
The NHS advises the cosmetic procedure should be performed by a qualified and reputable practitioner, warning it can cause issues such as swelling or infection.
This clip is originally from BBC Radio 5 live.
LOS ANGELES — Driveways, backyards and school grounds all across the nation are littered with little kids carrying big basketball dreams — dreams that usually begin and end with making...
Image copyright FAMILY HANDOUT Image caption Casper Platt-May and their brother Corey were on a family trip when they were hit by a car
The case of a driver who killed two boys after taking cocaine has been referred to the Court of Appeal under the unduly lenient sentence scheme.
Robert Brown, 53, was jailed for nine years after Casper Platt-May, two, and their brother Corey, six, died as they crossed a road in Coventry in February.
They admitted two counts of causing death by dangerous driving after the hit-and-run crash.
The boys' father, Reece Platt-May, was found dead in a Greek hotel on 17 May.
Their body was discovered on the island of Corfu and their death was not being treated as suspicious.
Brown, of Attwood Crescent in Wyken, Warwickshire, was jailed last month.
West Midlands Police Collision Investigation Unit has calculated they were driving at more than 60mph.
The road safety charity Brake has previously described the sentence as an "injustice" and said it felt it was "too lenient".
Image copyright West Midlands Police Image caption Robert Brown and Gwendoline Harrison showed no emotion as they were sentenced
Gwendoline Harrison, 42, of Triumph Close, Wyken, who was a passenger in the car, was sentenced to six months' imprisonment.
They had admitted a charge of assault intending to resist arrest and trying to leave the scene.
A spokesperson for the Solicitor General said: "After careful consideration, the Solicitor General referred the case of Robert Brown to the Court of Appeal under the Unduly Lenient Sentence scheme.
"We await a date for the hearing."
The Attorney General's Office said it looked into the case of Harrison, but it did not fall within the scheme.
A fundraising page set up a week ago that hopes to raise £6,000 towards funeral costs has reached a total of more than £1,700.
Leandro Bacuna completed their move to Reading from Aston Villa on Sunday
Leandro Bacuna could make their Reading debut against their former club after joining the Royals on Sunday when Aston Villa visit the Madejski Stadium.
Midfielder Garath McCleary (groin) will hope to feature for the first time this season after returning to training.
Aston Villa may be without Ahmed Elmohamady after the full-back needed stitches in a cut lip sustained in the defeat by Cardiff City on Saturday.
Winger Andre Green (groin) is doubtful having missed the trip to Cardiff.
Reading manager Jaap Stam told BBC Radio Berkshire:
"Every time Villa come to the Madejski Stadium, their fans are very vocal and fill almost the whole stand behind the goal.
"Our fans need to be very loud as well to compete against them.
"Their team is one where a lot of money has been spent again in pre-season, they want to go up and make it difficult for everyone playing against them.
"We're aware of that and that they're a very good team. But, against good teams, sometimes you can do very well."
Aston Villa manager Steve Bruce told BBC WM:
"Playing away from home has been our Achilles heel since I arrived and, to be brutally honest, I haven't been able to address it in the six months I've been here.
"I can't address it quickly enough. We've shown flashes of it so far this season, but when we're away from home, we just haven't got enough.
"The one thing that my teams have had over the years to be successful is resilience."
Match facts
Antoinise Samuels with their 17-month-old son Samuel at their North Miami studio apartment. Samuel was born prematurely with microcephaly. They remain on a respirator and is fed through a G-tube. Samuel has outgrown their infant wheelchair, so transporting them has become increasingly difficult. The family is asking for a toddler wheelchair so they can get the help that might make it possible for them to one day attend school. Emily Michot emichot@miamiherald.com
Running for ten series (236 episodes) between 1994 and 2004, there is no doubt that Friends is one of the most important comedy series of modern time. It propelled its six main cast members Jennifer Aniston, Courtney Cox, David Schwimmer, Matt Le Blanc, Lisa Kudrow and Matthew Perry, to international stardom and continues to delight new generations of comedy fans with its strong characterisation and tightly written plots.
The adventures of Ross, Rachel, Chandler, Phoebe, Monica and Joey have gone onto inspire countless other comedy series in the US and across the globe, but for most it's the original and the best Friends that will always be there for them when they're looking for a laugh.
Although for many years in the UK Friends was shown on Channel 4 (and sister channel E4) Friends has switched broadcasters and is now available exclusively on Comedy Central (Sky channel 112, Virgin channel 132).
Although the entire Friends catalogue is available to stream on Netflix in the US, the show is NOT currently available to Netflix subscribers in the UK.
The US unemployment rate fell sharply in September — to 4.2 percent from 4.4 percent in August — but the decline had nothing to do with the hurricanes that battered parts of the southeast and Texas.
The storms, Harvey and Irma, did adversely affect the number of jobs created in the month and that's why there was a decline of 33,000 jobs.
The Labor Department wants you to believe both those things — the good news that the unemployment rate went down because of the strong economy — and rationalize away the bad news, that the storms and only the storms stole away some jobs.
That's Labor's story and they don't want you asking any questions.
Well, I don't operate that way. So I ask questions.
The first thing you need to know is that the survey for the September unemployment rate started on Sept. 17 and the last calculations wouldn't have been completed until this past week.
Hurricane Harvey hit Texas on Aug. 25 and hung around for days, making landfall again on Aug. 30 in Louisiana.
So, think about this. Did the field representatives for the Census Bureau, which conducts the house-to-house surveys that go into the jobless rate, really go knocking on doors to ask people who had just suffered through a devastating hurricane whether or not they were unemployed?
We know from my past investigations that these Census takers have been known to fudge these reports. They even have a name for it — curb-stoning, as in figuratively, “sitting on the curb and filling out a census report yourself.”
Hurricane Irma would have been even worse on the unemployment statistics because it hit the Florida Keys on Sept. 10 and continued its damage for about a week.
Again, were Census workers actually knocking on doors — or even phoning homes — and asking people if they had jobs during the devastation?
Ditto for Puerto Rico during Hurricane Maria.
Yet, Labor, in discussing September's unemployment rate and the storms effect on it, said, “There was no discernible effect on the national unemployment rate” and that “collection rates (of the data) generally were within normal ranges, both nationally and in the affected states.”
Well, whoopee! But excuse my skepticism.
There are more reasons to doubt the veracity of the unemployment rate. According to the survey of households that may not have been taken properly, there was a jump of 906,000 newly employed people in September — and a decline of 331,000 people who were reported to be unemployed.
Now, assume that all 331,000 of those people got jobs (and didn't die, or stop looking for work, or move to Syria to join ISIS) and we are led to believe that 575,000 people (906,000 minus 331,000) somehow appeared out of nowhere to get jobs.
Where did these extra 575,000 newly employed people come from? They weren't part of the unemployed. Did they just graduate from school — in September? — or suddenly say, “Hey, I should get off this couch and get a job.”
I doubt it. And until you can answer that question you don't know how the jobless rate declined in September.
Labor also announced that its other survey of companies finds that there was a drop of 33,000 jobs in September.
Yes, I know. How can there be a drop when they surveyed companies, but a gain of 906,000 jobs when they surveyed households?
It's one of life's great mysteries.
I can understand, in a way, the decline in jobs. Perhaps employers, who just hired people, were too busy securing their building to send Labor their reports.
I just find it funny that Labor is so willing to blame the hurricanes for bad news, but not give the storms credit for the good unemployment rate.
Meek Mill released from Prison
American rapper Meek Mill has just been released from prison custody, a statement on their Twitter page confirms.
The Supreme Court of Pennsylvania made the decision to release them following a long legal battle challenging their conviction. The court's decision overruled Judge Genece Brinkley, who has been criticised for the sentence, even after prosecutors said that it be overturned because of a corruption case against their arresting officer Reginald Graham.
Brinkley had denied Meek Mill bail last week and set a hearing for 60 days later. That decision was overturned today. The court also said that Brinkley may decide to remove themselves from the case, according to TMZ.
The rapper was earlier arrested for popping wheelies on a dirt bike and getting into a fight, both of which violated their probation from a 2008 gun and drug case. They were then sentenced to 2 – 4 years in prison in November 2017, for violating their parole.
Since their conviction, celebrities and social media users have been protesting their imprisonment using the #FreeMeekMill hashtag.
In their tweets, Meek Mill said:
I'd like to thank God, my family, my friends, my attorneys, my team at Roc Nation including JAY-Z, Desiree Perez, my good friend Michael Rubin, my fans, The Pennsylvania Supreme Court and all my public advocates for their love, support and encouragement during this difficult time.” While the past five months have been a nightmare, the prayers, visits, calls, letters and rallies have helped me stay positive.” To the Philadelphia District Attorney's office, I'm grateful for your commitment to justice – not only for my case, but for others that have been wrongfully jailed due to police misconduct. Although I'm blessed to have the resources to fight this unjust situation, I understand that many people of color across the country don't have that luxury and I plan to use my platform to shine a light on those issues. In the meantime, I plan to work closely with my legal team to overturn this unwarranted conviction and look forward to reuniting with my family and resuming my music career.
According to Meek Mill's lawyer Joe Tacopina, “Meek was unjustly convicted and should not have spent a single day in jail. Meek is excited to be reunited with their family, and we, along with Meek, intend to continue to shine the light on a justice system in need of reform to prevent any other citizen from being put through what Meek has endured.”
The post Meek Mill released from Prison appeared first on BellaNaija – Nigeria breaking & top news to the World 24/7. Read Today.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from BellaNaija. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The feature starts rolling out today for US users only, and YouTube cautions that there may be bumps in the road to its implementation: "We don't expect it to be perfect," the release said. Eventually, the company plans to expand this feature. In the meantime, users can use the "send feedback" option to flag imperfect implementation.
As the landscape between online news and ads becomes more muddled, increasing transparency is an important step to take. Both Twitter and Facebook have put regulations into place that require people who run political ads to disclose who is behind them. It's good that YouTube is taking action as well.
Andrea Tantaros, former co-host of Fox News Channel's “The Five,” after a 2013 taping of the show in New York. Carlo Allegri Invision/AP
The father of three girls who say they were molested by gymnastics doctor Larry Nassar "lost control" during a sentencing hearing Friday, charged at the defendant and was wrestled to the flood by sheriff's deputies.
"Let me have that son of a bitch," the father, Randall Margraves, shouted after they lunged at the table where Nassar was sitting. "Give me one minute with that bastard!"
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Nassar victims' father tries to attack former doctor in court 2:19 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The chaos that erupted in the Michigan courtroom highlighted the high emotions that have marked three weeks of hearings for Nassar, who has pleaded guilty to abusing 10 girls but is accused by more than 250 others.
Margraves, 58, later apologized for the outburst, and the judge let them go without any punishment or charges.
There was widespread sympathy for Margraves on social media, and several unauthorized fundraising accounts popped up. At a press conference later in the day, Margraves said they didn't need the money and didn't feel like a "hero."
But they made it clear that their hatred of Nassar had not dissipated.
"I can only hope that when the day comes that Larry Nassar has ended their days on this earth that they will be escorted to one of the deepest, darkest, hottest pits in hell there is."
Margraves' anger initially boiled over just after two of their daughters finished giving victim impact statements against Nassar on the ninth day of sentencing hearings held in two counties.
Lauren Margraves, who said Nassar molested them during an appointment when they were 13, said their parents had also suffered.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Father of three victims tries to attack Larry Nassar in court 1:33 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
"I see the look on their faces and I know they want to do something and they can't," they said.
Related: Eight times Larry Nassar could have been stopped
Them younger sister was crying as they took the lectern. "My entire family has gone through hell and back these last few months," they said.
Their dad asked if they could speak. They cursed at Nassar and was admonished by Eaton County Judge Janice Cunningham for using profanity.
"I would ask you to as part of this sentencing to grant me five minutes in a locked room with this demon," Margraves asked the judge.
"You know I can't do that," they answered.
"Would you give me one minute?" they pressed.
Turned down again, they suddenly bolted toward the front of the courtroom where Nassar was sitting, wearing bright orange jail clothing and their customary hangdog expression.
Nassar's lawyer, Matt Newburg, leaped up to block Margraves and deputies wrestled the fuming father to the ground as they continued to shout.
"Relax," one of the deputies told him.
"What if this happened to you guys?" they shouted as they were led away.
Related: Police apologize for doubting 2004 Larry Nassar accuser
Prosecutor Angela Povilaitis turned toward the rest of the victims waiting to speak and made it clear they wouldn't tolerate another disruption.
"No one can behave like this," they said. "This is letting them have power over us."
Eaton County Sheriffs restrain Randall Margraves after they lunged at Larry Nassar. Rebecca Cook / Reuters
After a brief recess, the judge returned to the bench and said that while they had empathy for Margraves, they could not condone what they did.
"Obviously what just occurred in the courtroom was scary and caused a level of discomfort for all of you," Cunningham said.
"My heart started beating fast and my legs felt shaky because of that quick eruption of violence," they added.
"I recognize that Mr. Margraves had three daughters that they have had to watch go through the pain and the hurt," they said.
"If it is hard and difficult for me to hear what their daughters had to say, I can't imagine what it is like for him."
“ Give me one minute with that bastard!”
But, they said, there is no excuse for violence.
"What Mr. Nassar did was horrible. It's unthinkable. But please let the criminal justice system do what it's supposed to do," Cunningham said.
During the lunch break, Margraves was brought back to the courtroom, where Cunningham warned that they could jail them or make them pay a fine — but had no intention of doing so.
Margraves told them that they had not seen their daughters' statements in advance and their anger grew as they listened to their words.
Then, they said, they looked over and saw Nassar sitting at the defense table "shaking their head 'no' like it didn't happen."
"I lost control," Margraves explained. "I apologize a hundred times."
"I'm definitely calmed down," they added. "I'm embarrassed. I'm not here to upstage my daughters. I'm here to help them heal."
In all honesty, Mr. Margraves did exactly what every other dad sitting in that courtroom has wanted to do. It only goes to show how much this affects not only the victim, but their entire family as well. Nassar assaulted all 3 of their daughters, they deserve to be enraged. — Lindsey Lemke (@lindseylemke) February 2, 2018
Nassar, 54, who was the team doctor for USA Gymnastics and a sports medicine specialist at Michigan State University, was sentenced last week in Ingham County to 40 to 175 years for molesting seven girls. They face a similar sentence in Eaton County for abusing three girls and has already been sentenced to 60 years for child pornography.
Their plea agreements allow all accusers to give impact statements and nearly 200 will have done so by the end of the hearings. One of their attorneys, Shannon Smith, said on a radio show Thursday that they don't believe that all those who are testifying were abused. They also said they have received death threats.
After Friday's drama, Newburg praised the deputies who intervened.
"They have gone to great lengths to ensure our safety in and out of the courtroom," they said in an email to NBC News.
CLEVELAND — Jacoby Ellsbury will serve as New York's designated hitter in Game 2 of the AL Division Series against the Indians.
Yankees manager Joe Girardi is going with Ellsbury over Chase Headley because of their success in the past against Cleveland ace Corey Kluber. Ellsbury has batted .263 (5-19) in their career against Kluber, who went 2-0 with a 1.59 ERA in two starts against New York this season. Headley is just 1 of 14 against Kluber.
The Indians won the opener 4-0 over the Yankees, who were held to three hits and got nothing from rookie slugger Aaron Judge. The MVP candidate struck out four times, but Girardi isn't worried about the right fielder, who slumped miserably after the All-Star break before a strong finish.
“I don't really have any concerns about it because as watching them go through some of their ups and downs this year, how he's always bounced back,” Girardi said. “So I'm not really too concerned about it.”
see also Playoffs all about redemption for one Yankees outfielder The last time the Yankees played in the postseason, Jacoby...
Indians manager Terry Francona made two moves with their lineup. Austin Jackson will start in left field against New York left-hander CC Sabathia, and Yan Gomes will catch Kluber. Roberto Perez started behind the plate in Game 1.
Also, Francona said there's a good chance Michael Brantley will start in left field in Game 3 at Yankee Stadium. Brantley missed 50 games over the final two months with an ankle injury.
However, Brantley, who is available off the bench in Game 2, has made huge progress in recent weeks and Francona is glad the All-Star is back. Brantley missed Cleveland's run to the World Series last year following two shoulder surgeries.
“He helps us win,” Francona said. “I'm excited for them because last year they missed out. This year, with a lot of hard work, he's now going to be a part of what we're doing. I know it will mean a lot to him, and because of that, it means a lot to us.”
Musk's 100-Day Giant Battery Promise Set To Be Fulfilled
Tesla Inc. chief executive Elon Musk is on track to deliver on a promise by building the world's biggest lithium-ion battery in the Australian Outback within 100 days, an official said on Tuesday.
Musk [pictured here] promised to build the 100-megawatt battery within 100 days of the contracts being signed at the end of September or hand it over to the South Australia state government for free.
Audrey Zibelman, chief executive of Australian Energy Market Operator Ltd., which manages the Australian electricity grid, said on Tuesday they expected the battery would be ready by Friday, the first day of the Australian summer when power use on air conditioning soars.
"We're in the process of testing that battery right now and we expect it to be ready on Dec. 1," Zibelman told Australian Broadcasting Corp.
"That's the end of this week and so we've done an incredible amount of work and I have to say I'm very pleased and delighted with Elon's staff. They've worked incredibly hard have done numerous things to get ready for the summer," they added.
State Premier Jay Weatherill announced last week that Tesla had finished installing the battery power packs near Jamestown, about 200 kilometers (120 miles) north of the state capital Adelaide.
"The world's largest lithium-ion battery will be an important part of our energy mix, and it sends the clearest message that South Australia will be a leader in renewable energy with battery storage," Weatherill told reporters on Thursday.
Tesla partnered with French renewable energy company Neoen to build the battery, which is more than three times larger than the previous record-holder at Mira Loma, California.
South Australia, which relies heavily on solar and wind-generated energy, has been scrambling to find a way to bolster its fragile power grid since the entire state suffered a blackout during a storm last year. Further blackouts plagued the state over the next few months.
The battery farm is part of a 550 million Australian dollar ($420 million) plan announced in March by Weatherill to make the state independent of the nation's power grid. The cost of the battery has not been made public.
The Australian Energy Market Operator has warned of potential shortages of gas-fired electricity across southeast Australia by late next year. The shortage is looming as Australia is expected to soon overtake Qatar as the world's biggest exporter of liquid natural gas. Australia is also a major exporter of coal, which fires much of its electricity generation and makes the country one of the world's worst greenhouse gas polluters on a per capita basis.
The South Australia battery will store energy from Neoen's Hornsdale Wind Farm near Jamestown. It will deliver energy during peak usage hours to help maintain the state's supply, and could power 30,000 homes, Tesla said.
© 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: Elon Musk Twitter page.
Saracens' Richard Wigglesworth says team-mate Alex Goode has got a real passion for fancy dress.
Speaking to Chris Jones and Ugo Monye on the Rugby Union Weekly podcast, scrum-half Wigglesworth spoke about a time recently when Goode deliberately turned up in a costume after telling the rest of the squad not to wear any fancy dress.
Wigglesworth said: "He's the fancy dress king, whenever we go away on trips and stuff they organise it all, they live for fancy dress."
Download and listen to the latest Rugby Union Weekly podcast.
SCOTTSDALE, Ariz. – A few hundred yards behind the 18th green, with hundreds of eager fans clamoring for autographs nearby, Rickie Fowler and Phil Mickelson crossed paths.
Fowler had just finished their interview session with the media after grabbing a share of the lead at 10 under. Mickelson, who made a flurry of late birdies to get within three shots, was about to step to the microphone.
“I'm going to try to get paired with you on Sunday,” Mickelson said with a grin.
“Let's do it,” Fowler replied. “I'm in.”
There are plenty of big names near the top of the leaderboard at the halfway point of the Waste Management Phoenix Open, but none carries more gravitas than that of Mickelson. A three-time champion at this event, Mickelson basks in the adulation of galleries here each year, just a short drive from their former stomping grounds at Arizona State.
But it's been five years since their near-59 led to title No. 3, and it's been nearly that long since their last win in general. Mickelson returned this week to make their record-tying 29th tournament appearance off a missed cut at the CareerBuilder Challenge and a middling performance at the Farmers Insurance Open, with their 25-year run inside the top 50 in the world rankings perilously close to coming to an end.
Suddenly, though, Lefty is once again all smiles at one of their favorite stomping grounds.
“There's no question that I play better down the stretch with people here, because I can feel their energy and it helps me focus,” Mickelson said. “It helps me get a little bit of strength, and I seem to play better when I'm around them. I can feel their energy.”
That energy was on full display Friday, where Mickelson carded a 6-under 65 to suddenly race into contention at an event where hours before they seemed to be flirting with the cut line. After a bogey on the 12th hole, they reeled off five birdies over their final six holes to reach 7 under and get within reach of both Fowler and Bryson DeChambeau, who are tied at the top.
“I've been working hard the last few months of getting the technical aspect down, and it's been hard for me to kind of transition my focus into play, to have fun and go hit shots and enjoy the day,” Mickelson said. “Today, it kind of turned. Today it kind of flipped a little bit.”
Full-field scores from the Waste Management Phoenix Open
Waste Management Phoenix Open: Articles, photos and videos
Mickelson dipped their toe in the fountain of youth last fall at the Presidents Cup, but he's still facing an uphill battle for career win No. 43. DeChambeau wasn't born when Mickelson won for the first time as a pro in 1993, nor was third-place Daniel Berger. Fowler was barely out of diapers.
“I respect Phil tremendously. He's been an incredible asset to the game and has done incredible things,” DeChambeau said. “So for them to be a couple behind me is obviously a little different, I'm not used to it.”
It's a challenge that Mickelson continues to relish, invigorated by the thousands that line the Stadium Course. They'll be out in full force again during the third round, where the former Sun Devil will once again be the most popular target of the stampeding crowds.
Having conjured a bit of momentum after starting slowly out of the gates in the new year, Mickelson will hope to build upon it under the pressures that only a spot on the leaderboard can provide. And, if all goes according to plan, they might find themselves alongside Fowler on the final-round tee sheet.
“I'm happy to be in contention,” Mickelson said. “My goal starting this tournament was just to play two good, solid rounds and get in it for the weekend, and that's where I'm at. So now I'll go one step further and see if I can get in that final group on Sunday.”
Jacob Rees-Mogg has denounced Number 10's customs partnership as a “betrayal of good sense” at an Open Europe event in the Commons this afternoon. The Mogg was clear May's hybrid model was not acceptable to Brexiters:
“It's completely cretinous… it's a betrayal of good sense, I cannot understand why government is faffing around with this system. I'm on the same side as Mr Barnier on this, god bless him.”
They insisted there was “no prospect” that Number 10 could u-turn on its customs union red line:
“No deal is a pretty good deal… things like staying in the customs union would be a bad deal… [it] would not be delivering the result of the referendum. David Cameron spent taxpayers money delivering a leaflet saying we would be leaving the single market and the customs union… There are two parts of the customs union, common external tariff means you cannot offer lower tariffs to trading partners in rest of the world, then there is the regulatory side… being in the customs union means you become a tariff taker and rule taker and you end up worse off than you would be as a member of the EU.”
And says if they did cave on the customs union the Tories would lose the next election:
“Say this government took leave of its senses and decided to keep us effectively in EU by staying in the customs union… who would vote for us?… I don't see how politically this is going to work… I don't think it will happen in the first place but if it did it would be put right through ballot box.”
They made the point that those seeking to force Number 10 to cave on the customs union are Remainers trying to overturn the result:
“The reason people want to keep us in the single market and the customs union is that they never wanted us to leave and don't like the result of the referendum.”
They said that Theresa May is a “very enigmatic figure” about Brexit and that “it is hard to know what level of enthusiasm” they have for their government's main policy.
Have Number 10 got the message about their fudge yet?
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
Panaji: The passing out parade of trainees who have undergone six months training in elementary course in general firefighting of driver operators and watch room operators was held at Directorate of Fire and Emergency Services, fire force headquarters, St Inez, on Saturday. Ashok Menon, director, Fire and Emergency Services, was the chief guest for the function.Goa Fire Force Training Centre has been recognised as one of the regional training centres in the country by the Union Ministry of Home Affairs. This training centre has been imparting quality training for the last 32 years and a total number of 34,805 candidates from different parts of the country have been trained in fire prevention, fire protection, fire-fighting and fire extinction.
The present batch of 35 recruit driver operators/watch room operators were exposed to various theoretical and practical aspects in fire fighting, rescue techniques, first aid, fire prevention and fire protection.The director advised the trainees to be dedicated and disciplined in their service and make use of the training in their place of work.Nitin Raiker, deputy director (Fire), south zone-Margao, Rohit Kadam, deputy director (Administration), Fire and Emergency Services, Rajendra Haldankar, divisional officer central zone Ponda, Ajit Kamat, assistant divisional officer north zone Panaji were also present for the function.Shripad Gawas, station fire officer compared the function and Bosco Ferrao, station fire officer proposed the vote of thanks. [NT]
It could be called the “Most Entertaining Minute on Television” — and, for college football fans, it's definitely appointment TV.
At 11:59 a.m. Saturday, approximately 1.8 million viewers will tune in to watch the final minute of ESPN's “College GameDay” to see if the show's analyst, Coach Lee Corso, will pick the West Virginia Mountaineers or the TCU Horned Frogs to win their matchup.
The phenomenon, known as “Headgear” — celebrating its 300th edition Saturday — was born on Oct. 5, 1996, when, during the pick segment at the end of the show (which airs from 9 a.m. to noon), Corso donned Ohio State's mascot head, Brutus the Buckeye, to illustrate they were picking Ohio State to win its game.
“We thought it would be a one-time thing. But the reaction was so overwhelming,” says analyst Kirk Herbstreit, whose wife, Allison — a former Ohio State cheerleader — procured the inaugural head.
‘We thought it would be a one-time thing. But the reaction was so overwhelming.'
Even if Herbstreit thought it might have been one and done for headgear, Corso knew they were on to something.
“As soon as I did it, I had an idea [it was going to be big] because the crowd went wild, the truck went wild and the people at ESPN loved it,” they say. “And I thought, ‘I think I've got a shtick here, I'll stay with it.' I never dreamed it would be 300.”
While “Headgear” is now shared across many platforms of social media, that obviously wasn't possible when it premiered 21 years ago.
“If it had been around then, it would have gone instantly viral,” says Chris Fowler, who hosted “College GameDay” from 1990 to 2014.
So what makes a grown man wearing an oversized mascot head so appealing? “The man inside the mascot head is the essential part of it. That's because he's so authentic,” says Fowler. “You put a head on somebody else and it's not funny. You put it on [Corso] and it becomes funny.”
Corso's record currently stands at 196 wins and 103 losses.
According to Lee Fitting, ESPN's VP of production, college sports — who previously produced “College GameDay” — Corso reminds their colleagues often that it's not the Xs and Os that people are tuning in for: it's the entertainment factor.
“Coach always says, ‘Remember sweetheart, we're in the entertainment business and college football is our vehicle,'” Fitting says. “‘​We're not in the college football business.​'​ We joke around that the other two hours and 59 minutes of the show are meaningless.”
Since Fitting has been associated with “College GameDay,” the show has won seven Sports Emmy Awards (four consecutively) for Outstanding Weekly Studio Show.
“It's so rare in TV and in sports TV that you get TV gold and Coach's headgear is TV gold at its best,” says Fitting. “It's such a natural fun moment. Most shows would die to have something like that to end their show. Coach and their headgear are ‘College GameDay.' Period.”
Getting their ‘Headgear' together
“Headgear” is a week-long production.
Corso calls Fitting every Monday morning like clockwork to discuss their ideas for headgear. “It's the best 15 minutes of my week,” says Fitting.
Corso tweaks the script and decides if they need props — and then, by Saturday, it all comes together.
The co-hosts do not know who Corso is picking — or what he'll be doing. “We call it the skit. It's like, ‘What does LC have for the skit?'” says Herbstreit. “He has so much fun with that. He's like a 7-year-old kid. He's 82, he's done it a million times, you'd think it would get old but they look forward to it so much that I want to be a part of their enjoyment.”
If the mascot has guns, Corso is taught how to use them. The crew quadruple-checks that the guns are loaded with blanks, which doesn't stop them from being exceedingly loud. Herbstreit compares the firing of the guns to a firecracker going off next to your ear.
There have been 56 different heads. Including lions, tigers and bears, a founding father and a past president.
Corso is a perfect 17-for-17 when picking the USC Trojans, and what started out with a simple Trojan helmet has expanded to include body armor and a sword. The skit usually concludes with Corso and Herbstreit jokingly stabbing at each other with swords.
There have been many live animals used as part of the skit, including dogs, gators, a gamecock and even a bison named Corso.
North Dakota State named their baby bison mascot after Corso, who's 2-for-2 when picking the Bison at home in Fargo.
One of Corso's favorite mascots is the Oregon Duck. “The Duck is the San Diego chicken of football mascots.  They are the funniest guy,” says Corso. The Duck ranks fifth on Corso's all-time headgear list and Coach is 13 and 5 when picking Oregon.
And one of the country's wealthiest men is a fan of “Headgear.”
At the the National Championship game in 2015 — between Ohio State and Oregon — Ed Bass was given the privilege of handing Corso the headgear. “I will always remember, here was this billionaire who appreciated that moment and what it meant to fan so much,” says Rece Davis, current host of “College GameDay.” “He wasn't on camera. Nobody knew it was him. They were the guy who handed Coach the headgear from underneath the set and it was really cool.”
“That was the coolest thing I've ever done,” Rece remembers Bass saying.
1:35 Mattingly talks about José Fernandez at spring training Pause
0:58 Wade on Riley: 'I have nothing to squash, I'm thankful for what we were able to build here'
0:35 Dwyane Wade gets thunderous applause when taking the court against the Miami Heat
0:40 Oroville dam break would flood almost 200,000 California residents in 7 hours
1:32 Press Secretary says press should focus more on leaks than Flynn's resignation
0:54 Cubans executed by Castro regime on display in the European Parliament
2:23 Konpa champ Gazzman Couleur and dISIP play Hollywood Live
2:40 Miami Dolphins draft pick Laremy Tunsil addresses media after allergic reaction
1:08 Dolphins Wake: I've been an underdog since day one
Victor Oladipo ‘sick and tired' of Paul George comparisons
Indiana Pacers guard Victor Oladipo was the major piece in the summer's Paul George trade, and the move to Indianapolis has agreed with him. He's averaging career bests in points per game with 24.5 and rebounds per game at 5.3, and is putting on a show regularly, including a 47-point game against Denver on Sunday.
It is only natural, then, that Oladipo would be frequently compared to the man they were traded for. The 25-year-old doesn't want to hear it, however.
This from #Victor Oladipo, on the trade that brought them to #Pacers – "I'm kind of getting sick and tired of the comparisons with Paul George and myself. He's moved on. I moved on. I'm happy here, he's happy there. I wish them all the best. I'm feathery, right here as a Pacer." — Clifton Brown (@CliftonGBrown) December 11, 2017
Both Oladipo and the Pacers as a whole are having better seasons than George and the Oklahoma City Thunder. The former Pacer has openly admitted to growing frustrated, while the man who they replaced seems to be having a great time. The comparisons are always going to happen given the nature of the deal, but Oladipo can rightly point out that he's simply been better, for various reasons.
Walking into a room of strangers can be an incredibly painful experience for all but the bold. Every business owner has to do it at one time or another, but even the most outgoing people can end up feeling a little shy. MSNBC's JJ Ramberg has these tips for feeling more comfortable and confident at networking efforts.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed 3 tips for overcoming the fear of networking events 1:34 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Global wine output fell to its lowest level in 60 years in 2017 due to poor weather conditions in the European Union that slashed production in the bloc, international wine organization OIV said.
Wine production totaled 250 million hectoliters last year, down 8.6 percent from 2016, data from the Paris-based International Organisation of Vine and Wine (OIV) released on Tuesday showed.
It is the lowest level since 1957, when it had fallen to 173.8 million hectoliters, the OIV said.
A hectoliter represents 100 liters, or the equivalent of just over 133 standard 750 ml wine bottles.
All top wine producers in the EU have been hit by harsh weather last year, which lead to an overall fall in the bloc of 14.6 percent to 141 million hectoliters.
The OIV's projections, which exclude juice and must (new wine), put Italian wine production down 17 percent at 42.5 million hectoliters, French output down 19 percent at 36.7 million and Spanish production down 20 percent at 32.1 million.
The French government said last year production had hit a record low due to a series of poor weather conditions including spring frosts, drought and storms that affected most of the main growing regions including Bordeaux and Champagne.
In contrast, production remained nearly stable in the United States, the world's fourth largest producer, and China, which has become the world's seventh largest wine producer behind Australia and Argentina.
Trends were mixed in Latin America, with a rise of 25 percent in Argentina after a very low production in 2016 and a decline of 6 percent in Chile.
Global wine consumption edged higher at around 243 million hectoliters in 2017, up 1.8 percent from a year earlier. The United States confirmed its position as largest world wine consumer with 32.6 million hectoliters, followed by France at 27 million.
Chinese wine consumption rose significantly for a third year in a row with an increase in 2017 of 3.5 percent at 17.9 million hectoliters.
On the export market, Spain remains the largest exporting country by volume with a global market share of 20.5 percent, while France keeps its leading position in value with 9.0 billion euros ($11 billion) of wine exported last year.
In total, global exports totaled 107.9 million hectoliters in 2017, up 3.8 percent on the previous year, and 30 billion euros in value, an increase of 5.1 percent on 2016.
In brief: Amazon has been granted a patent for drone technology that allows the craft to strategically self-destruct in the event of an emergency. The system uses the drone's onboard computer to determine the safest course of action.
SECRET AGENT DRONE
Amazon is taking a page out of the spy genre in a newly-patented feature for its future fleet of delivery drones. Filings for a patent granted to the internet retailer show a self-destructing drone that is able to strategically disassemble in the air during an emergency to mitigate any potential damage from an otherwise fully-formed delivery drone, or as the patent describes it, “direct fragmentation for unmanned airborne vehicles.”
Perhaps the self-destructing drones will find a home in the recently-patented hive-like structure approved this past summer.
Amazon / USPTO
While programming a self-destruct sequence may seem like a curious safety feature, having a crashing drone break into pieces before impact can reduce the chances for significant property damage or injury to people on the ground. The feature would use the onboard computing system to analyze conditions to determine the best course of action.
An illustration included with the patent filing shows the device disassembling to drop pieces on empty patches of ground, in a small body of water, and safely crashing into a tree.
DRONE TECH
Amazon has big plans for its delivery drones that don't involve ripping themselves apart in mid-air. The company was granted a patent in mid-October to allow drones to recharge electric vehicles, which would effectively give the world its first commercial roving fueling stations. And this is just one of the many innovative applications of drone technology that have emerged recently.
Another internet giant, Facebook, is deploying drone technology to beam the internetto underserved areas, like rural regions around the world and even disaster-stricken places, which could allow enhanced communication for those who need it most. Another drone could similarly deliver much-needed help in a pinch by flying Automated External Defibrillators (AED) directly to the scene of an emergency, long before EMS crews would be able to arrive.
Amazon simply being granted the patent doesn't make the actual development of the self-destructing drone inevitable. While trials of the Amazon Prime Air delivery service have begun in the UK, there's no clear timeline of when the company would start regularly delivering packages using drones.
"Amazon's New Drone Designed to Self-Destruct in Emergencies" was originally published by Futurism, LLC on Dec. 2, 2017 by Patrick Caughill. Copyright 2017. Futurism, LLC. All rights reserved.
Chase Headley's early-season struggles last year were difficult, but they could handle personal disappointment. Been there, done that.
What frustrated the veteran third baseman more than their constant empty trips to the plate last April was what they felt it did to the team. The Yankees dug themselves an early hole last season, starting 8-16, and Headley put it on their shoulders.
“I started extremely poorly, and that contributed to the team starting bad,” they said on Monday before the Yankees opened a three-game series with the White Sox at the Stadium. “I knew I couldn't start the way I started last year.”
Headley hasn't, keying the Yankees' best start (8-4) since 2010, when they began 9-3. Despite injuries to lineup linchpins Gary Sanchez (strained biceps) and Didi Gregorius (strained right shoulder), the Bombers are second in the American League in runs scored (60), a nod to the team's surprising depth, and the production of Headley.
“It's a small sample size, but I feel like I'm playing the way I'm capable of,” they said. “I feel like I'm swinging at the pitches I want to, and that's always a good place to start.
“You get a few hits, you get confident, and things can take off from there.”
He's leading the team in batting average (.410), hits (16), runs scored (11), and on-base percentage (.531), has four extra-base hits, two of them home runs, and has played a stellar third base. They also have stolen three bases in as many attempts.
“He's done it all,” manager Joe Girardi said. “It's the complete opposite of the way they started last year. It's great to see, because we remember the struggles they went through last year and how hard it was on him.”
It's indeed quite the contrast from a year ago, when Headley batted .150 in April and didn't get off the interstate until mid-May. They rebounded to finish the year hitting .251 with 14 home runs, 51 RBIs and a .712 OPS. But the start put him, and the Yankees, in a hole.
“You can't just take a month and two weeks out of the season, and say, ‘Oh, I had a [good] season with the exception of this month and a half,' ” the 32-year-old Headley said. “It counts.”
Headley has rarely gotten off to starts like this, a career .238 hitter in April over their previous eight seasons. They didn't change much this offseason. They didn't have a new workout regimen or begin hitting earlier. They didn't have a great spring training, either, batting just .200 in 50 at-bats. And yet, Headley has started the season scorching hot.
“I tried to make sure I was focused in spring training and working on the things I felt I need to work on,” they said. “That's not that much different than any other year. … I really wanted to have a little extra [focus], just making sure I got what I needed.”
Headley said the biggest change is their mechanics, out of whack at this point a year ago. He's using their legs more and staying in their swing longer, which is in turn giving them a better chance to go the opposite way. He's reaching more pitches and doing damage with them.
“When you have a little bit of margin for error, you can hit the ball to all parts of the field,” Headley said, “and you don't have to be perfect all the time.”
In this courtroom sketch, Duty counsel Georgia Koulis, from left, Alek Minassian, Justice of the Peace Stephen Waisberg and Crown prosecutor Joe Callaghan appear in court in Toronto on Tuesday, April 24, 2018. The 25-year-old suspect, Minassian, was charged Tuesday with first degree murder in the deaths of 10 pedestrians they mowed down in the rented van they sent careening along the busy walkway. The Canadian Press via AP Alexandra Newbould
Experts from across Europe are meeting at the Scottish Police College to discuss the emerging threats in intellectual property crime particularly the illegal use of Internet protocol television (IPTV).
The illegal use of Internet protocol television has risen by 143 per cent in the past year and is predominantly being carried out online. This involves the uploading of streams, server hosting and sales of pre-configured devices.
The seminar being hosted at the Scottish Police College today (April 18, 2017) is for European industry experts including stakeholders from the public, private and third sectors. They are all committed to working with Law Enforcement Agencies to ensure we have the knowledge and capability to address this emerging threat. The conference is an opportunity to share ideas, knowledge and investigative techniques to address the issues of piracy across Scotland.
Issues being discussed include: the diverse nature of the criminality; efforts by industry bodies to provide technical solutions to intellectual property criminality; and the ever-changing business models adopted by organised criminal groups to diversify into this highly-profitable field.
Chief Inspector Mark Leonard, Police Scotland's Safer Communities said: “This event is an example of how we are responding to changing crime patterns. Through our partnership working approach with other Law Enforcement agencies and the private sector we are leading the way in the protection of intellectual property and committed to keeping people safe from internet-based criminality.
“As part of Police Scotland's ten-year strategy, Policing 2026, we are committed to transforming the service and provide our officers with the knowledge and tools to investigate emerging digital crime trends.”
Image copyright Pacemaker Image caption The machine was removed from inside the shop on the Crossgar Road, Ballynahinch
A cash machine containing a substantial sum of money and a safe have been stolen from a service station in Ballynahinch, County Down.
The machine was located inside Donard View filling station.
It is thought the burglary took place before 04:30 BST on Tuesday.
The police have appealed for anyone who saw suspicious activity in the town's Crossgar Road area to contact them.
Explaining evangelical
Regarding the Jan. 29 Focus story, “What does it mean to be evangelical?”: This article really helped me understand the origin, growth, and various meanings of the word evangelical and the movements created around it. Thank you for providing that background and explaining the righteous and religious fervor I see in some Republicans who identify as white and evangelical. It's not just a political goal for them but a moral and religious one, too. It makes sense to me now.
Marianne Scott
Recommended: Could you pass a US citizenship test?
Boulder, Colo.
Learning more about hometown
Regarding the Jan. 1 & 8 cover stories, “Bridging black and white”: This is a beautifully written, well-researched, very balanced story, with the right mix of inspiration/emotion and facts. I'm a native St. Louisan and wasn't aware of these meaningful interactions going on right here! Thank you for this wonderful story.
Barbara Rea
St. Louis
Solutions for youth problems
Regarding the Jan. 22 Focus article, “How Iceland kicked teen drinking”: As director of a children's educational theater program, I am terribly excited to find this story and will be looking for ways to use it and its ideas as I bring families and young actors into our program.
Caroline Rackley
Las Vegas, N.M.
The Jan. 22 Focus article was inspiring! I love learning of new and successful solutions to widespread problems, especially those that relate to youth and families.
It is good to hear that this idea is being investigated by communities in West Virginia. Wouldn't it be great if more areas in the United States were to pick up on it?
Thanks for helping to spread the word.
Franja Bryant
Bellevue, Wash.
Related stories
Read this story at csmonitor.com
Become a part of the Monitor community
Image copyright Joe Giddens/PA Image caption Cherise Lyons, 57, (right) denies causing death by dangerous driving
A driver knocked down and killed a 100-year-old woman in a supermarket car park after accidentally pressing the accelerator, a trial has heard.
Cherise Lyons, 57, said they "panicked a bit" before the van "flattened bollards" outside Asda in Shoeburyness, Essex, in November 2016.
Joan Roskilly suffered serious injuries and died on their way to hospital.
Ms Lyons admits causing their death by careless driving but denies causing death by dangerous driving.
Basildon Crown Court was told carer Ms Lyons, of Kingsmill Road, Dagenham, was driving their disabled client Reece Clarke to buy flowers, and "did not feel uncomfortable" in the automatic Renault Trafic.
Wheelchair user Mr Clarke was sitting in the back of the adapted vehicle they owned at the time.
The jury heard Ms Lyons had got out to check the fuel cap before getting back into the driver's side.
"As I turned back the car was rolling," they told the court. "Then I said 'the car's rolling' - and panicked a bit.
"I thought I was on the brake all the time but I obviously wasn't," they said. "I just wanted to stop the car."
Image copyright Google Image caption The incident happened in the car park of Asda in Shoeburyness, in November 2016
Ms Lyons said the van had gone through bollards but they steered it to avoid hitting the store.
Prosecutor Patrick Dennis said a police crash investigator concluded that when Ms Lyons got out of the vehicle "she must have left the engine running with the vehicle in gear".
"She's accidentally pressed the accelerator and that's overridden the handbrake and caused the vehicle to move forward and the bollards to be flattened," they said.
Mrs Roskilly, who was shopping with a friend, died while on their way to hospital after suffering leg and pelvis injuries.
The trial continues.
Shaun Wane was pleased with the way their Wigan team showcased a more expansive attack as they registered an impressive 40-12 win at Salford on the opening night.
The Warriors edged a fast-paced opening half 10-6 but cut loose in the second-half to score five further tries - and ensure they head to Australia in a positive mood.
The left-edge pairing of Liam Marshall and Oliver Gildart finished with two tries each, with Morgan Escare also crossing down that flank in their first game since last May.
“I was satisfied,” said Wane. “We did some good things, we did things we practiced. I'm pleased.
“I thought the two tries they scored were soft, defensively from us, but overall I'm happy. I'd have taken that score before the game.
“There was a bit more ball-movement, a bit more movement from the players, and in the second-half I saw what we've been practising.
“We looked energetic, we looked fit, and in the back-end of the game they couldn't cope with it.
“It was good to see Morgan out there again - they winded themselves by doing a stupid dive for their try!”
Escare's introduction in the first-half saw Sam Tomkins switch from full-back to half-back, and No.7 Sam Powell move to hooker, and the ploy paid off.
“I liked how the spine worked, we had plenty of options,” said Wane. “We changed the spine quite a bit but we looked comfortable, with whoever we put in different positions.”
Ben Flower didn't return to the action in the second-half after rolling their ankle, but will be fit to fly out to Australia.
Joe Burgess, Sean O'Loughlin and John Bateman - who didn't play Salford - will also make the trip to face Hull FC in Wollongong, and Souths in Sydney, on consecutive Saturdays.
“It's round one, we won't get carried away and we will need to be better to beat Hull. But it was a good start,” added Wane.
Salford coach Ian Watson hailed Wigan's second-half display as “outstanding”, particularly their lethal left edge.
“I thought we were great in the first half and we looked pretty comfortable,” they said. “But Wigan's left edge tore us apart with the likes of Williams and Gildart. We knew all about it and had prepped for it but dealing with it is something else.
“Wigan were outstanding - they executed well and took their opportunities.”
Young prop Caine Barnes, who is in Shaun Wane's senior squad but has not played for the first-team, has joined Workington on a month's loan.
2:08 The Vagina Whisperer makes women feel 19 again Women are going under the knife to improve the look and feel of their vaginas. Dr. Amir Marashi, aka the Vagina Whisperer, says their procedures, which cost up to $12,000, have saved couples who were on the verge of divorce. “The woman who says, 'Oh, I never get orgasms.' Now they want to have sex all the time,” the cosmetic gynecologist told The Post.
3:06 Unpacking the hype over Cardi B This installment of “Pop Culture Crash Course” teaches us all about Cardi B, the Bronx native who rocketed to the top of the charts with their hit song “Bodack Yellow.” Mark is a boomer hoping to better connect with their teenage daughter. Alyssa is a funny millennial ready and willing to explain the world to him.
2:14 This babe gets off putting the family jewels under lock and key Penis cages are all the rage in the BDSM community. Bondage professional Elise Graves spoke with The Post about the various devices used for restricting a man's junk. From medieval-inspired belts to penis cages, male chastity is surprisingly popular in the sex toy world. “There is a c--k cage,” Graves explained. “And there's something called a ‘keyholder.' A person cannot get out of their cage unless I choose to allow that.” For those looking to try out this kink, affordable cages start at $15 online.
3:19 These dating-app red flags terrify women What goes through a woman's mind when she's swiping left on Tinder? NYPost.com producers Stephanie, Kayla and Brian sit down with the popular dating app to expose the biggest red flags men are hanging on their online profiles. The list of no-nos includes sketchy shirtlessness and mysterious women popping up in the profile pics. “Girls don't like seeing girls in your profile,” Stephanie explained. “Then I got to look at the profile to see if you're a couple looking for a good time.”
3:05 Confused about fashion? Here's the skinny on 'millennial pink' Fashion goes right over baby boomer Mark's head. Luckily, millennial Alyssa is teaching this single dad about one of today's biggest trends with the young'uns: millennial pink. From fashion week to happy hour, Alyssa schools Mark in the color that's totally taking over.
3:34 Working moms are producing mentally ill children, says author Working moms are more likely to have children with mental illness, according to psychoanalyst Erica Kosimar. “I was actually seeing an epidemic level of mental disorders in very young children,” the author of “ Being There ” told The Post. Them advice for working moms is to maximize attachment time at home. “Put all of your distractions in a basket: your computers, your iPads, your phones. Don't pick them up ‘til your baby goes to sleep,” Kosimar warned. In the United States, 27 percent of new moms go back to work after just a few weeks.
3:10 This regular guy learns the modern way to watch movie trailers This installment of “Pop Culture Crash Course” teaches out-of-touch folks all about the new comedy “Game Night,” and where to find the movie trailer without flipping on the TV. Mark is a baby boomer hoping to better connect with their teenage daughter. Alyssa is a funny millennial ready and willing to explain the world to him.
1:02 This is why you don't friend your co-workers on social media Is your co-worker creeping on your social media? Two out of five people surveyed by Sugarcookie.com said they have masturbated while perusing their colleagues' Facebook, Instagram or Twitter. Of the 2,000 people polled, a shocking 39 percent of men and 42 percent of women admitted doing more than just looking.
1:00 Nearly all the presidents love pets, except Trump Donald Trump has yet to choose a first dog. The 45th POTUS is one of just three US presidents to do without a pet. In fact, the vast majority of past commanders-in-chief owned multiple animals, including dogs, cats, horses, birds, bears, alligators, goats, opossums, and even a hippo, courtesy of Calvin Coolidge.
The best advice top fashion designers got from their moms In honor of Mother's Day, Alexa asked eight fashion designers and creatives to share stories about their amazing and inspirational mamas. Here are those tributes — along with their fragrance...
Style scion Aerin Lauder shares their spring inspiration list Designer Aerin Lauder seeks inspiration for their signature beauty, accessories and home lines in every corner of the world. They find it in vibrant prints, vintage photographs of lazy summer...
Aerin Lauder kicks up the fun in chic Capri sandals are the rare flats that move from day to evening in a flash — of metallic calfskin, golden charms and natural stones. Aerin Lauder is such a fan...
15 after-Christmas sale items you need to buy now The Christmas trees may be gone, and the menorahs tucked away until next season, but there's still plenty to celebrate. After-Christmas sales are the perfect time to get those pieces...
A New Hampshire girl who was abducted and held in a shipping container for nine months stared down their accused kidnapper during a court hearing on Tuesday. Abigail Hernandez, 15,...
From engaging conversations on cloud technology and security to an Innovation Super Session with former U.S. Secretary of State Gen. Colin Powell, the Citrix Synergy 2017 Conference explored the future of work and how to drive business forward.
At the conference, Citrix unveiled new solutions and shared best practices to help public sector IT enable government employees to work from anywhere on any device – all while maintaining stringent security standards. If you missed this year's Synergy event, here are highlights relevant to the priorities of our federal, state, and local government customers.
Increasing productivity
Work now happens everywhere, across the globe and spanning different time zones. This is no different for Government employees, and secure tools are required to help teams work more efficiently and communicate effectively.
Read the entire article here, Synergy 2017: How the Public Sector Can Embrace the Future of Work
via the fine folks at Citrix Systems, Inc.
These spring breakers in Florida won't let a trip to the slammer stand in the way of their fun.
The Okaloosa County Sheriff's Office said more than a dozen partying minors were arrested Saturday afternoon and were all smiles on a bus headed to jail.
In a photo tweeted by deputies, some of the shackled spring breakers flashed big grins — with one girl even appearing to pose with my handcuffs.
The gang of 14 was arrested for underage drinking amid St. Patrick's Day celebrations, authorities said.
“We remind you we have #ZeroTolerance for underage drinking!” the sheriff's office said. “21 is the law — and it's strictly enforced for your safety and the safety of those around you.”
QUANTICO, Md. — Authorities in Maryland are seizing the horses that remain alive on a Maryland farm where dozens of horses were found dead or malnourished.
Wicomico County Sheriff Mike Lewis says they responded to a report about decaying horse corpses at the farm and found a dire situation, where starving horses had broken the sliding glass doors at the back of the farmhouse, desperate to get in and find something to eat.
The sheriff says it's not the first time Barbara Pilchard has been accused of animal neglect on the 2-acre farm they share with their husband Clayton.
The sheriff tells The Daily Times of Salisbury that the property was investigated by the sheriff's department, the humane society and an equine expert several years ago, but there was insufficient evidence at the time to support charges of horse neglect. The sheriff says two deputies recalled Friday that Barbara Pilchard had been charged with 100 counts of animal neglect in 1995 when 200 cats were removed from the same property. They say those charges were indefinitely postponed.
Lewis says the dead horses will be disposed of in a lined container at the county landfill to keep any infectious disease from infiltrating the groundwater.
The live horses will be taken to an undisclosed location.
The Humane Society of Wicomico County executive director, Aaron Balsamo, says their agency is investigating.
Getty Images The cost of medical care and other consumer staples aren't rising as fast lately and that's led to lower inflation.
WASHINGTON (MarketWatch) — Federal Reserve Chairwoman Janet Yellen is a doubter: They aren't convinced a recent softening trend in inflation will be sustained.
The nation's top central banker on Wednesday said it's important “not to overreact” to what they consider a temporary dropoff in inflation in the past several months. They pointed to a “huge decline in cell telephone” plans and prescription drugs as unusual influences on low inflation readings.
Owing in no small part to those declines, the Fed's preferred PCE price index slipped to a 1.7% annual rate in April from a five-year high of 2.1% in February. Now it's below the central bank's long-run target of 2%.
Read: U.S. retail sales in May are weakest in 16 months
Yet it's not just wireless plans and drugs whose prices have tapered off.
The latest consumer price index, for example, shows the cost of housing and medical care have waned in recent months. Energy prices are lower, too. Those are some of the biggest expenses — and drivers of inflation — in the U.S. economy.
Take medical care. The annual cost increase fell to 2.7% in the 12 months ended in May from an eight-year high of 4.9% in mid-2016.
The cost of shelter has also eased to a 3.3% annualized increase from 3.6% at the end of last year.
As a result, the rate of inflation over the past 12 months as measured by the CPI slowed to 1.9% in May from a five-year high of 2.7% just four months ago.
Still, Yellen pointed to a tight labor market in which unemployment is at a 16-year low of 4.3% as evidence that inflation is bound to creep higher.
“The conditions are in place for inflation to move up,” they said.
Mind you, Yellen doesn't believe inflation is about to surge. And they left open the possibility that the Fed could put off another interest rate hike if slows any further.
Read:Inflation is right around the corner, Yellen insists
“This morning's reading on the CPI showed weakness in a number of categories, and it certainly is something that we will be closely monitoring in the months ahead,” they said.
But the CPI report was not enough to dissuade the Fed from raising interest rates. The central bank on Wednesday raised a key U.S. interest rate for the second time this year.
Climate Change: What Did We Know and When Did We Know it?
Views : 3
Chris Stapleton leads ACM Awards nominations with eight The singer and songwriter is up for awards in five categories including entertainer of the year.
Luke Bryan gets political about ACM Awards "Democrats and Republicans are going to get along on Sunday night," Bryan teased.
Pranee Chaiyadam/Shutterstock
When your alarm clock goes off and your eyes snap open, what's the first thing on your mind? Do you calculate how long you can hit snooze? Are you already going over the day's to-do list? Mindlessly checking your phone?
If any or all of these morning habits sound familiar, you're definitely not alone. As a matter of fact, 60 percent of people check their phones immediately when they wake up, according to a 2015 survey. Not only should you stop using your smartphone in bed—seriously—but these mind-numbing routines are among what you'll regret most in life. So why not take a different approach?
In a commencement speech at Stanford University in 2005, Steve Jobs advised their audience to start each morning with one specific sentence. Doing so, they said, will change the way we approach our day-to-day lives. Jobs got the idea after reading a quote about death when they were 17. From then on, they started each morning by looking in the mirror and asking, “If today were the last day of my life, would I want to do what I'm about to do today?”
Now, try it for yourself. Asking yourself this powerful question every day requires you to deeply consider what you do on a daily basis—and if you find fulfillment in it. It can also help you narrow down your tasks to the essential ones. Instead of wasting time with mindless activities like browsing the Internet, you'll start filling your days with more satisfying things, such as spending time with family and friends. (By the way, these two ages will be the happiest years of your life.) Plus, you'll stop worrying about what other people think of you; your energy and focus should be elsewhere, like improving yourself, reaching your goals, and making an impact on the world.
Now that you have made a habit of asking this one simple question every morning, congratulations! You're one step closer finding the secret to living a fulfilling life.
Source: Inc.com
Having a child out of wedlock is the norm for women in their 40s Who needs a ring? A majority of US women who've never married have given birth to at least one child by the time they reach 44, according to a new...
New Yorkers are having less babies The City That Never Sleeps is making fewer babies. There were 121,673 births in the city in 2015, a 1.4 percent drop in the birth rate from 2014 and a...
Women in 30s having more babies than younger moms For the first time, women in their early 30s are having more babies than younger moms in the United States. Health experts say the shift is due to more women...
New Yorkers keep having fewer babies Maybe we need to play more Marvin Gaye. New York's birth rate is declining and is now the fourth lowest among the nation's 10 largest metro areas, according to 2016...
New Yorkers have stopped breeding More New Yorkers are keeping their nests empty. The city's birth rate is the lowest since 1936 — having steadily declined over the past decade, according to data obtained by...
MUMBAI, India — Sunrisers Hyderabad successfully defended their second lowest total in Indian Premier League history by recording 31-run victory over defending champions Mumbai Indians on Tuesday.
Seamer Siddarth Kaul picked up 3-23 and Afghanistan's Rashid Khan snapped up 2-11 with their masterful googlies and legspinners as Mumbai was bowled out for 87 in 18.5 overs.
Earlier, after being put into bat, Hyderabad was dismissed for its second lowest IPL total when it fell to Mumbai seamers for 118 in 18.4 overs.
“Without a doubt we were expecting a lot more from ourselves with the bat,” Hyderabad captain Kane Williamson said. “A number of injuries, a change in balance, but the best part of it was how the guys were engaged in the second half.”
Mumbai, which now has lost five out of six matches, buckled against some fine seam and spin bowling despite Hyderabad going without its frontline injured seamers.
Billy Stanlake was ruled out of remainder of IPL due to fractured finger and injured Bhuvneshwar Kumar was rested from the game.
Mumbai's chase was in disarray when it stuttered at 21-3 in the sixth over that included key wicket of captain Rohit Sharma for just 2.
“118 on any wicket, we should have been able to get that, we just weren't there,” Rohit said. “We needed to show some intent but we didn't … they kept us guessing all the time. A few of us played bad shots including myself.”
Suryakumar Yadav (34) and Krunal Pandya (24) shared the best partnership of the innings by combining in a 40-run fourth-wicket stand before Mumbai lost its last six wickets for just 14 runs.
Rashid hurried the collapse when they successfully won an lbw television referral against Krunal and Kaul ran through the tail in quick succession as Hyderabad clinched its fourth win in the tournament.
Earlier, Hardik Pandya (2-20) and Mitchell McClenaghan (2-22) polished off Hyderabad's top order as the visitors' innings never got any momentum from the onset.
McClenaghan struck twice in their first over when they clean bowled fit-again Shekhar Dhawan and then Wriddhiman Saha was caught behind for zero.
Hardik had captain Kane Williamson (29) caught behind off an inside edge and Manish Pandey (16) drove carelessly in the covers as Hyderabad stuttered at 63-5 in the ninth over.
Mumbai's 20-year-old Mayank Markande took their wickets tally to 10 to be the leading wicket-taker in the IPL by clean bowling Mohammad Nabi (16) and Basil Thampi.
Yusuf Pathan (29) struck seamer Mustafizur Rahman for a six over long-on which took Hyderabad past its lowest ever total of 113 in the IPL — also made against Mumbai in 2015.
However, Yusuf holed out in the deep off the next ball to be last man out as only four Hyderabad batsmen could reach double figures.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
New executive board members of the Wayne Memorial Hospital Auxiliary include, from left: Diane Fox, Mary Lou Davis, Melissa Rickard, Rosemarie Corigliano, Janet Leinert, installing officer; Pat Kandrovy and Diane Popovich. Old Forge High School students Iain Kerrigan, left, Kole Barbetti, center, and Christian Killino organized a math fundraiser for St. Jude's Research Hospital. Image Gallery for Lightbox link
Super students
For Christian Killino, Iain Kerrigan and Kole Barbetti's senior project they held a Math-a-thon at Old Forge High School to benefit St. Jude's Research Hospital.
During the Math-a-thon, their peers, including Nicholas Salerno, Mia Peregrim, Matthew Tucker, Riley Schmidt, Stephanie Kucharski, Sarah Markle, Autumn Talarico, Camryn Grebb, Ryan Gilbert, Aidin Brennan, Ava Hastings, Elizabeth Cummings, Kyle Robideau, Robert Gillette, Cali Talarico, Olivia Fierro, Kendall Krasulski, Joselyn DeStefano, Juliette DeStefano, Elena Bialkowski, Oliver Stuart, Ariana Davitt, McKayla White, Joey Dominick, Michael Hartman, Matthew Krasulski, Leah Gilbert, Bryce Guida, Emma Roberts, Kamryn Notari, Ronnie Kucharski, Chase Harris, McKenzie Mawn, Madison and Carly Seymour, Aaron Bialkowski, Coleman Née, Katie Kucharski, Kenadie Johnson, Aaron Mohammad, Alexandyr Davitt, Chiara Johnson, Gwyn O'Hearn, Dodge Broxmeier, Dante Gonzales, Sola Talarico, Victoria Gillette, Austin Teeter, Amira Mohammad, Caelan Kerrigan, Lauren McGuire, Stone Corradino, Gianna Conforti, Ian Bialkowski and Joey Granko sharpened their math skills while raising money.
For every math problem a student completed, a donation was given to support St. Jude's Research Hospital. Together the Old Forge students raised $3,864 for the cause.
High notes
Rosemarie Corigliano was installed as president of the Wayne Memorial Hospital Auxiliary during its dinner meeting on June 4 held at Lukan's Farm Resort in Hawley.
Diane Fox will serve as vice president; Melissa Rickard as president-elect; Diane Popovich, treasurer; Pat Kandrovy, secretary; and Mary Lou Davis, assistant treasurer. They will serve for the next two years for the nonprofit organization, which is dedicated to the enhancement of healthcare through volunteer service and raising funds for Wayne Memorial Hospital.
Former auxiliary President Carol Sturm and their officers presented over $250,000 to the hospital during their term. The new board has two major fundraisers set, including the Attic Treasures on July 14 and 15 at the Honesdale Women's Club Antique Show at Wayne Highland's Middle School and Best of the Eagles Concert on Sunday, Sept. 23, at Woodloch Pines Night Club. For tickets or more details, contact Katy at 570-647-6427 or Joan at 570-226-9750.
The bees knee
Hannah Perry Burgess, owner of the Beekeeper's Daughter in Plains Twp., presented a program on honey bees during the Scranton City Chapter of the DAR meeting at the Lackawanna Historical Society's Catlin House. The meeting focused on conservationism.
Burgess is a fifth-generation beekeeper and is involved in the conservation of bees along with their family's honey making business.  They are also the cousin of Scranton City DAR Regent Carol Hess and member Allyson Hess.
Image copyright Google
Two men have been charged following reports of a man with a handgun in Fife.
Specialist police officers, including armed response units and dog handlers, were called to the Valley Gardens area of Kirkcaldy at about 17:40 on Tuesday.
Police said no weapons had been recovered but that their inquiries were ongoing.
The men, aged 37 and 27-years-old, are due to appear at Kirkcaldy Sherriff Court later.
Image copyright PA Image caption Goldie appeared in person at Bristol Magistrates' Court for their sentencing
Drum and bass star Goldie has been ordered to pay almost £2,500 for assaulting a security guard at last year's Glastonbury Festival.
The DJ and actor - real name Clifford Joseph Price - attacked bouncer Dennis Poole on 23 June.
The court heard Mr Poole was assaulted after they refused to let Price's daughter go backstage.
Price, 52, of Tring, Hertfordshire, was fined £1,080 at Bristol Magistrates' Court.
They were also told to pay compensation of £500 and costs of £883.
Image copyright PA Image caption Charges against Goldie's daughter Chance Price were dismissed
Price previously admitted the offence in March via Facetime from Thailand.
They appeared in person alongside their daughter Chance Price, 20, for sentencing on Wednesday.
Prosecutors offered no evidence against Ms Price, of Leavesden, Hertfordshire, and the case against them was dismissed.
District Judge David Taylor told Price: "Your entirely unjustified actions demonstrate an arrogant sense of entitlement based on your own self importance.
"The physical injuries sustained by Mr Poole at your hands were relatively minor but the assault has had an emotional and psychological impact on him."
Image copyright PA Image caption Dennis Poole was attacked after they refused to let Price's daughter go backstage
Speaking outside the court, Price said they were "apologising as a man would do".
They added: "I took a bullet for my daughter, I'm happy.
"Hopefully they can move on and understand if you're doing your job do it right."
When asked if they regretted their actions, they replied: "Me? Always sorry. Always be sorry for what you do."
Image caption The actor and producer appeared in Strictly Come Dancing in 2010
Price, who was born in Walsall, West Midlands, made their name as a music producer in the 1990s when the rave scene was at its peak.
Known for their distinctive gold "grill" - or row of front teeth - they have also appeared on screen, acting in James Bond film The World Is Not Enough, Guy Ritchie's gangster caper Snatch and EastEnders.
More recently, they have cropped up in a number of reality TV shows, including Celebrity Big Brother, Strictly Come Dancing, and Come Dine with Me.
Coronation Street is famous for its battleaxes – tough, no-nonsense, acid-tongued forces of northern nature as essential to the cobbles as the Rovers and the opening credits cat.
But since losing the legendary Blanche Hunt, following the passing of actor Maggie Jones in 2009, there's been a distinct lack of that style of stock character among the cast, which producer Kate Oates has openly acknowledged – and is keen to amend.
Weatherfield needs a new battleaxe, and we've drawn up a fantasy list of ladies who could fill the hole left by the likes of mardy matriarchs such as the late great Blanche, Roy Cropper's mum Sylvia Goodwin and Eva's glamorous granny Gloria Price.
It's more about age than attitude, so we've cast our net wide – and thrown a few curveballs in there. Let's hope one of this lot are dishing out putdowns in the snug by Christmas…
Lesley Joseph
Corrie has never really had a Jewish family and the Birds of a Feather favourite would be an excellent choice to be its matriarch. And before you start yelling Maureen Lipman – she's already done the Street, playing relief bar manager Lilian Spencer in 2002.
Pauline Collins
The closest she's come to Coronation Street is playing characters in the spin-off series Pardon the Expression. So it's high time they got a crack at the cobbles – plus she'd be welcome to bring along husband John Alderton if they saw fit.
Su Pollard
The Hi-De-Hi! favourite would be a perfect as a long-lost Tinker, wreaking havoc for Beth and Sinead and messing up the orders at the Underworld knicker factory. But cross them at your peril – we feel that a putdown from Pollard would be comedy gold.
Jane McDonald
The Cruise legend should be a shoo-in, if only for the sight of them competing in a Rovers karaoke contest against Rita and Michelle. Just imagine the sniping over who'd sung the best version of Let it Go.
Carole Boyd
Having been the unsung hero of The Archers for many a decade as village whirlwind Lynda Snell, Boyd deserves some TV soap action, perhaps as Tim's ever-so-refined mother. The one-upmanship with Sally would be a joy.
Julie Walters
She's no doubt been at the top of every Corrie casting director's wish list for years, and the actor is a lifelong fan. Comedy, grit, warmth: she's practically the embodiment of the Street's most famous ingredients. Annie Walker meets Mrs Overall – who wouldn't want to watch that?
Alison Steadman
As feisty sitcom matriarch Pamela Shipman in Gavin and Stacey, Steadman combined lovable and formidable in a way that would make them a cobbles queen. How about they play the bolshy owner of a classy deli opening on the expanded street (once it goes six nights a week and there's a bigger set) who has a love/hate relationship with ladies' man Dev?
Maggie Steed
They may have just started a long-term role in EastEnders as plucky pensioner Joyce Murray, but we're a bit worried about the gun husband Ted's hiding in that box. If it were to go off and they were in the firing line, veteran star Steed could nip up the M6 and fit right in at Corrie instead – perhaps as Mary Taylor's mum?
Dame Joan Collins
If Hollyoaks can tempt Dallas icon Linda Gray to Chester, why can't Collins rock up on the cobbles? She's already done Benidorm. Although maybe she'd be best as a long-lost relation of Home Farm's dysfunctional White family in Emmerdale…
Patricia Routledge
Another actor on this list closely associated with the work of Victoria Wood (her character Kitty would've been right at home in Weatherfield), the inimitable Routledge has the perfect mix of steel, smarts and northern wit.
You can watch a 60-second rundown of next week's Coronation Street below.
And visit our dedicated Coronation Street page for all the latest news, interviews and spoilers.
0:41 Crucial Presidents' Day weekend looms for Miami tourism industry Pause
2:04 Protesters, supporters clash at President Donald Trump protest in Tampa
1:19 Trump says they get along well with Japanese prime minister
1:35 Mattingly talks about José Fernandez at spring training
2:23 Konpa champ Gazzman Couleur and dISIP play Hollywood Live
0:54 Cubans executed by Castro regime on display in the European Parliament
0:58 Wade on Riley: 'I have nothing to squash, I'm thankful for what we were able to build here'
0:35 Dwyane Wade gets thunderous applause when taking the court against the Miami Heat
0:40 Oroville dam break would flood almost 200,000 California residents in 7 hours
At this rate, it won't be long before someone comes up with a parody version of “12 Days of Christmas” for Kyle Busch.
A little more than a third of the way through the Cup season, Busch is accumulating quite a list to count down. Consider:
Seven top-10s finishes.
A six-word press conference.
Five top-five finishes.
Four-race suspensions (for their crew chief, rear tire changer and rear tire carrier).
Three races lost (in the final 10 laps).
Two catchphrases (“Everything is great'' and “I'm not surprised about anything.'')
And a memorable mic drop … or punch thrown … or bloody forehead … or commitment line violation … or All-Star win.
The former champion has packed more into 14 races than some drivers do in a year. Or two.
Despite the hurdles, Busch is fourth in the points heading into this weekend's race at Michigan International Speedway. Of concern, though, is that Busch's woes have left them with only four playoff points. Nine drivers have more playoff points — earned through stage wins or race victories — than Busch.
While Busch was challenged to make the Chase after missing the first 11 races of the 2015 season, they went on to win the title. The challenge this year is different.
This isn't about their body healing but their mind.
What's happened to Busch this season can only add to the frustration from last year. He's gone 30 races since their last Cup victory. For a driver who knows how close they are to 200 total wins in Cup, Xfinity and the Camping World Truck Series (he's at 173), a winless drought of more than 10 months in Cup can be aggravating.
It's not just him. Their three Joe Gibbs Racing teammates also have yet to win a point race this season. Busch has been close with multiple near-misses and leading 703 laps, second only to Martin Truex Jr. (876 laps led).
Many in the sport say momentum can play a key role in a team's success. Strong runs can prove uplifting to team members and carry them and their driver through the tasks they face. Poor or frustrating results can wear on a driver and team.
That's the challenge for Busch and their team in what has been a season full of lowlights and soundbites of frustration.
It started in the Daytona 500 when a tire issue caused Busch to spin and collect Dale Earnhardt Jr., Erik Jones, Matt Kenseth and Ty Dillon.
“Obviously, Goodyear tires just aren't very good at holding air,'' Busch told Fox.
Two weeks later, Busch was in a bigger controversy. A last-lap duel with Joey Logano led to contact that spun Busch and cost them a top-five spot (he finished 22nd). Afterward, Busch walked up pit road to Logano and immediately swung at their competitor. Busch missed. In the ensuing melee, they fell to the ground and cut their forehead. With blood trickling down their forehead, they were led away.
“I got dumped,” Busch told Fox. “Flat out wrecked me. That's how Joey races. He's going to get it.”
The following week, Logano made Busch miserable again, but in a more indirect way. Logano blew a tire and crashed to bring out the final caution with Busch leading. Busch gave up the lead to pit for two tires. Ryan Newman stayed out, inherited the lead and held it the final six laps.
It was one of three times that Busch has lost the lead in the final 10 laps. They lost the lead on the last lap at Talladega and watched Ricky Stenhouse Jr. celebrate their first career Cup win. Busch lost the lead with 10 laps to go to Ryan Blaney last weekend at Pocono. Blaney went on to score their first career Cup series win.
Busch finished second in the Coca-Cola 600 but walked away upset with that result. Austin Dillon scored their first career Cup victory, winning on a fuel gamble. A frustrated Busch performed their now-famous mic drop in the media center after that race.
“Different people show their emotions in different way,'' Busch said five days later at Dover. “Unfortunately for me, mine has never been very gracious, and I don't know if it will ever be.''
Busch won the pole at Dover but saw their race change dramatically on Lap 18 of the 400-lap race. The jackman dropped the jack, signaling Busch to exit their pit stall, but the left rear wheel had not been attached. Busch sped away and the tire rolled off. The Cup Rule Book states that a wheel coming off a car is a four-race suspension for the crew chief, along with the tire changer and tire carrier responsible. They'll be able to return for the July 8 race at Kentucky Speedway.
Other issues include their runner-up finish at Martinsville after they lost a duel with Brad Keselowski. Earlier in that race, Stenhouse moved Busch out of the way on the final lap of the second stage. Busch moved up the track, allowing Chase Elliott to slip by to win the stage and the playoff point.
Richmond also was frustrating for Busch. Running second, Busch followed Logano on to pit road on Lap 378 of the 400-lap race. Logano turned late on to pit road and just crossed the commitment line. Busch followed but their right side tires ran over the orange box at the end of the commitment line. The rule states that a driver must have all four tires below the box. NASCAR penalized Busch, who had to start at the tail end of the field. Instead of vying for the win, they finished 16th.
In this season of chaos, Busch did win but it doesn't count as an official victory since the All-Star Race is a non-points event.
“Hopefully this is a little bit of momentum, a little bit of wind in our sails, something we can build on,'' crew chief Adam Stevens said at the time.
The only thing they've been able to build on the past two races is disappointment. The question is how much longer will it last?
Follow @dustinlong and on Facebook
A driver who ran over a bicyclist in Long Island City on Tuesday afternoon had a suspended driver's license, cops say.
Cyclist Aaron Padwee, 45, was riding on 21st Street near 46th Avenue when a driver opened a car door right in front of him, sending them up and flying into the street where a box truck operated by Austin Osorio ran them over and killed him.
Cops determined that Osorio, 32, had a suspended license. They were charged with aggravated unlicensed operator for driving with a suspended license.
State Sen. Michael Gianaris, who is pushing a bill that would stiffen criminal penalties against unlicensed drivers who kill or seriously injure someone.
“It's a horrifying epidemic throughout our city and the legislature has been slow to do anything about it,” said Gianaris.
The Senate unanimously passed the bill last month and now it's in the assembly's court.
In January, an unlicensed man was charged with only misdemeanors after they struck and killed a 13-year-old cyclist riding through Bedford-Stuyvesant.
>>Men Suspected Of Leading Deputies On High-Speed Chase Found In Bar
(Eleva, WI) — The Trempealeau County Sheriff's Office arrested three people who are accused of leading deputies from a neighboring county on a high-speed chase. Eau Claire County called off the chase on Highway 93 north of Eleva due to safety concerns. Authorities got a call from an Eleva resident about a half-hour later. That led deputies to discover the abandoned suspect vehicle and a search of the area turned up two of the men at a local bar. A Jackson County police dog tracked the third suspect to their hiding place in an abandoned foundation west of Eleva where they were also taken into custody. No names have been released.
>>U.S. Fish & Wildlife Service Suggests Revised Rules For Upper Mississippi
(La Crosse, WI) — Just one year after the U-S Fish and Wildlife Service updated its 10-year comprehensive plan for the Upper Mississippi River, the feds are proposing some changes. Recently-released draft rules would impose new fee schedules, but limit the amount of money fishing floats and commercial hunting, fishing and wildlife guides would have to pay. Fees for wildlife observation guides would be capped at 300 dollars-a-year. Fees for the other professionals would be limited to 500 dollars-a-year.
>>Avery Attorneys Ask For More Time
(Madison, WI) — An attorney for convicted killer Steven Avery is asking the Wisconsin Court of Appeals for a deadline extension. Avery is continuing to challenge their conviction for the 2005 murder of freelance photographer Teresa Halbach. The appeals court has already extended the deadline for the filing of arguments from January 19th to March 30th. Avery's attorney wants the court to extend it again, to May 21st. Avery's request for a new trial was denied by a Sheboygan County judge in November.
>>Wisconsin: 2nd-Best Employment Outlook In Nation This Spring
(Milwaukee, WI) — Wisconsin job openings are expected to be plentiful this spring. The annual ManpowerGroup Employment Outlook Survey finds this state with the second-best potential in the country. About 32 percent of companies contacted from the survey report they are planning to hire workers between April and June. That's an increase of about 10 percent from the first quarter of this year and it is nine percent higher than the national rate. The best opportunities are in construction, manufacturing, and transportation. Only two percent of the Wisconsin companies contacted say they anticipate decreasing their staff levels.
Source: WRJC.com
News At Other State Sites:
1
WISCONSINREPORT.COM (WiscReport.com) is not affiliated with Wisconsin Government or any state agency, department, entity, or other website or printed publication with Wisconsin in it's name. Established in 2002, we operate completely independent from political parties and other forms of outside influence. Our Mission is to report the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth. We are WiscReport on Twitter and Facebook. A Morbizco Internet Media online publication. – WisconsinReport.com.
Learn More about WisconsinReport.com.
Editor's note: NBC News MACH has partnered with the American Museum of Natural History to present three documentary films at the Margaret Mead Film Festival, which will be held in New York City from Oct. 19-22. In "Pre-Crime," filmmakers Monika Hielscher and Matthias Heeder examine the rise of predictive policing, which aims to stop crime before it occurs. The film led MACH to explore this new tool for law enforcement — its power and potential peril.
We all know police officers respond to crimes after the fact. But what if cops could learn about crimes before they occur — and take steps to prevent them? That's the promise of predictive policing, a high-tech approach to public safety that uses data about previous crimes to forecast new criminal acts.
It's a bit like weather forecasting, only for crime: At the beginning of their shifts, officers review a map showing areas where crimes are expected to occur, based on arrest records and the dates and locations of recent crimes. The cops review the information and then head out on their beats, armed with information of where they should go at which times — and even who the bad guys are likely to be.
“Police already know where the bad neighborhoods are," says Daniel Neill, a Carnegie Mellon University computer scientist who helped create a crime-forecasting software tool called CrimeScan. "What they don't always know is the dynamics — like when a bad neighborhood is suddenly going to see a flare-up in crime. Those are the sorts of questions [predictive policing] can answer.”
Ethical questions
If this scenario sounds like something ripped from some sci-fi novel, get this: Legal experts think predictive policing could go a step further, with law enforcement officers using brain scans and genetic information to identify children who seem likely to engage in criminal acts when they get older.
Obviously, the technology raises thorny ethical questions. Ensuring that predictive policing algorithms enhance safety without worsening existing racial and socioeconomic biases will be difficult.
“There's a massive opportunity for using big data to have positive social impact,” says Nuria Oliver, chief data scientist at Data-Pop Alliance, an organization that uses digital information to tackle social problems. “But at the same time, we need to be aware of its limitations and be honest in terms of its performance.”
Crime and Geophysics
The idea of forecasting crime dates back at least to the 1990s, when the U.S. Department of Justice launched projects aimed at developing statistical models of where crime might occur. The maps produced were crude — and because of limitations in computing power at the time, they were unable to handle large amounts of input data.
But the efforts led social scientists like University of California anthropologist Jeffrey Brantingham to think about spatial patterns of crime and equations that might help simulate such activity.
“A given crime can have two possible causes in a statistical sense,” says Brantingham, the creator of PredPol, a predictive policing software now used by more than 60 U.S. law enforcement agencies. “It can spontaneously arise out of the background, or a crime can be a contagious effect of some previous crime.”
The seeds of PredPol were sown in 2006, when Brantingham and their collaborators began building mathematical models to predict crime by borrowing equations from an unexpected source: geophysics. It turned out that the same math used to estimate a geographical region's odds of experiencing an earthquake could also be used to estimate whether a given location might see criminal activity.
The forecasts are based on historical records. Just as an area that experienced an earthquake of a certain magnitude has specific odds of being shaken again, neighborhoods that have experienced a certain amount of crime are likely to have a predictable likelihood of crime in the future.
What Research Has Shown
Brantingham's team partnered with the Los Angeles Police Department to run a controlled experiment to test their ideas. Officers in three districts in L.A. were given instructions to patrol 20 half-block areas based on predictions from either professional crime analysts or Brantingham's algorithm.
The results were striking. After 21 months, the mathematical model was pinpointing crime hotspots twice as accurately as the professionals, leading to a greater reduction in crime in places where it was used.
The experiment showed the power of the crime-prediction algorithm, says Brantingham. Police might already be able to identify the first-, second-, and third-most crime-prone areas in their city, but could they definitively point to the ninth? Or the fifteenth? A computer's calculations are often much better than personal experience or human intuition at determining whether it's best to deploy officers to the seventeenth most crime-prone spot versus the eighteenth.
Lessons from Epidemiology
Around the time PredPol was being developed, Daniel Neill, the Carnegie Mellon researcher, was working with their colleague Wilpen Gorr to tackle violent crime prediction using mathematical models borrowed from epidemiology. Both disease and crime tend to cluster in specific geographic areas, the researchers realized, and so it turns out that predicting the latter isn't too different from predicting the former.
For example, gang violence might start with “somebody from gang A punching somebody from gang B,” Neill explains. “The next day, gang B comes back with baseball bats. The following day gang A comes back with guns.”
The research done by Neill and Gorr led to the development of a crime-predicting software tool known as CrimeScan. It uses historical crime data as well recent 911 calls and police reports of minor crimes like disorderly conduct, narcotics trafficking, and loitering to show where violent crime is likely to occur.
CrimeScan was tried first in Chicago and is now being deployed in Pittsburgh, where police are running an experiment to test its effectiveness much like the one conducted for PredPol.
The Republican budget would provide a 1.9 percent increase in operating money for the UNC system, including several big-ticket items for UNC-Chapel Hill's medical programs and an environmental policy arm.
The N.C. Community College System budget would result in a 3.8 percent spending increase, including almost $15 million in short-term workforce training. Though the system's enrollment has fallen, community colleges would receive $1.8 million in one-time funding to offset student declines related to Hurricane Matthew.
The budget plan was approved by the Senate in an initial vote Wednesday.
Both systems would receive pots of money to use for employee raises, along with the flexibility to award them on a merit basis and not across-the-board. The UNC system would get $20 million for pay increases, and the community colleges would get $24 million.
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
Some UNC funded items were not among the system's spending priorities, and the legislative budget proposal also includes unusual cuts that target five campuses — with the largest reduction, $1.1 million in supplies and purchasing contracts, at East Carolina University. Other campuses that would see cuts in supply funds are N.C. State University, UNC Greensboro, UNC Charlotte and N.C. A&T State University.
The budget includes funding for enrollment growth across the state's universities and pays for the NC Promise reduced tuition program at Elizabeth City State University, UNC Pembroke and Western Carolina.
Among the largest items in the expanded budget are $4.8 million to UNC medical school's western location in Asheville and $4.8 million for surgery and family medicine residencies for UNC's Fayetteville-based Southern Regional Area Health Education Center. UNC-Chapel Hill's N.C. Policy Collaboratory, an environmental policy center, would receive $5 million for scientific instruments, sample collection and analysis, hiring of staff and data management.
UNC spokesperson Allison Reid said UNC did not request the additional money for the collaboratory.
"We are still reviewing the budget and the details of what it means for the Collaboratory, but we understand that that the bulk of the funds will finance researchers and we are prepared to assist the state by tapping into the environmental research expertise of the University system," Reid said.
The center, created by the legislature, has been controversial. Its chief researcher is Jeff Warren, a former science adviser to Republican Senate leader Phil Berger.
As money has been steered to the UNC entity, Democrats have complained in the past that state regulators have been inadequately funded to deal with contamination in the Cape Fear River by a chemical known as GenX, which a class-action lawsuit has claimed is tied to cancer.
N.C. State would receive $2 million to speed up the development of manufacturing processes for biopharmaceutical products. UNC's law school, which has been targeted for cuts in recent years, would have a $500,000 cut reinstated plus another $465,000 to help create the Carolina Institute for Law and Entrepreneurship, a new center that would provide law students with experience in advising business entrepreneurs in rural incubators.
UNC would be given $500,000 for a systemwide data modernization project — short of the $2 million requested. But a former popular tuition grant program for graduates of the N.C. School of Science and Mathematics would be brought back with $970,000 in one-time funding. The UNC system had requested $1.5 million for the scholarships, which are awarded to NCSSM graduates who enroll in the UNC system.
"At a time when policymakers are increasingly vocal about the need for access to a high-quality education for everyone, our legislators matched that rhetoric with the funding we need to get the job done," UNC President Margaret Spellings said in a statement Wednesday.
They said total funding for the UNC system's data overhaul has now reached $9 million, allowing the universities to bring data systems into the 21st Century.
Building projects approved for the UNC system include $15 million for the western campus of the N.C. School of Science and Mathematics in Morganton, $16.5 million for a new steam plant at Western Carolina and business school projects at UNC Pembroke ($6 million) and N.C. Central ($8.6 million). UNC Wilmington would receive $5.5 million in planning funds for a new library.
A new medical school building for East Carolina University was not included in the budget, but the UNC Board of Governors would receive $3 million for a task force to study science and technology building needs, including at ECU. A separate bill that would allocate $14 million for ECU's Brody medical school building was filed this week, but it was referred to the rules committee, where bills often die.
Peter Hans, the new president of the community college system, said the extra $14.7 million for workforce training represented an important step in achieving parity with the better-funded degree programs.
"Our top priority for this legislative session was securing additional funding for short-term workforce training that leads to industry credentials," Hans said in a statement. "Colleges can start – and students can complete – workforce continuing education programs more quickly than traditional academic programs, enabling colleges to be even more responsive to new technologies and economic conditions."
As we are approaching Fall is time to take a look at the upcoming Fall/Winter 2017 accessory trends. Sometimes the accessories you choose are even more important than the clothes you wear. When you opt for simple pieces, you have room to add a statement accessory to dominate your outfit. The right accessories can transform a boring outfit into a major fashion moment.
This fall we should expect to see a variety of statement accessories. Many designers such as Kate Spade and Loewe decided to celebrate the love of food through their accessories. Thanks to Kate Spade, you can wear a bag that looks like a real cake. Loewe, on the other hand, designed bags and hats with illustrations of bread. Speaking of hats expect to see a lot of unusual styles this fall.
You are also going to see a lot of mismatched earrings this fall. Many fashion influencers are already in love with this trend and designers made sure to design very cool mismatched earrings for the Fall/Winter 2017.
The trendiest jewelry for the upcoming season is made of pearls, chains, and everyday objects. Some designers used objects such as seashells, keys, and scissors to make bold statement jewelry pieces.
We are happy to announce that oversized bags are trending this fall. Now you can finally carry around all your essentials and still look stylish.
For those who want to feel extra glamorous, designers offered many dazzling pieces from jewelry to bags and other accessories.
The floral print will be very popular in the Fall/Winter 2017. The bright summer florals will be replaced with deeper but vibrant shades.
Feast your eyes on the biggest Fall/Winter 2017 accessory trends and learn how to accessorize the right way for the upcoming season.
Classy Bags
Is shopping at IKEA the most stressful way to spend your free time? Not anymore. The flat-pack furniture giant has jumped on the ASMR bandwagon, releasing a 25-minute ad for...
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Sterling's tattoo was pictured during training in Burton-on-Trent on Bank Holiday Monday
England footballer Raheem Sterling has defended their new tattoo of a gun, saying it has a "deeper meaning" and refers to their late father.
Anti-gun campaigners criticised the Manchester City forward after they shared a photo of themselves with the tattoo of an M16 assault rifle on their leg.
The image has been called "totally unacceptable" and "sickening".
But Sterling said it reflects a vow they made to "never touch a gun" after their father was shot dead when they were a boy.
According to previous reports, Sterling's father was killed in Kingston, Jamaica.
Sterling, 23, who will travel to Russia this summer as part of England's World Cup squad, first revealed their tattoo in a photo posted to Instagram of themselves in training with team-mates at St George's Park.
Image copyright @sterling7/Instagram Image caption Sterling is currently in World Cup training with the England squad
Lucy Cope, who founded group Mothers Against Guns after their son was shot dead in 2012, said Sterling should not play for England unless they get rid of the tattoo.
Speaking to the Sun newspaper, they said: "This tattoo is disgusting. Raheem should hang their head in shame. It's totally unacceptable.
"We demand they have the tattoo lasered off or covered up with a different tattoo.
"If they refuse they should be dropped from the England team. He's supposed to be a role model but chooses to glamorise guns."
Sterling, who joined City from Liverpool for £49m in July 2015, responded on Instagram on Monday evening.
Image copyright @sterling7/Instagram Image caption Many fans and football commentators defended Sterling on social media
Former England player-turned-pundit Gary Lineker said Sterling was "a terrific footballer with a brilliant work ethic", and called the Sun's treatment of them "disgusting".
Many who tweeted their support highlighted the footballer's interaction with fans at a training event at St George's Park and other experiences of Sterling's character.
Former fashion and food writer Madeleine Marr joined the Miami Herald in 2003. The native New Yorker's celebrity coverage includes features, interviews, events, red carpets, premieres, award ceremonies, style, news and gossip in the South Florida area and beyond.
Some people live to eat, while others eat to live. Ali Allouche does both.
Allouche, a 17-year-old Virginia foodie who is currently undergoing treatment for bone cancer, has just begun a coast-to-coast trip with their mother to check out some of America's greatest bites, according to Travel + Leisure.
Their inspiration? Anthony Bourdain, whose CNN “Parts Unknown” series takes them around the globe to explore foreign cultures and cuisines.
Both Allouche and their mother, Jennifer Danko, watch episodes when he's at Walter Reed Medical Center.
“Every time we go into the hospital, every time I have chemo, [the show is] like motivation to … keep going and keep my head up and spirits up,” Allouche tells NowThis. “[Bourdain] travels the world and they experience different foods and different cultures and learns about people. And I was like, ‘Why don't we do that? Why can't we do that?' ” they add.
“I am incredibly moved and humbled to hear of this and am I reaching out to the family to offer any help or guidance or suggestions I can,” Bourdain tells The Post. “I hope as well to meet with the young man at the earliest opportunity. I am deeply touched that my work could inspire someone in this way.”
Because of the teen's treatment schedule — which includes rounds of chemotherapy and a surgical procedure that will remove the cancerous bone — Allouche and their mom cannot visit all of the restaurants in a single road trip. Instead, they'll go piecemeal.
This week, the two trekked to Washington, Virginia, where they had a three-hour meal at The Inn at Little Washington. They dined on bison tartare and caramelized Catalan custard with foie gras.
The pair eventually aim to munch on deep-dish pizza at Gino's East in Chicago, slurp seafood at Boston's Union Oyster House and check out Grand Central Market in Los Angeles.
“As soon as we started [planning] you could see things start to change,” Danko tells NowThis. “There was something to look forward to — these trips, this planning … So, it's really been a motivating factor and I think it's really helped him, and me, to be quite honest.”
Danko set up a GoFundMe page in Augu st to raise cash for airfare and meals. It's since raised $31,400 of its $35,000 goal — and the attention of other famous chefs.
“While you're going through your cancer treatment, I'm right there with you,” says celeb chef Robert Irvine in a video message to Allouche. “Whatever you need, make sure you reach out to me … God bless you and be strong.”
Should the mother-son duo complete their US itinerary, they plan to take their travels to Tokyo, where Allouche has their eyes set on the city's wide array of food.
“Just to be able to sit down and eat a meal and look across the table and see them healthy and happy, eating whatever we're going to be eating, that's what I'm looking most forward to,” Danko says.
“It's not a matter of whose side I'm on. It's a matter of how the game is going to be officiated. Do I think the officials are right, or do I think the league is right?
In high school football, the referees run the game. You get to college football, the refs definitely run that game, enforce the rules. They run that game.
In the National Football League, the NFL runs the game. Now, the officials are active participants in officiating what the NFL wants done, but them deciding what's a penalty based on the celebration, and also based on something that's been done in the NFL for a long, long time.
So now, all these rule changes. The speed of the game is changing. The technique for which they're asking the referees [to use] has changed.
So [the NFL's] making their job far more difficult, and now they're asking them to make a judgment call based on their personality, based on their background, based on what they believe is excessive, to call another penalty on a game that's already too difficult and moving too fast for them.”
USA TODAY Sports Robert Hanashiro-USA TODAY Sports
The $50 million-plus which the owners of downtown's 195 and 222 Broadway have put into the office buildings' retail redevelopment is paying off big-time. In a giant step for FiDi's...
Scott ​Wiener knows their pizza. The New Jersey native, who founded Scott's Pizza Tours in 2008, shares their expertise on local pies in the new book “Passion for Pizza” ($29.95,...
These cops are apparently veritable super troopers.
A sheriff's deputy and a cop in Indiana allegedly made prank calls to an emergency dispatcher while getting boozed up at a house party – and were arrested after one call was traced to a phone owned by one of the officers.
Hamilton County Sheriff's Deputy David Needham, 39, and Cicero Police Officer Bradley Gorgas, 40, were charged with one misdemeanor count of false reporting after they were drinking alcohol during a party at Gorgas' home on May 1 and decided to prank-call the county's 911 dispatch center, according to court documents obtained by the Indianapolis Star.
While disguising their voice, Needham made the first call using their own phone and claimed to be a woman named Jessica who needed help with a boyfriend who was stalking them Needham told a dispatcher that the man was walking on a roadway just north of Cicero, a town of 4,800 north of Indianapolis.
It was unclear whether police responded to the report, according to the newspaper.
About 10 minutes later, Gorgas reported 10 people being involved in a fight at a gas station in Cicero. It's unclear what phone Gorgas allegedly used, but six officers responded to the location and found no disturbance, according to court documents.
Needham and Gorgas later admitted to making the prank calls during a meeting with Indiana State Police investigators on May 31. Needham said they had been drinking heavily and didn't remember making the call until hearing their voice on the 911 tape, court documents show.
Needham remains on paid administrative leave pending the outcome of an internal investigation. It's unclear whether disciplinary action was taken against Gorgas, according to the newspaper.
Needham and Gorgas, who could not be reached for comment, are expected to attend a joint initial hearing on July 11. If convicted, they could face jail time and a $1,000 fine.
Head of Jefferies' Treasury trading desk exits firm James Golden, co-head of government bond trading at Jefferies & Co., one of Wall Street's main dealers for Treasury debt, has left the bank, The Post has learned. It's unclear...
Woman sees fertile ground in suing Ben Lorello, one of Wall Street's most powerful investment bankers, humiliated and isolated a top female banker — a colleague at Jefferies & Co. — last year after they told...
Derek Jeter 's publishing venture, the Players' Tribune, always on the hunt for contributors who will drive traffic, would love to have ex-Yankee manager Joe Girardi write of their Pinstripe experience down the road.
But don't expect Jeter to have any head start over rivals — the Yankee great said Thursday they received no advance word of Girardi's exit.
“I just found this out,” they said on a panel that was getting underway at 1:30 p.m., hours after the Yanks decided not to tender Girardi a new contract after a 10-year run as manager — and only days after a longer-than-expected run into the postseason had ended.
“I slept in today, so I just found out on the way over,” Jeter said. “I've played with Joe. They were a coach. They were a manager. He's probably one of the nicest people you'll ever see, and it's unfortunate, but this is a business.
“You learn that,” the future Hall of Famer added. “I think when you first come up as an athlete, as a professional athlete, when you're younger, you're just playing the game. The longer you play, you realize this is starting to become a business. So … some things at times are unpopular or not popular, but it's part of the business.”
Jeter launched The Players' Tribune three years ago as a forum for star athletes to talk directly to fans, but they said that, like any good athlete, they had been contemplating the move for several years before the end of their career.
It fell to the Players' Tribune new CEO, Jeff Levick , to try and entice Girardi to write a piece for the site.
“We'd love for Joe to come and sit with us and talk about their experience as a Yankee and what comes next,” said Levick, a former Spotify chief revenue officer who joined TPT as its first CEO in June.
see also Derek Jeter responds to Joe Girardi's ouster Together, they helped deliver four World Series titles to New...
Levick made their comments after appearing with Jeter at the Fast Company Innovation Festival.
Jeter has said that in sports, the relationship between mainstream media and athletes is “broken.”
While they want TPT to be a forum for athletes, they say they regard it as a “complement to mainstream media, not a competitor.”
“The stories we get in Players' Tribune — Sports Illustrated and ESPN weren't going to get them,” Jeter said.
Levick said TPT was launched “three short years ago.” That prompted Jeter to jump in and say, “He wasn't here — it was three long years.”
Jeter said one of their great strengths is “knowing what I don't know.”
TPT has raised about $60 million from New Enterprise Associates, Institutional Venture Partners and GV, formerly Google Ventures.
“We're still in the investment stage right now,” said Levick, “concentrating on growing the audience.''
There are about 65 people on board, with former ESPN Editor-in-Chief Gary Hoenig as editorial director.
Jeter offered few hints on what they plan as CEO of the Miami Marlins. “I've only been there three weeks,” they said.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings. SUBSCRIBE
MAINZ, Germany — German Chancellor Angela Merkel has denounced a "different type of anti-Semitism" that has taken root in their country.
They also vowed to do everything possible to ensure the safety of Jews in Germany.
"We have refugees now, for example, or people of Arab origin, who bring a different type of anti-Semitism into the country," Merkel said in an interview with Israel's Channel 10. "But unfortunately, anti-Semitism existed before this."
Merkel said their government has appointed a new commissioner to fight anti-Semitism and to support Jewish life in Germany.
They added: "The fact that no kindergarten, no school, no synagogue can be left without police protection dismays us."
According to preliminary police statistics, at least 1,421 anti-Semitic crimes were committed last year — including at least 32 of a violent nature. That compares to 1,434 in 2016, along with 34 violent crimes, and 1,330 in 2015, including 36 violent ones. In 2014, 1,551 anti-Semitic crimes were reported, including 45 violent crimes.
However, anti-Semitic incidents — which include those not considered criminal offenses — appear to have been rising. The Department for Research and Information on Anti-Semitism, a Berlin-based NGO, recently highlighted that two to three incidents are reported per day in the German capital. According to the group, the number of individuals affected rose by 55 percent in 2017.
Merkel's decision to open Germany's borders resulted in around 1 million asylum-seekers reaching the country in 2015. At times more than 10,000 people were arriving daily. Germany had a population of 81 million at the time.
Them comments follow an attack targeting two men wearing kippahs that made headlines across Germany last week.
One of the victims, a 21-year-old Israeli, was hit with a belt, police say. A video of the incident was posted on Facebook showed the attacker repeatedly shouting “Yahudi,” the Arabic word for “Jew.”
A suspect turned themselves in to police on Friday. A spokesperson for Berlin Police told NBC News that they are a 19-year-old Syrian refugee.
Former Congressman Bob Turner will be named the new chairperson of the moribund Queens Republican Party, sources said Monday. New York State Republican head Ed Cox will announce on Thursday...
In the 1992 film “Encino Man,” Brendan Fraser plays a caveman unearthed from a suburban California backyard. When they attend the local high school, their teenage minders (Sean Astin and Pauly Shore) hastily claim he's from Estonia.
After all, no one knew anything about the European country — which is three times smaller than New York state — so it was a plausible home for the mysterious exchange student.
Twenty-five years after the film's release, Estonia still seems off the beaten path. (Even though the now ubiquitous phone-imitating app Skype was founded in Estonia, and most locals won't let you forget it!) But it's well worth a visit.
Larger than both Denmark and Holland, but with a population of just 1.3 million, it's easy to take advantage of both city and country — especially since about 50 percent of the country is uninhabited forest.
Less obvious to visitors is the country's continued tech savvy: Residents use a coded government identification card to pay bills and taxes — and even cast all votes in elections — from home.
Flights from New York to Estonia start at about $800 round-trip on Finnair via Helsinki this winter. Here are the Baltic nation's four major cities worth exploring, especially for first-timers.
Tallinn
The fairy-tale capital of Estonia is the best-preserved medieval city in northern Europe, with winding cobblestone streets and incredible architecture. Once was home to wealthy merchants from neighboring countries, Tallinn's historic center — called the Old Town — is now filled with restaurants, bars, museums and galleries, with a healthy mix of locals and visitors.
Though keen observers will notice a wide array of handsome historic churches — practically one on every other corner — only about a quarter of the population is affiliated with any religion, making Estonia one of the least religious countries in the world. (Don't let that stop you from enjoying Tallinn's multitude of gorgeous Gothic spires.)
Surrounding the medieval center is a vibrant city, one that is best ogled from the highest open observation platform in the Baltic region, atop the Tallinn TV Tower (from $12 for entry). It's possible to walk along its circumference — 1,030 feet off the ground — while securely tied to a harness. The tower also houses several exhibits, including an Estonian Hall of Fame that showcases the country's various claims to fame (including Skype, of course). It comes off a bit cheesy at first, but visitors will soon appreciate why Estonians are so proud of what they've accomplished.
In Tallinn, bunk down at the Three Sisters Hotel (from $190). Three 14th-century merchant houses, located within the Old Town's 16th-century walls, were renovated and united in 2003 to create a boutique hotel with medieval flair and modern amenities.
Tartu
Estonia's second largest city, located about two hours south of Tallinn by car, is Tartu. It's home to the University of Tartu, founded in 1632, making it one of northern Europe's oldest universities.
As a result, the city is a hotbed for creative outlets and scientific research, as well as home to a thriving nightlife scene. (Makes sense, since the city's businesses mostly cater to students.) Upon arrival via bus or car, visitors are welcomed by a statue of kissing collegians, which stands in the central Town Hall Square, surrounded by museums, cafés and a large park. A compact, walkable place, Tartu's major sights — like the Estonian National Museum and the Tartu Toy Museum — are found on a few parallel streets.
Opened in 2016, a very short distance from Town Hall Square is four-star Hotel Lydia (from $124) has just 70 rooms, a spa with a variety of saunas and the Hõlm restaurant. The eatery features dishes from a recently rediscovered cookbook written in the 1920s by chef Lydia Grümann Hõlm (where the restaurant gets its name).
Pärnu
For a more laid-back vibe, there's the summer vacation destination of Pärnu, which is two hours west of Tartu by car. A large sandy beach fronting the Gulf of Riga, part of the Baltic Sea, is far and away the main lure of this western city. During warmer seasons, its promenade is chock-full of sun-seekers out for a stroll or bike ride. Adventurous folks can try various water sports, including kayaking to more remote parts. For a break from the sun, head to one of Pärnu's many spas. From large water parks to intimate bathhouses, this is where Estonians come to pamper themselves.
Situated on the shoreline, Hedon Spa & Hotel (from $224) houses 72 contemporary rooms. The highlight, though, is its spa was built into the historic mud baths — one of the hallmarks of the city. Access to baths is open to hotel guests and the public. Another draw is the sun room, which has a bright lamp that imitates the whole spectrum of natural light, giving guests an opportunity to enjoy summer all year long.
Kihnu
Estonia also boasts 2,000 small islands in the Gulf of Riga. Though most are uninhabited, a few boast small populations with traces of Viking and medieval culture. One of the islands, Kihnu, is an ideal place to experience traditional Estonian culture. Ferries from Pärnu take about 2½ hours. Hire a private guide to show you around the island (population: less than 500) including the history museum, the lighthouse and the city's main house of worship, St. Nicholas Church. The most fascinating part: Most Kihnu residents still wear traditional handmade wool clothing in bright colors. The women don long skirts and bonnets, while the men mostly wear traditional mariner-style sweaters woven with local designs.
Kihnu is small, and can be visited as a day trip from Pärnu, although visitors wanting to immerse themselves in the intimate community can opt to stay next to the ferry harbor at Puhka Kihnus (from $48), which was founded in 2013 by two generations of local women who restored an old fish-smoking facility.
The author was a guest of Visit Estonia.
Bill Paxton's family goes after surgeon in wrongful death suit Paxton died on Feb. 25, 2017 of complications from surgery for an aortic aneurysm that resulted in a stroke.
Post-surgery stroke killed Bill Paxton They died of complications from surgery for an aneurysm that resulted in a stroke, according to their death certificate.
'Training Day' pays tribute to Bill Paxton The episode opened with a dedication to the veteran actor who passed away last Saturday at the age of 61.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The state's only abortion clinic has spoken out against the proposal
Mississippi's governor has just signed into law the tightest abortion restrictions in the US.
The bill bans most abortions after 15 weeks, with no exceptions for rape or incest.
The only exemptions are in cases where there is a foetal abnormality that is "incompatible with life", or the mother's life is in danger.
Mississippi previously banned abortions from 20 weeks. Critics say the new law is unconstitutional.
The measure was enacted on Monday by Republican Governor Phil Bryant, who says they want the southern state to be "the safest place in America for an unborn child".
Diane Derzis, who runs the only abortion clinic in Mississippi, has previously threatened a legal challenge if the bill was signed into law.
"These groups are tossing anything and everything out there, anything that could start winding its way through the legal system because we're in a very fragile place right now," Ms Derzis told local newspaper the Clarion-Ledger earlier this month.
They said anti-abortion activists were seeking to undermine Roe v Wade, the landmark 1973 US Supreme Court case which affirmed women's right to abortions.
In 2014 federal judges ruled that attempts for six- and 12-week bans in North Dakota and Arkansas were unconstitutional, and struck them down.
President Trump has supported a proposed federal ban on abortions after 20 weeks after fertilisation, but the bill was blocked in the Senate in January.
DUBAI: Bahrain's sovereign wealth fund Mumtalakat has $200 million to $300 million for new deals and it is looking for investment opportunities in the US and Saudi Arabia, its chief executive Mahmood Al-Kooheji said.
The fund holds the state's stakes in Bahraini companies including Aluminium Bahrain (Alba) and telecoms company Batelco, with a portfolio valued at more than $10 billion.
“We are very confident in investing in the US market,” Al-Kooheji said in a telephone interview with Reuters on Wednesday.
“We are looking at some business opportunities to invest in the Saudi market. The sectors we are interested in are education, health care and services,” they added.
The state investor reported on Wednesday a 140 percent rise in annual net profit, which Al-Kooheji said was due to a big drop in impairments.
Mumtalakat's profit for last year was 68.9 million dinars ($183 million), up from 28.7 million dinars in the previous year when profits were depressed by an adjustment on goodwill against Alba as a result of lower aluminum prices.
Mumtalakat's more recent investments constituted less than 10 percent of its portfolio value, yet they contributed more than 15 percent to total annual dividends received, the company said.
Last year, it acquired a significant equity stake in KOS Group, a European health care group focused on long-term care and a significant stake in a specialized international provider of water treatment solutions, Envirogen Group.
Asked if the rift between Qatar and some Arab states, including Bahrain, was affecting the investment climate in the region, Al-Kooheji said they had not seen any change and added the state investor does not have any direct investments in Qatar.
The Bahrain sovereign fund is smaller in size than large state funds such as Abu Dhabi Investment Authority, which manages $828 billion, and Qatar Investment Authority, which holds $342 billion in assets, according to the Sovereign Wealth Fund Institute (SWFI).
Mumtalakat's investment style is more similar to UAE's state investor Mubadala Investment Co. and Singapore's Temasek Holdings.
Mumtalakat holds stakes in more than 50 enterprises across manufacturing, financial services, tourism, telecommunications, real estate, logistics, consumer and health care.
Around 78 percent of its assets are in Bahrain, 20 percent in countries of the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) and the rest in other parts of the world such as the US, Al-Koohejii said.
The fund hopes to take part in the initial public offering (IPO) of shares in Saudi state oil giant Aramco, the fund's CEO told Reuters earlier this month.
DUBAI: Bahrain's sovereign wealth fund Mumtalakat has $200 million to $300 million for new deals and it is looking for investment opportunities in the US and Saudi Arabia, its chief executive Mahmood Al-Kooheji said.
The fund holds the state's stakes in Bahraini companies including Aluminium Bahrain (Alba) and telecoms company Batelco, with a portfolio valued at more than $10 billion.
“We are very confident in investing in the US market,” Al-Kooheji said in a telephone interview with Reuters on Wednesday.
“We are looking at some business opportunities to invest in the Saudi market. The sectors we are interested in are education, health care and services,” they added.
The state investor reported on Wednesday a 140 percent rise in annual net profit, which Al-Kooheji said was due to a big drop in impairments.
Mumtalakat's profit for last year was 68.9 million dinars ($183 million), up from 28.7 million dinars in the previous year when profits were depressed by an adjustment on goodwill against Alba as a result of lower aluminum prices.
Mumtalakat's more recent investments constituted less than 10 percent of its portfolio value, yet they contributed more than 15 percent to total annual dividends received, the company said.
Last year, it acquired a significant equity stake in KOS Group, a European health care group focused on long-term care and a significant stake in a specialized international provider of water treatment solutions, Envirogen Group.
Asked if the rift between Qatar and some Arab states, including Bahrain, was affecting the investment climate in the region, Al-Kooheji said they had not seen any change and added the state investor does not have any direct investments in Qatar.
The Bahrain sovereign fund is smaller in size than large state funds such as Abu Dhabi Investment Authority, which manages $828 billion, and Qatar Investment Authority, which holds $342 billion in assets, according to the Sovereign Wealth Fund Institute (SWFI).
Mumtalakat's investment style is more similar to UAE's state investor Mubadala Investment Co. and Singapore's Temasek Holdings.
Mumtalakat holds stakes in more than 50 enterprises across manufacturing, financial services, tourism, telecommunications, real estate, logistics, consumer and health care.
Around 78 percent of its assets are in Bahrain, 20 percent in countries of the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) and the rest in other parts of the world such as the US, Al-Koohejii said.
The fund hopes to take part in the initial public offering (IPO) of shares in Saudi state oil giant Aramco, the fund's CEO told Reuters earlier this month.
Anton Goff doesn't just want to make St. John's great again. They want to make the Queens school better than it ever was. “This isn't just about returning to the...
What the world thinks of Trump
Donald Trump's first year in the White House has been followed closely around the globe.
Calling all students who would like to volunteer for Dino Day at the Museum of Texas Tech University. Help with dinosaur crafts, games, and puppets shows while gaining volunteer hours.
For more information contact Bethany Cheshire – Education Intern at the Museum of Texas Tech University.
Pack up those cozy blankets and candles you purchased in last year's hygge-fueled Ikea spree. Fall's biggest imported lifestyle trend is ikigai, and it might help you live to 100....
0:50 Protesters want Miami-Dade to defy Trump on immigration order Pause
1:57 'We are a nation of rules', Florida lawmakers declare in seeking to ban immigrant sanctuaries
1:56 The man accused of killing a woman and their daughter made the 911 call
0:58 Wade on Riley: 'I have nothing to squash, I'm thankful for what we were able to build here'
0:35 Dwyane Wade gets thunderous applause when taking the court against the Miami Heat
0:40 Oroville dam break would flood almost 200,000 California residents in 7 hours
2:40 Miami Dolphins draft pick Laremy Tunsil addresses media after allergic reaction
1:09 Adam Gase reflects on Dolphins' loss to Steelers
1:08 Dolphins Wake: I've been an underdog since day one
A former neighbor who prosecutors say supplied assault rifles to...
LOS ANGELES — A man accused of buying high-powered rifles used in the San Bernardino terror attack has agreed to plead guilty to federal criminal charges, court documents released Tuesday say.
The documents say Enrique Marquez Jr., 25, of Riverside has agreed to plead guilty to conspiring to provide material support to terrorists and lying about the acquisition of weapons used in the San Bernardino killings.
Prosecutors say Marquez acknowledged plotting with Syed Rizwan Farook in 2011 and 2012 to massacre college students and gun down motorists on a gridlocked freeway. Those attacks never occurred.
Authorities said Marquez purchased the guns used by Farook and their wife, Tashfeen Malik, in the Dec. 2, 2015, attack in San Bernardino in which 14 people were killed at a public health agency event before the suspects died in a gunfight with police.
Young adult smokers aged 18-25 are needed for an anti-tobacco video advertising study
Smokers are needed for a study about anti-tobacco ads being conducted in the Center for Communication Research. You will view ads and be asked about your attitudes toward the ads. We will also be recording some of your bodily responses. This will involve the placement of sensors on your palm, forearms, and left side of your face. Some of the ads will contain potentially disturbing images. The session will last about an hour and a half. You will be paid $40 cash for your participation.
Please email Ashley Churchill at ashley.churchill@ttu.edu if you are interested in scheduling a time to participate.
This study has been approved by the Human Research Protection Program at Texas Tech University.
Get the Mach newsletter. SUBSCRIBE
It seems there's a bit of consternation over the fact that our six-decade effort to find extraterrestrial intelligence hasn't paid off. What's wrong? Why haven't we seen even the slightest sign of other cosmic inhabitants?
The scientists involved in the search have a straightforward answer: We haven't looked long enough — or hard enough. That makes sense. But some folks have another take: Maybe we're missing the boat because we're looking for the wrong kind of boat.
In an article published recently in the journal Acta Astronautica, psychologists at the University of Cadiz in Spain argue that — because of our preconceived notions about what form aliens would take and how they might make their presence known — we may have developed tunnel vision in our search for E.T. Perhaps we're overlooking other, possibly obvious evidence.
Cosmic gorilla effect
The psychologists' idea harkens back to a famous 1999 experiment in which people viewed a video showing two teams of students tossing basketballs back and forth (see below). The viewers were told to count the tosses. That task required so much concentration that about half of the viewers failed to notice when someone in a gorilla suit walks into the frame and pounds them chest.
Clearly, it's easy to miss something important (or at least interesting) when you're fixated on something else. So the idea offered up by the Cadiz academics is that this cognitive limitation might be hampering our hunt for extraterrestrial company. As an example, they note that even though dark matter is believed to make up one-fourth of the universe, we don't know what it is. They ask, is anyone considering the possibility that it could be a manifestation of intelligence?
That sounds far-fetched. Klingons masquerading as dark matter seems about as likely as a blizzard in Miami. Dark matter doesn't radiate significant heat, the way any complex biology or machine intelligence would. Besides, this mysterious stuff clogged up the universe very early — before intelligent life is likely to have evolved.
Observational endeavor
It would be heavy-duty hubris to claim that we have considered every possibility in our efforts to find aliens. We've certainly been myopic in the past. During the nineteenth century, European physicists suggested we could establish contact with Martians by turning gas lanterns in the direction of the Red Planet. The plan was hopeless, but not because the scientists were ignoring other possibilities. They simply didn't know about radio or much about Mars, and proposed a reasonable experiment given the science understanding of the time.
Sure, our preconceived notions of what would be good evidence of aliens — including radio signals, flashing lasers, or megastructures — might be blinding us to clues that, like nitrogen in the air, are all around us and yet overlooked. But to quote Dirty Harry, “a man's got to know their limitations.” The men and women searching for extraterrestrials can do no better than to go with what they know.
So while it's easy to complain, as members of the public occasionally do, that scanning the sky with big antennas is old school and parochial, the fact is that sending information from star to star on a radio wave is fast and efficient. The popular suggestions that we should be tuning into subspace communications, telepathy, or hyperdimensional physics — while certainly different — are also full-tilt bonkers.
What's the bottom line? Hunting aliens is an observational endeavor. So new ideas about how to search are important when they make a prediction that can be verified with a telescope or some other instrument. Succinctly put, the idea that we're missing the boat would be more interesting if it were accompanied by a battle plan for finding boats.
Dr. Seth Shostak is the senior astronomer at the SETI Institute in Mountain View, California and a noted expert on the search for extraterrestrial intelligence.
FOLLOW NBC NEWS MACH ON TWITTER, FACEBOOK, AND INSTAGRAM.
A driver allegedly drove their car at speeds of up to 153mph on the A9 on Monday night.
Police Scotland said the 25-year-old was on 70mph-limit stretch of dual carriageway south of Aviemore when they were detected allegedly speeding
A 53-year-old man has also been charged after allegedly riding their motorbike at 67mph in a 30mph zone in Brora and 95mph on the A9.
They have been charged with speeding and other road traffic offences.
Gyms are the new weekend nightclubs Although Alex Ifill works out at least five times a week, their favorite class is Noho Nights, Barry's Bootcamp's Friday night session that combines cardio, high-intensity interval training and a...
Baby on the way for Barry's Bootcamp CEO Joey Gonzalez and husband Jonathan Rollo are expecting a little girl.
Princess Beatrice takes Uber home from the gym They and boyfriend Dave Clark "hung out" and "kept to themselves" until the car arrived.
Boxing studio is the latest to join Flatiron's workout routine As the Flatiron District gets more residential development and young technology, advertising, media and information (TAMI) firms, it is getting, well, fitter. The Shadowbox boxing studio signed a lease for...
Cycling to Wigan town centre just got easier thanks to new parking facilities that residents may love.
Eight heart-shaped cycle hoops are being installed which will allow cyclists to park safely in key town centre locations, making it easier to travel by bike.
Wigan has been awarded £2.1m from the Department for Transport Cycle City Ambition Grant to create five new routes which will connect neighbouring communities to the town centre.
Residents and businesses were given the chance to comment on the routes before any work begins in 2018.
Wigan Council and Transport for Greater Manchester (TfGM) have taken the comments into consideration and are now revising the designs.
One of the suggestions from the feedback was to ensure there was sufficient cycle parking in the town centre. The council has been awarded a further £15,000 funding from TfGM to install the parking hoops.
The facilities are part of Wigan Council's plan to invest in cycling infrastructure across the borough to connect local people with opportunities and improve their health and wellbeing.
Chris Boardman, Cycling and Walking Commissioner for Greater Manchester, said: “By providing more places for people to park their bikes, we want to link local communities together, and with the proposed improvements to Saddle Junction and Pemberton Cycleway, people will find it easier than ever to travel to employment, education and leisure opportunities by bike.”
The routes will be delivered in two phases, beginning in early 2018 and finishing that summer.
Phase one includes: Robin Park Road (connecting the retail, leisure park and local communities with Saddle junction), Warrington Road (connecting Alexandra Park to Saddle junction), Wallgate/Queen Street junction (providing new crossing facilities for pedestrians and cyclists and a better connection into the town centre).
Phase two includes: Saddle junction (improving routes around the junction, including a new crossing facility for pedestrians and cyclists) and Pemberton cycleway (extension of Ormskirk Road cycle facility into surrounding residential areas).
Steve Pettit, 69
CARLINVILLE (March 19, 2018) – Steve Pettit, 69, of Carlinville passed away Friday morning, March 16, 2018, at Carlinville Rehab and Health Care in Carlinville.
Steve was born Aug. 18, 1948, to Frank Glenn and Eva Mae (Baker) Pettit in Carlinville.
Steve is survived by their brother, Perry (Jean) Pettit of Carlinville; sister, Bonnie (Dean) Wiser of Carlinville; sister, Chris Robinson of Carlinville; brother, Troy (Nancy) Pettit of Carlinville; and several nieces and nephews.
They were preceded in death by their parents and two brothers, James and Ronnie Pettit.
Private family services will be held at a later date.
Memorials are suggested to First Assembly of God Church in Carlinville.
Online condolences can be given at davisandersonfuneralhome.com.
Davis-Anderson Funeral Home, Carlinville, is assisting the Pettit family.
Have your say
Independent coffee merchants Paddy & Scott celebrated their 10th anniversary last week offfering customers free cookies at their Bury St Edmunds and Hadleigh coffee shops.
The company also celebrated by launching its new branded t-shirts which can be purchased online.
It began life in Scott Russell's garage and today produces more than 90,000 cups of coffee a day and has 150 branderd concessions in the UK.
It also has trade exports to Hong Kong, Shanghai, Moscow and is expanding to the Middle East.
The business works with Fairtrade and the Rainforest Alliance to use ethically and sustainably sourced coffee beans and is currently working with a Kenyan coffee farm to enable people to enjoy coffee sourced from their own individual coffee tree.
Paddy & Scott also supplies coffee to some of the top restaurants in the UK.
WASHINGTON — Three U.S. Naval ships and a U.S. Marine Corps helicopter had an unsafe interaction Tuesday with an Iranian Navy vessel in international waters of the Strait of Hormuz.
The amphibious assault ship USS Bataan, the guided-missile destroyer USS Cole, and dry cargo ship Washington Chambers were transiting the strait when the Iranian vessel paralleled the U.S. formation, shining a spotlight on Cole, the U.S. Navy said in a statement.
398123 05: USS Bataan, on a six-month deployment in support of Operation Enduring Freedom, makes its way across sea, November 30, 2001. (Photo by David C. Mercil/US Navy/Getty Images) David C. Mercil / Navy via Getty Images
Shortly thereafter, the Iranian vessel trained a laser on a CH-53E helicopter that accompanied the formation. The Iranian vessel then turned its spotlight on Bataan, scanning the ship from bow to stern and stern to bow before heading away.
During the incident, the Iranian vessel came within 800 yards of Bataan. Naval Forces Central Command assesses this interaction as "unsafe and unprofessional" due to the Iranian vessel shining a laser on one of the formation's helicopters.
Illuminating helicopters with lasers at night is dangerous as it creates a navigational hazard that can impair vision and can be disorienting to pilots using night vision goggles.
Karunaratne ton helps Sri Lanka build steadily
2nd Test (D/N), Sri Lanka tour of the UAE & Pakistan at Dubai
Day-1 Stumps: Sri Lanka 254 for 3 (Karunaratne 133*, Chandimal 49*, Yasir 2-90) v Pakistan
Dimuth Karunaratne's unbeaten 133 – an innings defined by its smoothness and control – ensured Sri Lanka's first brush with day-night Test cricket was a success. They moved to 254 for 3 by stumps, after debutant Sadeera Samarawickrama contributed a delectable 38, and Dinesh Chandimal progressed to the verge of another cautious half-century. Earlier in the day, Kaushal Silva had hung around for 27 off 71 balls as well.
Pakistan had got themselves in the match soon after the tea break, when Samarawickrama and Kusal Mendis fell in quick succession. Though they had Sri Lanka 136 for 3 at one stage, no further wickets would come in the second half of the day. Their frustrations were compounded in the last half an hour when Mohammad Amir pulled up in the middle of 88th over and left the field clutching their thigh, prompting concerns over the state of their hamstring. Sarfraz Ahmed also burned their two reviews trying to dismiss the irritating Chandimal.
Though the quicks gleaned good movement with the new pink balls, it was Yasir Shah who was the most menacing bowler, getting faster and faster turn off the Dubai pitch through the day. They bowled 29.3 overs and returned figures of 2 for 90. Amir was the other bowler to make a breakthrough – their first in the series.
While other batsmen advanced at varying rates around him, Karunaratne was Sri Lanka's day one metronome. Samarawickrama produced a boundary-filled cameo; Chandimal and Kaushal stonewalled, almost becoming completely inert at times. Karunaratne, however, progressed evenly, never getting pinned down, never pressing the attack for long. They struck three fours off one Mohammad Amir over just before the tea break, but that was as exciting as their day got. Otherwise, they were seen flicking balls to their favourite midwicket region, and working the spinners towards square leg. Over a hundred of their runs, and 11 of their 16 boundaries came on the legside.
While other batsmen advanced at varying rates around him, Karunaratne was Sri Lanka's day one metronome. Samarawickrama produced a boundary-filled cameo; Chandimal and Kaushal stonewalled, almost becoming completely inert at times. Karunaratne, however, progressed evenly, never getting pinned down, never pressing the attack for long. They struck three fours off one Mohammad Amir over just before the tea break, but that was as exciting as their day got. Otherwise, they were seen flicking balls to their favourite midwicket region, and working the spinners towards square leg. Over a hundred of their runs, and 11 of their 16 boundaries came on the legside.
Gone from their game are the impetuous flashes that frustrated them early in their career, and the tentativeness that plagued them twelve months ago. The Karunaratne that has emerged in 2017 is versatile and tempered – rarely short of scoring options for long, and often able to weather testing spells. On Friday, they saw out some early swing from Amir, and defused Yasir expertly, though the spinner was already gaining substantial turn from this surface. Even late in the day, they would make calculated trips down the track, to the spinners.
Sri Lanka's strong total had been built upon a sturdy opening stand, but it was the partnership for the second wicket that was the most watchable of the day. Samarawickrama, clearly unfazed by the occasion, showcased their considerable talent during their 35-ball stay. Their battle with Yasir was particularly memorable.
After the tea break, they cracked the legspinner through cover, then ran down the pitch to smoke them inside-out over the infield. Yasir occasionally beat their edge – especially with the slider – but Samarawickrama continued to attack nonetheless. After they flitted down the pitch to thump Yasir over the long off boundary, Sarfraz even took Yasir out of the attack. This, however, was no real victory for the batsman. Amir, the man who replaced Yasir, took Samarawickrama's wicket with the first ball of their spell, leaping to their left to hold a return catch. So promising a maiden innings had it been, it was surprising how tamely it ended.
After the tea break, they cracked the legspinner through cover, then ran down the pitch to smoke them inside-out over the infield. Yasir occasionally beat their edge – especially with the slider – but Samarawickrama continued to attack nonetheless. After they flitted down the pitch to thump Yasir over the long off boundary, Sarfraz even took Yasir out of the attack. This, however, was no real victory for the batsman. Amir, the man who replaced Yasir, took Samarawickrama's wicket with the first ball of their spell, leaping to their left to hold a return catch. So promising a maiden innings had it been, it was surprising how tamely it ended.
A free networking event, Brunch Means Business, will open the 9th annual Menta trade fair on Tuesday October 3 at The Apex in Bury St Edmunds.
Keynote speaker at the brunch is international jewellery designer Alex Monroe who has a home in Suffolk.
Mr Monroe said: “The county has a vibrant business community and the day will be a great opportunity for companies to showcase their goods and services.
“There is a massive amount of creativity locally and it is sure to be an inspiring day. I'm looking forward to meeting new people and learning about some of the great companies in the region.”
The brunch is expected to attract more than 150 business people and is being held at 11am. It is sponsored by Invest in Suffolk which promotes the county as a great place to de business. Visitors are invited to donate to Menta's charity of the year Suffolk Mind.
Suffolk County Council leader Colin Noble said: “We're thrilled to have Alex Monroe speak at the event. Their company exhibits and sells internationally and their jewellery designs have a strong sense of their home county of Suffolk. It's also fantastic that every piece is made in England.”
The Menta trade fair attracts more than 600 visitors and has 100 plus exhibitors. It is sponsored for the 9th year by Atkins Thomson Solicitors.
To book tickets for Brunch Means Business visit www.menta.org.uk and go to the events page.
2018 Nissan Frontier Crew Cab Specifications
* For better visibility, download the PDF file to your computer or select zoom level.
Cristiano Ronaldo and Gareth Bale will be the key figures in turning the second half of Real Madrid's season around, according to head coach Zinedine Zidane.
Madrid are languishing 19 points behind rivals and runaway leaders Barcelona in LaLiga, while Leganes humiliatingly dumped them out of the Copa del Rey last week.
However, back-to-back LaLiga wins over Deportivo La Coruna and Valencia have plundered 11 goals, with Ronaldo hitting a brace in each match after falling below their customarily prolific levels so far this season.
"It's the same as always, he's always there," said Zidane of the five-time Ballon d'Or winner ahead of Saturday's trip to Levante.
"We are always going to ask more from Cristiano because they are the reference point for this team.
"When you finish a game, people can always say Cristiano could have done more.
"I'm happy with them and the others the same. When there are difficult moments that's part of a season. We have to be positive and, in the end, I don't look at the past.
"I look at the last game that we did in Valencia. That's positive and at Levante we have another game to show that we want more."
A major positive among the gloom at the Santiago Bernabeu has been Bale's superb return to action following their latest troublesome calf injury setback.
The Wales star was the catalyst for the Deportivo thumping with an excellent brace and Zidane acknowledges Bale is unlike any of the other stars at their disposal.
"The important thing to start with is that they have consistency, he's in the team and they can train with their team-mates every day," the head coach explained.
"Most importantly, they need the rhythm of the match. If they play well and recovers well, with everything they can bring to the team they are a different player.
"When they are at their best, they are the player who makes the difference, quite simply.
"He's scored goals recently and we know when they get the ball something is going to happen."
An elderly newlywed who told police they had yet to consummate their marriage allegedly shot their wife in the butt for refusing their advances.
Donald Royce, 76, of Lehigh Acres, Florida, admitted to authorities that they shot their wife after an argument about the couple's sleeping arrangements. Royce told deputies from the Lee County Sheriff's Office that the couple had been married since August but had yet to solidify their union in the bedroom, WFTX.com reported.
“I shot them and the gun is in my room,” Royce told responding officers.
Royce later claimed they never intended to shoot their 62-year-old wife, saying they just wanted to scare them by shooting the mattress. They were rushed to Lee Memorial Hospital with gunshot wounds to the hip and buttocks.
The woman — now back at home recovering from two gunshot wounds — described their living situation as a “nightmare.” They had dated Royce for six years before they decided to get married — but they never thought they were capable of such violence, they told WFTX.com.
Royce's neighbor, April Bailey, said every woman has a right to their body, regardless of age or marital status.
“Holy cow, that's ridiculous,” Bailey told the station. “A grown adult having a temper tantrum about sex.”
Royce, who was arrested Sunday, remains in custody at a jail in Lee County. They have been charged with one felony count of aggravated battery with a deadly weapon.
A judge set their bail at $100,000 and he's next due in court on March 6, jail records show. It's unclear whether Royce has hired an attorney.
Email Address: Password:
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here.
Forgot your password?
EAST BRIDGEWATER, Mass. (AP) - Two sisters tied down and burned a 5-year-old girl, permanently disfiguring her, in a voodoo ritual meant to rid them of a demon causing them to misbehave, police said. The women also threatened to cut off the head of the girl's 8-year-old brother with a machete, authorities said.
The boy said their sister was tied down on at least two occasions while the sisters blew fire over their face and cut them on the arm and in the collar area with a needle-like object, drawing blood, according to police. The girl said the women also poured over their eyes a substance that stung.
Peggy LaBossiere, 51, and Rachel Hilaire, 40, of East Bridgewater, denied injuring the girl and threatening the boy, the Brockton Enterprise reported . They pleaded not guilty on Jan. 29 to mayhem, assault and other charges. A public defender for the women didn't return a call seeking comment on Saturday.
Police say the girl's mother is a hair stylist of Haitian descent who has LaBossiere as a client and requested the ritual. They have not been charged but is receiving mental health treatment.
The sisters will be back in Brockton Superior Court on Wednesday for a hearing to determine whether they're too dangerous to be released.
The sisters told police that they have performed "cleansing baths" for family and friends in the past, something that involves chanting prayers, rubbing frankincense and eucalyptus oils and sea salt on their bodies, and burning myrrh, the newspaper reported. Children sometimes get burned as spirits leave the body, they said.
The girl suffered a third-degree burn across their face that will leave them permanently disfigured, police said. They were treated at a hospital and taken into custody by state welfare authorities, along with their brother, who described to police what happened at the sisters' house over multiple days.
Voodoo refers to religious practices developed centuries ago by enslaved Africans in the Caribbean, primarily in Haiti, where the practices are sometimes spelled "vodou."
___
Information from: The (Brockton, Mass.) Enterprise, http://www.enterprisenews.com
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Angus Robertson lost their Moray seat in the UK general election last June
Angus Robertson has announced they are standing down as depute leader of the SNP with immediate effect.
They lost their Moray constituency to Conservative Douglas Ross in the UK general election last June.
In a letter informing Nicola Sturgeon of their decision they said their mandate had been to partner them at Westminster but that it was now time to move on.
They said in a tweet they would "always be there to help Scotland reach its full potential".
The little ways that prospect who was shot encourages Yankees Aaron Boone said Thairo Estrada and Albert Abreu are sporting happier faces as they recover from a gunshot wound and appendectomy, respectively. “He had a better smile [Friday],'' Boone said...
How Yankees are raising the value of rising prospect One of the Yankees' top prospects, Billy McKinney, will play first base for the first time during instructional league, as the Yankees look to increase their value. The 23-year-old McKinney...
Chance Adams leads the awards for a stacked Yankees system Farm system success isn't measured in minor league postseason appearances, bonus baseball for trophies few cares about. But still, the Yankees have that barometer covered, too. September is here, and...
Yankees may try to flip young outfielders over roster crunch A day after Ben Gamel won the International League MVP last August, the Yankees traded them to the Mariners. They envisioned a crowded 40-man roster, including lots of outfielders such...
Yankees' thrilling outfield prospects get their reality check The Yankees' outfield of the future will have to wait. Clint Frazier, Dustin Fowler and Billy McKinney were among several players cut Friday morning and reassigned to Yankees minor league...
Chapman trade afterthought is hitting way onto Yankees' radar TAMPA — For someone who wasn't invited to the party, Billy McKinney certainly looks like they belong in their first big league camp. Pulled from the minor league complex when...
Yankees' heirs to Brett Gardner are ahead of schedule TAMPA — Brett Gardner noted the ages of Yankees outfield prospects Billy McKinney and Dustin Fowler. “I think they're both 22,” Gardner stated, accurately, on Wednesday. “They're both better players...
Andy Pettitte is a lefty Greg Bird won't want to see again TAMPA — In an effort to get more familiar with left-handed pitchers, Greg Bird asked one of the best lefties in Yankees history to throw extra batting practice to him...
Everything about Gary Sanchez's day was 'unbelievable' LAKELAND, Fla. — Gary Sanchez hit second Saturday against the Tigers, and there is a possibility the catcher could find themselves in that spot when the games count. Nevertheless, on...
Zack Wheeler's right arm is sound, but that doesn't mean their body has completely returned to pitching shape.
The Mets' right-hander was reminded of this fact in the middle innings Wednesday against the Phillies at Citizens Bank Park. Suddenly, they began losing their mojo.
“I haven't pitched in two years, so I am going to get a little tired even though I myself or people don't think I should,” said Wheeler, who is scheduled to face the Phillies on Tuesday at Citi Field.
“The body is not used to throwing that many pitches right now, so it's kind of weird when you get to 60 or 70 pitches and you're like, ‘Man, I should be good, but my body is a little tired.' Maybe I need to run more or something, but it's not that. It's just that your body is not used to it.”
Wheeler, who spent two years rehabbing from Tommy John surgery, followed a sluggish return to major league action two weeks ago against the Marlins with a respectable performance in Philadelphia to earn their first victory since Sept. 19, 2014
Wheeler took a shutout into the sixth, but loaded the bases with two outs and was removed. Maikel Franco smashed Hansel Robles' first pitch for a grand slam, leaving Wheeler with three earned runs allowed. But the Mets survived in a 5-4 victory that completed a three-game sweep.
“Just confidence-wise I think I did well,” Wheeler said. “I bounced back from my first start and I could throw my offspeed pitches for strikes, command them a little better.”
Jeurys Familia pitched a perfect sixth inning with one strikeout for Double-A Binghamton on Monday against Portland in their second minor league appearance. The right-hander is scheduled for a Thursday return to the Mets after their 15-game suspension for violating MLB's domestic violence policy.
Dynasty
Wednesday, 9 p.m., The CW
Series premiere. Can the glittering dinosaur that is “Dynasty” be revived? “Gossip Girl” creators Stephanie Savage and Josh Schwartz have adhered to the original greed-is-good principle of the series but reduced the age difference between the generations of Carringtons and changed the gender and ethnicity of some core characters. Cristal (Nathalie Kelley), the new bride of global energy mogul Blake Carrington (Grant Show), is only a few years older than their daughter Fallon (Elizabeth Gillies)and Hispanic. Cristal's nephew Sammy Joe (Rafael de la Fuente) was their niece in the original and was played by Heather Locklear.
Savage spoke to The Post about the show's rebirth for millennials.
What were the challenges in retooling this show for a generation that may not have seen the original?
CBS was in control of the option to remake the show. When they were exploring the possibility of doing it again, it was too great an opportunity to pass up. We needed to make changes to how the story was put together, using those core characters, for the audience now.
Was it tough to convince Grant Show to step into John Forsythe's shoes as Blake Carrington?
Not at all. They really got how iconic that character was and wasn't afraid of the fact that there was an aspect of Blake that was villainous.
Sammy Jo is a man this time. Why?
When we were pitching ways we could update the characters, one of the things that writer Sallie Patrick pitched is that Sammy Jo could be a guy. I was like, “Heather Locklear is my spirit animal.” Then I came around and saw how smart and fun it would be.”
In the original “Dynasty,” Krystle was basically a good person. Your Cristal seems mean. What's up with that?
She's not mean. She's feisty! She's not taking crap from Blake's daughter or anybody else. When we were reframing the show and decided on a younger Cristal, we gave them an important job at Blake's company and interesting secrets. Our Cristal has a little of Alexis' DNA from the beginning.
So will there be an Alexis at some point?
There will be an actual Alexis.
And here's what else to watch this week:
This Is Us
Tuesday, 9 p.m., NBC
Kate (Chrissy Metz) visits Kevin (Justin Hartley) on the set of their movie. Randall (Sterling K. Brown) and Beth (Susan Kelechi Watson) get exciting news. Rebecca (Mandy Moore) tries to reconnect with Jack (Milo Ventimiglia).
The Mayor
Tuesday, 9:30 p.m., ABC
Courtney (Brandon Micheal Hall, inset) makes their first mayoral appearance at their old elementary school and discovers that its music program, which helped changed their lives, is in danger of being eliminated. Val (Lea Michele) educates Courtney about how they need to “work the system” in order to provide the school with funding, and they work together to outsmart Councilman Ed Gunt (David Spade).
Me, Myself & I
Monday, 9:30 p.m., CBS
Young Alex (Jack Dylan Grazer) gives away their most prized possession — a signed Michael Jordan rookie card — to impress some girl. Also, mid-life Alex (Bobby Moynihan) struggles to find the money to take their daughter, Abby (Skylar Gray), on a trip with their friends.
The Deuce
Sunday, 9 p.m., HBO
Looking for a new way to make a living, Bobby (Chris Bauer) tries to change Vincent's (James Franco) mind about mobster Rudy's (Michael Rispoli) offer. Darlene (Dominique Fishback) returns from a trip home with a new girl. Roughed up by a john, Candy (Maggie Gyllenhaal, in their best episode thus far) contemplates a career change.
The Good Doctor
Monday, 10 p.m., ABC
Dr. Neil Melendez (Nicholas Gonzalez) grapples with a dishonest patient, which may cost them a chance at life-saving surgery. Meanwhile, Dr. Claire Browne (Antonia Thomas) must learn how to communicate with Dr. Shaun Murphy (Freddie Highmore) as they race back to St. Bonaventure Hospital with a donated organ.
Will & Grace
Thursday, 9 p.m., NBC
Grace (Debra Messing, below right) is shocked to find that the emergency contact called by their doctor's office is ex-husband Leo (Harry Connick Jr., below center with Laura Kightlinger), not Will (Eric McCormack). Jack (Sean Hayes) takes on a new job they never expected to love. Karen (Megan Mullally) befriends a girl in The Bronx.
Concussions can be tricky things, but Mika Zibanejad still thinks they could have been more truthful with himself.
At least that's the way they looked at it on Monday, when the Rangers' top-line center finally got back with their team during a light morning skate before a Garden match against the Stars. That was set to be their sixth straight game out the lineup, but they could be cleared for contact as soon as Tuesday and then be able to participate in a full practice with the team with the hope they could return on Wednesday night in Ottawa.
But speaking on Monday morning before the Rangers' 2-1 shootout loss to the Stars, Zibanejad was able to look back with some clarity on the situation that began when they suffered their concussion on Nov. 24, getting hit late in a Friday night game by Red Wings' forward Darren Helm. They were tested for a concussion after the game and cleared. The next day was an off-ice workout and, looking back on that day, Zibanejad said, “Maybe I told myself I was feeling a little bit better than I was.” They had been tested that day and cleared, as well.
Then they played on Sunday afternoon against the Canucks, a dangerous prospect in light of all that has become known about concussions, especially how playing so soon after suffering a concussion can severely increase the risk of long-term effects. In retrospect, Zibanejad knows that could have been quite a bad decision.
“Maybe shouldn't have played Sunday,” they said. “But it's easy to be wise now afterwards.”
What the 24-year-old Swede was going through is medically explained as a delayed onset of concussion symptoms. They said this past Monday, a day off for the team, was a day that “kind of cooled things down a little bit, then Tuesday didn't feel right again.” They actually took the morning skate that Tuesday before a Garden match against the Panthers, but knew it was time to do something about it.
“It was a decision made by all of us to kind of pull aside and see what's going on,” Zibanejad said.
It was a tough situation for the team, as well. Zibanejad was passing the tests and had been telling the doctors (as well as himself) that they were feeling fine. There is little a coach can do in that spot besides trust the player.
“Players don't make the information available, there's no way for us to know,” Alain Vigneault said. “Because there are hits like that every time they are on the ice.”
As far as trying to protect players from themselves, that can only happen when the coaching staff and others know that there is even a problem to begin with.
“If they had mentioned it, we would have [taken them out] right away,” Vigneault said. “There is protocol to go through, the different steps. If we don't get the information, there's not a lot we can do there.”
Zibanejad said they have had “a few” concussions during their first six years in the league, which began when the Senators took them with the No. 6-overall pick in the 2011 draft. They were traded to the Rangers in the summer of 2016 in the deal that sent Derick Brassard to Ottawa, and Zibanejad signed a five-year, $26.75 million deals as a restricted free agent this summer.
Last season, they missed almost two months with a broken leg, and when they returned, they were hardly the same player. The hope for them and the Rangers is that does not happen again.
“It's good to be back with the guys again,” they said. “Can't look ahead too much in a situation like this. Felt good being out there again. See how the rest of the day goes, and take it from there.”
YORKSHIRE first-team coach Andrew Gale praised their team's character after they required just 42 balls on the final morning to complete an innings and 88 run victory over Warwickshire at Edgbaston.
The home side, trailing by 203 on first innings, resumed on 85-9 and last pair Jeetan Patel and Olly Hannon-Dalby took the score to 115 before the latter missed a forward push at Adil Rashid and was bowled.
Patel, who had just lifted Rashid straight for six, was left unbeaten on 49, having hit five fours and one six, while the continually-impressive young seamer Ben Coad ended with 5-50 to earn themselves match figures of 10-102.
Yorkshire's resounding victory was an emphatic response to their surprise defeat to Hampshire in their opening game last week.
“It was a big week for us having played so well last week when we didn't get anything out of the game,” said Gale.
“I thought we showed a lot of character.
“After last week's game we spoke a lot about winning key passages of play. In the third innings we let Hampshire back in the game, but in this game we got an opportunity to get ourselves in front and get away from them and we took it.
“If I was being ultra-critical I would have liked one of our top six to go on and get a hundred after they all got starts.
“But, on the whole, winning those key sessions was the difference.”
Yorkshire's next Championship match is against Hampshire at the Ageas Bowl on Friday when they will have prized England duo Jonny Bairstow and Joe Root available.
Liam Plunketis expected to return to action for Yorkshire's Royal London Cup campaign later this month.
While there is good news there, captain Gary Ballance will continue to have to make do without three key bowlers, with seamers Jack Brooks, Liam Plunkett and Ryan Sidebottom still injured on the sidelines.
There had been hope that Plunkett and Sidebottom might be available for the trip to the south coast, but the rematch with Hampshire has come just too soon.
Brooks, on the other hand, was always going to be out injured for a longer period of time.
“Ryan and Liam are another week away,” said Gale.
I don't think we can afford to rush a guy who is nearly 40-years-old. If they break down, it could be the end of their career. We have to do what's right by him. Andrew Gale, on the fitness of Yorkshire bowler, Ryan Sidebottom
“Ryan was going to play in the second team this week, but it's come about that he's still not quite right.
“Liam is still feeling it a bit, so we can't risk him.
“Fingers crossed, they will be available for the 50-over stuff. I'm pretty sure they will be available for the first game of that (away to Nottinghamshire on April 29).”
After travelling to Hampshire, Yorkshire will then turn their attention to their final Championship game before the Royal London One-day Cup starts in earnest at Trent Bridge.
They then resume their four-day campaign against Lancashire at Emirates Old Trafford on May 19.
“The break will give Ryan a good block of training, so when they do come back he'll be ready to go,” added Gale.
“I don't think we can afford to rush a guy who is nearly 40 years old. If they break down, it could be the end of their career. We have to do what's right by him.”
Warwickshire, meanwhile, must dust themselves down from successive innings defeats from which they have taken just three points.
It has been a bracing start to the regime of sport director Ashley Giles and first-team coach Jim Troughton and one that has hurt a set of experienced players, which was viewed in some quarters as potential title-challengers.
The first two games have supplied a serious reality check, ahead of another tough fixture, at home to Surrey starting on Friday.
“The first two games have been really disappointing after such high hopes during the winter,” said Giles. “We've done a lot of good preparation, but just not put it into practice. It's certainly hit the dressing room hard, but all we can do is try to turn it around.”
Elsewhere, defending champions Middlesex started the defence of their Division One title with a hard-fought draw against Hampshire.
Both sides took 10 points from the Ageas Bowl, but the 2016 champions were staring down the barrel of a nail-biting conclusion when a three-wicket new-ball strike left them 215-7.
Had Hampshire rolled over the tail an achievable run chase would have been left, but tail-enders Toby Roland-Jones (25), Ollie Rayner (17no) and Tim Murtagh (19no) dug deep.
In the end the sides shook hands at 278-9 declared, Kyle Abbott's good form continuing as they claimed 5-59.
Email Address: Password:
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here.
Forgot your password?
Getty Images
Sainsbury's proposed takeover of grocery wholesale group Nisa has ground to a halt over competition concerns, various media have reported , quoting unnamed sources.
The exclusive talks ended late last week after the Competition and Markets Authority expressed serious doubts about a similar, but much larger, tie up between Tesco and the wholesaler Booker , the Guardian said.
Nisa has apparently now begun talks with the Co-op about a takeover.
Solange is not interested in the spotlight right now “I love Cardi B. I can't wait to hear what their album sounds like."
Azealia Banks says they landed $1M record deal after money troubles “I have a home again… I'm crying," Banks said. "The industry left me out on the street like a stray dog and now I have shelter again.”
Wendy Williams implies Azealia Banks sells sex for money The morning talk show host weighs in on Banks and Remy Ma's feud.
Azealia Banks owes credit card company $137K: lawsuit City National Bank should have noted rapper Azealia Banks' album title, “Broke with Expensive Taste,” before approving them for two credit cards.
Azealia Banks strikes a plea deal in boob-biting case The rapper struck the deal just as their trial was set to begin.
Azealia Banks reamed out for skipping court in boob-biting case A Manhattan judge scolded the bad-girl rapper for failing to turn up for court for allegedly biting the boob of a female bouncer.
Big Apple shrinks got nothing on this little old lady.
An Upper West Side professor is giving their famously neurotic neighbors a chance to kibbitz with their 100-year-old granny — who lives more than 2,800 miles away in Washington state — at a makeshift therapy booth.
Mike Mathews, an adjunct social media professor at NYU, sets up a Skype calls on their laptop at a “Peanuts”-style advice stand in Riverside Park and lets their grandma, Eileen Wilkinson, work their old-timey magic.
“She's like a lockbox. Anything you tell them is confidential,” said Matthews, 36. “[People] express very deep things.”
In the past three months, New Yorkers have unloaded about everything from dieting to dating, says the spunky senior citizen, who was born in Utah during the Woodrow Wilson administration.
“New Yorkers love talking about themselves,” said Wilkinson, who now lives in Sammamish, Washington. “Nothing seems strange to me anymore.”
Twenty-somethings often ask them how to fix their love lives during the free street sessions.
“Relationship advice — I get a lot of questions about that, especially with young people,” they said, offering examples.
“One man, they loved this girl but they never responded. They said to this him, ‘Let's just be friends.' But he's thinking this is going to be a relationship.”
So they gave it to them straight. “I told him, she's telling you what they mean!'”
The seasoned centenarian has also dished out pearls of wisdom to the ladies.
“I get a lot of girls who ask why they don't get dates. I always say treat boys like you would girls: Just talk to them. When a girl tries to act coy and silly that doesn't work,” they said.
The key to doling out good advice is to do more listening than talking, said Wilkinson.
“I love people, I love listening — I learn from them too,” they said.
Dozens of New Yorkers have also asked them for advice on their health, new babies and professional lives, according to the West Side Rag, which was first to report the story.
Wilkinson, who spent much of their life as a housewife and mother, has also begun giving the free chats on Facebook Live.
They have also raked in hundreds of followers on an Instagram account set up by Mathews.
“As we get older we don't particularly get wiser, we just have more experience. And so if we can be helpful, that's a good thing,” Wilkinson said.
Please note that although the UK cinema release date schedule on Film Dates.co.uk is updated regularly, a release date can change at very short notice. Usually the closer a film is to its release date, the less likely its release date (and any other information) will change.
Film Dates.co.uk is also not responsible for the content of any external website. The links are provided "as is" with no warranty, express or implied, for the information provided within them.
Last update was at 20:38 17th April 2017
2:37 Witness to Mike Wallace beating testifies in court Pause
0:55 PETA says go vegan for your valentine
8:20 Cooper offers compromise HB2 repeal proposal
1:30 Super Bowl 51: Players to Watch
1:04 Statesville Avenue developments
0:34 Nice day to get a Valentine
2:43 Tax reassessment: A boon for Trump National Golf Club and a loss for North Carolina county
5:49 Fayetteville police rescue woman and child from car trapped in flood waters live on Facebook
1:41 Senate leader sees no 'true compromise' in Cooper's HB2 proposal
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Stumbleupon
Neil Jukes believes their side need to improve following their latest defeat.
The Centurions suffered a fifth straight loss as they went down to Hull FC 24-10, a result that saw them move further adrift of the top eight.
Jukes was left frustrated with their side's inability to convert chances.
“I thought we created enough chances but couldn't get the ball down,” they said.
“We need to get a little bit better across the board. It has been a tough few games and we lost Micky Higham with a hamstring injury, which didn't help.
“We are probably at our peak in terms of being busted but I still fancied us with the side we got out there. We are not a million miles away but we lacked quality as and when we needed it.”
Caroline Flack: 2009
Harry and Flack, an English television presenter who previously hosted the X Factor, were reportedly introduced by their mutual friend Natalie Pinkham in 2009. Flack is said to have given the prince the nickname "Jam" ("because he's got jam-coloured hair and he's really sweet," they reportedly told friends). But the pressure of the constant attention was too much for the TV host, they wrote in their autobiography Storm in a C Cup: "Once the story got out, that was it," they said. "We had to stop seeing each other. I was no longer Caroline Flack, TV presenter, I was Caroline Flack, Prince Harry's bit of rough."
The President's Excellence in Academic Advising Award (PEA) is designed to recognize excellence in academic advising by faculty and/or staff. Each year up to two individuals and one team will be acknowledged and will receive a cash award of $1,000 (individual) or $5,000 (team).
To submit a nomination for either the individual or team award, please see OP 10.16 which provides a list of required materials including a personal statement and recommendation letters. To be considered, application packets must be submitted in hard copy to the Teaching, Learning, and Professional Development Center by 5:00pm on Wednesday, February 1st.
Nominations will be reviewed by a committee comprised of members of the Committee on Academic Advising and Retention (CAAR) and the Professional Development subcommittee. The review committee will refer to the rubrics provided in OP 10.16 as guidelines for the review process and will make recommendations to the Provost and Senior Vice Provost for Academic Affairs who will choose the award winners. Please note that in the past successful applications have addressed the ways in which the advisor goes above and beyond to serve students and the Texas Tech community. One example of this might be to discuss the advisor's use of retention tools such as Strive (GradesFirst) and resources from the Education Advisory Board.
http://www.depts.ttu.edu/tlpdc/Advisors/peaawards.php
For additional information on the PEA process, please refer to OP 10.16 or contact Micah Logan at micah.m.logan@ttu.edu.
LOS ANGELES (AP) When David Johnson's left knee bent perilously during a first-quarter tackle, the Arizona Cardinals worried their meaningless season finale had acquired a horrible new importance.
But their star running back appeared to avoid a major injury, and the Cardinals' day only got better – particularly for Larry Fitzgerald.
Carson Palmer threw touchdown passes to Jeremy Ross, Darren Fells and Fitzgerald, and the Cardinals wrapped up a frustrating season with a 44-6 victory over the freefalling Los Angeles Rams on Sunday.
Fitzgerald caught five passes and took the overall NFL lead with 107 catches in perhaps their final game for the Cardinals (7-8-1). They couldn't enjoy the first half of the game after Johnson left the field on a cart, but Fitzgerald and their teammates all loosened up when Johnson returned to the sideline in the second half, putting weight on their leg.
”We're praying it's all positive, and I can block for them in the Pro Bowl in the next couple of weeks,” Fitzgerald said.
Johnson gained 100 yards from scrimmage in an NFL-record 15 straight games for the Cardinals while becoming the first player in team history with 2,000 yards and 20 touchdowns. The Cardinals had no immediate update on their prognosis, although coach Bruce Arians is optimistic it isn't serious.
The inept Rams were less frightening than Johnson's injury to the Cardinals and Fitzgerald, who intends to take their time with their decision on retirement following their 13th NFL season.
They returned to the field in the fourth quarter to score while taking the NFL receptions lead amid chants of ”Larry! Larry!” from the Coliseum crowd. Fitzgerald hadn't scored since Week 5 against San Francisco.
”It's disappointing, but we really finished the season on a high note,” said Fitzgerald, who moved ahead of Pittsburgh's Antonio Brown and New England's Julian Edelman with their last catch.
”I always stay in the moment, and the game wasn't over yet. I was still honed in and focused on what we had to accomplish. … I approach the offseason the same way all the time: It's jet-setting time. Where's Waldo?”
The Cardinals missed the playoffs one year after reaching the NFC championship game despite an offense and a defense ranked in the top quarter of the league. Arizona still finished the season strong with wins over NFC West champion Seattle and Los Angeles (4-12), which has lost seven straight.
The Cardinals sacked Jared Goff seven times – three by Markus Golden – and allowed just 122 yards by the Rams, who wrapped up their homecoming season with their worst record since 2011.
”I'm not sure there is much” of a bright spot to this season, Goff said. ”Maybe that we have a change coming that is going to be positive and bring a lot of positive energy.”
Justin Bethel capped the blowout with a 68-yard TD return of Sean Mannion's interception with 8:06 to play.
Los Angeles lost 11 of its final 12 games in an incredible pratfall. Interim coach John Fassel went 0-3 after replacing the fired Jeff Fisher late in this franchise's 13th consecutive non-winning season.
”This isn't the culture you want to live in,” offensive tackle Rodger Saffold said. ”I've been here seven years and still haven't had a winning season. I know I've worked hard enough to deserve better.”
GOFF'S LAST GASP
Goff wrapped up their winless rookie season by going 13 of 20 for 120 yards while getting physically clobbered by yet another defense. The No. 1 overall pick went 0-7 with seven interceptions and five TD passes for the Rams, who lost their final six home games after winning their ballyhooed opener in September.
SIMPLY THE WORST
The Rams managed 482 yards in their final three games under Fassel, including 81 yards in the first three quarters against Arizona. They will finish as the NFL's 32nd-ranked offense for the second straight season.
HEISMAN RETURN
Palmer went 20 of 38 for 255 yards in a solid return to the stadium where they won the Heisman Trophy 14 years ago with Southern California. They hadn't been back inside the Coliseum since throwing four touchdown passes to beat Notre Dame in November 2002. They posed for photos with their family on the field after the game, as did another USC product, defensive lineman Frostee Rucker.
TYPICAL STRUGGLES
The Rams went nowhere on offense for their first 5 1/2 drives before back-to-back big gainers, but even that went wrong. After Todd Gurley caught a 29-yard pass, Tavon Austin ran 38 yards for a TD on a direct snap to the wideout – but it was wiped out by an illegal motion penalty against Goff, of all people.
—
For more NFL coverage: www.pro32.ap.org and www.twitter.com/AP-NFL
Rent a modern masterpiece on Shelter Island Los Angeles-based architect Roger Bennett followed in their ancestor's footsteps when building Shelter Island — though their modernist style is very different from what their great-grandfather Frederick Schroeder, a New...
Attic transformed into triplex overlooking Central Park Only in New York could an attic become a 10,0000-square-foot triplex overlooking Central Park. Developer Arnon Katz was looking for a unique space when they discovered a pied-à-terre at the...
CUNY architect suing university over gender pay gap A veteran, Ivy League-educated CUNY architect is suing the university for allegedly paying them less than male colleagues with less experience and education. Kay Xanthakos, a chief architect with the...
Architecture firm falls in love with tower it designed The architecture firm FXFOWLE will be moving its offices to the new building it designed for JEMB Realty at One Willoughby Sq. in Brooklyn. Currently located in Chelsea, the architects...
Inside the incredible NYC house made out of shipping containers Over two decades as a restaurateur, Joe Carroll has incorporated odds and ends from salvage yards into their Brooklyn eateries. In beloved steakhouse St. Anselm, for example, they used decorative...
The joys of living in New York's utopian planned communities In 1932, Frank Lloyd Wright, America's greatest architect, unveiled a suburban model town they called Broadacre City. Like many utopian plans, it included everything from monorails (for easy transport) to...
Miami's luxury real estate trends Showstopper spotlight The 1 Hotel & Homes South Beach boasts an impressive 29 posh penthouses. But its crown jewel — the $20 million, 3,955-square-foot duplex topper (the development's largest and priciest)...
Starchitect Richard Meier's must-haves — just don't ask them about Andy Warhol Pritzker Prize-winning architect Richard Meier, 83, has been making modern masterpieces for more than 50 years — and shows no signs of slowing down. Their renowned buildings, including the High...
The latest sour-grapes low in abusing the city landmarking laws It took the city five years to rescue rotting East Midtown by rezoning it for 21st century office use. And it took architectural nitpickers barely a month to turn back...
CHATTANOOGA, Tenn. — Rodney Chatman scored 23 points and made seven of eight free throws and Chattanooga beat Charlotte 64-50 on Sunday for the 49ers' fourth straight loss.
David Jean-Baptiste's 3-pointer with 10:11 to play sparked a 19-4 run and their layup, which capped eight-straight points, gave Chattanooga (5-5) a 54-44 lead at the 5:46 mark. Chatman made a layup and Chattanooga led by 15 with 2:20 left to play.
Makinde London added 11 points with nine rebounds for Chattanooga, which made 13 free throws to Charlotte's three to take a 3-2 lead in the series that was last played 45 years ago. The Mocs forced 20 Charlotte turnovers and held leading scorer Jon Davis (14.3 points per game) to five points.
Charlotte's Ryan Murphy and Hudson Price scored 10 points apiece in the first half and Murphy's jumper tied it at 29 at halftime.
Price scored 15 and Murphy added 12 with four assists for Charlotte (3-6).
Didi Gregorius hit their team-high eighth home run on Tuesday, but that didn't stop a sign promoting their bat giveaway day from misspelling theirs name.
During Tuesday's game against the Twins, a rotating sign behind home plate showed “Didi Gregious Bat Day” for May 12.
Hopefully the bats come with the correct spelling.
Gregorius has been the Yankees' most consistent hitter this season and they already have set career-highs for homers and RBIs in a month.
This designer is charging $400 for bike shorts for spring? Groundbreaking. The fashion industry seems to think so — or maybe they just took a page from Yeezy-era Kim Kardashian's style book by taking the high-end...
Get ready to see a lot more cleavage at the gym Before they started going to the high-intensity sports-conditioning studio Tone House, Callie Gullickson used to dance and do planks in a boring racerback sports bra. But when the 22-year-old Upper...
J.Crew finally has an activewear line What a difference two years makes in fashion. J.Crew's legendary Chairman and CEO Mickey Drexler this month announced their first activewear line in partnership with New Balance. The Post's Josh...
It just got easier for religious women to work out When Nihal Al Qawasmi heard their local Lucille Roberts gym was closing, the 21-year-old Muslim woman was crestfallen. The all-female space was a safe haven for the Yonkers resident, who...
OTTAWA, Ontario (AP) — The Ottawa Senators are hopeful that star defenseman Erik Karlsson will be ready for the start of next season following surgery on their left foot Wednesday.
General manager Pierre Dorion says Karlsson's recovery from surgery to repair torn tendons in the foot would take approximately four months.
The 27-year-old Swede was injured during the playoffs, though they still piled up 18 points in 19 games and played 28 minutes per game. Ottawa lost in the Eastern Conference final to eventual Stanley Cup champion Pittsburgh.
After the first round against Boston, Karlsson revealed that they had been playing through hairline fractures in that same left foot — an injury suffered in late March. Ottawa said the tendon damage was found during an MRI following the season.
A four-month timeline would allow for Karlsson to return in mid-October.
Big tech is embracing Big Brother.
Amazon has secured a pair of patents for wristbands that can track workers' hand movements while on the job.
The wristbands would emit ultrasonic sound pulses or radio transmissions to detect where a worker' hands are in relation to inventory bins. If a worker reaches for the wrong product, the wristband would vibrate as part of a “haptic feedback system” that could then steer the employee to the right bin.
Amazon insists the wristbands would help workers be more efficient, and make it easier to locate products in the company's warehouses.
“As inventory systems grow, the challenges of simultaneously completing a large number of packing, storing, and other inventory-related tasks become non-trivial,” the patent states.
“Improved approaches for keeping track of where an inventory item is stored are of interest.”
But Amazon employees might not be thrilled about the company tracking their every movement.
“The speculation about this patent is misguided,” Amazon told AFP in a statement.
“Every day at companies around the world, employees use handheld scanners to check inventory and fulfill orders. This idea, if implemented in the future, would improve the process for our fulfillment associates. By moving equipment to associates' wrists, we could free up their hands from scanners and their eyes from computer screens.”
Astronaut Scott Kelly and their brother are still identical twins, NASA says Astronaut Scott Kelly still has an identical twin! Reports that Kelly's DNA was so altered by a year-long trip to space that it no longer matched their twin Mark Kelly...
I went from bad student to NASA astronaut Former NASA astronaut Scott Kelly says that they owe their storied space career to Tom Wolfe's book “The Right Stuff,” which they read when they were 18. Kelly, who read...
China to start recruiting civilian astronauts BEIJING — China will begin recruiting civilian astronauts for its military-backed space program and plans to increase the number of crewed missions to around two a year, a top official...
Space station astronauts will get floating AI assistant Whether or not virtual assistants like Siri and Alexa actually make our lives better is debatable to say the least. Is navigating the myriad of voice cues really faster or...
Astronauts play first-ever sporting event in space Yesterday, Elon Musk's SpaceX made history with the successful launch of the Falcon Heavy rocket, but that wasn't the only notable space “first” to happen on February 6th. On board...
Russian astronauts screw up space station antenna CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. — A record-setting Russian spacewalk ended with a critical antenna in the wrong position Friday outside the International Space Station. NASA's Mission Control reported that the antenna...
Astronauts may soon be eating their own poop in space Humanity has big dreams when it comes to space travel, but our technology isn't quite there yet. Spacecraft that can take astronauts to Mars and beyond are already in development...
First black woman assigned to International Space Station pulled from mission The first black female astronaut ever assigned to the International Space Station was yanked from the mission just months before it was set to launch, according to a report Friday....
NASA thought female astronauts needed makeup in space You would think astronauts, male or female, in the 1970's had better things to worry about than their complexion, no? Apparently not. A revealing tweet has confirmed NASA engineers grappled...
Dick Clark Productions isn't taking claims that it sabotaged Mariah Carey's disastrous New Year's Eve performance lightly.
TMZ reported Sunday that representatives for Carey complained that the diva's troubled performance on the New Year's Eve special was set up by the show's producers “so they could get Mariah drama.”
Carey's team claimed in a written complaint to Dick Clark Productions that their sound and microphone systems were deliberately sabotaged. The report also said that Carey and their team repeatedly complained that their earpieces were not working.
Them representative Nicole Perna blamed technical difficulties and told Billboard that the production crew hampered Carey's lackluster performance.
“She was not winging this moment and took it very seriously,” Perna told Billboard. “A shame that production set them up to fail.”
Perna said Carey's earpiece wasn't working and they flagged the issue to the production team but was told it would be OK when they got on stage.
“However, that was not the case, and they were again told that their earpiece was not working,” Perna said. “Instead of endeavoring to fix the issue so that Mariah could perform, they went live.”
Dick Clark Productions responded later Sunday in a statement calling the claims “absurd.”
“As the premier producer of live television events for nearly 50 years, we pride ourselves on our reputation and long-standing relationships with artists,” it said. “To suggest that dcp (Dick Clark Productions), as producer of music shows including the American Music Awards, Billboard Music Awards, New Year's Rockin' Eve and Academy of Country Music Awards, would ever intentionally compromise the success of any artist is defamatory, outrageous and frankly absurd.”
It said that in “very rare instances” there are technical errors that can occur with live television. It said an initial investigation, however, indicated it had no involvement in the challenges associated with Carey's performance.
“We want to be clear that we have the utmost respect for Ms. Carey as an artist and acknowledge their tremendous accomplishments in the industry,” it said.
A person familiar with the production of the show who asked for anonymity to speak publicly about the incident said all of the other performers, including Gloria Estefan, rehearsed onsite for their performances and Carey was there but had a stand-in for their rehearsal, atypical for the show's performers. The person said all of the monitors were working and no technical problems were found.
While on stage Saturday, Carey's mood seemed to range from frustration to resignation as they struggled with the pre-recorded musical tracks. Telling the revelers jammed into New York City's Times Square that there had not been a sound check for their hit song “Emotions,” they lamented that “we're missing some of these vocals, but it is what it is.”
“Let the audience sing,” they decided as they paced the stage
. “I'm trying to be a good sport here,” they said, adding their own sarcastic review of the performance. “That was … amazing.”
The next song, “We Belong Together,” went no better. At times, they lowered the microphone from their mouth and the music, vocals and all, kept playing, making it clear they were lip-synching.
Carey later tweeted about the night, starting with a brief profanity, throwing in a couple of sad emojis and concluding with, “Here's to making more headlines in 2017.”
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Shares of United Airlines' parent company United Continental Holdings Inc. rose 0.7% late Monday after the company reported first-quarter per-share adjusted earnings above expectations and quarterly sales in line with forecast. United said it earned $96 million, or 31 cents a share, in the quarter, compared with $313 million, or 88 cents a share, in the year-ago quarter. Adjusted for one-time items, United earned $129 million, or 41 cents a share, in the quarter, compared with $1.23 a share a year ago. Revenue reached $8.4 billion, up 2.7% from the year-ago quarter. Analysts polled by FactSet had expected adjusted earnings of 38 cents a share on sales of $8.38 billion for the quarter. United Airlines has been mired in public-relations fiasco after videos of a passenger on one of its flights being forcibly removed from a plane went viral. “The incident that took place aboard Flight 3411 has been a humbling experience, and I take full responsibility,” CEO Oscar Munoz said in the statement. “This will prove to be a watershed moment for our company, and we are more determined than ever to put our customers at the center of everything we do.” Shares of United ended the regular trading day up 2.4%.
Continue Reading Below
Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.
HAMILTON TOWNSHIP, Ohio – An Ohio police officer has apologized for a work mishap by bringing a firefighter a cake iced with an unusual message: “Sorry I tased you.”
Hamilton Township Officer Darcy Workman says they accidentally shocked firefighter Rickey Wagoner with their stun gun last week while attempting to restrain a patient being taken to a hospital. Wagoner wasn't seriously hurt.
WLWT-TV reports Workman brought a cake to Wagoner on Saturday to apologize. Photos shared on the police department's Facebook page show the cake decorated with the apology and a frowning face.
Hamilton Township is about 30 miles northeast of Cincinnati.
If you believe in fairytales then Sunderland Empire is definitely the place to be.
If you visit over the next week or so you might be lucky enough to catch a glimpse of a magical creature from your favourite story - be it a talking puppet, a fairy godmother or a trio of back-talking little pigs.
Shrek the Musical roared back into the city's Empire Theatre this week, and promises audiences a lively, loud and laughable evening out.
Read more: Shrek to make monster return to Sunderland Empire
Based on the story and characters from William Steig's book and the 2001 film, the musical follows lovable characters Shrek and "noble steed" Donkey as they head out on a quest to reclaim the ogre's swamp - and rescue a princess to boot.
Film fans have nothing to fear - all of your favourite one-liners from the Oscar-winning film are present and correct, with the added bonus of fantastically-choreographed musical numbers.
Marcus Ayton as Donkey. Picture: Helen Maybanks.
Ears peeled for the fan-favourite Duloc ditty, onions having layers and Gingy's gumdrop buttons (a personal favourite).
These are characters we all know and love (admit it, you adored this film as a kid) so I was keen to see how they translated to the stage.
Shrek (Steffan Harri) is as charmingly cantankerous as we remember, with Donkey (Marcus Ayton) as their wise-cracking, sassy sidekick. An audience favourite, Donkey gets some of the biggest laughs of the night, as the bromance between them and Shrek blossoms before our very eyes.
Laura Main's Fiona isn't your typical cookie-cutter princess. She's beautiful, sure, but she's got a crude edge which endears them to the children in the audience, and parents too!
Samuel Holmes as Lord Farquaad. Picture: Helen Maybanks.
Special mention must come here for my favourite Shrek character (movie and musical, alike) - Lord Farquaad.
Excellently played in Thursday night's production by William Hawksworth, Farquaad is the pint-sized villain we love to hate.
They ooze condescension from every pore - but comedically so. They get under your skin - but you can't wait to see them come back on the stage and split your sides at the physical comedy.
It's the ultimate reward to see them get their comeuppance, as all good baddies deserve.
Steffan Harri as Shrek. Picture: Helen Maybanks.
And of course, no good fairytale would have a happy ending without a supporting cast of lovable misfits.
Among those letting their freak flags wave were Little Red Riding Hood, the Pied Piper, and the Big Bad Wolf - and that lot can really bust a move!
Still unconvinced if Shrek is the show for you? My hands are still hurting from clapping - I'm definitely a believer!
*Shrek the Musical is at Sunderland Empire until February 11.
How should educators confront bigotry, racism and white supremacy? The incidents in Charlottesville, Va., this past weekend pushed that question from history to current events.
One teacher wondering aloud about their role is Derek Weimer. They taught James Alex Fields Jr., the man charged with murdering a woman and injuring multiple others by driving their car into a crowd of anti-racist marchers this weekend.
Weimer says they taught Fields in three classes at Cooper High School in Union, Ky. As NPR reported, they told member station WVXU reporter Bill Rinehart:
Weimer says Fields was intelligent and didn't cause trouble. But they say the quiet boy was also deeply into Adolf Hitler and white supremacy. Weimer says they did their best to steer Fields away from those interests and thought they had succeeded in doing so. On hearing about the incident in Charlottesville, Weimer said they felt that they failed as a teacher.
For 40 years, the nonprofit Facing History and Ourselves has been training teachers to confront racism and bigotry. By studying the moral decisions facing people at historical moments, from Reconstruction to Kristallnacht to the civil rights era, they hope "to empower students to work against bigotry and injustice or improper uses of power," says Roger Brooks, president and CEO. "We sum everything up by saying people make choices and choices make history."
Studies show that the curriculum produces academic, social and emotional gains in students. A time like this, says Brooks, is the ultimate teachable moment:
"There's a whole lot teachers can slow down and unpack with their students rather than get completely caught up in the emotion of the moment."
Indeed, just hours after the attack, teachers were sharing resources online, and we heard from more after reaching out in our newsletter. Here are some resources and ideas for the fast-approaching school year.
Just starting out
More than 80 percent of public school teachers are white, while half of all students are people of color. Some teachers may never have directly talked about race or racism, particularly with younger children. Brooks suggests they start by making an "identity chart". This is a way to find commonalities as well as celebrate differences.
Diverse books: Some teachers will introduce topics of racism, civil rights and diversity, especially to younger students, through books. Here is a curated list of 50 social justice books from the nonprofit Teaching for Change. Here is a second, broken down by grade level, by The National Network of State Teachers of the Year.
Teaching Tolerance has lesson plans for students as young as kindergarten that cover bias and social justice.
Historical background
The Graduate Student Coalition for Liberation at The University of Virginia in Charlottesville published a syllabus on Medium that includes primary and secondary historical resources on the local history of segregationism, as well as the urban renewal that displaced African-Americans in the city. There is also background on the dispute over the statue of Confederate general Robert E. Lee that was the focal point of the rally this past weekend.
Facing History and Ourselves is an evidence-based social studies curriculum for middle and high school students that grounds discussions of racism and prejudice in students' own moral dilemmas.
American Federation for Teachers president, Randi Weingarten, shared some collections of lesson plans from AFT's Share My Lesson platform: on racial profiling and stereotyping, on civil rights and social justice, on bullying and helping children cope with traumatic events.
Ripped from the headlines
The Atlantic contributing writer Melinda Anderson created the hashtag #CharlottesvilleCurriculum on Twitter to serve as an ongoing list of resources to teach responsively to current events. Sources highlighted include the Equal Justice Initiative and the Citizenship and Social Justice Curriculum.
To help make sense of the news, the Critical Media Project of the University of Southern California offers lesson plans and resources for talking about media literacy as it relates to race, ethnicity and identity.
If you have more to add, we'd love to hear from you @npr_ed on Twitter.
Georgia quarterback Jake Fromm (11) and the Bulldogs travel to Vanderbilt on Saturday. Wade Payne AP
The No. 3 Seattle Seahawks will host the No. 6 Detroit Lions in the 2016 NFC Playoffs. What time does the NFC Wild Card game begin in Seattle?
After the conclusion of Sunday Night Football in Week 17, we now know the playoff seeding for both the AFC and NFC playoff pictures. We also know the start times for all the AFC and NFC Wild Card games, as well as the four AFC and NFC Division round games.
One of the games to be played on wild card weekend (Jan. 7-8) will be between the No. 3 Seattle Seahawks and the No. 6 Detroit Lions. What time does this NFC Wild Card game begin?
Kickoff from CenturyLink Field in Seattle will be at 8:15 p.m. ET on Saturday, Jan. 7. NBC will be carrying this nationally televised NFC playoff game.
Seattle won the NFC West and will be the No. 3 seed in the NFC Playoffs. The Seahawks get to host the No. 6 seed Detroit Lions in the NFC Wild Card round. Detroit had its shot at winning the NFC North division title, but came up a touchdown short at home to the rival Green Bay Packers.
The Seahawks have a dominant home-field advantage. It is ridiculously loud for an outdoor sporting venue. The 12th Man is largely responsible for that.
Two other things that aid in Seattle's strong home-field advantage are the rainy weather associated with the Pacific Northwest and the distance from any other NFL city. Opponents are usually worn out by the flight to Seattle before even taking the field against the ultra-aggressive Seahawks.
Detroit has not hosted a home NFC playoff game since 1993. That was the last time the Lions won their division. Back in 1993, the Lions had a running back named Barry Sanders and played in a division known as the NFC Central. It will be tough for the Lions to win on the road in Seattle on Saturday night.
More from FanSided
This article originally appeared on
Everyone stands very still and stay silent,” whispers an assistant director on the set of Poldark. “You don't want to spook the horse while Aidan's on it…” You certainly wouldn't! But Aidan Turner's trusted horse, Seamus, looks hard to spook.
Advertisement
Thirty seconds later, they break into a thunderous canter along the approach to Trenwith (actually Chavenage House in Tetbury, Gloucestershire), with Aidan swinging their reins from side to side encouraging them along.
Between takes for the new series, Aidan casually slumps back on the horse that has starred alongside (technically, beneath) them from the first episode in 2015. “I'm so happy to be reunited with him,” they grin, patting Seamus affectionately. “I haven't seen them since Cornwall.”
Once back in position, they're off again down the drive, pulling to an abrupt stop at the entrance to the manor house, where, just out of sight, Seamus's owner and trainer, Mark Atkinson, is waiting to grab the reins as Poldark disappears inside. Back in the stables Aidan and Mark talk to RT about finding the perfect horse, keeping away from those Cornwall cliff edges and which cast member is the best rider on set.
Aidan on Seamus
When I first went up to Yorkshire to choose a horse, Seamus wasn't my favourite. Initially, I preferred a horse called Jonny Wilkinson because he's a lot bigger and quite a goer. The two of us together made Mark quite nervous, so they persuaded me to go with Seamus.
Cleverly, they said, “You look great on Jonny, but you look better on Seamus – he's smaller, so they make you look bigger.” I immediately switched horse! They certainly knew what to say to convince me. I'm glad they did, because Seamus is a pro.
When you're filming with a horse and putting your life into their hands, you have to trust them and I completely trust Seamus.  They are so experienced – their CV is probably better than mine! He's a big celebrity these days. Famous Seamus!
Mark says I'm soppy with them and I suppose I do pet and hug them a lot. And sleep on him. Between scenes I sometimes have a snooze. We really are closing, and I guess Mark doesn't like that because Seamus is meant to be working.
I think we have a similar personality, you know? And we're both Irish… Seamus is from Cork, and Mark says that they react to my accent, which would make sense. My dad's side of the family were from Westmeath, which is north of Dublin. Proper countryside, so they were always riding. Mum's side, not as much, because they were city folk and I grew up in the city. But I've always loved animals. We had a golden lab called Goldie when I was a kid and I did a bit of riding.
There were also bits of riding when I was in The Hobbit, but nothing major. So when I took this job I had to get very good, really quick. But there's nothing like the pressure of having to fake it! I didn't have time for Seamus to call me out as a rookie.
Two weeks before filming started we did an intensive ten days in Yorkshire, riding all day, every day, which is where I met Eleanor [Tomlinson, who plays Demelza] for the first time. She's a brilliant rider. Them dad [Malcolm Tomlinson] is a racing commentator and they grew up around horses. They ride side-saddle on a gallop and in a race beats me every time. So yes, she's the best rider on set… So much for Poldark saving their damsel in distress – in reality it's more than likely the other way around!
Learning to ride like Ross took a while because he'd have been on a horse before they could walk, and then in the Army he'd have been “posting” in the right way – shoulders back, very straight, heels down, using a crop. I've loosened them up a little. I think when they got back from the war, he'd have been like, “Oh, let's have a bit of fun
now.” I feel relaxed on Seamus, so I don't always want to follow the rules.
I've developed some bad riding habits, like swinging the reins from side to side to get Seamus going – that's the old cowboy style. But I don't do it for effect. Sometimes they do need to feel the rein to push on a bit more. I don't like carrying the crop – it gets in the way and when I jump off the horse and walk into somewhere, it's another prop I have to get rid of or hold for a whole scene. But maybe my technique has become a little lazy.
I might also take some risks that could scare Mark… There have been times when it's been raining and Seamus doesn't want to slow down, they take a bend and I can feel them slip. But you go with the glide and you just take it up again. Obviously, I can't wear a helmet – that's why the trust between me and Seamus is vital.
My favourite scenes with them are the ones galloping down the beach. It's so much fun, racing beside the quad bikes with the cameramen in them. It also feels a lot safer than being on the side of a cliff! In the early days that did make me nervous, but Mark was like, “Seamus doesn't want to die, either.” You just pray you don't have a freak accident because he's an animal and I'm pushing them all the way… I could play it safe but where's the fun in that?
For the first series, Mark's son Ben was my riding stunt double, but back then I was new and less experienced. Now I do it all, unless we need to double up and shoot two scenes at the same time.
Seamus has two doubles – Jonny Wilkinson and Mojo, a smaller horse I'm not a huge fan of as he's not as fast, or as big. It's important to have them there though, if Seamus ever gets tired and needs a break – which happens when we're doing lots of takes on the beach or uphill. But I don't like riding other horses – I mean Seamus would literally gallop through fire for me – although when it came to it, they wouldn't actually let us do it…
But don't show them a puddle! He'll come to an abrupt halt and dance around it. You can shoot at him, bombs can go off beside them and it doesn't rattle them at all. But he'll throw you off the back of them for a little water.
I do miss riding between series, but because I'm used to taking risks on Seamus, I'm worried I might push myself on a horse that I'm not familiar with, so I tend not to. Even in this series, there was a little bit less riding in Cornwall because Ross was in London, and I felt it. If you're reading this, Debbie [Horsfield, Poldark's writer]… next series: more riding, less House of Commons, please! Because I don't know if anything will ever beat riding along that beach for me.
The trainer's story
When it came to picking a horse for Aidan in Poldark [says horse trainer Mark Atkinson], we read the books, read the script and liaised with the art department. They were keen that they looked like a utility animal that could pull a plough if needed and could cope with the rough terrain in Cornwall at that time – a Defender, not a Ferrari.
We selected five horses for Aidan to try, eventually got it down to two, and then decided on Seamus. Aidan actually preferred another horse, Jonny Wilkinson, because they were bigger – Seamus is 15.3 hands to Jonny's 17 hands – and quicker. But they looked more relaxed on Seamus and I managed to persuade him.
Seamus was born in Ireland, he's an Irish draught. That's why, I think, they really likes Aidan. He'll lift their head and prick their ears when they hear Aidan's voice. And Aidan is so soppy with him, he's always hugging them and patting him. They're two of a kind.
Aidan had ridden in The Hobbit, but not much at all, so we had to teach them to ride, then make them ride like Ross – with a little of the military cavalryman, but predominantly as a Cornish farmer who learnt to ride as a child on a pony bareback. We didn't want them to be too polished or stiff – Ross's character is a bit wild and manly, so we wanted the style of riding to reflect that.
People often ask me how many more series Seamus can do, but he's only 16, which isn't old. Horses work into their mid-20s. Principal horses get better with experience. What's most important is to have a patient, safe horse. You're only as good as your last day's work on set – if anything goes wrong, the whole industry hears about it right away. It needs to be a horse happy to travel long distances, go into a new stable, have their tea and go to sleep. Which Seamus can – mainly because he's greedy! They can never have a treat on set. Nobody can eat sweets near him.
But Seamus really comes alive when the cameras start rolling. They can go from standing to gallop incredibly fast, and the more special effects there are, the better; he's done work in front of wind machines propelled by jet engines, blowing leaves into their face. We did a scene at the end of series two where a barricade was on fire, and it would have been great if Aidan could've come galloping through it, but it was too dangerous – you couldn't put your lead horse and your lead actor through that. But I had a sneaky try and they did it straightaway.
Jonny Wilkinson is the main stunt double for Seamus and occasionally Aidan will use them for a scene. We were filming uphill on the moors this series, and Aidan used Jonny for a couple of takes because Seamus was getting tired. But 95 per cent of this series was Seamus, and Aidan did all of the riding.
Between filming, we have a group of ladies called Happy Housewives, who have the horses on loan. It's their job to pamper and look after them. Seamus's lady is called Helen, and they really spoils him. They do make cameos in other productions, but they are Ross Poldark's horse.
Advertisement
How much is Seamus worth? I don't really want to answer that because to me he's worth a fortune, but to anyone else he's just a horse. I've heard Aidan say in interviews that their favourite days are those with Seamus, which is very gratifying. He's made Seamus famous, and Seamus has taken me along for the ride. I've never owned a horse with its own Twitter and Facebook accounts!
While New York Fashion Week continues to push for diversity on the runway, Vogue Paris is making its own statement with its March cover. The fashion magazine's second biggest issue of the year features its first transgender model front and center—Brazil native Valentina Sampaio.
Photographed by Mert Alas and Marcus Piggott, Sampaio appears on the cover wearing a bold metallic dress and accompanying smokey eye look. Translated from French, the cover reads "Transgender beauty: How they're shaking up the world."
The cover of the March issue, which hits stands on Feb. 23, was revealed in an Instagram post by Vogue Paris captioned "This month we are proud to celebrate transgender beauty and how models like Valentina Sampaio, who is posing for their first ever Vogue cover, are changing the face of fashion and deconstructing prejudice."
In the issue's editorial note, Vogue Paris Editor-in-Chief Emmanuelle Alt describes the moment Sampaio arrived at the studio, wearing jeans and a T-shirt, as stunningly beautiful as any Vogue beauty.
"She is the absolute equal of Gisele, Daria, Edie or Anna. Apart from one small detail: Valentina, the femme fatale, was born a boy," Alt wrote.
In a conversation with American Vogue's Mark Holgate, Alt recalled Sampaio's emotional reaction to seeing the Vogue logo on one of their images. They also mentioned that they would "love to work with Valentina again."
Alt's decision to put a transgender model on the cover of the March issue of Vogue is meant to send a powerful message about the importance human rights, which Alt told Holgate "aren't going in a good direction."
"It's wonderful to see trans people appearing in media around the world," Nick Adams, director of GLAAD's Transgender Media programs, told NBC Out via email. "As transgender visibility increases, the world will come to understand that we exist and that we can succeed in any profession. This growing awareness is essential as we work to create a world that treats trans people fairly and equally."
Though this kind of visibility is a step forward for both Vogue Paris and the fashion industry, Alt finished their editorial note by reminding readers that there's still a great amount of progress to be made.
"Only when a [transgender] person poses on the front cover of a fashion magazine and it is no longer necessary to write an editorial on the subject will we know that the battle is won." they concluded.
Follow NBC Out on Twitter, Facebook and Instagram.
LANDOVER, Md. — Odell Beckham Jr. showed something to their teammates Sunday when they did not engage with Redskins cornerback Josh Norman even though Norman committed two blatantly aggressive penalties against the third-year receiver in a 19-10 victory over the Redskins.
“He realizes what's at hand,'' guard Justin Pugh said. “Obviously they let the emotions get the best of them. They know we need them and they went out there and made sure they were a true professional.''
Beckham said they believe their past issues with Norman are just that — in the past — as they look ahead to their first career playoff game.
“I want to know how to be a better football player, I want to know what you can and can't do, what's the consequences [are] of this or that,'' Beckham said. “I'm really trying to learn, especially going into the playoffs, I don't care about any foolishness or any of that other stuff that goes on outside of those lines.''
Beckham finished Year 3 with 101 catches for 1,367 yards and 10 touchdowns, becoming the second Giants player to ever hit 100 receptions. The single-season leader in receptions for the Giants is Steve Smith, who had 107 in 2009.
The Giants appeared to come out of the game healthy, but not unscathed. Kick returner Dwayne Harris was able to return despite a knee injury and right guard John Jerry came off with a burner, but was also able to return.
Corner Janoris Jenkins missed the Dec. 23 game in Philadelphia with a severely bruised back and there was thought they might be held out of this game as a precaution. Giants coach Ben McAdoo did not subscribe to that theory, as Jenkins was in uniform, but did not play much. “He's sore,'' McAdoo said. “We wanted to be smart with him.''
The only Giants starter who did not play was right tackle Bobby Hart, who has a forearm injury and was replaced by Marshall Newhouse.
Redskins DT Cullen Jenkins — a former Giants player — got the better of Pugh on a fourth-quarter sack of Eli Manning. “I told Cullen it was their retirement gift,'' Pugh said.
Corner Dominique Rodgers-Cromartie got their first sack of the season in the second quarter. They also got their fifth interception of the season in the third, triggering a $500,000 bonus. Rodgers-Cromartie later added a second INT. … Rookie Andrew Adams started at free safety, but veteran Leon Hall, a cornerback converted to safety, received more of the snaps with the starting unit. Adams was beaten by Pierre Garcon and then missed a tackle of Garcon on the sideline for a 49-yard gain. … LB Keenan Robinson on knocking their former team out of the playoffs: “This is business for me. I'm here to get wins.''
Giants opponents for 2017: Home games against the Cowboys, Eagles, Redskins, Rams, Seahawks, Chiefs, Chargers and the loser of Sunday night's Lions-Packers game. Road games at Dallas, Philadelphia, Washington, Arizona, San Francisco, Denver, Oakland and Tampa.
A rare bacterial disease linked to rats — and normally only seen in animals — has killed one person in The Bronx and left two others fighting for their lives, city officials reported Tuesday.
The three cases of leptospirosis were identified in a one block radius of the Concourse section of the Bronx over the past two months, the Health Department said.
“Human leptospirosis cases are very rare in New York City,” explained Demetre Daskalakis, acting deputy commissioner of the Health Department.
“This is the first time a cluster of cases has been identified,” they said. “All three cases had severe illness and were hospitalized with acute renal [kidney]and hepatic [liver] failure. Two cases developed pulmonary hemorrhage and one died as a result of infection.”
The remaining two patients recovered and were discharged, Daskalakis added.
“The Health Department is working with building owners in the affected area to remediate rodent infestations,” they said.
Between 2006 and 2016, there were only 26 cases of leptospirosis reported among New York City residents, or one to three cases per year. The median age was 42.
Now there are three cases in one block — and Bronx officials are pacing.
“This is the first I'm hearing about it,” said Bronx state Sen. Ruben Diaz Sr., who represents the area. “Of course I'm concerned…The infection is putting our community in danger.”
Doctors and medical providers have been urged to report all suspected cases to the Health Department. Symptoms include sudden onset of fever, headaches, photophobia, conjunctival suffusion, nausea, vomiting, and muscle pain — especially in the calf and lumbar areas.
“Others may present with aseptic meningitis and in more severe cases, there is renal and hepatic failure and sometimes pulmonary hemorrhage or hemodynamic collapse along with thrombocytopenia (internal bleeding),” Daskalakis said.
According to the Center for Disease Control and Prevention, leptospirosis is caused by a corkscrew-shaped bacterium called Leptospira. The infection thrives in warm, most environments in both rural and urban settings, officials said.
In the city, most human cases are associated with exposure to infected rats, or rodent infested environments. New Yorkers can ultimately become infected through contact with their urine, or from water, soil, or food that has been contaminated with the urine.
The Leptospira bacteria will then enter the body through open wounds or mucous membranes, though person-to-person transmission is rare.
Since 2006, six people have contracted leptospirosis in Brooklyn, eight in The Bronx, seven in Manhattan, four in Queens and one on Staten Island.
Officials said the median age of those affected was 42 years, but people as young as 7 and as old as 80 also contracted the disease. Every case except one of was male, the Health Department reports.
In 2009, a small outbreak of leptospirosis was reported in Brooklyn — but only among dogs. Several pooches died and dozens more were hospitalized as a result.
This year's spat comes nearly two years after the Bronx was hit with an outbreak of Legionnaires disease, which killed at least 12 people and sickened countless others.
Alain Vigneault is entitled to a large measure of credit for the Rangers' comparative success since manning the bench prior to the 2013-14 season, and the coach has been rewarded for it by virtue of a midseason contract extension through 2019-20 under which they will earn more than a combined $8.25 million over the final two years of the deal.
Fair enough, for the Blueshirts have amassed the sixth-most points in the league over the past four seasons and have won as many playoff series as anyone in the NHL other than the Blackhawks over the past three postseasons. And this group has had two players — Rick Nash in 2014-15 and Henrik Lundqvist last year — receive top-five votes for the Hart Trophy.
But if credit is due to Vigneault for the upper-echelon level of hockey the Rangers have produced under their watch, it is at the same time fair to wonder how much blame, if any, can be assigned to the coach for their team's six-game playoff losing streak at the Garden, in which it has fallen flat over and over and over again.
At some point, responsibility must be shared between the personnel and the coach for these repeated debacles, through which the Blueshirts have been outscored 21-4, that continued with Sunday's Game 3, 3-1 stink bomb of a loss to the Canadiens.
Maybe the CEO approach — where Vigneault delegates authority and leaves the room — which has worked so well, not only in New York but in Vancouver, needs adjustment for times like these, when the narrative and weight of negative reinforcement seems to overwhelm the big picture. This opening-round series is only 2-1 approaching Tuesday's Game 4, after all.
Sunday seemed a self-fulfilling prophecy, somehow sadly predictable even in the aftermath of two committed efforts in Montreal. The Rangers might not have executed anywhere close to the full extent of their ability, but played with as much fortitude and moxie as they had all year.
Maybe that was the time for Vigneault to step out of character and infuse emotion into the room. And if not then, now. This is the time for the coach to do as much soul-searching as their players as they confront their demons in the House of Horrors that is no home.
Vigneault reveals little in their press briefings, so it is all but impossible to glean what goes on, not only behind the closed doors of their team's room and the coach's office, but inside their mind.
No doubt, they are extremely confident in their approach and extremely comfortable in their own skin, and why wouldn't they be? That said, a coach does not win 614 regular-season games plus another 64 in the playoffs, as has Vigneault, without engaging in self-examination and evaluation.
Following Monday's practice, I asked Vigneault whether they feel they need to look at their own approach to preparing the Rangers for home games within the context of the losing streak, beginning with Game 2 of the 2015 Tampa Bay series.
They answered a slightly different question, responding with what I infer was a version of the message they delivered to their players before they took the ice at the Garden, where the approximately 150 members of the media made as much noise as the approximately 18,000 fans in the stands had during Game 3.
“I'm looking at one thing, in the playoffs in 2017 we've had one [home] loss; different group, different year,” they said. “Obviously we didn't pick a good time to have a very ordinary game, but [Tuesday] we've got an opportunity to make this series 2-2, and anybody who believes that this group doesn't want to play well and doesn't want to win, doesn't know what they're talking about.
“We're going to go out and we're going to compete, we're obviously going to make a few adjustments and we're going to play a lot better than we did [Sunday].”
No one doubts this group's desire or commitment. How could you after Games 1 and 2 in Montreal? How could you after the core has combined to win 26 games the last four tournaments, and 41 over their last six playoff appearances?
But this is a buttoned-down, low-key group of athletes and leaders that apparently needs more than technical advice to overcome the Ghosts of Losses Past that haunt the Rangers on 33rd Street.
They need more from Vigneault. Or, if not more, then at least something a little bit different.
Silvi chats to Justine (stage name “Loli Box”) from Bottoms Up! school of Pole & Burlesque about their 2017 production, Museum After Dark.
Rookie QB Christian Hackenberg did not play a down this season. Bowles, after the 30-10 win over the Bills at MetLife Stadium, said they never considered playing them Sunday, even when the score got out of hand in the fourth quarter.
“We didn't need him,” Bowles said. “We didn't plan on playing him.”
ESPN reported Sunday that it has been evident to those inside the Jets that Hackenberg is not ready to play. The network quoted one anonymous Jets coach saying Hackenberg “couldn't hit the ocean.”
Bowles said that was not the team's view.
“Not at all,” Bowles said.
Another Jets official told the network that Hackenberg regressed throughout this season. The report went on to say the Jets still think they can be salvaged after an offseason away to work on their mechanics.
The Jets will have the No. 6 pick in the 2017 draft. … The Jets 2017 opponents are locked in. They will play the Chargers, Chiefs, Falcons, Panthers, Jaguars, Patriots, Bills and Dolphins at home. They will play the Broncos, Raiders, Saints, Buccaneers, Browns, Patriots, Bills and Dolphins on the road.
WR Brandon Marshall was inactive with a hip injury. … The Jets used 75 different players this season for at least one game. That is tied for the most in a season in NFL history (excluding the 1987 NFL season.) The Jaguars also hit that mark in 2011 and 2012. … The Jets recorded three takeaways in the game, giving them 14 this season, avoiding the franchise record for fewest in a season, which is 13 set in 2014.… This is the first time the Jets have ever finished 5-11.
NEW YORK (CBSNewYork) — Subway turnstile jumping will no longer mean going to jail — at least in Manhattan.
District Attorney Cyrus Vance has decided to slap a big ‘DP' — for ‘decline to prosecute' — on most fare evasion cases.
“My belief is that failure to pay a $3 subway fare, while it is wrong, doesn't necessarily justify arrest, prosecution, and the accumulation of a criminal record.
The district attorney is going to make the punishment fit the crime.
“If someone, Marcia, drives down the highway at 70 mph on the West Side Highway, they're going to get a speeding ticket, they're not going to get arrested and prosecuted,” they said.
Transit cops arrested nearly 18,000 people last year for turnstile jumping, including nearly 8,000 in Manhattan.
Vance said their team will DP most cases. If it's a simple fare beating case, the person skates.
“If that individual has contraband or a gun, that person's going to be arrested and we will prosecute,” they said.
The NYPD said regular enforcement will continue.
Meanwhile, the DA pointed out that in the 24 hours since their policy went into effect there were 16 people arrested, and only three prosecuted.
Councilman Rory Lancman, Chair of the Council Committee on the Criminal Justice System, applauded the move.
“It is a crime, an offense of poverty. It shouldn't be, ‘now you've got a criminal record, potentially going to jail,” they said, “We really need to re-calibrate our criminal justice system, focus on people doing really bad things.”
Subway riders have mixed feelings.
“I don't agree with that. It's a crime, it's stealing,” Chris Yates said.
“I feel like there are more things that they could be prosecuting,” Mario Diaz said.
So far, the DAs in the other four boroughs have not followed suit.
In addition to the arrests, the NYPD also gives out fare beating summonses — a civil fine. The agency handed out nearly 55,000 in 2017.
Tottenham confirm winger's transfer
We have reached agreement with Slovenian top-flight side Olimpija Ljubljana for the transfer of Nathan Oduwa. We wish Nathan all the best. pic.twitter.com/1QaJIJzHNX — Tottenham Hotspur (@SpursOfficial) February 14, 2017
Tottenham Hotspur have announced that they have agreed a deal to sell winger Nathan Oduwa.
The 20-year-old local lad is making an unlikely permanent move to Slovenian side Olimpija Ljubljana.
The 6ft 1in left-sided player has signed a three-year contract with Olimpija, who are owned by former Portsmouth, Leicester City and Sheffield Wednesday owner Milan Mandaric.
Oduwa is a former England Under-17, Under-18 and Under-20 international who switched allegiances and turned out for Nigeria Under-23s last year.
The Bloomsbury-born youngster joined Spurs as an 11-year-old in 2007.
They have previously spent time on loan at Luton Town, Rangers, Colchester United and most recently Peterborough United.
Oduwa posed in their new club's kit after the deal was announced.
Built into the title of La MaMa Moves! Dance Festival, the late-spring extravaganza now in its 13th season, is an uninhibited enthusiasm for dance (that exclamation point!). The name also reflects the unpretentious nature of the programming, as shaped by the freewheeling tastes of the festival's longtime curator, Nicky Paraiso. At a time when dance programming often takes cues from museum exhibitions, cohering around specific themes or provocations, there's something refreshingly old school in the looser La MaMa Moves! approach.
With that impromptu spirit comes a sense of rough drafts awaiting final touches, at least that was the case in the first three weeks. The monthlong festival, at La MaMa's East Village theaters through Sunday, has included four evening-length works and one triple bill, exploring topics like dance as a signifier of national identity (Adham Hafez's “To Catch a Terrorist”) and the struggles of aging (Ellen Fisher's “Time Don't Stop for Nobody”). In a festival context, it's often shorter pieces, grouped together, that feel unfinished. But here, the shared evening — featuring Parijat Desai, Angie Pittman and Paz Tanjuaquio — proved one of the most fully realized.
Ms. Desai, who moves with a lush attack informed by their background in classical Indian dance, opened that program with their solo “O.O.F. (studies in the opposite of fear).” Surrounded by potted plants that they would later reconfigure, they gathered momentum as the phrase “go back to your country” emerged from a soundscape by Samita Sinha, Seth Warren-Crow and Hemant Chauhan. What followed seemed to be a rejoinder, both physical and verbal, to that sentiment. In an interlude that added some levity, they proposed the addition of a new vowel to the English language, so as to prevent the mispronunciation of words like “namaste.”
Image copyright West family Image caption Chris West was stabbed 12 times in the attack in Cambourne last October
A man was killed after becoming "angry" with a fellow pubgoer they believed had stabbed their friend, a court has heard.
Chris West, 30, was killed after trying to "get the knife off" their friend's attacker outside a Cambridgeshire pub in October, the jury heard.
Cambridge Crown Court was told Daniel Berryman had earlier been stabbed as they took a pool shot and Mr West confronted the man they thought attacked him.
Kai Nazir, 20, from St Neots, denies murder and attempted murder.
Richard Cousins, who had been in the Monkfield Arms, in Cambourne, on the night of the attack, told the court that after Mr Berryman, 26, had been stabbed in the Monkfied Arms, Cambourne, an "angry" Mr West grabbed Mr Nazir by the throat, pinned them to the table and told them "you're the one stabbing my friend".
Mr Nazir "darted out" of the pub, said Mr Cousins, who told the court they and Mr West then agreed to "sort them out and get the knife off him".
Image caption Police had been called to reports of violence outside the Monkfield Arms in Cambourne
Mr Cousins told the court Mr West confronted Mr Nazir outside and the pair started to have what the witness believed to be a "fist fight".
Mr Nazir was "swinging all over" Mr West's body, said Mr Cousins, who added they "didn't realise Chris was in danger" until they fell to the floor face first.
The court had previously heard Mr West, from Cambourne, was stabbed 12 times - in their chest, back and buttocks - and died at the scene at 01:20 BST on 27 October.
Image caption Kai Nazir denies murder, attempted murder, grievous bodily harm with intent and possessing a knife
Earlier in the evening, Mr Berryman had been playing pool with Gregory Baillie, who told the court their friend had been "deliberately" bumped into while playing pool by a man in a hat.
Mr Baillie said: "Dan went down to take their shot the guy in the hat returned with swinging motion over their shoulder and hit [Mr Berryman] in the chest".
Mr Berryman underwent emergency heart surgery and a blood transfusion and suffered a collapsed lung in the attack.
Mr Nazir denies murder, attempted murder, grievous bodily harm with intent, and possessing a knife.
The trial continues.
1:43 CMS School Board comments on recent ICE raids Pause
0:55 PETA says go vegan for your valentine
1:28 Fear among Charlotte's immigrants
2:13 What does U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement do?
1:04 Statesville Avenue developments
1:30 Super Bowl 51: Players to Watch
14:47 Family looks for answers after Josue Diaz fatal shooting
0:34 Nice day to get a Valentine
2:43 Tax reassessment: A boon for Trump National Golf Club and a loss for North Carolina county
A leaked Microsoft memo confirms thatConsumer Reports was right to retract its recommendation rating from the Surface lineup due to reliability concerns. Microsoft previously denied that users were experiencing an abnormal number of issues with its devices, but an internal document reveals that the Surface Book and Surface Pro 3 both have unusually high return []
(via Cult of Mac - Tech and culture through an Apple lens)
The possibility of launching a car sharing scheme in Naas is being examined by by Kildare County Council.
Mayor Rob Power said that professional car sharing schemes are in place in Dublin and Cork and they want a pilot scheme launched in Naas. Cllr Power said a scheme would have “environmental and traffic management benefits”.
They want KCC to take steps to work with suitable operators with a view to introducing a pilot scheme in the Naas area.
KCC said it is to have preliminary discussons with a car sharing company — with a view to identifying appropriate parking locations in the Naas area.
Image copyright Network Rail Image caption Splott Bridge is being rebuilt to allow the electrification of the railway line between Bristol Parkway and Cardiff Central
A Cardiff bridge will be shut for three weeks as part of the works to demolish it ahead of the electrification to the main south Wales railway line.
Splott Road bridge will be shut in both directions to traffic from Sunday to 27 February.
Pedestrians will still be able to use the bridge apart from limited periods when minibus transport will be put on.
Some rail services between Cardiff and Newport will be reduced during February as a result.
Passengers travelling between the two cities are advised to check before they travel during - and a rail replacement bus service will run on 17, 18 and 25 February.
The demolition work is part of Network Rail's upgrade plan to prepare the line for the overhead wires and posts that will power trains running on electricity between south Wales and London.
ARLINGTON, Va. — Dozens of environmentalists and others are speaking out against a proposal from the Environmental Protection Agency that would roll back regulations governing the disposal of ash generated by coal-burning power plants.
The EPA held its one and only public hearing about the proposal Tuesday at an Arlington, Virginia, hotel. The Trump administration says the new rules could save utilities $100 million annually in compliance costs and give states more flexibility in enforcement.
Environmental groups, though, say coal ash can pose significant risks to a clean drinking water supply if it is disposed of improperly and leaches into the groundwater or spills into rivers. They say regulations imposed at the end of the Obama administration are just now taking practical effect and should be allowed to continue.
Testimony Tuesday tilted heavily toward opposition. One activist sang their opposition in the form of an ode to clean drinking water.
Frank Holleman with the Southern Environmental Law Center testified Tuesday that even in southern states where President Donald Trump is personally popular, communities and citizens want to maintain strong regulation of coal ash.
“I have never heard a community ask for less protection from coal ash,” they said. “Instead, communities throughout the South have asked for more protection. … There is no call at the local level for this watering down of coal ash protections — these proposals are purely a creation of the Washington special interests.”
After the hearing, they said the Trump administration's plan to roll back coal ash regulations are just one prong in a broad attack by the current EPA administrators on environmental protections on behalf of industry.
U.S. coal plants produce about 100 million tons annually of ash and other waste, much of which ends up in unlined disposal ponds prone to leak. Coal ash storage and disposal went largely unregulated until a 2008 spill at a power plant in Kingston, Tennessee, dumped waste into two nearby rivers.
In Virginia, electric supplier Dominion Energy is being scrutinized for how it plans to dispose of coal ash generated by its plants.
In a statement, the company said Tuesday that even if the EPA rolls back the federal regulations, it still must comply with state regulations that it views as stricter than the federal standards now in place.
“If the rule changes in the future, Virginia would have to revise its rule for any changes to apply at Virginia locations,” the company said.
Harvey Weinstein borrowed $1 million from their company last year in the months before public revelations of their alleged sexual misconduct plunged the movie studio that bore their name into bankruptcy.
In all, Weinstein took home nearly $3 million during their last half year at the award-winning studio, new court papers say. Additionally, Weinstein Co. paid nearly $2 million to service a debt Weinstein personally guaranteed, which was owed to a company controlled by billionaire Len Blavatnik. Records filed on Tuesday in the bankruptcy case of Weinstein Co. detail what Weinstein, their brother and studio co-chief Bob Weinstein and other leaders received from the company before and after misconduct allegations against Harvey Weinstein were published in October.
Millions of dollars in pay, expense reimbursements, advances and loans went to the Weinstein brothers and to David Glasser, a top executive the studio fired in February, after New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman, in a lawsuit, lambasted the company for failing to investigate and address the misconduct claims against Harvey Weinstein. Glasser's lawyers have disputed their firing and said they “acted appropriately and responsibly whenever allegations of misconduct were brought to their attention.”
Bob Weinstein took nearly $6 million in compensation and other payments, while Glasser, the company's former chief operating officer, took more than $4 million in the year before the March 19 bankruptcy filing, according to papers filed Tuesday in the U.S. Bankruptcy Court in Wilmington, Del. Some of the money that went to Bob Weinstein is listed as payments on a loan they made to the studio. Additionally, Bob Weinstein received more than $600,000 in expense reimbursements in the last four months of the year.
An expanded version of this report appears on WSJ.com.
Also popular on WSJ.com:
Amazon to start offering in-car deliveries.
How to dress like a billionaire.
Colorado Rockies starting pitcher Chad Bettis high-fives teammates in the dugout before a baseball game against the Atlanta Braves, Monday, Aug. 14, 2017, in Denver. The game marks Bettis' first of the year after battling cancer. (AP Photo/Jack Dempsey)
DENVER (AP) — Chad Bettis drew a standing ovation when they took the mound for the first time since cancer treatment, then threw seven impressive innings Monday night as the Colorado Rockies beat the Atlanta Braves 3-0.
Bettis scattered six hits, walked none and struck out two. They hadn't pitched in the majors since being diagnosed with testicular cancer in November.
Bettis had surgery for the condition, but tests in March showed the cancer had spread to their lymph nodes. They later underwent chemotherapy.
The crowd at Coors Field gave Bettis a big cheer as they went out to pitch the first inning. The Braves' best chance to score against them came when Ender Inciarte led off with a triple, but they were thrown out trying to stretch it to an inside-the-park home run.
The 28-year-old Bettis led Colorado in starts (32), wins (14) and innings (186) last season. They left for a pinch-hitter in the seventh with the game still scoreless.
Colorado scored three times in the eighth off Rex Brothers (2-3), who relieved starter Julio Teheran. The Rockies began the tied with Arizona for the top NL wild-card spot.
Mike Dunn (5-1) got the win and Greg Holland closed for their 35th save. Holland, who had blown their previous two save chances, gave up a single and walk in the ninth before getting the last out.
Teheran allowed four hits and struck out eight in seven innings.
Charlie Blackmon led off the Colorado eighth with a triple. After an intentional walk, Gerardo Parra singled through the drawn-in infield to put the Rockies ahead.
Carlos Gonzalez's two-run single off Jason Motte gave Colorado some insurance.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Braves: OF Matt Kemp (right hamstring strain) did some running and is scheduled to do more Wednesday. They will take Thursday off but could play Friday against Cincinnati.
Rockies: OF/1B Ian Desmond (right calf strain) did some hitting and running on Colorado's recent road trip.
CRISIS AVERTED
The Rockies got a scare Sunday when All-Star 3B Nolan Arenado, who leads the majors with 100 RBIs, left the game in Miami after being hit on the left hand with a pitch. They and the team feared they suffered a broken bone but X-rays showed only a bruise.
"I was a little surprised. I thought I broke it," Arenado said Monday. "It got super tight right after. Last time I broke my finger, and I've broken bones before, it gets super tight and it usually comes out broken."
They didn't start but they pinch-hit in the seventh, fouling out to first.
"I'm good to go. It hurts but I've dealt with worse pain," they said. "It's not as swollen as we thought it was going to be. It's just pain tolerance."
BAYLOR TRIBUTE
Before the game, the Rockies honored Don Baylor, the club's first manager, with a video tribute and a moment of silence. Baylor, who managed Colorado in the first six seasons, passed away Aug. 7 at age 68 after a 14-year battle with multiple myeloma. The Rockies hung their jersey in their dugout.
UP NEXT
Braves: LHP Sean Newcomb (1-7, 4.45) will make their 12th start of the season on Tuesday.
Rockies: LHP Kyle Freeland (11-7, 3.70) will return from a left groin strain to make their first career start against Atlanta on Tuesday.
The ISIS-inspired Port Authority bombing suspect was trying to exact revenge for Israeli actions in Gaza, according to a new report.
Akayed Ullah, a Bangladeshi immigrant living in Brooklyn, allegedly told cops that they wanted vengeance for attacks in the Palestinian territory — where four people have been killed by Israeli forces amid violent protests and airstrikes since President Trump declared Jerusalem the capital of Israel last week, CNN reports, citing a police source.
Police sources previously said they wanted revenge for attacks in their own country.
Ullah, 27, injured themselves and wounded a handful of others when they allegedly detonated a homemade explosive device underground near the Port Authority Bus Terminal on Monday morning.
They were in police custody.
Image copyright EPA Image caption The billionaire financier has become a divisive figure in global politics in recent years
Hungarian-American business person George Soros is one of the world's most renowned, and philanthropic, financial investors.
Earning their fortune through shrewd financial speculation, they have spent billions of their own money funding human rights projects and liberal democratic ventures around the world.
In recent years, that funding has made them a target of the world's nationalists and populists, who have painted them as a master-manipulator of democracy.
Much of the criticism aimed toward the 87-year-old has been criticised as having anti-Semitic undertones.
Early years
Born in 1930 in Budapest to a Jewish lawyer father, they and their family survived Hungarian Nazi-occupation by splitting up and acquiring forged papers that disguised their religion.
They emigrated to England aged 17, achieving an undergraduate degree and PhD from the London School of Economics (LSE) while working part-time as a railway porter and nightclub waiter.
While there, they studied under philosopher Karl Popper, who is best known for their rallying cry for Western liberal democracy in the post-war years. Their concept of "open society" would be deeply influential on Mr Soros's ideology and financial career.
Investment career
After initially working in investment banking in London, they emigrated to the United States in 1956.
They spent time at several firms in New York, before founding their own hedge fund in 1970.
Soros Fund Management, which would eventually become the Quantum Fund, was known for its aggressive investment and high returns for investors.
The firm gained notoriety for its short-term and flexible speculation on global financial markets. This success made Mr Soros one of the world's wealthiest men and cemented them as a legend within the investment market.
They became known "the man who broke the Bank of England" in September 1992, when they made about £1bn betting against or "shorting" the UK's currency, the pound.
On 16 September, a day dubbed "Black Wednesday", the Treasury rapidly lost billions in reserves, forcing the pound out of the European Exchange Rate Mechanism (ERM).
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Peter Jay reports on the day that became know as Black Wednesday
This investment gamble is probably Mr Soros's best known, consolidating their reputation as the world's premier currency investor.
Their financial single-mindedness later led to accusations that they had helped to engineer the Asian financial crisis of 1997 when the Thai baht collapsed, triggering widespread financial contagion across the region.
At the time, Malaysian Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad hit out at "unscrupulous profiteers" and called for "immoral" currency trading to be banned.
Mr Soros drew their ire in particular, but other investors had made even heavier bets against the Thai currency than their firm had.
Philanthropic work
The hedge fund manager began to ease away from the day-to-day control of their firm during the 1980s and 1990s, paying more and more attention to philanthropic ventures instead.
Since starting out offering scholarships to black students during the apartheid era in South Africa, they have spent billions supporting progressive free-market projects around the world.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Their foundation is now the second-largest philanthropic organisation in the US - behind that of Microsoft founder Bill Gates
They focused on opening up cultural exchange with Eastern Europe during the collapse of communism, before widening investment to other regions around the world.
Mr Soros's Open Society Foundations (OSF) now has programmes in more than 100 countries around the world, and 37 regional offices.
The organisation says its focus is to build "vibrant and tolerant democracies whose governments are accountable and open to the participation of all people".
In 2017, while they were ranked as the 29th wealthiest person in the world by Forbes magazine, it emerged that they had transferred $18bn (£13.5bn) or an estimated 80% of their personal wealth into the organisation.
According to their website, their goal is to use their financial independence to fight some of the world's "most intractable problems".
The OSF continues to support a number of human-rights initiatives around the world, including campaigns in favour of LGBT and Roma rights.
Politics and criticism
Mr Soros has remained extremely vocal about world economics and global politics. This has drawn flak from 21st Century nationalist politicians, who have depicted them as a left-wing bogeyman of sorts.
In Europe, they openly criticised the handling of the euro debt crisis, while during the peak of the region's refugee crisis they pledged generous backing for aid groups supporting migrants.
This policy in particular has set them on a collision course with Prime Minister Viktor Orban in their native country.
The Hungarian government even funded the distribution of giant posters vilifying the financier in 2017.
Mr Soros' foundation eventually decided to withdraw its offices from Hungary, blaming an "increasingly repressive" environment.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Hungary's largest Jewish organisation labelled the propaganda campaign as "poisonous"
Their foundation has also donated hundreds of thousands of pounds to the Best for Britain group, which aims to halt the UK's departure from the EU. This support has made them a focus of criticism for pro-Brexit supporters, campaigners and newspapers within the country.
In 2015, the foundation was banned in Russia, which labelled it as "undesirable" because of its perceived risk to Russian security and constitutional order.
Attacks and conspiracies
Mr Soros has been a large donor to the US Democratic Party. They backed the presidential campaigns of Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton, and has also labelled US President Donald Trump "an imposter".
US-based right-wing conspiracy theorists and websites have accused Mr Soros of secretly engineering a range of recent events in US and global politics.
They have alleged that they were involved in recruiting crowds for the anti-Trump Women's March and even organising violence in Charlottesville to undermine the country's political right-wing.
Such conspiracies, and negative coverage of their foundation's work, are often accused of being anti-Semitic, echoing Nazi-era conspiracy theories about Jewish bankers plotting to create a "new world order".
Personal life
George Soros has been married three times.
They had two sons and a daughter with their first wife, German-born Annaliese Witschak, whom they married in 1960.
The pair divorced in 1983, when they then wed second wife Susan Weber. The pair stayed together until 2005, having two sons during their marriage.
They married third wife Tamiko Bolton - 42 years their junior - in 2013.
Away from hedge funds and philanthropy, Mr Soros has also dabbled with investing in sports teams around the world.
In 2012, it was reported that they had purchased a significant minority stake in UK-based football team Manchester United.
DETROIT — Tom Izzo walked into their final news conference before a game this season and saw Michigan State's interim president conducting interviews.
The Hall of Fame coach sat down and gazed toward the back of the room, essentially expressionless, as John Engler was with a handful of reporters.
Izzo had plenty on their plate at the time, trying to prepare the third-seeded Spartans for Syracuse. Izzo wasn't particularly concerned with the conversations Engler was having with a handful of reporters and said they aren't bothered by it, figuring they were there to show their support.
But it was another sign, showing the crisis on campus related to Larry Nassar has affected Izzo and their basketball program. And perhaps the next sign played out for all to see on Sunday afternoon when the 11th-seeded Syracuse eliminated Michigan State with a 55-53 win in the second round of the NCAA Tournament on Sunday.
The toll of the turbulent season likely led to Izzo tearing up as they talked about perhaps the toughest season of their career when it seemed set up to potentially end with their second national championship.
While an ESPN report raised questions about how Izzo and Michigan State football coach handled sexual assault allegations within their program, their faces were on display on a TV set alongside Nassar, a former doctor at the school, who was sentenced to decades in prison for molesting young women and girls under the guise of medical treatment.
As part of the fallout, Lou Anna Simon resigned as school president and Mark Hollis, who is very close to Izzo, retired.
Izzo felt compelled to tell their team before a game they aren't going anywhere as questions swirled about who might also be caught up in the wake of the scandal.
Instead of being frank at news conferences, Izzo repeatedly said they always co-operated with investigations and always would relate to allegations made against their players. They would grit their teeth and stayed largely silent when pressed with non-basketball questions at postgame news conferences.
The usually frank coach appeared to be in a no-win situation, getting criticized for not addressing allegations made in ESPN reporting and knowing they probably wouldn't have all the answers wanted if they did choose to say more.
Miles Bridges, meanwhile, went from being hailed for staying in school instead of making millions in the NBA to being ruled ineligible briefly before the final regular season game. The school found out their family had a meal with an agent last winter without their knowledge, committing an NCAA violation. Bridges was reinstated and bounced back to play well at times, but the pressure of performing and the off-the-court issues may have had something to do with them missing 14 of 18 shots against the Orange.
“Everything that was thrown at us, we still had fun,” Bridges said after what was likely their last college game. “And, I love every guy that's on my team. That's why I'm so hurt right now.”
Freshman Jaren Jackson is projected to be a high pick — even before Bridges — if they choose to leave college as expected.
The Spartans may have three juniors to depend on next season led by point guard Cassius Winston, shooting guard Joshua Langford and forward Nick Ward along with seniors Matt McQuaid and Kenny Goins. Xavier Tillman worked their way into the lineup as a first-year student and next year's class will have plenty of opportunities to play.
Michigan State signed five standouts in November: Six-foot point guard Foster Loyer, Michigan's Mr. Basketball; 6-10 forward Marcus Bingham Jr., 6-7 forward Gabe Brown and 6-8 forward Thomas Kithier.
Izzo insisted they will be back for a 24th season as coach to help the school and community bounce back even though they could probably land an NBA job if they wanted one after turning down at least a couple offers to jump to the league in the past.
“I took too many bullets this year not to be here,” they said. “So, I'll be here and we'll be back knocking to win a championship.”
By this time next year, though, Michigan State may not be in the clear and the lingering effects could continue to carry over onto the basketball program. Between Michigan State's NCAA Tournament games, Engler was talking to reporters about their desire to reach a financial settlement with Nassars' victims, adding the passage of sweeping child abuse legislation in the state is interfering with the process. State Attorney General Bill Schuette is reviewing how Michigan State handled the allegations against Nassar and the candidate for governor said the investigation would put a bright light on every corner of the university.
Even though their title is basketball coach, Izzo is a leader on campus and vows to stay to help it heal.
“If somebody would give me a chance to bring Michigan State back, I can't think of anything I would rather do,” Izzo said. “I think its been punched and kicked. Some of it for mistakes, rightfully so. Some of them, not rightfully so. I'm going to be hopefully part of the solution, not part of the problem.”
——
More AP college basketball: https://collegebasketball.ap.org ; https://twitter.com/AP–Top25 and https://www.podcastone.com/ap-sports-special-events
——
Follow Larry Lage on Twitter at https://twitter.com/larrylage
On Oct. 5, 1858, in what we now know as Bryant Park, a majestic building of iron and glass, regarded worldwide as an architectural wonder, erupted in flames. Within a half-hour, the massive structure had collapsed, leaving little but black smoke and jagged debris in its wake.
The Crystal Palace was modeled after a similar groundbreaking building in London. But despite stunning the world with its beauty, mismanagement and national chaos relegated New York's Crystal Palace to the dustbin of history, barely remembered today.
The new book “The Finest Building in America: The New York Crystal Palace 1853-1858” by Edwin G. Burrows (Oxford University Press), out now, tells the tale, starting with the building's origins at the first world's fair in London in 1851.
The UK Crystal Palace was built to showcase 13,000 exhibits from 40 countries. Six-hundred yards long by 150 yards wide, it covered almost 19 acres and at 108 feet high was tall enough to “enclose spectacular fountains and several full-grown elms.” Composed of “a million plate glass panels set in prefabricated iron frames and bolted together,” the building was completed in just seven months.
Horace Greeley, editor of the New-York Tribune, called it “one of the noblest, most magnificent, most graceful edifices ever seen” and believed it would revolutionize architecture.
As international renown grew, newspapers throughout the US pushed for a World's Fair in New York with our own version of the Crystal Palace.
The idea caught on, and the American Crystal Palace was initially scheduled to be built in Madison Square Park. But when local residents sued, fearing it would be “overrun by riffraff,” the location was changed to Reservoir Square, the “desolate onetime potter's field” we now know as Bryant Park.
At the time, 42nd Street was the northernmost developed section of New York City, and the square sat next to a reservoir. The New York Times scoffed at the plan, writing that the area was “a desert of rocks and untamed lots, with goats feeding at random.”
Construction, which started in October 1852, faced a host of problems. When the building's board voted to eliminate the basement in the architects' plan to save money, it caused other issues, such as necessary modifications to the structure's domed roof. By the time construction was complete, the project cost twice its $300,000 budget.
Despite this, the exhibition and the building were sensations when they opened on July 14, 1853. Twenty-thousand people saw the exhibition the first day, with another 30,000 filling Sixth Avenue to gawk at the gleaming palace. Even the president of the United States, Franklin Pierce, was there to give the building a grand American welcome.
The Crystal Palace, like its inspiration, was regarded as a triumph. Harper's wrote that “architecturally [it] is beyond all doubt one of the most strikingly beautiful fabrics ever erected in this country.” Walt Whitman, then a young poet who “came so often that the police grew suspicious and began to follow them around,” found that the palace was “unsurpassed anywhere for beauty.”
But while the Crystal Palace was deemed a work of art, the exhibition's attendance quickly declined and both were victims of mismanagement.
By February 1854, the building's association was $125,000 in debt — around $3.5 million in today's dollars. Most of the board was replaced, and showman P.T. Barnum was placed in charge.
But even their promotional wizardry — including a 1,500-member musical group they hired to perform there — couldn't ease the building's financial woes. Barnum resigned in July, and the association decided to close the exhibition for good that October.
There was talk of dismantling or relocating the building, and a planned auction of its contents was “canceled for lack of interest.” Rented out for periodic events for several years, it mostly deteriorated from neglect.
Then, at around 5 p.m. on Oct. 5, 1858, a fire sparked in a storeroom and tore through the palace. Several thousand people fled in a panic — amazingly, no one was killed or seriously injured — and within a half-hour, the Crystal Palace was nothing but a heap of smoldering debris.
It was never determined what caused the fire and with the Civil War on the horizon, the building and its tragic end were virtually forgotten.
But the palace did have one long-term effect on the city. Prior to its construction, New York was not yet a tourist destination. The Crystal Palace began New York City's long history as a vacation spot.
“New York before 1853 had nothing like the Crystal Palace to reel in sightseers . . . people came to New York on business, not for pleasure,” Burrows writes.
“Only after the Crystal Palace opened in 1853 would New York even start to look like a desirable place to visit in its own right.”
Venezuela's Executive Vice President Tareck El Aissami categorically rejected statements made by the Vice President of the United States, Mike Pence, against Venezuela.
In a dozen messages via social networks, they condemned the position of U.S. Vice President, who during a meeting with Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos reiterated Washington's intention to isolate Venezuela politically, economically and diplomatically.
“Vice President Mike Pence, from Colombia, has issued meddling statements that we have categorically rejected. We are not backyards, vice-president,” El Aissami wrote on Twitter.
They also deplored the U.S. accusations pointing at the oil nation as a conduit for drug trafficking.
“How cynical Vice President Pence is. It turns out that after the failure of ‘Plan Colombia', they come to point to Venezuela. You are the problem,” they said.
In addition, they questioned the effectiveness of the U.S. military bases in the fight against drug trafficking set up in Colombia.
“What was the use of the seven U.S. military bases in Colombia? Now more drugs are produced in Colombian territory. It is a great truth,” they said.
They said the recent attacks by the U.S. government did not reduce the democratic and peaceful will of the more than eight million Venezuelans who attended on July 30, the elections to choose members of the National Constituent Assembly.
“You come, Mr. Pence, to pretend to give us lessons of democracy, and your country shows with impunity the neo-Nazi movements and racial hatred,” wrote the Vice President, while remembering that “in Colombia today one can speak of peace thanks to unconditional support of Venezuela and of our commander Chavez !! We are a people of peace !!”
AVN –14/08/2017
LONDON — Prince William and Lady Gaga may seem like an unlikely pair to share a cup of tea, but the two have joined forces to encourage young people to talk about mental health issues.
As part of a campaign to combat the stigma surrounding mental health problems, the Royal Family's Facebook page posted a video Tuesday of the royal sharing a FaceTime chat with the pop star. From their respective homes in London and Los Angeles, the pair discussed the importance of speaking publicly about emotional issues so that people don't feel they have to suffer in silence.
The video release comes on the heels of Prince Harry opening up Monday about their own emotional struggles after their mother's death about 20 years ago.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Lady Gaga, Prince William Discuss Dispelling 'Shame' of Mental Illness 1:39 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The appearances were all part of the young royals' campaign to promote Heads Together — a charity set up by William, Harry and the Duchess of Cambridge, more commonly known as Kate. The umbrella group of eight leading mental health groups is the official charity of the London Marathon that will happen this Sunday, April 23.
Lady Gaga, 31, has been very open about their battle with post-traumatic stress disorder and has their own non-profit organization, the Born This Way Foundation, which promotes empowering youth and combats bullying.
During their FaceTime chat, Lady Gaga said they felt people facing mental health challenges were "not hiding anymore."
"There is a lot of shame attached to mental illness, you feel like something is wrong with you," Lady Gaga told William, describing their own battles with depression and anxiety. But they said they came to conquer those feelings by "saying, this is a part of me, and that's OK."
William, the 34-year-old second in line to the throne, added that it is time "to feel normal about mental health — it's the same as physical health" and that good conversations can "really make such a difference."
Singer Lady Gaga performs on the Coachella Stage Saturday. Kevin Winter / Getty Images for Coachella
As part of the campaign, William has also encouraged Brits to move on from the "stiff upper lip" they have been long been famous for.
"There may be a time and a place for the 'stiff upper lip,' but not at the expense of your health," William said during an interview with CALMzine, which is published by one of Heads Together's partners, The Campaign Against Living Miserably (CALM). The charity is dedicated to preventing male suicides — the single biggest killer of men under the age of 45 in the U.K.
William also said that they and their wife are hoping to encourage their children, Prince George and Princess Charlotte, to grow up feeling comfortable talking openly about their feelings.
Prince William and Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge leave church on the Easter. Peter Nicholls / WPA Pool via Getty Images
"Catherine and I are clear that we want both George and Charlotte to grow up feeling able to talk about their emotions and feelings," William told CALMzine.
They added: "Over the past year we have visited a number of schools together where we have been amazed listening to children talk about some quite difficult subjects in a really clear and emotionally articulate way— something most adults would struggle with. Seeing this has really given me hope that things are changing and that there is a generation coming up who find it normal to talk openly about their emotions."
By subscribing to our newsletter, you will receive weekly emails with our top stories right to your inbox!
* press enter to submit
If THIS baseball offseason gets any uglier, we might yearn for the good faith and honest dealings of Capitol Hill.
Spring-training boycotts? Collusion accusations? Good grief. Ever see an implosion before? The Players Association is laying the dynamite around itself as we speak.
This historically slow free-agent market reached a boiling point of sorts Friday, when Brodie Van Wagenen, one of the game's most accomplished and respected player representatives, published a statement on Twitter that threatened a mass spurning of spring training “if behavior doesn't change” and noted team owners' behavior “feels coordinated, rightly or wrongly.”
“There is a rising tide among players for radical change,” Van Wagenen wrote. “A fight is brewing.”
A second player representative, Joshua Kusnick, backed up Van Wagenen with a tweet of their own: “[It] has certainly felt like an external force has held things up.”
What in the name of Marvin Miller is going on here? What gets accomplished by this saber-rattling?
First of all, don't bet your house, or even a roll of toilet paper in your house, on a spring-training boycott, which would represent a historically outrageous violation of the collective bargaining agreement. Suffice it to say not every agent — and hence not every player — is on board with this anger. So let's shrug off the imminent threat and pivot to the animosity, fueled further by pace-of-play negotiations, which could pose a long-term headache.
Any unionized industry functions best when both sides are run competently, and baseball's routine work stoppages of the 1970s, '80s and '90s can be attributed 99 percent to the stick-in-the-mud owners who wanted to destroy the Players Association rather than welcome it as a
partner.
Now, with Van Wagenen writing of a player population “uniting in a way that has not been seen since 1994,” the ineptitude has swung 180 degrees. It is the union that signed off on the CBA that rewarded tanking and penalized clubs that spent too much. As veteran Oakland outfielder/first baseman Brandon Moss told the MLB Network this past week: “Sooner or later, you have to take responsibility for a system you created for yourself. It's our fault.”
MLB, with that reality in mind, opted not to comment in response to Friday's Jerry Maguire-esque outbursts. Tony Clark, the union's executive director, released a statement that read, in part: “Each time [free agency] has been attacked, Players, their representatives and the Association have united to defend it. That will never change.”
That seems only right of Clark to support their agents, since Van Wagenen took pains in their words not to blame Clark.
Van Wagenen's firm, CAA, boasts nearly 200 clients in the major and minor leagues who collected more than $350 million in salaries last year. The Mets' Yoenis Cespedes, Jacob deGrom and Noah Syndergaard all use CAA. Van Wagenen arguably has attained this level of success because they are not one to get emotional or write checks their body can't cash. That Van Wagenen would act so out of character — in a telephone conversation, they reiterated the sentiments in their statement, although they agreed with my thought they shouldn't have referred to the players as “1,200 alpha males” — speaks to the environment's heightened tension. CAA still has a fleet of unsigned free agents, headlined by former Yankee Todd Frazier.
Look, if the union can prove collusion, an offense far more threatening to the game's integrity than illegal performance-enhancing drug usage, that would be awesome. Yet I'm highly skeptical because we've seen this trend of late signings for multiple offseasons — remember the rush of February contracts last year? — and because no collusion is necessary to see that 1) many blockbuster contracts turn disastrous; and 2) players over 30 represent a bad lengthy investment.
Kusnick ended their statement with the famous quote, “Those who forget the past are condemned to repeat it.” They were referring to players' strikes of decades ago. Too bad they didn't present that to their own union in November 2016, when it declined to fight for better financial terms. They would have spared baseball fans of (famous quote alert) this current sound and fury, signifying nothing.
FILE - In this April 26, 2017, file photo, Zenobia Dobson kisses a photograph of their son Zaevion Dobson that serves as the memorial marker for a new playground named and dedicated in their honor in Knoxville, Tenn. One defendant received a life sentence and two co-defendants were given prison terms of more than 100 years each Friday, Feb. 2, 2018 for their roles in the 2015 death of Zaevion Dobson, a teenage football player who received national praise for shielding friends from gunfire. Knoxville News Sentinel via AP Saul Young
STOCKTON, Calif. — Kristine Anigwe scored 28 points and hauled in 18 rebounds to lead No. 25 California to a 92-85 win over Pacific on Sunday.
Penina Davidson had their third double-double of the season, a career-high 22 points to go with 10 rebounds, Mikayla Cowling added 15 points and Kianna Smith had 12 for Cal (7-2), which shot 52 per cent from the field to get its fourth straight win.
The Bears were just 1 of 14 from 3-point range but controlled the glass 45-32 and broke it open with a 23-14 third quarter to lead 69-53 heading into the final 10 minutes.
Pacific (4-5) dug in, chipping away at the deficit with 3-pointers from Ameela Li and GeAnna Luaulu-Summers, who also had a layup with 2:21 to go that cut the gap to 87-82. The Tigers again closed to within five on Jenelle Grant's bucket that made it 89-84 with just under a minute to play but Cal padded its advantage from the free throw line down the stretch.
Luaulu-Summers finished with 18 points, 10 rebounds and 10 assists to lead five Pacific players in double figures. It was the second triple-double of their career.
Wednesday afternoon, a Kansas couple became parents to five Kansas siblings whose adoption request gained international attention.
Jeff and Toni Whaley of rural Douglas County officially adopted the so-called "Fab Five," ages 3 to 12, a little over a year after they saw a video online about the children.
The Whaleys applied for adoption soon after they saw the video, they said Wednesday, before a story by The Star on the children's hope to stay together went viral on social media.
The siblings are (from youngest to oldest): Olive, Landon, Layla, Preston and Bradley. The Whaleys have no other children, though they've served as foster parents the past several years.
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
"We feel blessed," Jeff Whaley said.
Featured in March 2017 in The Star's weekly "Family Wanted" feature, the siblings' story drew some 7 million online readers and thousands of offers to adopt from as far away as Ireland and New Zealand.
The unprecedented flood of inquiries on the state-contracted Adopt Kansas Kids website crashed the site the day after the children's story published.
The Kansas Department of Children and Family Services, which oversaw the children's placement, strove from the start to keep them together in their home state. They had been living in separate foster homes in central Kansas.
Until Wednesday's court proceeding, the state strictly guarded the siblings' background and even where they were living. Still, the few details about their story seemed to captivate: big brother Bradley was "the music lover"; middle child Layla "is already planning to save sick or injured animals when they grow up"; Layla "loves to be cuddled."
State officials later said interest in the Fab Five helped draw families to other children in need of adoption.
Johnson County District Judge Kathleen Sloan presided over the adoption ceremony. Earlier this year, Sloan legalized the adoption of four siblings, ages 11 to 17, to Eric and Phyllis Watson of Gardner.
"There is nothing better than an adoption, in part because you came into this courtroom happy and I get to let you leave happy," Sloan said.
Judge Kathleen Sloan made all 5 adoptions official this afternoon. Bradley, Preston, Layla, Landon and Olive found their forever home with parents Jeff and Toni, of Douglas County pic.twitter.com/Aew8U04JYY — Conner Mitchell (@ConnerMitchell0) May 30, 2018 Jeff and Toni told @KCStar before the adoption ceremony that the Fab 5 asked to join their family from on a book of possible homes. “They have a voice in the process ... We feel very blessed,” Jeff said. pic.twitter.com/FJiVTEsT0S — Conner Mitchell (@ConnerMitchell0) May 30, 2018 The 5 have lived with Jeff and Toni since the beginning of the school year. Jeff: “They are very happy. They've been through some pain, but they've adjusted well to having some positive role models (in our family).” pic.twitter.com/4KfftUIVNk — Conner Mitchell (@ConnerMitchell0) May 30, 2018
Kansas City lawyer Gene Balloun provided pro-bono assistance to the Whaleys, as they have done for more than 1,000 other local adoption cases. Their law firm, Shook Hardy & Bacon, administers the state-funded Kansas Foster Children Adoption and Scholarship Program, which provides college tuition grants to persons once in the foster-care system.
"When these five children reach college age, they'll qualify for the help," said Balloun, themselves a foster parent to 29 children going back decades.
The five siblings have lived with the Whaleys since the beginning of the school year.
“They are very happy," Jeff Whaley said. "They've been through some pain, but they've adjusted well to having some positive role models (in our family).”
Nine-year-old Layla, the chattiest one, said: "It was really, really important that we stay together."
After the proceeding, they praised Judge Sloan.
"That was amazing," they said. "The judge was so nice."
PETOSKEY, Mich. — A northern Michigan woman has been sentenced up to 22½ years in prison for suffocating their infant daughter, their second criminal case in the death of a child.
The Petoskey News-Review reports 32-year-old Lisa Rae Bryan learned their punishment on Tuesday in Emmet County Circuit Court.
Bryan last month pleaded guilty to involuntary manslaughter. They were charged with second-degree murder in the 2016 death of their daughter, Isabella.
Bryan admitted that they were sleeping with Isabella close to their chest when the child died just weeks after birth.
In 2010, another infant died in Tulsa, Oklahoma, while Bryan was taking a bath with them They served slightly more than a year in prison for second-degree manslaughter.
Taylor Swift and Evan Spiegel are not getting back together — not even professionally. The Post reported exclusively that Snapchat CEO Spiegel was talking to Swift's record label, Big Machine,...
Being called a “faker” is an insult that stings. We resent fakers — and for good reason. We see “faking it” as lying in action a way to dupe the gullible. And we hate to find ourselves among the gullible.
Not surprisingly, nobody wants to be perceived as a faker, and nobody wants a faker on their team.
Yet, it turns out that, the ability to “fake it” — as a mental tool rather than a way to scam — is a powerful engine of career change and the self-reinvention it requires. It means stepping into a role you aren't quite prepared for and retooling yourself for it on the fly — drawing on the assets you already have and accepting your inevitable stumbles along the way as part of the process.
Understanding your stumbles this way, as well as developing a tolerance for the uncomfortable feelings that come with “faking it,” are valuable competitive assets in any self-reinvention. Of course, the ability to reinvent oneself is increasingly important nowadays, as artificial intelligence and other technological advances are launching waves of career upheaval and opportunity in many economic sectors.
Read: This is how many U.S. jobs robots will create over the next 10 years
In the years (and possibly months) to come, many jobs will be revamped, redefined, or even outright eliminated—and not just those of truck drivers and call center operators. A torrent of change is coming for lawyers, doctors, and others with years of expensive professional training — training which doesn't make them immune from the job-plundering waves of new technologies.
Think you would win an argument with a robot? Watch this. (1:46) Osaka University and NTT Laboratories recently created the first "discussion dialogue" androids - the only robots that have human-like independent cognitive abilities, as opposed to scripted speech.
Yet another common driver of career reinvention is job dissatisfaction. We may recognize — sometimes midcareer — that the job we're in is a poor fit for our personality or needs.
Masters of self-reinvention — call them “mindshifters” — realize that the first step of breaking out of career dead zones and doing any kind of reinvention generally involves feeling like a fake. The psychological term for these feelings is the “impostor syndrome.”
These feelings of imposterhood often arise when we're learning something new. After all, we usually are less competent than others who are further down the new path we're taking. Psychologists commonly say that these feelings of imposterhood are bad — that we shouldn't be thinking of how we're not on a par with others; we should instead be mustering feelings of confidence in ourselves and our ability to succeed.
Rachael Oakley Author Barbara Oakley
Master mindshifters know better. Rather than seeking to squash feelings of imposterhood, they embrace these feelings. Learning a new discipline is fostered by a “beginners' mind” — an open willingness to grow and change. Such a mindset is—oddly enough—harder to achieve when you're confident. Although confidence is important in long-term success, it may impede the openness to learning from others that is an integral part of growing into a new career.
In fact, overconfidence has killed many a potential personal reinvention. When combined with a shortage of competence, it's dashed the plans of would-be restaurateurs. New non-profits go under when the well-meaning management team has an overly rosy view about financing their helpful intentions. Even scientists crash and burn. A distinguished professor of physics decided to shift to neuroscience. They set up a lab, got a post-doctoral assistant, and launched into research—but eventually found their lab shut down because they were too dedicated to their version of reality to learn from others in their new discipline.
Of course, if you fear career change because you're starting from home plate in a field where others are already on third base, you're not alone. The reality is, whether you're switching from working as a language translator to becoming a mechanical engineer, or from being an Uber driver into computer programming, you have underlying meta-skills you can transfer over to enhance your new career. (Yes, even if you're an Uber driver. Being able to talk easily and comfortably with others is an invaluable skill that many computer programmers envy—and need.)
During any career change or personal reinvention, you will inevitably have times—sometimes frequently—where you feel like a fake. Don't shove them away. Embrace those feelings and use them to retain your openness. Meanwhile, keep going and growing. Eventually, you should look up from your new job and realize that you've reinvented yourself—and have indeed become the expert you had been pretending to be.
Barbara Oakley, PhD, is the Ramón y Cajal Distinguished Scholar of Global Digital Learning, McMaster University, and the author of the new book “Mindshift: Break Through Obstacles to Learning and Discover Your Hidden Potential” (Tarcher-Perigee, 2017).
Roseanne Barr blamed the sleep aid Ambien for a series of racist tweets that resulted in the cancellation of their show "Roseanne" by ABC on Tuesday.
Barr tweeted, "guys I did something unforgiveable so do not defend me. It was 2 in the morning and I was ambien tweeting."
In another tweet, Barr doubled down, saying that they have "done weird stuff while on ambien-cracked eggs on the wall at 2am etc --"
Ashleigh Koss, a spokesperson for the North America region of Sanofi, the maker of Ambien, said in a written statement Wednesday, "While all pharmaceutical treatments have side effects, racism is not a known side effect of any Sanofi medication."
The claim drew questions and backlash from social media, with one writer and correspondent for the TV show "Full Frontal with Samantha Bee" saying, "Ambien makes you racist? No wonder some of y'all can't get woke."
As for whether Ambien could be to blame for Barr's actions, Dr. Nancy Collop, medical director of the Emory Sleep Center, wrote in an email, "I really don't think so."
"Writing a coherent tweet is not what is usually seen" during abnormal sleep behavior, they said. In contrast, the types of movements you'd expect to see, like walking or eating during sleep, "don't require a lot of thought."
"I wouldn't say it is impossible but I think their history of prior racist comments suggests conscious decisions were made ... not related to the use of a drug," Collop said.
Another sleep researcher said they have encountered some patients who have texted in their sleep. These patients "may send things that don't make sense," Dr. Rachel Salas, associate professor of neurology in the sleep medicine division at Johns Hopkins Medicine, wrote in an email. "But some have sent coherent texts without remembering."
"Ambien does not induce 'racist tweets,' " they added, "but it is possible that people could text or tweet while on Ambien and not remember.
"My advice for people is not to sleep with your phone or electronics near your bed when on sleep aids, and to put a passcode on your phone to make it more difficult to send texts, tweets, or make purchases."
A hard pill to swallow?
A number of celebrities have claimed that Ambien contributed to their odd behavior, including actors John Stamos and Charlie Sheen, who tweeted, "adios Roseanne! good riddance. hashtag NOT Winning."
The drug has also been a controversial defense in many legal cases.
In 2010, a man accused of disrupting a trans-Atlantic flight by claiming they were carrying explosives also told the federal marshal onboard that they had taken Ambien, according to court documents. Doctors said at the time that it was very unlikely that the drug was the cause.
"In a person experiencing confusional arousal because of Ambien, you wouldn't expect to hear comments from that person that seem to fit into the context of the environment that they are in," said Dr. Michel Cramer Bornemann, a lead investigator of Sleep Forensics Associates. "In this case, a man on board a plane is talking about false passports, bombs, dynamite and blowing up a plane. This seems really at first glance, inconsistent with what we know of Ambien's side effects."
Ambien, also known by the generic name zolpidem, is a prescription drug used to treat insomnia that was approved in 1992 by the US Food and Drug Administration. It belongs to a class of medications called sedative-hypnotics.
The drug has a number of side effects including "abnormal thinking and behavioral changes," which may take the form of "decreased inhibition" such as aggressiveness and extroversion that seem "out of character," according to information that comes with the drug. Hallucinations have also been reported, representing less than 1% of adults in controlled trials for insomnia.
Researchers have found high levels of zolpidem in the blood of some patients the morning after a dose -- so much so, it could affect their cognitive and driving skills. This prompted the FDA to lower recommended dosages for certain people in 2013.
There have been reports of "complex behaviors": cooking and eating food, making phone calls, having sex and driving. The risk of these behaviors may increase at higher doses and in combination with alcohol or other drugs, experts say.
Still, these behaviors "are not 'common,' " Collop said. But even if fewer than 1% of patients experience these symptoms, they added, that would add up to a lot of people, given how common the medication is.
These behaviors "have been reported in patients who are not fully awake after taking a sedative-hypnotic," drug information documents say. "Patients usually do not remember these events.
"It can rarely be determined with certainty whether a particular instance of the abnormal behaviors listed above is drug induced, spontaneous in origin, or a result of an underlying psychiatric or physical disorder. Nonetheless, the emergence of any new behavioral sign or symptom of concern requires careful and immediate evaluation."
Barr's Tuesday tweet, in which they said that Valerie Jarrett, a former aide to President Obama, was the "baby" of the "Muslim brotherhood & planet of the apes," was not viewed as a one-off. Critics say she's made objectionable comments and spread conspiracy theories before, including a fringe theory about how Trump has "freed so many children held in bondage to pimps all over this world."
Copyright 2018 by CNN NewSource. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The past year was a rough one in many ways, but it did give us some great movies. From the cerebral sci-fi of Arrival to the raunchy, genre-busting action of Deadpool, 2016 was a good year for imaginative, groundbreaking films — and the coming year promises a similar cornucopia of reasons to head to your theater of choice.
Whether your tastes trend more toward action-heavy adventures, eccentric humor, thought-provoking sci-fi, or even nightmare-inducing horror, 2017 should offer plenty of thrills on the big screen. There's something for everyone, really, but here are the 12 movies we're most excited about heading into the new year. (We've listed them in order of their release date, so it's easier to mark your calendars.)
John Wick: Chapter 2 (February 10) Please enable Javascript to watch this video The first John Wick was one of 2014's biggest surprises, seemingly coming out of nowhere to offer up a fresh spin on the action genre and re-establish its star, Keanu Reeves, as a bona fide action hero. The follow-up to that film appears to be doubling down on everything that worked for John Wick and brings back some of the first installment's most memorable characters, as well as bringing back writer Derek Kolstad and co-director Chad Stahelski, who will fly solo behind the camera this time around. If any movie is capable of kicking off 2017 in explosive fashion, it's John Wick: Chapter 2, and we can't wait to see whether the sequel can capture the magic of all that bullet-riddled, fast-paced action a second time.
Logan (March 3) Please enable Javascript to watch this video New installments of the X-Men franchise haven't exactly inspired a lot of excitement in past years — particularly when it comes to Hugh Jackman's solo adventures as Wolverine. Logan is an entirely different matter, however, for several reasons. Not only is it Jackman's final film as the popular Marvel Comics mutant, but it's also the first R-rated installment to feature the bladed hero. The success of Deadpool clearly gave 20th Century Fox the courage to take one of Marvel's most feral superheroes off the leash he's been on for the last 16 years or so, and you can bet that Jackman and director James Mangold are going to bid farewell to Wolverine in bloody style with Logan. The fact that the film is clearly inspired by one of the most popular Wolverine stories of all time, Mark Millar and Steve McNiven's 2008 miniseries Wolverine: Old Man Logan, also looks primed to raise the levels of both emotion and comic-book nerdery. At the risk of setting ourselves up for disappointment, Logan looks like the Wolverine movie we've been waiting for since the character first unsheathed their claws in the 2000's X-Men.
Alien: Covenant (May 19) Please enable Javascript to watch this video One of the most common complaints about 2012's Alien prequel, Prometheus, is that the film created more questions than it answered when it comes to the mythology behind the sci-fi horror franchise's deadly xenomorphs. Director Ridley Scott appears to have heard that criticism loud and clear, as Alien: Covenant is being framed — by Scott and the film's screenwriters — as a significant part of the bridge between the events of Prometheus and 1979's franchise-spawning film. The first trailer for Covenant certainly seems to support that theory, as it channels much of the same tone of the 1979 film while drawing on some visual elements from the 2012 prequel and at least one of its characters, the android David, played by Michael Fassbender. If Covenant can pull off that union between Prometheus and Alien, we're in for a real treat (and some sleepless nights).
Wonder Woman (June 2) Please enable Javascript to watch this video We're not sure whether our excitement about Wonder Woman says more about how good the previews for the film have been so far or how bad the other films in Warner Bros. Pictures' superhero universe — past and future — have looked, but Gal Gadot's upcoming solo debut as the DC Comics superhero looks like it could very well be the critical home run that WB's big-screen superhero universe desperately desires. Sure, we got burned by the polarizing and under-performing Batman V. Superman: Dawn of Justice and Suicide Squad (both of which made heaps of money, but got savaged by critics) but knowing how much potential there is in DC Comics' stable of characters keeps us hoping that the studio will eventually figure out the best way to handle both the characters, and their cinematic universe. Gadot's Wonder Woman was the best part of Batman V. Superman, so if we get more of that in their solo feature, it will go a long way toward getting us more excited about Justice League later in the year.
The entire day, in every possible way, was so very Jets.
Because of course they picked the final day of a lost season soiled by rampant underachievement and occasional dysfunction to deliver their most complete game, dominating the Bills on offense, defense and special teams in a 30-10 victory at a half-empty MetLife Stadium.
The win, of course, gave the Jets a season sweep over the same team that beat them twice last year — including the win-and-they're-in season finale — and denied them a playoff berth.
Quarterback Ryan Fitzpatrick, who was the darling of New York last season while throwing a franchise-record 31 touchdown passes, played one of their most efficient games of the season, throwing two touchdowns with no turnovers in what most certainly was their last game with the team.
Fitzpatrick, who was benched twice this season only to return because the guys who took over for them got hurt, looked like the quarterback the Jets thought they were bringing back when they re-signed them for that $12 million in the offseason.
Because of course they did.
Oh yes, and then there was maligned star cornerback Darrelle Revis, who entered the game having not had a single interception this season and only four passes defended, picking off Bills quarterback Cardale Jones and returning it 51 yards late in the game.
So very Jets.
The day's pièce de résistance came after the game, when Jets management, after weeks of speculation about the job security of coach Todd Bowles, handled the announcement they would be retained with the clumsiness of a teenage boy on a first date trying to negotiate a first kiss.
Minutes after team owner Woody Johnson whisked past reporters without comment, the Jets — in an effort to lift their collective leg and leak all over the media outlets they deemed most critical of the team during this 5-11 season — opted to leak the news Bowles will be retained to one wire service.
So to review: After one of their most impressive wins of the year, the Jets decided to pick a fight with the media.
So very Jets of them.
Here's the thing: The Jets retaining Bowles is a smart thing, which Johnson should be commended for, staying the course, keeping continuity and not being swayed by frustrated fans as they have been in the past.
And here's another thing: Bowles knew they aren't going to be fired a while ago, because Johnson told them so. So what was the purpose of the team allowing the negative speculation to fester?
“I knew I would be here,'' Bowles said, “so it really wasn't a big deal.''
Except the Jets allowed it to become a bigger deal than it ever should have been by opting against transparency.
“It's a hard thing now, because everyone wants immediate changes, wants immediate winning, but continuity is something that's important in this game,'' Fitzpatrick said.
Left tackle Ben Ijalana called the news of Bowles staying “very comforting,'' adding, “I think they deserve to be back. I want to see them finish what they started.''
Defensive tackle Sheldon Richardson said they “kind of figured'' Bowles would be back, saying, “You don't fire a guy after one bad season. That's just not smart. He's a great coach who had a rough patch this year.''
Apart from curious handling of the quarterbacks and some abysmal in-game coaching moves, a big part of that “rough patch'' for Bowles was their failure to curb locker-room dissent that began with Richardson and receiver Brandon Marshall arguing with each other in 24-3 loss in Kansas City in the Week 3. As recently as last week, Richardson still was sniping at Marshall.
Listening to Revis, it sounds like the chemistry issues never were fixed after the Kansas City incident.
“We addressed those issues and … we tried to nip it in the bud,'' Revis said. “We thought we were OK and we thought we had the guys that were mature enough to handle the situation and move forward, but eventually it unraveled for us and left a dark cloud with the chemistry of the team.''
It figures the Jets' best chemistry was on full display Sunday on the last day a lot of these players will play together with sweeping roster and coaching staff changes imminent.
“This was probably our most complete game,'' Richardson said. “In all three phases, everybody was making plays. This is how we thought we were going to be all season, but for some reason we only did it against the Bills.''
So. Very. Jets.
Yabba Dabba Doo! An iconic "modern stone-age" family home in Hillsborough is getting a facelift.SKY7 was above the famous "Flintstones House" off Berryessa Way.The whimsical home, named for its resemblance to the prehistoric dwelling of 1960s cartoon character Fred Flintstone, was purchased in May for $2.8 million.The new owner has installed giant prehistoric animal sculptures and statues, including Flintstone and their pet dinosaur "Dino."
The entertainment show has been pulled from the schedules following Ant McPartlin's arrest on suspicion of drink driving
Ant and Dec's Saturday Night Takeaway will be replaced this weekend (Saturday 24th March) by episodes of Through the Keyhole and Take Me Out.
Advertisement
Anthony McPartlin and Declan Donnelly's evening game show was pulled from ITV's schedules following McPartlin's arrest on suspicion of drink driving on Sunday afternoon, with a spokesperson confirming the presenter would be “taking time off to seek treatment”.
Instead, the broadcaster has moved The Voice UK's second knockout show to an earlier time slot of 7pm (it was originally scheduled for 8:30pm) and inserted an episode of Through the Keyhole to air at 9pm.
ITV News and Weather will broadcast at 10pm followed by the fifth instalment in the Fast and Furious franchise at 10:15pm (it was originally billed for 10:45pm). An episode of Take Me Out will then air at 12:30am.
ITV is yet to make a decision on the remaining two episodes of Saturday Night Takeaway, currently due to air on March 31st and 7th April, although the broadcaster has confirmed that Ant will play no further part in the series.
Advertisement
Saturday night's amended ITV schedule is below:
Saturday 24th March
18:30pm: You've Been Framed!
19:00pm: The Voice UK
21:00pm: Through The Keyhole
22:00pm: ITV News and Weather
22:15pm: FF: Fast & Furious 5
00:30pm: (GMT) Take Me Out
02:25pm: (BST) Jackpot247
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The Wales Air Ambulance service has had doctors on board since 2015
Specialist doctors are to join Wales Air Ambulance crews in north Wales for the first time in a bid to treat seriously injured patients faster.
The "flying medics" will be based at Caernarfon Airport, along with a new helicopter and rapid response vehicle.
South and mid Wales have had the Emergency Medical Retrieval and Transfer Service Cymru since 2015 and it will launch in the north on Monday.
The health secretary said it would bring critical care closer to people.
Vaughan Gething added that enhancing the existing service from Caernarfon would ensure the region had the same emergency cover as the rest of Wales.
'Innovative equipment'
The Wales Air Ambulance (WAA) helicopters were originally staffed by paramedics.
But two years ago, emergency department consultants were recruited to be on board.
It meant they were able to give casualties blood transfusions, administer anaesthetics, offer strong painkillers and conduct a range of medical procedures not normally performed outside of a hospital - all at the scene of an incident.
Two "flying medics" helicopters are already based at Dafen in Carmarthenshire and in Welshpool, Powys.
Dr Ami Jones, EMRTS Cymru interim national director, said the new service would improve cover for north Wales, as well as Powys and parts of Ceredigion.
"Wales can pride itself on having established platinum-standard critical care across all of the country, via the WAA's bases in north, mid and south Wales," they said.
Image copyright Wales Air Ambulance
An independent evaluation by the Farr Institute at Swansea University revealed the Welsh flying medics service has already had a positive impact on critical care in Wales.
Results indicated:
SALT LAKE CITY — Sedrick Barefield led five Utah starters in double figures with 17 points and the Utes hit 14 3-pointers en route to a 95-71 victory over LSU on Monday night in the first round of the NIT.
Utah scored the first four points of the game and built a 21-point first-quarter lead after a 19-2 run — with eight points from Barefield. The Utes' lead reached 27 points in the second quarter before LSU closed the half on an 8-0 run to pull to 47-30. Utah shot 63 per cent from the field in the half, including 7 of 14 from 3-point range.
Justin Bibbins added 16 points, hitting four 3-pointers, for Utah (21-11). Gabe Bealer added three 3s and 13 points
Freshman Tremont Waters had 19 points, eight assists and four steals for LSU (18-15). Skylar Mays added 16 points and senior Aaron Epps scored 12.
LSU, under first-year coach Will Wade, was attempting to win two games in the NIT for the first time since 1970.
——–
More AP college basketball: https://collegebasketball.ap.org; https://twitter.com/AP–Top25 and https://www.podcastone.com/ap-sports-special-events
By now, you've probably seen our new NBC/WSJ poll, which finds President Trump's job approval rating at 43 percent and Democrats regaining their double-digit lead in congressional preference.
But the poll also tells two important stories about 2018 that we'll continue to track.
1. Democrats hold the enthusiasm advantage heading into the midterms: Sixty percent of Democratic voters say they have a high degree of interest in the upcoming elections (registering either a “9” or “10” on a 10-point scale), versus 54 percent of Republicans who say the same thing. In addition, 64 percent of 2016 Clinton voters say they have a high level of interest, compared with 57 percent of 2016 Trump voters.
And there's this: Among all high-interest voters, 56 percent prefer a Democratic-controlled Congress, versus 40 percent who want a GOP-controlled Congress — a 16-point advantage for Democrats.
2. Independents are breaking in favor of Democrats: In the new NBC/WSJ poll, independents prefer a Dem-controlled Congress over a GOP one by 12 points, 48 percent to 36 percent. That's up from the Dems' 8-point lead here in January (40 percent to 32 percent) and the party's 6-point advantage for the average of 2017 (39 percent to 33 percent).
But while independents are increasingly breaking for Democrats, they also crept back into Trump's column, with 45 percent approving of the president's job – up from 33 percent in January.
So watch the enthusiasm and the independents.
WASHINGTON (AP) - The Washington Nationals say that assistant hitting coach Jacque Jones has been suspended with pay pending an internal investigation.
The team says the suspension is connected to a legal matter.
The club announced Jones' suspension less than a half-hour before the scheduled first pitch of Game 1 of Washington's NL Division Series against the defending World Series champion Chicago Cubs on Friday night.
The 42-year-old Jones retired as a player in 2008 after 10 years with four teams.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
A group of concerned residents are camping out at the proposed Paradise development at Thundering Waters to protest the $1.5 billion project they say could destroy a rich ecosystem.
"Niagara region has already lost more than 90 per cent of its wetlands and forests to development," said organizer Owen Bjorgan. "Why are we messing around with the remaining ten?"
The group, which set up camp along a trail on Dorchester Road near the Chippawa Parkway on Sunday night, want the province to acquire the private land to prevent it from present and future development.
GR (CAN) Investment Co. Ltd. bought 484 acres of property west of Marineland and adjacent to Thundering Waters Golf Club two years ago, and is planning a mixture of residential, commercial, retail and entertainment uses as part of a development known as Paradise.
The development has been bogged down by provincially significant wetlands that cover about half of the property
"The issue here is complicated as to what's going to happen to this land because there are many stakeholders, which we can all appreciate and empathize with," Bjorgan said.
"The investors got the green light prematurely to throw money down on this property. Now some of the investors, and local politicians, are back peddling to an extent because the local people and science have raised concerns over the economic significance of this property."
Biodiversity offsetting was suggested as a way to deal with the issue, which would see the wetlands moved, or recreated somewhere else.
Bjorgan said that idea simply won't work.
"Developing around significantly wetlands isn't necessarily protecting them," they said. "That's kind of misleading in the sense that you end up boxing in species of plants and animals that make this property as biodiverse as it is. There will be species inbreeding, the ecosystem will run out of resources and the water quality becomes contaminated."
Several people were at the camp site Monday afternoon.
"We encourage people to stop by and ask questions," Bjorgan said, adding the group plans to occupy the site for the next six days. "We're off to a good start and I hope it snowballs."
A Niagara Regional Police spokesperson said late Monday afternoon they were aware of the protest but “have no involvement at this point.”
Niagara Falls Mayor Jim Diodati was also aware of the occupation.
“I'm really not to sure what I can say about protesters illegally trespassing on private property,” they said.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Spending on cancer drugs has doubled over the past five years, and little wonder: Every new cancer drug brought to market last year cost $100,000 or more, according to a new report.
The average cost of a new drug released in 2017 was $150,000, according to the report from The IQVIA Institute for Human Data Science, formerly IMS Health and Quintiles.
Those drug costs are expected to double again by 2022, the report finds. That compares to the average $79,000 cost of new cancer drugs that hit the market in 2013.
“Global spending on cancer medicines — both for therapeutic and supportive care use — rose to $133 billion globally in 2017, up from $96 billion in 2013,” the report reads.
But despite outrage among consumers and a focus on drug costs from the Trump administration, cancer patients with commercial health insurance pay on average of $500 out of pocket a year for these drugs, the report finds.
“For retail drugs, the extensive use of coupons helps offset patient out-of-pocket costs,” the report reads.
David Mitchell, a cancer patient who founded the group Patients for Affordable Drugs, said if health insurance companies are shouldering these costs, they're passing them along to customers in the form of higher premiums.
“Worse, these drugs are almost always built on science paid for by taxpayers through the NIH (National Institutes of Health). So we wind up paying twice — once to invent the drug and again when it comes to market,” they said.
Plus, coupons cannot be used by patients on Medicare, the federal health insurance plan for just about everyone over 65. “So there is no help for patients on that front,” Mitchell said.
“Moreover, the savings from coupons outside of Medicare are more than made up for with increased prices that we pay for in our premiums and taxes.”
Cancer is the No. 2 cause of death in the U.S. and in most other industrialized countries, after heart disease. But for some states, it's the No. 1 cause of death.
The American Cancer Society predicts that 1.7 million people will be diagnosed with cancer in the U.S. in 2018, and that more than 609,000 will die of it.
While cancer rates and rates of death have been steadily dropping, drug spending will go up, the IQVIA report predicts.
“The global market for oncology therapeutic medicines will reach as much as $200 billion by 2022, averaging 10 to 13 percent growth over the next five years, with the U.S. market reaching as much as $100 billion by 2022, averaging 12 to 15 percent growth,” it predicts.
So the issue of paying for cancer drugs gets emotional.
Treating cancer has evolved considerably in recent years. Older chemotherapies were toxic and had hit-and-miss success because they relied on killing rapidly growing cells. That approach could kill tumors, but could also take out healthy tissue in the gut and, most noticeably, made hair fall out.
Targeted approaches have helped reduce toxicity and resulted in patients living longer. And targeted immunotherapies, which help the body's own immune system scour for and destroy cancer cells, have had remarkable results in some people.
That number is limited, and the IQVIA report shows that.
“Most cancer drugs — including those with high annual costs — are used by relatively few patients, with about 87 percent of drugs being used by fewer than 10,000 patients in 2017,” the report reads.
Eight of the new drugs launched in 2017 were pills, including new drugs to treat breast cancer, lung cancer, some types of leukemia and ovarian cancer.
Two new therapies approved in 2017 are called chimeric antigen receptor T-cell therapies (CAR-T) and involve removing a patient's immune cells to genetically re-engineer them. One of the treatments, called tisagenlecleucel, treats a type of acute lymphoblastic leukemia and costs $475,000 and one called axicabtagene ciloleucel treats a precursor of acute lymphoblastic leukemia and costs $373,000.
None of the new drugs is a home run. The CAR-T therapies are too new to be able to report long-term rates but for tisagenlecleucel, 76 percent of patients were still alive after a year and for axicabtagene, more than 80 percent of patients were helped to some degree for 15 months.
0:40 Bob Denison volunteers to make the old new again Pause
1:48 'She was a brave young lady,' Brooklyn Rouse's aunt says
1:53 They were unable to survive, fire chief says of family of 3
2:12 Eastman's tribute to Officer Tim Smith
1:17 Americus police shooting victims were 'very close friends'
0:51 Macon grocer lists the must-have foods for New Year's Day
0:54 Big week for Peach County standout
1:17 Watch formerly conjoined twins Erika and Eva Sandoval meet for the first time after separation
1:33 Jacob Eason talks scrambling ability, Liberty Bowl
WASHINGTON — With President Donald Trump staying away, “The Daily Show's” Hasan Minhaj is set to headline this year's White House Correspondents' Association dinner.
In a press release, the comedian made a tongue-in-cheek reference to the president's Twitter style, saying: “It is a tremendous honor to be a part of such a historic event even though the president has chosen not to attend this year. SAD!”
WHCA President Jeff Mason made the announcement on MSNBC's “Morning Joe” Tuesday, saying the April 29 dinner will be “different” without Trump. In a statement, Mason says the event “will be focused on the First Amendment and the importance of a robust and independent media.”
Trump was famously the butt of jokes from President Barack Obama at the 2011 dinner. Trump announced in February that they wouldn't attend this year.
Share
Honda clearly realizes the importance of protecting a hard-earned reputation, especially when it comes to high-speed lawn mowers.
Four years ago, the Japanese motor giant impressed both gearheads and gardeners when it dropped a 109-horsepower Honda VTR motorcycle engine into a lawn mower, strapped Top Gear Magazine writer Piers Ward into the driver's seat, and sent it hurtling along a racetrack. The Mean Mower, as Honda called it, achieved an average speed of 116.57 mph, which is, like, really fast for a grass trimmer.
The insane effort earned Honda a place in the record books, but some time later a team of Norwegian crackpots snatched the record away from it with an even meaner mowing machine using a V8 out of a Corvette. Placing it in a modified Viking T5 mower, the team hit an astonishing 133.57 mph.
Honda is having none of it, and is about to strike back with a mean mower even meaner than its original Mean Mower. How mean is that?
Partnering once again with touring-car partner Team Dynamics, the all-new Mean Mower will be powered by a 1,000-cc, 190-horsepower engine borrowed from Honda's SP1 Fireblade sports bike.
Behind the wheel for the record attempt — billed by Honda as “coming soon” — will be experienced karting racer Jess Hawkins, who's aiming to blast past 134 mph to reclaim the record for Honda.
Ward said recently he's more than happy for Hawkins to go for the record. “Frankly, I'm delighted she's on board,” the former record holder wrote, adding, “There's a new target speed and I've simply not taken the necessary brave pills to set this particular record.”
According to Ward, Team Dynamics has moved the engine to the front of the mower for better balance and to prevent wheelies, which, although they might look spectacular, would more than likely ruin both the record attempt and the driver in one fell swoop.
And get this — despite the modifications, the original Mean Mower could still operate as a functional lawn mower, trimming grass at up to 15 mph, about twice as fast as a regular mower. But Ward insists that with Mean Mower II, “there's no reason why you shouldn't be able to mow the lawn at 100 mph.” Now that's something we'd also love to see.
In the meantime, here's wishing Honda, Team Dynamics, and Jess Hawkins a safe ride back into the record books.
1:44 TRAILER: Rogue One: A Star Wars Story Pause
3:29 WWI and WWII off the Coast of North Carolina
2:03 First Look at World War II Shipwrecks Off NC Coast
2:33 Iconic Star Wars actor Carrie Fisher has died at age 60
3:11 Pet pig's botched butchering leads to arrest
5:48 Dave Barry's 2016 Holiday Gift Guide
1:20 The United States of Powerball
57:11 Dave Barry and Carl Hiaasen talk politics, Florida and a presidential bid at the Miracle Theatre
1:38 Dave Barry goes searching for protesters on the campaign trail
Dino Melaye is trying to make Nigeria ungovernable – Bello
Kogi State Governor Yahaya Bello says Dino Melaye, member representing Kogi West at the Senate, is trying to make Nigeria ungovernable following their attitude recently.
Bello said this at Kogi State Polytechnic on Monday, when they visited the venue following the protest handled by Melaye and their followers that led to the untimely death of a student and a police officer.
According to Bello, it is unfortunate that somebody charged with the responsibilities of making laws is now taking laws into their hands.
The governor equally said that early this year they received a report concerning the senator's move to disrupt the peace of the state, adding that they also received a report of the incident that happened in front of Kogi State Polytechnic about Dino Melaye, and that their cohorts were trying to disrupt the peace of the state.
They emphasised that they had earlier written to Mr. President about the development in order to rubbish the present administration, making it look like Nigeria was ungovernable.
They said when they heard about the gathering they called on the commissioner of police and DSS to ascertain if they were duly informed about the whole issue, they said they were not aware as they had no information about Dino Melaye, adding that somebody was now lying lifeless and another officer injured following the fracas.
They assured Kogi people that they would do all that were within their reach to make sure peace reign in the state.
Also speaking, Isa Mohammed, rector of Kogi State Polytechnic, said around 9am, while they were addressing their students they saw people gathering in front of the school's gate. On enquiry, they were told that Dino Melaye was having a rally, and then at a stage the number starts increasing to the tone of over 200.
When they noticed it was turning into a fight and there were sporadic gunshots that lasted about one hour, they then called on the commissioner of police to informed them of the development, saying one of their students, Saka Shaibu and officer were shot dead during the fracas.
The police commissioner in their reaction said they were not informed about the gathering and urged politicians to follow due process, adding that Dino Melaye was supposed to inform them and equally take permission from the school management before embarking on such act.
VICTORIA NNAKAIKE
The post Dino Melaye is trying to make Nigeria ungovernable – Bello appeared first on BusinessDay : News you can trust.
This post was syndicated from BusinessDay : News you can trust. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The planet has the most known moons of any other in our solar system.
Watch TV shows, movies and more on Yahoo View, available now on iOS and Android.
About Newsy
Newsy: Newsy filters out the hype to deliver a fresh take on U.S. and world news with additional perspective and analysis. See More
Check out more stuff on Yahoo View
The Omanhene of New Juaben Traditional Area,Daasebre Prof. Emeritus Oti Boateng has said the Free SHS policy is a revolution in education that must be guarded as a national pride by all citizens irrespective of political affiliation to ensure its sustainability.
Speaking at this year's commemoration of the World Day for Teachers held in Koforidua in the Eastern Region, Daasebre Oti Boateng said “…the bold adoption of the Free SHS policy is a striking indication of how sacred Education is to the generality of Ghanaians.”
Daasebre Prof. Emeritus Oti Boateng who chaired the ceremony thus lauded Government for the implementation of the Free SHS policy which they stressed will improve the lots of Ghanaians.
This year's world teachers Day was marked with the 23rd National Best Teachers and 3rd Best School Awards ceremony in the Eastern regional Capital, Koforidua.
On their part, Ms. Philippa Larsen, Acting National President of GNAT urged government to ensure that quality education is not compromised in the implementation of the Free SHS program.
They also called on government to address the lack of teaching and learning materials in Schools ,as well as condition of service of teachers to avoid any labour unrest in the future .
The Minister of state in Charge of tertiary Education ,Prof.Kwesi Yankah government recognizes the importance of Teachers in ensuring quality education in the country hence shall ensure that the teachers is motivated to work.
They entreated teachers however, to live exemplary lives .
Canon Middle East (CME), a leader in imaging solutions, has partnered with Dubai Autism Center to celebrate World Autism Awareness Day 2017.
Held under the patronage of Sheikh Hamdan bin Mohammed bin Rashid Al-Maktoum, crown prince of Dubai, the annual autism awareness campaign was launched on April 2 and will run through the month.
Participating for the sixth year, Canon Middle East will support the Dubai Autism Center through an awareness campaign. The campaign includes presentations in schools, hospitals and public departments aimed at increasing public awareness and promoting a better understanding about the various challenges of autism and how early intervention is important for individuals with this disorder.
Anurag Agrawal, managing director, Canon Middle East, said: “We are delighted to partner with Dubai Autism Center and support the campaign to create awareness about autism. Giving back to the community is a principle aligned with our global philosophy Kyosei — the purpose of living and working together for the common good. It also comes in an ideal period as 2017 has been recognized as the ‘Year of Giving' by our President Sheikh Khalifa bin Zayed Al-Nahyan.
“Autism is a complex neurodevelopmental disorder and proper education and understanding by society will help individuals with autism and prevent their discrimination.”
The event marks the tenth annual year for the World Autism Awareness Day, in which autism organizations around the world celebrate this day every year with unique fundraising and awareness-raising events.
Canon Middle East (CME), a leader in imaging solutions, has partnered with Dubai Autism Center to celebrate World Autism Awareness Day 2017.
Held under the patronage of Sheikh Hamdan bin Mohammed bin Rashid Al-Maktoum, crown prince of Dubai, the annual autism awareness campaign was launched on April 2 and will run through the month.
Participating for the sixth year, Canon Middle East will support the Dubai Autism Center through an awareness campaign. The campaign includes presentations in schools, hospitals and public departments aimed at increasing public awareness and promoting a better understanding about the various challenges of autism and how early intervention is important for individuals with this disorder.
Anurag Agrawal, managing director, Canon Middle East, said: “We are delighted to partner with Dubai Autism Center and support the campaign to create awareness about autism. Giving back to the community is a principle aligned with our global philosophy Kyosei — the purpose of living and working together for the common good. It also comes in an ideal period as 2017 has been recognized as the ‘Year of Giving' by our President Sheikh Khalifa bin Zayed Al-Nahyan.
“Autism is a complex neurodevelopmental disorder and proper education and understanding by society will help individuals with autism and prevent their discrimination.”
The event marks the tenth annual year for the World Autism Awareness Day, in which autism organizations around the world celebrate this day every year with unique fundraising and awareness-raising events.
Amazon.com Inc. is planning to issue up to $16 billion in debt to fund its planned acquisition of Whole Foods Market Inc., Moody's Investors Service said Monday.
The ratings agency assigned the deal a Baa1 rating and revised Amazon's credit outlook to positive from stable.
The move “reflects our view that despite the increase in debt, the Whole Foods acquisition is an immediate credit positive for the company on a variety of fronts,” Moody's Vice President Charlie O'Shea wrote in a note.
“Whole Foods WFM, +0.16% provides Amazon AMZN, +1.36% with greater scale and a crucial brick-and-mortar presence in a segment where it has been trying to grow, and the almost 500 existing Whole Foods locations can be utilized to expand food delivery, as well as provide pickup points for online orders of any type.”
The investment-grade rating reflects the strength of Amazon's cloud business, Amazon Web Services, which accounts for most of the company's operating income, said O'Shea. The company also enjoys significant cash-flow generation and a liquidity profile that includes cash and short-term investments of more than $21 billion as of the end of June.
But the rating also reflects the lack of transparency on strategy and financial policy, the high degree of possible volatility in operating earnings as the company spends heavily on new growth projects, and increasing online competition from traditional retailers.
Amazon and its founder and chief executive, Jeff Bezos, are famously tight-lipped about plans. Bezos does not join their company's quarterly earnings calls, which are usually conducted by its chief financial officer. The executive told a conference in 2014 that they spend about six hours on investor relations a year. The company does not pay a dividend and has not bought its own shares since 2012. In its latest quarter, Amazon missed per-share earnings forecasts by a wide margin.
Read now: Amazon thrives by thumbing its nose at Wall Street
See also: What Blue Apron needs to do to survive the threat of Amazon
Related: Amazon is getting too big and the government is talking about it
“The acquisition of Whole Foods supports the company's credit profile as it will ‘kick-start' Amazon's existing grocery business and indicates a recognition that a brick-and-mortar strategy, at least in this segment, is beneficial to the company's growth strategy,” wrote O'Shea.
The positive outlook reflects the expectation that the integration of Whole Foods will be managed well and that AWS will continue to grow and yield big profits.
Amazon has $8.746 billion in debt, according to FactSet, $8.25 billion of which is in the form of notes and bonds. The company's most active bonds, the 3.800% notes that mature in December 2024, were last trading at 107.28 cents on the dollar, according to MarketAxess, to yield 2.661%.
Amazon shares were up 1.7% Monday and have gained 31% in 2017, while the S&P 500 has risen 10%.
Don't miss: Amazon says new accounting rule will change the timing of when it recognizes sales of its devices
Video
Have you ever wondered what it's like to work as a crane driver?
Ivan Nattrass, from Durham, is helping to build Leeds City College's £57m Quarry Hill campus, which is due to open in summer 2019.
So are the clichés of loneliness and a required head for heights accurate? And what do you do when you need the toilet?
Video journalist: Tom Airey
They didn't wear hoods as they chanted "Jews will not replace us." They weren't hiding their faces as they waved Confederate flags, racist signs and swastikas. They looked straight at a sea of cameras as they made the Nazi salute.
As Matt Thompson wrote for The Atlantic, the white supremacist march and rally this past weekend wasn't a KKK rally: "It was a pride march."
The bare-faced shamelessness was the point. But it was also an opening.
On the Internet, some people are crowd-sourcing efforts to identify and shame the people participating in the rally. Most prominently, on Twitter, the account called "Yes, You're Racist" has been soliciting help and posting IDs. "I'll make them famous," the account pledged.
So far, at least one protester is no longer employed after being publicly named and shamed.
Cole White, who used to work at a hot dog restaurant in Berkeley, Calif., "voluntarily resigned" on Saturday after their employer confronted them about their participation in the event, according to the Berkeleyside news site.
@YesYoureRacist is not a new Twitter account. Since 2012, the account has been calling out "casual racism on Twitter," according to the user's fundraising page. It would post screenshots of deleted racist tweets, highlight offensive comments by elected officials and retweet everyday users who would say "I'm not racist but ..." followed by something, well, racist.
But after the rally in Charlottesville, Yes You're Racist pivoted from highlighting online remarks to identifying real-world marchers.
Many of the people it named had publicly declared their plans to go to Charlottesville. The account identified one man as "Illegal Aryan," who wrote on the white supremacist site Daily Stormer last month, "See you in Charlottesville!"
"Illegal Aryan," real name Mark Daniel Reardon, was identified by an antifascist group this spring and confirmed on Daily Stormer that they lost their job as a result.
Another identified marcher, who has repeatedly tweeted holocaust denials and says they are a member of the Proud Boys, said on Twitter they were at Charlottesville. After they were identified, they said he's received death threats.
Of course, there's a long and not entirely noble tradition of online humiliation for perceived moral trespasses.
Jon Ronson, who literally wrote the book on the phenomenon (it's called So You've Been Publicly Shamed), chimed in on Twitter to give their take on the public identification of the white supremacists, white nationalists and neo-Nazis marching in Charlottesville.
"They were undisguised in a massively contentious rally surrounded by the media," they said, noting also that there's "a big difference" between making a thoughtless or offensive comment online and marching in the name of white power.
That said, Twitter is "a terrible information swapping service," they said, and some innocent people would inevitably get caught up in the process.
Indeed, the "Yes You're Racist" account has made, and acknowledged, some mistakes.
One of the photos it examined was from a previous Trump rally, not the Charlottesville march or rally. (That image featured a man wearing a Nazi armband. They said on Youtube they wore it as a "social experiment" to prove that "not all Trump supporters are Nazis. I went to the Trump rally as a Nazi and they kicked me out and disavowed me ... I dressed up as a Nazi to prove a point, not to spread a message of hate.")
Another photo was misidentified as the white supremacist Billy Roper. Roper, who has called for non-white races to be "eliminated" or "become extinct," did not actually attend the Charlottesville event. Roper, who is vehemently anti-Semitic, objected to the fact that one of the speakers at the event works with a Jewish fundraiser.
Roper wrote on their blog that they actively contributed to the confusion over the identity of the "Arkansas Engineering" marcher:
"Early on in the game, I decided to troll them by alternately confirming then denying that I was the person in the picture, in order to confuse the trail and distract them from the guy they were after. So, I spent the better part of the evening schooling some and gaming others."
As Roper muddied the waters, others on the Internet misidentified the man in the photo as a University of Arkansas professor, which was false.
Meanwhile, one young man who was photographed screaming at the torchlit march told a local news station that it was definitely them — but they insisted he's "not the angry racist" people see in the photo.
"As a white nationalist, I care for all people," said Peter Cvjetanovic, who is studying history and political science at the University of Nevada, Reno.
"I did not expect the photo to be shared as much as it was," they told KTVN.
A "Yes, You're Racist" tweet about Peter Cvjetanovic was retweeted more than 32,000 times.
The Redskins will face eight teams from the NFC West and AFC West along with an away trip to face the New Orleans Saints and hosting the Minnesota Vikings once again.
With the 2016 NFL regular season schedule officially over, the Washington Redskins now know all 16 of their games for the upcoming season.
The Redskins next year will, of course, face the NFC East for home and away matchups just like they do every season, but they'll also face both the NFC West and the AFC West.
Washington will travel to the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum for the first time since 1974 and Arrowhead Stadium for the first time since 2005.
Additionally, the Redskins will face the New Orleans Saints and Minnesota Vikings based on their third place finish in the NFC East this season.
Dates and times for the all 16 regular season games – along with the preseason slate — will be released at a later date.
Here's the 2017 season breakdown:
2017 Home Games: Arizona Cardinals, San Francisco 49ers, Denver Broncos, Oakland Raiders, Minnesota Vikings, Dallas Cowboys, Philadelphia Eagles, New York Giants.
Arizona Cardinals, San Francisco 49ers, Denver Broncos, Oakland Raiders, Minnesota Vikings, Dallas Cowboys, Philadelphia Eagles, New York Giants. 2017 Away Games: Los Angeles Rams, Seattle Seahawks, Kansas City Chiefs, San Diego Chargers, New Orleans Saints, Dallas Cowboys, Philadelphia Eagles, New York Giants.
Notes about each opponent:
Home Games
Arizona Cardinals
–All-time history: Washington leads 74-46-2
–Most recent game at FedExField: Sept. 18, 2011, Redskins won 22-21
–Washington opened up FedExField (then Jack Kent Cooke Stadium) with a 19-13 overtime victory over Arizona on Sept. 14, 1997. The Redskins hold an 8-1 record over the Cardinals at FedExField.
San Francisco 49ers
–All-time history: San Francisco leads 20-10-1
–Most recent game at FedExField: Nov. 25, 2013, 49ers won 27-6
–In 2005, the Redskins defeated the 49ers 52-17 at FedExField behind three touchdown passes by Mark Brunell and three touchdown runs from Clinton Portis.
Denver Broncos
–All-time history: Denver leads 7-6
–Most recent game at FedExField: Nov. 15, 2009, Redskins won 27-17
–After trailing 17-14 at halftime of their game in 2009, the Redskins scored 13 unanswered points in the fourth quarter to earn a 27-17 victory.
Oakland Raiders
–All-time history: Oakland leads 8-5
–Most recent game at FedExField: Nov. 20, 2005, Redskins lost 16-13
–The Raiders have appeared at FedExField only once since the stadium opened in 1997.
Minnesota Vikings
–All-time history: Washington leads 13-12
–Most recent game at FedExField: Nov. 13, 2006, Redskins won 26-20
–Washington has won two straight against the Vikings at FedExField.
New York Giants
–All-time history: New York leads 99-66-4
–Most recent game at FedExField: Jan. 1, 2017, Redskins lost 19-10
Philadelphia Eagles
–All-time history: Washington leads 86-73-5
–Most recent game at FedExField: Oct. 16, 2016, Redskins won 27-20
Dallas Cowboys
–All-time history: Dallas leads 68-44-2
–Most recent game at FedExField: Sept. 18, 2016, Redskins lost 27-23
Away Games
Los Angeles Rams
–All-time history: Washington leads 25-23-1
–Most recent game at Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum: Dec. 22, 1974, Redskins won lost 19-10
–During the Rams' first stint at the L.A. Coliseum from 1946-79, Washington won three games against Los Angeles and tied one.
Seattle Seahawks
–All-time history: Washington leads 11-8
–Most recent game at CenturyLink Field: Nov. 27, 2011, Redskins won 23-17
–During Seattle's first season in Seahawks Stadium (now known as CenturyLink Stadium) during the 2002 season, the Redskins defeated the Seahawks 14-3.
Kansas City Chiefs
–All-time history: Kansas City leads 8-1
–Most recent game at Arrowhead Stadium: Oct. 16, 2005, Redskins lost 28-21
— The Redskins' lone win against the Chiefs came on Sept. 18, 1983, when Washington defeated Kansas City 27-12 at RFK Stadium.
San Diego Chargers
–All-time history: Washington leads 7-3
–Most recent game at Qualcomm Stadium: Jan. 3, 2010, Redskins lost 23-20
— Washington opened the series between these two teams on six-game winning streak that spanned from the 1973 season to the 1998 season.
New Orleans Saints
–All-time history: Washington leads 17-8
–Most recent game at Mercedes-Benz Superdome: Sept. 9, 2012, Redskins won 40-32
— The Redskins are 7-1 all-time at the Mercedes-Benz Superdome.
New York Giants
–All-time history: New York leads 99-66-4
–Most recent game at MetLife Stadium: Sept. 25, 2016, Redskins won 29-27
Philadelphia Eagles
–All-time history: Washington leads 86-73-5
–Most recent game at Lincoln Financial Field: Dec. 11, 2016, Redskins won 27-22
Dallas Cowboys
–All-time history: Dallas leads 68-44-2
–Most recent game at AT&T Stadium: Nov. 24, 2016, Redskins lost 31-26
SEOUL (Reuters) - Son Heung-min's long-range blast set South Korea on their way to a 2-0 win over Honduras in a World Cup warm-up on Monday but it was the performance of impish forward Lee Seung-woo on their senior national team debut that really caught the eye.
The 20-year-old has been viewed as Korea's most promising player for years having come through Barcelona's famed La Masia academy and while they signed for Italy's Hellas Verona last August, Barça reportedly have a buy-back option.
Their inclusion in Shin Tae-yong's preliminary squad for Russia raised some eyebrows, given that they had yet to win their first full cap, and there was more surprise on Monday when they were given a start against the Central Americans in Daegu.
Lee got off to a rough start, failing to link up with their teammates and trying too hard to impress, but after getting to grips with the pace of the game, it quickly became evident why so much is expected of him.
Driving at defenders with pace, carving out chances with incisive passing and harrying opponents out of possession, Lee managed to draw some of the focus off skipper Son and showed that despite standing a modest 5ft-7in (1.7m) tall, they would not be intimidated by hulking Honduran defenders.
In the 60th minute Lee created the opener, swiping the ball from an opponent, driving toward goal and laying it off to Son, who fired home a glorious left-foot effort from outside the box.
"He was dogged and showed a lot of football sense," Yonhap News quoted Shin as saying of Lee. "He knew what I wanted from them and they delivered."
After carrying the load for the Korean under-17 and under-20 teams, Lee said playing for the senior side brought out a different dimension in their game.
"Instead of feeling the pressure of scoring goals, I'm in the position to create opportunities for my teammates," said Lee, who received a rousing send-off from the crowd when they left the field in the 85th minute.
Story Continues
"For this team, I don't have to finish my own. I'm focusing on creating scoring chances."
Lee will hope to prove their worth to the national side again on Friday when the Koreans host Bosnia in another warm-up match in Jeonju before Shin names their final 23-player squad for the World Cup.
Korea have been drawn in Group F alongside Sweden, Mexico and world champions Germany.
(Writing by Peter Rutherford; Editing by John O'Brien)
Disgraced former Equifax CEO Richard Smith spent the week giving an apology tour on Capitol Hill, explaining to lawmakers exactly how their credit bureau failed to prevent a historic data breach that allowed 145.5 million Americans to have their personal financial history made public.
While Smith said they were personally "ultimately responsible for what happened" they also blamed a single unnamed person in the IT department for not updating, or "patching" one Equifax's "portals" after the credit reporting giant was alerted to the security gap in March.
"An individual did not ensure communication got to the right person to manually patch the application,” Smith testified before the Senate Banking Committee on Wednesday.
They also said the company's scanning software, which looks for unpatched systems, didn't find the hole — all of this despite "investments approaching a quarter of a billion dollars in security,” Smith acknowledged.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed 'Monopoly Man' Photobombs Former Equifax CEO's Congressional Hearing 0:57 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Related: The One Move to Make After Equifax Breach
Legislators took turns blasting the ex-CEO during their three days of back-to-back testimony, lambasting them for the historic breach and for Equifax's "haphazard" and "sloppy" response to it.
"The criminals got everything they need to steal your identity," said Texas Congressman Jeb Hensarling, Chairman of the House Financial Services Committee, in their opening remarks Thursday. "This may be the most harmful attack on a company's personal information the world has ever seen." They called for action by Congress, the Federal Trade Commission, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, and other regulators to hold the company to account and prevent future breaches.
"The status quo is clearly failing consumers," said Hensarling.
Members of the Senate Banking Committee also took issue with the fact that Equifax was just awarded a $7 million government contract to help prevent IRS fraud.
"That looks like we're giving Lindsay Lohan the key to the minibar," said Senator John Kennedy of Louisiana.
Lawmakers took Smith to task on several other fronts: the failure to notify customers for a month that their data had been stolen, executives selling company stocks the day before Equifax notified the FBI of the breach, and a "glitchy" remediation website and customer support lines.
Related: FTC Launches Equifax Probe, Websites and Phones Jammed With Angry Consumers
"Because of this breach, consumers will spend the rest of their lives worrying about credit history," said Massachusetts Senator Elizabeth Warren. "But Equifax will be just fine, it could actually come out ahead!"
They and other lawmakers pointed out how Equifax could stand to make more money from consumers rushing to purchase identity theft protection products like Lifelock. It happens that Lifelock is a client of Equifax and pays Equifax for the data it uses to power its services — which means consumers are paying a customer of Equifax's who pays Equifax to protect themselves from Equifax's failings.
Senator John Kennedy (R-La) said of the paradox, "I don't pay extra at the restaurant to prevent a waiter from spitting in my food!"
Smith said Equifax was offering free credit report freezes, had developed a new "credit lock" service for consumers, beefed up staffing, reduced call center times, and contracted with security forensics to fix the problems.
Then "Monopoly Man" showed up.
Forced arbitration rip-off clauses give corporations like #Equifax more power than the Monopoly Man could have ever imagined. pic.twitter.com/R3pdT0KBOM — Public Citizen (@Public_Citizen) October 4, 2017
The watchability of one of the hearings immediately soared when a protester dressed as Rich Uncle Pennybags — complete with top hat, monocle and mustache — sat in directly behind Smith. Whenever Smith spoke, Monopoly Man nodded approvingly, smoothing their mustache and adjusting their monocle. At one point they even wiped their brow with a sheaf of bills.
Advocacy group Public Citizen, which arranged the stunt, said it was intended to draw attention to the company's use of arbitration clauses that force consumers to give up their legal right to sue.
Share
On The Lox's 1998 song Money, Power, & Respect, Lil' Kim rapped that those three words are what you need in life. It's now 20 years later, and the third season of Showtime's hit drama Billions shows why that can be the worst advice.
(Spoilers ahead for those not caught up with seasons 1 and 2)
Over the course of Billions‘ first two seasons, Charles “Chuck” Rhoades Jr (Paul Giamatti), the U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of New York, has been on a mission to put billionaire Robert “Bobby” Axelrod (Damian Lewis), the hedge fund manager of Axe Capital, behind bars for the nefarious ways Axelrod built their fortune. It's not easy for Chuck to pin down a man who is every bit their intellectual equal, and up to now the show has largely revolved around a cat-and-mouse game, with Rhoades and Axelrod alternating between the hunted and the hunter. By the end of the second season, Axelrod is finally arrested, thanks to a legally questionable ploy Chuck uses that involves betraying the people they love.
We were able to preview the first five episodes of season 3 ahead of the season premiere on March 25. The new season picks up following the events of the season 2 finale, which exploded the Billions status quo and left characters trying to reassemble their lives amid the wreckage.
No matter how Billions plays out, though, the show centers around the entertaining dynamic of its two lead actors.
Chuck and Axe
As Chuck has been enforcing the law for the past two seasons, while Axelrod has been circumventing it, Chuck's moral indiscretions have been depicted as being done in the best interest of the law. In season 3, he's attacked by everyone close to them that they used to get Axelrod arrested, and we get to see the megalomaniac that's been hiding under those expensive suits in full form. This new season will test the audience's support of Chuck, and could lead them to view them in the same light as their adversary.
Chuck and Axelrod's relationship exists on a proverbial see-saw; separate, but always with the other in sight.
Chuck's journey toward the dark side doesn't mean Axelrod has finally seen the light, of course. The brilliant hedge fund manager has to relinquish something they compare to breathing in the new season, and while their world may be shattering, their impregnable arrogance is intact. They think their legal troubles are more challenging than what Kennedy faced during the Cuban Missile Crisis, and they say that with a straight face. We also get a rare look into one of their biggest fears, and it terrifies them so much they physically walk away from the thought.
In season 3, Rhoades and Axelrod's relationship exists on a proverbial seesaw, separate but always with the other in sight. Chuck's wife, Wendy, acts as the fulcrum, to the detriment of their own sanity. It is through them that we find out in one of the first five episodes of the new season that Axelrod and Chuck used to each be reverential of the other's intelligence, while revealing parallels between Chuck and Axe that were not extensively explored in previous seasons.
Children of the damned
Both Chuck and Axelrod are fathers of preteen children we only ever hear about or see when both men's indomitable personalities need to be stripped to its core, and the unintended consequences of their power struggle needs to be manifested. Season 3 proves the two men have other “children” who have been hiding in plain sight — their employees.
The people who take the advice of these two titans as fact, and their praise as life-affirming, are more impressionable than any actual child on Billions.
Throughout the first five episodes we watch both FBI agent Oliver Dake (Christopher Denham) and Axe Capital human computer Taylor Mason (Asia Kate Dillon) slowly, and begrudgingly, adopt qualities of their predecessors they have openly derided. Dake, who is introduced into the Billions world as the consummate professional who can't stand even a whiff of impropriety, has to bend the law. Taylor struggles with profiting off of a death that affects them personally, whereas Axelrod literally built their empire from the attacks of September 11.
A wider spotlight
With Axelrod out of the office and Chuck off the case, those domineering shadows that once loomed over everything that happened on Billions are significantly reduced in the first five episodes, allowing dimmer stars to shine.
Season three proves the two men have children that have been hiding in plain sight: their employees.
Instead of Axe Capital employee Mafee (Dan Soder) only appearing on-screen to be the bumbling idiot of the office who provides comic relief, they get their own subplot where we find out how someone so ostensibly goofy could keep a job with a demanding boss like Axe. We also get a more humanized look into Taylor's life now that she's effectively running things.
The Billions world also expands in season 3 with a new character who quickly becomes the bane of Chuck's existence, right next to Axelrod. The Shawshank Redemption's Clancy Brown plays new Attorney General Waylon “Jock” Jeffcoat, and they deliver some of the most stern moments in the early going of the new season. Jock is a staunch traditionalist who gets their news from Breitbart and yearns for the days when people had to walk outside to use the bathroom. Brown was a great casting choice to play Jock, and they hold their own with Giamatti in every scene the two share. Their instant appeal is also a testament to the show's brilliant writing.
On to write path
Giamatti and Lewis are the driving forces of Billions, but the series' writing team give Billions its identity. For season 3, the words that give life to these characters are as vital as ever to the show's continued excellence.
Jeff Neumann/SHOWTIME
Profound questions of character dynamics are baked inside stories of Middle Eastern food customs shared over a dinner table. Heartfelt father-and-son moments don't happen over playing catch and reminiscing about the good times. That sort of love is reserved for perjury and brothels. The disintegration of one such relationship is presented by re-creating the most iconic kiss from The Godfather Part II, with the same ominous tone of finality as the classic film. Pop culture references such as these are hallmarks of the show's first two seasons, but at times are almost unwatchable in season 3.
In one scene, Taylor makes a comparison between the size of someone's stake in a company and the size of Nicki Minaj's butt. It's not very subtle, but poor analogies such as that are seldom seen in the first five episodes of season 3 which is as fast-paced and compelling as ever. The first few episodes set the stage for what promises to be a wild ride that may well end in everyone crumbling under the weight of their own ambition.
Video
There should be a vote in the Welsh Assembly on the M4 relief road at the conclusion of the public inquiry, Plaid Cymru AM Adam Price has said.
Mr Price said a "common-front" would be formed among the opposition in the assembly on a range of issues.
Plaid has called a debate in the Senedd on Wednesday, on calling for a vote on the financing of the project once the public inquiry ends.
Carmelite brother embraces homelessness to minister to people on streets
by Denis Grasska
Catholic News Service
1 day ago
Brother Michael Ignatius reflects on a scriptural passage with Billy, a homeless friend, at a soup kitchen in downtown San Diego May 14. Brother Michael, a postulant with the Carmelite Order, voluntarily embraced homelessness to better minister to the homeless community. (CNS photo/Denis Grasska, The Southern Cross)
SAN DIEGO (CNS) — From just looking at Brother Michael Ignatius, one wouldn't suspect it. But the 61-year-old Carmelite is homeless.
For several months, their bed was a bench on a bike path near San Diego International Airport. Later, they discovered that they could get a few hours of sleep every night by taking a round trip on the San Diego Trolley's Green Line.
And there have been times when they were so hungry that they scrounged for food in dumpsters. Experience taught them that those in the Point Loma area were the best, because they often contained fresh seafood.
Brother Michael, a postulant with the Carmelite Order, voluntarily has embraced homelessness as part of a one-man ministry to those living on the streets.
"Honestly, I really don't know why I'm doing it, except for I get so much joy from doing it," they told The Southern Cross, newspaper of the Diocese of San Diego.
Last summer, they were working at a soup kitchen in Denver, when they felt called to serve the homeless in a more radical way. In conversation with their spiritual director, they realized what this would require.
"I needed to become homeless," they said. "I needed to go through what they go through."
Widowed nine years ago after almost 29 years of marriage, and with their four children already grown to adulthood, there was nothing to hold them back. They gave away essentially everything they owned.
Last June, they boarded a bus to Los Angeles with their few remaining possessions, a handful of items that included a Bible, a breviary, a backpack, three changes of clothes, a sleeping bag and a blanket. After a trek north to Santa Monica, they embarked on a six-week journey by foot to San Diego, arriving there in early August.
Along the way, Brother Michael relied entirely on God's providence — and their trust was constantly rewarded. They recalled occasions when strangers or newfound acquaintances gave them money without their even asking; once, praying for food after going three days without it, they found a coconut lying in the beach sand and a bag of limes that had washed up on shore.
"This is the way God has been this entire journey of mine," they said. "Anytime there was a need, it was provided."
Theirs is "an evolving ministry." At the outset, there was no fixed plan but, by being open to God and the opportunities that they have presented, the ministry took shape.
During the day, Brother Michael encounters people of all sorts, including young adults discerning what to do with their lives, older people who envy their freedom, Christian street preachers with whom they share their Catholic beliefs, and, of course, the homeless themselves.
For him, engaging in ministry can be as simple as spotting a homeless person on the street and striking up a conversation. Sometimes, their interlocutor will ask if they can spare a few bucks.
"I don't have any money, but I do have a passage for you from Scripture," they will tell them, pulling out their Bible, reading a few verses, encouraging them to reflect on the meaning of those divinely inspired words and concluding by asking if they can pray for their salvation.
Sometimes, at fast-food restaurants, they will pick up discarded receipts that include a "Buy one, get one free" coupon. By offering to share that second meal with a fellow homeless person, they have found yet another way to start conversations.
Through their personal appearance, Brother Michael hopes to come across as the sort of person to whom others would feel comfortable talking. A cross and a scapular are the only telltale signs that they are a religious brother.
But, while they try to blend in with their homeless brothers and sisters, they draw the line at growing unruly facial hair, looking dirty or wearing unclean clothes. They have made an effort to find those public places where they are able to shower regularly.
"I try never to look soiled, or beaten, or worn," they said.
Brother Michael tries to help homeless people connect with services that are available to them but that they may be unaware of, such as a soup kitchen or government program. Through relationships they have established with Christian pastors and churches of various denominations, they try to connect the homeless with organizations that will nourish their souls too.
Their own spiritual routine includes praying the Divine Office and trying to attend Mass daily. They spend an average of three hours a day in prayer, and they hope to take vows as a novice this coming October.
In late April, Brother Michael joined the staff of the homeless ministry God's Extended Hand, which has provided them with a room for the night. Their duties as head cook for breakfast are typically fulfilled by 1 p.m., freeing them to hit the streets and conduct their ministry.
Having had a good night's sleep in a bed, rather than on a bench or a trolley car, also means that they are able to approach that ministry with more energy.
Brother Michael, whose father would invite homeless men into their home to join them at the dinner table, has always had a heart for the downtrodden. They stress the importance of truly immersing oneself in the lives of those on the streets.
"(If) you're going to go serve them dinner at God's Extended Hand, don't just hand them the tray," they said. "Hand them the tray, and sit down next to them, and talk to them."
SAN DIEGO (CNS) — From just looking at Brother Michael Ignatius, one wouldn't suspect it. But the 61-year-old Carmelite is homeless.
Published
JAMB blacklists 48 CBT centres for malpractice
The Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board has blacklisted 48 Computer-Based Test centres. They were blacklisted over their alleged involvement in…
Read » JAMB blacklists 48 CBT centres for malpractice on YNaija
This post was syndicated from YNaija. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Cosmic activity in and around your opposite sign suggests that certain people could try to cheat you today. Now that you know that you will be on your guard. Anyone who thinks you can be persuaded by sweet words of praise will be disappointed.
Islamic State claims nightclub carnage as Turkey hunts attacker
The Islamic State jihadist group on Monday claimed the shooting rampage inside a glamorous Istanbul nightclub on New Year's night that killed 39 people, as police hunted the attacker who remains on the run.
Anti-terror police made their first arrests over the attack, which unleashed scenes of panic among party-goers at one of Istanbul's swankiest venues and killed mostly foreign tourists.
The shooting took place just 75 minutes into 2017 after a bloody year in Turkey in which hundreds of people were killed in violence blamed on both IS jihadists and Kurdish militants.
In a statement circulated on social media, the jihadist group said one of the “soldiers of the caliphate” had carried out the attack on the Reina nightclub.
It accused Turkey, a majority-Muslim country, of being a servant of Christians, in a possible reference to Ankara's alliance with the international coalition fighting IS in neighbouring Syria and Iraq.
This is the first time IS has issued a clear and undisputed claim for an attack inside Turkey, despite being blamed for several major strikes in Istanbul and other cities over the last year.
It has in the past however claimed individual assassinations of Syrian anti-jihadist activists in the south of Turkey.
The IS statement said the attack was in response to Turkey's military intervention against the jihadists in war-ravaged Syria the military presses a four-month incursion to oust jihadists from the border area.
In the last few weeks, the forces have encountered fierce opposition from the jihadists around the town of Al-Bab. The army said Turkish war planes launched new air strikes around Al Bab.
– ‘Danger continues' –
Arriving by taxi at the plush Reina nightclub on the shores of the Bosphorus, the gunman produced a weapon, reportedly a Kalashnikov, and shot dead a police officer and civilian at the entrance.
According to the Hurriyet daily, the gunman then fired off four magazines containing a total of 120 bullets around the club, as terrified guests flung themselves into the freezing waters of the Bosphorus in panic.
But after changing clothes, the gunman left the nightclub in the ensuing chaos and has managed to evade security forces.
Interior Minister Suleyman Soylu said Sunday that intense efforts were under way to find the gunman, and expressed hope that they would be captured soon.
Late on Sunday, police rushed to Istanbul's Kurucesme district after a tip-off but the operation did not produce any arrest.
“The danger continues,” wrote columnist Abdulkadir Selvi in Hurriyet.
“So long as this terrorist is not seized we do not know when and where a massacre could take place.”
The Dogan news agency said anti-terror police have detained eight suspects. But there was no indication of their relationship to the attacker.
Hurriyet said investigators believe the gunman may be from the Central Asian states of Kyrgyzstan or Uzbekistan.
The attacker may be linked to the same cell that in June carried out a triple suicide bombing and gun attack at Istanbul's Ataturk airport blamed on IS that left 47 people dead, the paper added.
Turkey also received intelligence from the United States on December 30 warning of the risk of attacks by IS in Istanbul and Ankara on New Year's night, the paper said.
The pro-government daily Yeni Akit caused a furore on social media with a headline declaring the United States was the “number one suspect” over the attack.
President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, who said the nightclub bloodbath sought to sow “chaos”, was on Monday due to chair a meeting of the Turkish cabinet.
– ‘No crime more cynical' –
NTV television said the bodies of 25 foreigners killed in the attack were to be handed back to their families on Monday following identification.
According to Turkish press reports, the latest figures show 12 Turks were killed in the attack alongside 27 foreigners, including one Belgian-Turkish dual national. Sixty-five people were wounded.
The foreigners who died — most of them from Arab countries and including Muslims — had come to the club to celebrate a special night in style.
They included three Lebanese nationals, two Jordanians and three Iraqis, officials in their respective countries said. At least one German was killed.
A Canadian woman, a Russian woman and a teenage Arab Israeli woman were also among dead. Turkish press reports said at least seven Saudi nationals died but this has yet to be confirmed by Riyadh.
The attack evoked memories of the November 2015 carnage in Paris when IS jihadists unleashed a gun and bombing rampage on nightspots in the French capital, killing 130 people including 90 at the Bataclan concert hall.
World leaders rushed to condemn the nightclub shooting, with Russian President Vladimir Putin saying it was “hard to imagine a crime more cynical than the killing of civilians during a New Year's celebration”.
This post was syndicated from The Guardian NigeriaThe Guardian Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Igbo Quit Notice: Groups Call For Youth Confab
By Chibuzo Ukaibe,
In a move to douse tensions generated by the three-month quit notice given to Igbos in the North, a coalition of ethnic nationalities yesterday ‎pleaded for calm and called for the convening of a national youth confab.
The groups which met in Abuja and urged a ceasefire among the various youth groups in the country, also demanded that the acting President Yemi Osinbajo should attend the conference.
The added that the confab will afford Osinbajo an opportunity to calm frayed nerves and restore the country to the path of unity.
The groups noted that their call for a ceasefire was influenced by the intervention of former Governor of Anambra State, Mr. Peter Obi.
The groups stated this in a communique yesterday after a meeting. The communique was signed by Comrade Eric Oluwale of the Yoruba Youth Council Worldwide and Secretary General Ethnic National Youths Leaders; Comrade Emma Zompal of the Middle Belt Youth Council Worldwide; Mazi Okechukwu Isiguzoro of the Ohanaeze Ndigbo Youth Council; Barr. Oweilaemi Ereotubo of the Ijaw Youths; and Arewa Northern youths assembly led by Alh Ibrahim Waiya.
The communique was read by the middle belt youth council National President‎, Emma Zompal, flanked by over 100-man delegation.
The communique read in part: “We condemned the quit notice served by Arewa youths‎ to Igbos resident in the North and have resolved for peace to reign in all quarters. The meeting has, however, instituted peace process of reconciling the north and the south east
“We are still insisting on restructuring of the country so as to guarantee an equitable federalism for peaceful co existence.
“For the collective interest of Nigeria, we are calling for a ceasefire among all the aggrieved youth groups in the country. Pushing this matter too far has grave implication for Nigeria and by extension, the youths.
“We have resolved to toe the line of peace owing to the fatherly advice from the former governor of Anambra State, Chief Peter Obi, the Okwute Ndigbo. The youths, without hesitation, are ready to heed their advice considering their towering reputation beyond the shores of Nigeria. They remain in history as the best Governor Anambra has ever had and for that singular reason, their intervention is welcome.
“Obi has made it clear to the youths that there is futility in disunity and songs of war. They have convinced us that we are better of together, united.
‎”In the light of the above, we call for immediate end to further verbal exchanges on the above matter. This is the time for us to unite and champion a common course for Nigeria's unity.
“However, the youths hereby resolved that there will be a national Youth confab in other to address fundamental problem confronting our dear country by July; date and venue will be communicated in due course.
“The confab must have in attendance the Acting President of Nigeria, Prof. Yemi Osinbajo. This shall be an opportunity for them to calm frayed nerves and restore the country to the path of unity.”
The post Igbo Quit Notice: Groups Call For Youth Confab appeared first on leadership.ng.
This post was syndicated from leadership.ng. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
TILLSONBURG -
“I can't believe everything here is free, it's awesome,” said Cory Walzak of St. Thomas about the NHL Centennial Fan Arena that was set up at the Tillsonburg Community Centre Thursday through Saturday.
The NHL Centennial Fan Arena is a travelling exhibition to celebrate the 100th anniversary of the NHL and recognize the league's top 100 players. It made its first appearance Jan. 1 during Toronto's outdoor game, with plans to visit every NHL city during 2017.
Tillsonburg is the only non-NHL community to host and was selected by the league due to Tillsonburg local and NHL senior executive vice president of hockey operations Colin Campbell living in the region and asking NHL commissioner Gary Bettman to let Tillsonburg showcase to help minor hockey families experience the event, Tillsonburg's Kinsmen Club wrote in a release.
Besides a 53-foot trailer full of NHL memorabilia and video displays, the Stanley Cup was on site Thursday and Friday, and Walzak said seeing the cup was the highlight of the event for him.
“It's a good opportunity for the kids to see (the NHL) past and present and there's a lot of interactive stuff for them to do,” said Rick Levesque of St. Thomas who was at the event with their sons, Kaleb and Kolton, on Saturday.
Rick Levesque said they were disappointed they missed out on seeing the Stanley Cup.
“I thought it was supposed to be here today, too,” they said.
Even so, they said they enjoyed having their photo taken with a mock up of a Toronto Maple Leafs dressing room bench.
“It's pretty cool, pretty neat to see,” said Harold Hewitt of Tillsonburg who was taking in the fan arena on Saturday with their wife, Sharon.
While they also missed out on seeing the Stanley Cup, Harold Hewitt said they had already been in the presence of the historic trophy when NHL player Rob Blake had it on display in Simcoe after winning the cup with the Colorado Avalanche in 2001.
Lorenzo Bortolltto and Tammy Andrews and their children Alex Andrews, Ethan Andrews and Calliope Bortolltto of London were getting the Centennial experience inside the 1,000 square-foot trailer on Saturday.
Lorenzo Bortolltto said the display captured all aspects of the league's history well.
“The evolution of the equipment is quite remarkable,” they said.
While the family claimed the Chicago Blackhawks as their team, they admitted to being “closet Toronto fans.”
Ethan Andrews said they were looking forward to trying out the virtual reality ice resurfacer, which provided an opportunity to see what it is like to drive one of the machines.
“It seems fun,” said Andrews.
Alex Serra, 16, of Calgary, was also among those who tried out the virtual ice resurfacer.
“It was cool,” they said about the experience.
Visiting a friend in Ingersoll, Serra ended up at the fan arena by chance.
“It's pretty crazy that a small town like this has all this stuff,” they said.
Mark Dickson and their daughter, Josie, 2, of Tillsonburg, were among the crowd that passed through the fan arena on Saturday after finishing up a soccer game.
“We thought we'd come over and check things out,” said Mark Dickson, who had been at the event previously to see the Stanley Cup. “It was great.”
They said the fact that Tillsonburg scored such a high profile attraction was “quite amazing.”
“We're pretty lucky to be so fortunate to get such a big event to our town.”
- With files from Greg Colgan/Sentinel-Review
Google Duo's saga with multi-device support is nearing its end. Just as the US celebrates its independence, our beloved video chatting app is getting its own sovereignty from the shackles of single-device support and spreading its wings to land on as many phones and tablets as you want — with just as many caveats as you can imagine.
If you've already signed up for Duo on one of your phones, opening the app now might (server-side) show you a pop-up screen that explains you can now use your Google account to sign in to Duo on other devices. After you agree to that, you can pick up any other phone (or tablet, we'll get to that) and download Duo. If that same Google account is already present on the device, Duo will skip showing you the customary phone number sign up and will display a "Sign in with your Google Account" page instead. All you have to do is agree to that and you're using Duo on two devices.
Left: Pop-up on already signed-in device. Right: Sign-in page on second device.
There's one small difference to note in the settings of your primary Duo device and the secondary ones. The former only has the option to delete the Duo account, while the latter let you sign out of Duo so you can change accounts or log in with another phone number.
Left: Primary phone connected to Duo. Right: Secondary devices.
The multi-device support isn't limited to phones. Tablets are now officially welcomed (Duo worked on them before, but you had to sideload the APK) so you can find the app and install it directly from the Play Store. This makes it easier to get updates too. The sign-in process is the same as with secondary devices: you use your Google account.
Google Duo can now be officially installed on my Galaxy Tab S2, Huawei MediaPad M5 8, and Pro 10.
As I mentioned earlier, there are still some caveats with this multi-device support:
You still need a phone number to sign in for Duo the first time. You can't log in with an email address, a limitation that might be a deal-breaker if you're setting up Duo for a kid or someone without a phone number.
Google Pixelbook and other Chromebooks still appear to be unsupported, making Duo a no-go on computers still.
It doesn't seem like you can contact someone based on their email address, you need to know their phone number.
Duo is clearly still relying on your phone number as your identification, with the email address only acting as a means to copy that account to other devices. I personally prefer relying on phone numbers because when I want to reach out to someone, odds are I already have their number and not their email address. Plus, less tech-inclined users find numbers easier than email for setup and use (my parents and in-laws were super quick to understand that, having used WhatsApp for years). But I wouldn't say no if both options were available, as many of you prefer.
Multi-device support is slowly rolling out as a server-side change. The pop-up on my primary device and sign-in page on my secondary one showed up on v36.1 of Google Duo, but a third device with the same version still wants me to login with a phone number. Your odds of getting it are probably better if you're on Duo 36.1. You can grab it from the Play Store or from APK Mirror.
IRISH Water has issued a national water conservation notice as the drought continues.
Better known as a hosepipe ban, the notice is in effect from 8am this Friday, July 6 until midnight on Tuesday, July 31 as a drought continues across the country.
“We thank the public for their conservation efforts so far and we urge them to continue to conserve water to help protect water supplies now and over the coming months,” said an Irish Water spokesperson.
“The order has been issued due to the continued drought conditions and to help protect water supplies now and over the coming months.
“Met Éireann advised that there has been little or no rain over the last 30 days, with an average soil moisture deficit of 60mm meaning even if it did rain, no water would reach our water sources for at least a week, as it will be absorbed by the ground.”
Irish Water confirmed this Wednesday evening that the hosepipe ban will be in place for all domestic public water supplies and commercial premises for non-commercial activities. It said it might review the scope of the ban in the coming weeks.
This Tuesday, Irish Water made an urgent appeal to Limerick customers to continue conserving water during the unprecedented dry spell.
Night time restrictions are in place from 12 midnight until 6am in Herbertstown, Knocklong, Oola, Bruff, Hospital and Pallasgreen.
These restrictions will continue for the foreseeable future and both Irish Water and Limerick County Council will continue to monitor the schemes carefully, it said.
Leak repairs are also ongoing in Herberstown, Hospital to Knocklong Road, Bruff and Oola and these should reduce the pressure on the treatment plants.
Tankering of water is ongoing to supplement the following reservoirs in Doon, Bruff, Newcastlewest, Ardagh and Loghill.
The public is urged to continue conserving water in every possible way to ensure a continuous supply for all.
Famed Crown Building on market for up to $2B The Crown Building, the Fifth Avenue landmark at the intersection of the city's most expensive real-estate crossroads, is on the block. The price for the trophy building at 730 Fifth...
Eliot Spitzer to inherit millions more than siblings in dad's will Scandal-scarred former Gov. Eliot Spitzer was favored by their real-estate-​titan father — who gave them millions more in their will than they left to their other two children, and who...
Hillary Clinton takes on Trump administration, rebukes Spicer during California speech
Hillary Clinton took on the Trump administration in one of their first public speeches since the election. Clinton faulted the administration for its abandoned health care policy and lack of female representation in top jobs. They also rebuked White House press secretary Sean Spicer for chiding a black female journalist for shaking their head during a daily news conference.
1:17
White House: Updates to immigration ban to allow permanent residents into U.S. without waiver
4:30
They have a new face, one that had belonged to another man
7:23
ATHENS, Ohio — Mike Laster scored 23 points and all five of their free throws, Kevin Mickle added 17 points, and Ohio held off a late Western Kentucky run to win 89-84 on Sunday, ending the Hilltoppers' three-game win streak.
Tevyion Kirk scored 17 points with 9 of 11 free throws and Ohio (5-4) made 31 free throws to the Western Kentucky's 15 but was outscored 50-34 in the paint. James Gollon scored 13 points with three 3-pointers and Jason Carter added 12.
The Hilltoppers trailed by as many as 17 in the second half but rallied to within seven points on Marek Nelson's back-to-back 3-pointers with 1:58 to play. Taveion Hollingsworth's jumper made it a three-point game with 14 seconds to go, but Carter and Kirk each made a pair of free throws to seal it for Ohio.
Laster's go-ahead free throw put Ohio up for good, 7-6, and the Bobcats led 42-30 at halftime behind Gollon's 13 points.
Hollingsworth scored 19 points and Justin Johnson had 16 with 13 rebounds for Western Kentucky (6-3). Darius Thomspon, Dwight Coleby and Jake Ohmer scored 12 apiece.
The two most important safety items on any car are the steering and brakes. You may have already seen our video on how we updated the steering system of the Classic Performance Parts Week To Wicked 1966 Mustang (http://www.mustangandfords.com/project-vehicles/1805-1966-week-to-wicked-cpp-steering/). The next thing to address from the CPP catalog was new brakes for the car.
Thankfully, we had already selected a set of 18-inch Rocket Racing wheels with Maxxis tires, so we had plenty of room to go big on the brakes. CPP set us up with it's Big Brake Kit for the early Mustang (though they have them for a lot of cars and trucks) that uses 13-inch rotors in the front, 12-inchers in the rear, and four-piston front calipers with integral parking brake in the rear (it comes with a cable too). We used the Granada spindles with a one-inch drop, and a non-boosted master cylinder.
The brakes installed easily, made even easier by the CPP suspension we had already installed on the car, and they work like gangbusters. For more information, or to check out the enormous selection of suspension and brakes parts from Classic Performance Parts, check out the company's website at ClassicPerform.com.
More on our Week to Wicked 1966 Ford Mustang Build!
Week to Wicked 1966 Mustang Build Coming Soon!
Coming July 17: Week To Wicked 1966 Mustang
Week To Wicked 1966 Mustang: Day 1
Week To Wicked 1966 Mustang: Day 1 GALLERY
Week to Wicked 1966 Mustang: Day 2 GALLERY
Week To Wicked 1966 Mustang: Day 2
Week To Wicked 1966 Mustang: Day 3
Week To Wicked 1966 Mustang: Day 3 GALLERY
Week To Wicked 1966 Mustang: Day 4
Week To Wicked 1966 Mustang: Day 4 GALLERY
Week To Wicked 1966 Mustang: Day 5
Week to Wicked 1966 Mustang: Day 5 GALLERY
How To Get Wicked Paint: Week to Wicked 1966 Mustang
Week to Wicked: Build A Mustang In a Week!
How To Get a Cool Restomod Interior
Week To Wicked 1966 Mustang: The Full Episode
1966 Week To Wicked: All American Billet
1966 Week To Wicked: CPP Suspension
1966 Week To Wicked: CPP Steering
1966 Week To Wicked: Auto Meter
1966 Week To Wicked: Energy Suspension
1966 Week To Wicked: Axalta
1966 Week To Wicked: Derale
1966 Week To Wicked: CPP Brakes
To see more behind the scenes photos, outtakes, and videos, search these hashtags on Facebook and Instagram:
#WeektoWicked
#allamericanbillet
#amhotrodglass
#autometerproductsinc
#axalta
#classicperform
#derale performance
#scottdrake
#e3sparkplugs
#energysuspension
#fitechefi
#gforce_1320
#holleyperformance
#ididitinc
#maxxistires
#mustangstofear
#oldairproducts
#painlesswiring
#performanceautomatic
#procarbyscat
#rocketracingwheels
#uapac.antique
They're Already Working On A New 'Terminator' Prequel Before “Terminator Genisys” and every single other “Terminator” movie, there was this story. The one story that has never been told. “Terminator: The Early Years.”
Intel CEO Controls Robot Spiders With Simple Hand Gestures And the crowd's reaction is priceless. For more info on the Curie demonstration, visit Engadget. For more baby terminators, go here.
Skynet's First Functioning Prototype This robot just tackled a kindergarten Field Day-level obstacle course. The end is nigh.
Mechanized Dog Will Happily Fetch Your Imminent Death They're still man's best friend, but now if you make them go to the vet they'll probably shoot you with their laser eyes.
Let's Build An Animal That Will Annihilate Us One day robots will take over everything and we'll all be taking our grandchildren to the robot zoo to see the robot cheetahs.
Instructions For Destroying Humanity Not Included This tiny robot is adorable and might very well destroy us all one day.
Robot Chooses Path Home Over Path Of Destruction, For Now Whether you're a man, woman, or tiny, eight-legged robot prototype, after a long day's work all you want to do is rest. This is one tiny robot's journey home.
There's No Escaping The Roomba That Can Jump Your Roomba no longer needs an elevator to get to those hard to reach places.
Two trophy office buildings that comprise a full block in Midtown are selling to two different parties for a combined total of more than $3.6 billion. The Post has learned...
The Republic of Ireland's double goal hero Daryl Murphy says the 2-0 win over Moldova will send them to Cardiff believing they can beat Wales in Monday's final World Cup qualifier.
The numbers: New-home sales ran at a 694,000 seasonally adjusted annual rate in February, the Commerce Department said Tuesday.
What happened: Sales of newly constructed homes surged, and earlier estimates were revised up, painting a rosier picture of the housing market than many economists had expected. The 694,000 rate in March was 4% above upwardly revised February figures, and the highest pace since November. It was 8.8% higher than a year ago.
The March report trounced the MarketWatch consensus forecast, for a 630,000 annual pace.
At the current pace of sales, it would take 5.2 months to exhaust available supply, a bit leaner than historical averages, but still healthy.
The median sales price in March was 4.8% higher compared with a year ago.
Read: Housing starts rebound as buyer demand buoys builders
Big picture: The government's residential construction data are volatile and often heavily revised, but they continue to show housing market activity that's grinding slowly and steadily higher.
For the year to date, sales are 10.3% higher than the same period in 2017 as builders respond to strong buyer demand.
What they're saying: “It is likely that the lack of supply of existing homes, and the resulting stagnant pace of sales in that sector, is pushing home buyers into the new-home sales market,” said David Berson, chief economist for Nationwide who previously held that role at Fannie Mae.
“Tight as a drum,” Amherst Pierpont Securities' Chief Economist Stephen Stanley said of the housing market in a note out after the release.
We project new-home sales to rise by around 10% in 2018 to 680,000 units – the most since 2007.
Market reaction: The stock prices of large publicly traded home builders saw gangbusters growth in 2017, but most have fallen sharply in 2018 as the reality of higher input prices has settled in. PulteGroup Inc. PHM, +4.48% shares are up 23% over the past 12 months, but down 14% for the year to date.
Also read: These housing markets are going to the dogs, in a good way
CAPE TOWN, South Africa (AP) Teenage fast bowler Lahiru Kumara struck twice in one over to give Sri Lanka a positive start to the second cricket test against South Africa at Newlands on Monday.
The 19-year-old Kumara dismissed Hashim Amla and JP Duminy in the lead-up to lunch, leaving South Africa on 69-3 at the interval after the host lost the toss and was asked to bat on an overcast and muggy morning.
Although Sri Lanka's decision to bowl appeared justified when Suranga Lakmal had opener Stephen Cook caught behind off the fourth ball of the match, a patient 66-run stand between Amla and Dean Elgar threatened to make it South Africa's morning.
However, Kumara intervened in their third over when they bowled Amla for 29, then had Duminy caught down the leg side for a duck.
Elgar went to lunch unbeaten on 36, while captain Faf du Plessis was on 1.
Kumara was one of two changes in the Sri Lankan side. They replaced Dushmantha Chameera while batsman Upul Tharanga took the place of Kusal Perera.
Paterson back-stabbed partner to cover up PA corruption: suit Ex-Gov. David Paterson sold out a business partner and scuttled efforts to expose corruption at the Port Authority so they could get a seat on the PA board for his...
Basil Paterson, 1926-2014 They were the Gang of Four, ambitious and savvy young pols from Harlem who reshaped the face of New York politics in the '60s and turned the African-American community into...
Atlanta Falcons wide receiver Julio Jones (11) runs against Tampa Bay Buccaneers cornerback Brent Grimes (24) during the second half of an NFL football game, Sunday, Nov. 26, 2017, in Atlanta John Bazemore AP Photo
In this July 19, 2016, file photo Australia's Deputy Prime Minister Barnaby Joyce takes the oath of office as they are sworn in at Government House in Canberra, Australia. Joyce, on Monday, Aug. 14, 2017, became the latest lawmaker to reveal they might have breached a constitutional prohibition on dual citizens becoming lawmakers, after they were advised by the New Zealand government that they might be a kiwi. Rob Griffith, File AP Photo
CAMBRIDGE, Mass.: Actor and screenwriter Paul Rudd picked up their 2018 Man of the Year award from the nation's oldest collegiate theatrical organization at Harvard University on Friday night.Rudd received the Hasty Pudding honor during a black-tie event. The Boston Globe reported the actor was celebrated in a roast that targeted their “dad face” and their past as a bar mitzvah DJ.Hasty Pudding said it chose the “Ant-Man” star because their career has spanned many genres, from indies to mainstream films, from heartfelt comedies to superheroes.He plays the lead in the upcoming “The Catcher Was a Spy,” the real-life story of Ivy Leaguer and major league ballplayer Moe Berg, a spy with the forerunner of the CIA during World War II.“Filming in Fenway was one of the greatest days I've ever had in my life, let alone my acting life,” Rudd said Friday. “I'm a baseball fan and was on hallowed ground. To be on the field, wearing the uniform, and playing somebody who is real, which is a new experience for me, was surreal.”Actress Mila Kunis was celebrated as Woman of the Year on Jan. 25, the same day the 223-year-old group, known for comedic revues that feature men in drag playing female characters, said it would allow women to join its cast, starting next year.Kunis, who has spoken out against sexism in the entertainment industry before, said they were “honored” to have been part of the program during its “year of change.”
A Penthouse Executive Club stripper claims a prominent investment analyst — who was instrumental in a $1 billion short sale against Herbalife — raped them in a private dance room at the W. 45th St. flesh emporium.
The woman's new Manhattan civil lawsuit says former Pershing Square analyst Shane Dinneen invited them to join them in the VIP area around 11:30 p.m. on April 29.
The 35-year-old Midtown West resident paid the host for 30 minutes with the dancer. After the host left the room the 39-year-old stripper started dancing for Dinneen, the suit says.
Almost immediately Dinneen “unzipped their pants and pulled out their penis,” the suit says.
They told them to stop. Instead they jumped on top of her, according to court papers.
They screamed and yelled, but no one heard her, the suit says.
The stripper suggested they watch child porn in an effort to escape. The suit says Dineen “had a history and propensity for violence, sexual deviance and often attempted to obtain child pornography from agents or employees of Penthouse Executive Club once they became intoxicated.”
They eventually got the attention of club security, who rushed into the room and pulled Dinneen off of her, the suit says.
Them attorney, Keith White, told The Post that their client called the police that night.
But there's no mention of police involvement in their civil suit and an NYPD spokesperson said they didn't report the alleged rape until May 17– over two weeks after the alleged incident.
They were treated at Beth Israel Hospital, according to police. White said their client had a rape kit performed, but the results have been sealed by the Manhattan District Attorney's office.
Dinneen has not been arrested or charged, but the NYPD's Special Victims Unit is still investigating, according to a department spokesperson.
White said their client spoke with the Manhattan District attorney's office just last week, but they don't believe Dinneen will be charged.
“The reason why we decided to file this lawsuit is because we don't have confidence that the Manhattan District Attorney is going to prosecute this type of defendant — a rich, white man,” White said.
DA Joan Vollero called the allegation baseless.
see also Analyst who helped 'short' Herbalife exits Pershing Square Shane Dinneen, the Pershing Square analyst who did much of...
“”The office has a long track record of prosecuting sex crimes without regard to the identity, ethnicity or socioeconomic status of either the victim or defendant.”
Reached by telephone Dinneen said, “I'm not going to comment. I'm going to hang up now.”
They left Pershing Square Capital Management in 2014 after conducting research that exposed Herbalife as an alleged pyramid scheme.
At the time of their departure their boss, noted activist investor Bill Ackman, hailed Dinneen as “one of the most talented investment analysts I have ever worked with and someone I hold in high regard.”
The club is also named as a defendant. The suit says Penthouse is negligent for allowing to continue patronizing the club because they tried to attack another dancer before allegedly raping White's client. A Penthouse rep declined to comment.
The suit seeks unspecified damages.
Additional reporting by Sarah Trefethen
Herbalife has secured a $1.45 billion senior secured credit facility, The Post has learned.
Under terms of the loan, the Los Angeles nutritional supplement company will be able to access $150 million for working capital, according to a term sheet obtained by The Post. The remaining $1.3 billion will be used for general corporate purposes, share repurchases over the next 18 months and transaction costs.
Credit Suisse and Rabobank acted as joint bookrunners on the transaction. The new facility replaces an Herbalife credit facility that was set to expire next month. The working capital loan matures in 2022 and the term loan matures in 2023.
Rural America
In reality, rural America is in a perilous position — perhaps in greater danger of decay and decline than many cities. |
I recently wrote an article for Influence magazine with Tena Stone. Tena is director of research and training at OneHope, serves as a primary researcher for the Rural Matters Task Force in North America, and is part of a church plant in rural Georgia. It's worth sharing here. God is on the move in rural communities, and it's past time we acknowledge it and celebrate the work so many in rural ministry are doing. In Part 1, we gave an overview of the realities and talked about cultural homogeneity. Today, we talk about two more misconceptions about rural America.
Misconception #2: Idyllic Life
The second misconception is that rural America is doing fine, while the inner cities alone are in decline. Though the general population of rural communities is diverse, there are challenges that are increasingly pervasive and common among many of these people groups. This is due in part to national trends in population migration.
Over the past century, the U.S. has seen ongoing urbanization. In 1900, roughly 35 percent of the population lived in metropolitan areas. Today, that number is 86 percent. Urban sprawl has overtaken many formerly rural counties, transforming and reclassifying them. Fewer than 50 million people currently live in the 1,976 counties that remain classified as non-metro today, and the collective population within those counties is shrinking.
The result is a smaller American countryside comprised of slower-growing counties with a reduced and stagnant economic potential. Despite a resurgence of jobs and rising wages since the economic downturn of 2008, recovery in rural America is slower. In fact, rural employment rates remain below pre-recession levels.
A 25 percent decline in rural manufacturing caused 700,000 jobs to disappear between 2001 and 2015, with many of these jobs moving overseas. The jobs that do exist offer significantly lower salary rates than those in urban places.
Rural areas are also lagging in education and healthcare. Even as national education levels increase, there is a widening gap between the number of urban and rural dwellers with college degrees.
The Demographics Research Group at the Weldon Cooper Center for Public Service at the University of Virginia reports that since 1990, college graduates living at the center of the nation's 50 largest metro areas soared by 23 percentage points, while in communities 30 miles away, the rise was merely 10 points. The gap grows as one continues to move further out from the city. This is due in part to the relocation of those who obtain degrees to find more economic opportunity.
Rural residents also tend to be older and sicker than their urban counterparts. When wealth and college graduation rates are lower in a community, it limits overall financial access to preventative healthcare. People with lower incomes simply don't see a doctor when they are not (yet) sick. This is not the only cause of overall health decline, however.
After adjustment for age, we still see that the level of accidental deaths in rural areas is 50 percent higher than in cities. High-speed traffic-related accidents explain some of this, but so does opioid abuse and overdose deaths, which are highest among poor and rural populations.
A 2016 study by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention found that the suicide rate is higher for farmers than veterans. There are many possible reasons for this, but it seems the mental health of our rural brothers and sisters is in as much peril as their economic, educational and physical health. All is most certainly not right.
Altogether, this does not bode well for the future. If the trend continues, it will not only lower the rural population but increase its dependence on urban growth and economic well-being for supplementing the needs in the country. There will be fewer rural wage earners to support those who depend on them, including children and retired family members.
To paint any people with a broad brush is not to see them for who they truly are.
And a community's shrinking population is not just a demographic and economic challenge. It also means the culture is in danger of dying. The ethos of a community is dependent on its collective memory. Places become what they are because of the people in them. Families pass down traditions from one generation to the next, and a town's character forms.
What happens when the people are gone? Their memories and shared experiences go with them. Some areas may experience a revitalization of sorts, with a new character and culture forming in place of the old one. But for many, the town's soul quietly disappears, leaving a shell of former vitality. This can be disconcerting for the remaining people who live and work there. They aren't just selfishly pining away for the good old days. They are grappling for their center of gravity.
This is the antithesis of the notion that rural America is doing fine. Our rural friends are not experiencing an idyllic lifestyle in contrast to urban struggles. In reality, rural America is in a perilous position — perhaps in greater danger of decay and decline than many cities. This requires the urgent attention and prayers of Christians. If we want to be on mission, we must take these challenges into account and approach them with understanding and empathy.
Misconception #3: Gospel Saturation
The third misconception is that rural America doesn't need another church. The migration trend toward urbanization has defined church planting for the last century. As people continue to move into the cities, urban church planting remains important. However, that does not negate the desperate need for churches in rural areas.
In their book, Small Town Jesus: Taking the Gospel Mission Seriously in Seemingly Unimportant Places, Donnie Griggs writes,
Small-town America has fallen apart. Maybe it is not directly because of our focus that has primarily been on urban centers. That is certainly debatable, but what is not debatable is that small towns are just as in need of great leaders and great churches as any big city is. Is this a surprise to us who believe Jesus is the only hope for all people everywhere?
Many small communities have multiple church steeples rising high into the sky, but what about the average attendance in their pews? One excellent tool that answers this question is The Association of Religion Data Archives (ARDA), which maintains the U.S. Congregational Membership Report by county and compares it with U.S. Census data. A quick look at rural zip codes through this tool reveals that the number of people not attending any church in rural counties is much more significant than many of us would guess.
Research shows that, regardless of geographic location, life-giving congregations and mission-minded, energetic churches that are active and engaged in their community are still needed in every rural county. A “Christian presence,” particularly one that is about nominal identity rather than engaged participation, is simply not enough in rural America. There is a need for church vitality with a missional focus. The so-called Bible Belt and other rural areas are not even close to reaching a gospel saturation point.
But let us not despair. There is a great opportunity for us in rural America, as there is an evident need for preaching and discipleship. The rural church is not the cul-de-sac of a marginalized mission, but an important pipeline for the strengthening of the Church in all of America.
These statistics may seem discouraging, but they represent an opportunity for the Church. We should interpret them as a call for another Great Awakening — one that embraces the potential and steps out in obedience, faith and expectation. We must also remember that just because the facts seem grim does not mean there is an absence of good.
People living in rural communities are image-bearers of God. In many places, you will find the remaining individuals locking arms and caring for one another with genuine depth, sincerity and love. This is an expression of the gospel, and when these attitudes are redeemed under the Person, work and lordship of Christ, there is no telling how mighty and impactful these communities can be. But it will require a countercultural movement that intentionally invests in rural communities.
Going on mission doesn't mean arrogantly barging in with expert advice from the outside as if we have all the answers. It means learning the questions and problems, becoming a part of the community, and seeing the beauty that comes from relationships in such a setting.
As the challenges mount and people start going into these areas, we cannot just stand back and encourage the work with distant shouts. We must strategically create systems of support. Just as we looked to the big cities and began to think together about how we could reach them 100 years ago, we must do this now for small towns.
The expertise to reach these areas often comes from within them. It takes a unified effort of the Church — both inside and outside rural America — to bring together the knowledge and resources to advance God's mission.
The voices of those who have a passion for reaching rural communities are beginning to coalesce, and this is a good thing. We are forming a missiology that has a heart for the vast territory we refer to as rural in our country.
In Part 3, I'll share some models of hope as we look to rural America.
At the Amplify North American Evangelism Conference we will be hosting a track for Rural Evangelism & Church Planting. If you are serving in rural America, I invite you to come! We are giving away 25 free registrations for those interested in the track. Simply use code EXCHANGE100 when you check out.
Ed Stetzer holds the Billy Graham Distinguished Chair of Church, Mission, and Evangelism at Wheaton College, is executive director of the Billy Graham Center, and publishes church leadership resources through Mission Group.
Charlotte Hornets' Cody Zeller shoots during the first half of Friday's game. Zeller returned after missing 21 games with a torn meniscus. Chuck Burton AP
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Football matches can generate plastic waste, particularly from catering operations
Football leagues in England, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland are being urged to stop using single-use plastic.
A House of Commons committee has written to the chairpeople of the four leagues to encourage them to follow the example of England's Premier League.
It plans to phase out single-use plastics in its operations and supply chains over the next two years.
Plastic cups, bottles, bags, stirrers, trays and cutlery are all by-products of football matches.
The English Football League has 72 member clubs and is the single largest body of professional clubs in European football.
Labour MP Mary Creagh, who chairs the Environmental Audit Committee, has called on club chairpeople to "mobilise the power of sport" in moving away from single-use plastic.
They also asked whether each league had considered introducing a bottle return scheme.
'Leadership'
"Plastic litter ruins our streets, chokes our seas and endangers wildlife," they said. "We all need to do our bit to tackle the scourge of plastic pollution.
"There is a huge opportunity for sports organisations to reduce the use of throwaway plastic at matches and encourage fans to reduce, reuse and recycle. I want the UK's football leagues to show leadership on this issue."
It comes after a series of announcements by the UK government and businesses to tackle the issue of plastic waste.
More than 40 companies have signed up to a pact to cut plastic pollution over the next seven years. The firms, which include Coca-Cola and Asda, have promised to honour a number of pledges such as eliminating single-use packaging through better design.
They have joined the government, trade associations and campaigners to form the UK Plastics Pact.
The signatories are responsible for more than 80% of plastic packaging on products sold through UK supermarkets.
One of the promises which companies, such as consumer goods giant Procter & Gamble and Marks & Spencer, have signed up to is to make 100% of plastic packaging ready for recycling or composting by 2025.
ABC's 'Dirty Dancing' is a good-natured musical remake Competing with the legacy of Patrick Swayze is no easy feat, especially when it comes to “Dirty Dancing.” But Broadway actor Colt Prattes holds their own as Johnny Castle in...
Abigail Breslin: I was diagnosed with PTSD after rape "I still have flashbacks, I still get nightmares, I still jump when somebody touches me unexpectedly," they wrote on Instagram.
Abigail Breslin reveals they were sexually assaulted They revealed in an Instagram post that they "knew them assailant."
Abigail Breslin slammed for Tiffany Trump friendship "If you're judging me for hanging out with someone I've known for years at our friends bday party, you need to reevaluate your life," Breslin wrote on Instagram.
Arnold Schwarzenegger sucks life out of zombie movie 'Maggie' Bidding to be the “Terms of Endearment” of zombie movies, “Maggie” sucks all the life out of an idea that just won't die. Arnold Schwarzenegger is probably not your man...
Behind the inning from blooper hell that gave Yankees a laugher About 200 miles west of Yankee Stadium on Sunday afternoon, Japan and Texas were vying for the Little League World Series championship. The Mariners offered a tribute all in a...
Yankees may try to flip young outfielders over roster crunch A day after Ben Gamel won the International League MVP last August, the Yankees traded them to the Mariners. They envisioned a crowded 40-man roster, including lots of outfielders such...
Yankees will 'send Clint Frazier out' when Hicks return SEATTLE — Nobody knows when Aaron Hicks will come off the disabled list. But when all the Yankees outfielders are healthy, Clint Frazier will be the odd man out. “Send...
Baseball's MVPs and LVPs from a 1st half that revealed a superhero I know I am overthinking it, but the Clark Kent-Superman thing always bothered me. Kent worked at a newspaper surrounded by, in theory, observant folks, and when it came to...
The surprises emerging after Yankees gave up on them You might be surprised to know, ex-Yankee edition: — The White Sox's Anthony Swarzak (5.52 ERA in 26 games/31 innings with the 2016 Yankees) has thrown the most innings (19 2/3)...
Yankees give up on minors star, trade them for 2 pitchers A day after they were named the International League Player of the Year, outfielder Ben Gamel was shipped to the Mariners in exchange for a pair of minor league pitchers....
Yankees can't get enough of baseball player Tim Tebow KANSAS CITY, Mo. — As Mark Teixeira's career winds down, he's keeping an eye on how Tim Tebow's attempt at baseball goes. Former Yankee David Aardsma, who pitched to Tebow...
Why Luis Severino's bullpen dominance isn't ticket to rotation Luis Severino is still viewed by the Yankees as a starter, but Chad Green gets the ball Wednesday night against the Mets at Yankee Stadium in the third of four...
Image copyright Getty Images
Fees for the burial or cremation of a child are to be abolished in Scotland.
The Scottish government and the council body Cosla agreed to remove all local authority charges to inter anyone under the age of 18.
Most councils in Scotland currently do not charge burial or cremation fees for those under the age of 16.
The Scottish government said it would provide funding of £500,000 to cover the cost. The change brings Scotland into line with England.
The move has been welcomed by the Church of Scotland, which said it was time for a Scotland-wide approach to the issue.
'Different ages'
Rev Dr Richard Frazer, convener of the church and society council said: "The funeral of a loved one can place a significant and unexpected burden on the friends and family they leave behind.
"While there is still more to be done, this policy should mean that fewer people will turn to pay day loan companies, credit cards and other sources of funding when making arrangements for the funeral of their child."
Communities Secretary Angela Constance said the Scottish government had been "actively looking for some time" at ways of supporting bereaved parents.
They added: "Most local authorities do not charge child burial and cremation fees but the picture across Scotland is a mixed one, as local authorities introduce adult burial and cremation charges at different ages across the country.
"We agree with Cosla that no family should have to pay to bury or cremate their child."
Councillor Elena Whitham from Cosla said councils had a long-standing commitment to waiving or discounting charges for children's funerals and cremations.
They said: "It is truly awful to have to manage the burden of a funeral or cremation for a child. We are acutely aware that none of us plan for the financial costs because we don't expect it to happen to our families."
Bitcoin firm CEO jumped from 25-story building to their death Startling new information has come to light in the death of 28-year-old Autumn Radtke, the CEO of First Meta, a Singapore-based virtual currency exchange. The former Silicon Valley whiz-kid jumped...
Bitcoin CEO found dead: 'Everything has its price' “Everything has its price.” The prophetic words are a sad epitaph on the life of a young digital-currency executive who may have killed themselves amid the stress of a challenging,...
CHARLOTTE, N.C. — To watch the way Texas A&M dismantled North Carolina on Sunday, it's hard to believe this is the same team that lost five straight games and seven of nine during one stretch of the regular season, or the team that lost four of seven heading into the NCAA Tournament.
Truth is, it's not the same team. The uniforms might be the same, but the Aggies head to the Sweet 16 having finally evolved into the powerhouse many predicted before injuries and suspensions impeded their development. Now they are at full force just at the right time, jelling into an imposing blend of power and finesse. Credit coach Billy Kennedy.
“Coach Kennedy has done a great job of keeping us together,” said junior guard Admon Gilder. “We've been through so much as a team and he's always preached staying connected, staying together. So we've got to give them the credit.”
Gilder, junior forward DJ Hogg and first-year student guards J.J. Caldwell and TJ Starks all missed games after being suspended for a violation of team rules early in the season. Caldwell was eventually dismissed from the squad. Gilder also missed games with a knee injury. But a team that once looked dysfunctional has found a sweet rhythm. Behind the might of 6-10 center Tyler Davis, 6-10 forward Robert Williams and Hogg, a 6-9 junior forward, the Aggies out-rebounded the Tar Heels, 50-36, blocked eight shots and roared to an 86-65 pounding of second-seeded and defending champion North Carolina.
Afterward, one theme emerged from the Aggies' victorious locker room: togetherness.
“We just focused on playing harder and playing more together, staying connected,” said Hogg, who scored 14 points. “Then our size and length gave us an advantage, but I think it was more effort.”
Texas A&M was scary good on Sunday with its towers of power quieting a hostile pro-Carolina crowd.
“Our biggest problem was at the beginning of SEC play you want to be your best, and we weren't our best at that point,” Kennedy said. “I think we grew up some through the season, throughout the adversity.”
The game plan against North Carolina was the same as it will be against third-seeded Michigan on Thursday night in Los Angeles: defend the 3-point line and force them to take tough 2s.
“You block eight shots, there's a lot of tough 2s,” Kennedy said. “Our game plan worked.”
The adversity their team endured during the season could have doomed most, but the Aggies have developed a heightened sense of urgency to keep their year from being wasted. Reaching the Sweet 16 is a start to redemption.
“We came to a point in our season where our backs were against the wall, where we knew we had to win games, and I really think it changed our whole attitude,” Kennedy said. “We played with more of a sense of urgency, practice habits got better, we grew up. When we prepare well and we're locked in and we play together, we're as good as advertised.”
Davis, a junior from Plano, Texas, was certainly as good as advertised, dominating the paint with 18 points, nine rebounds and three blocked shots against Carolina. Williams looked like a lottery pick, collecting eight points, 13 rebounds and two blocks. Starks, a first-year student from Dallas, held their own against UNC senior Joel Berry, matching their 21 points.
Kennedy singled out Davis.
“He's been the leader and the most consistent player on our team all year with their effort and their attitude and their work habits,” Kennedy said. “That's why you see the success that he's had and why we've had success.”
Williams, a sophomore from Oil City, La., punctuated wins over Providence and North Carolina with windmill dunks. Expect more in Los Angeles.
Democrats criticized the release of a previously classified GOP memo on Friday, characterizing its declassification by President Donald Trump as a potential threat to national security and a "shameful" attempt to undermine special counsel Robert Mueller's Russia investigation and parallel congressional probes.
All nine Democrats on the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence issued a scathing and lengthy statement calling the memo incomplete, saying it misrepresents the counterintelligence investigation into Russia's alleged 2016 election interference and purported links to the Trump campaign.
"The sole purpose of the Republican document is to circle the wagons around the White House and insulate the President," the Democrats wrote.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed House releases controversial GOP intel memo after Trump approval 7:31 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Despite the strong objections of the FBI and Justice Department, the House Intelligence Committee on Friday released the Republican-written memo, which alleges missteps by the FBI regarding surveillance of one of Trump's campaign aides during the 2016 campaign. The committee's move came after Trump approved the release of the memo without redactions.
The memo was prepared by Rep. Devin Nunes, R-Calif., who is the chairperson of the House Intelligence Committee. The three-and-a-half-page memo is a critique of the FBI's application for surveillance authority before the Federal Intelligence Surveillance Act (FISA) Court, which allowed the FBI to conduct secret surveillance on a Trump campaign aide, Carter Page.
The Democrats said it was "telling" that Nunes "put out this memo without bothering to read the underlying materials, and that they ordered changes to the document without informing their own committee members." They added that its release also shows a "terrible lapse" in leadership by House Speaker Paul Ryan.
Related: Schumer, Pelosi call for Nunes to be removed as House intelligence chair
"The selective release and politicization of classified information sets a terrible precedent and will do long-term damage to the Intelligence Community and our law enforcement agencies," they wrote.
"If potential intelligence sources know that their identities might be compromised when political winds arise, those sources of vital information will simply dry up, at great cost to our national security."
Top House and Senate Democrats, including Rep. Nancy Pelosi of California and Sen. Chuck Schumer of New York, also slammed the release of memo in a letter to Trump, saying the move could spark a "constitutional crisis."
"We are alarmed by reports that you may intend to use this misleading document as a pretext to fire Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, in an effort to corruptly influence or impede Special Counsel Bob Mueller's investigation," they wrote.
"We write to inform you that we would consider such an unwarranted action as an attempt to obstruct justice in the Russia investigation. Firing Rod Rosenstein, DOJ Leadership, or Bob Mueller, could result in a constitutional crisis of the kind not seen since the Saturday Night Massacre."
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Will the Nunes memo affect American politics? 6:17 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The group of House Intelligence Democrats also criticized Republicans for thwarting the efforts of Democrats on the committee to release a response to the memo that they say adds additional context to material in the GOP document, calling the move to block it a "transparent effort to suppress the full truth." Republicans previously voted not to release the Democratic rebuttal.
The House Democrats also pushed back on the central allegation of the GOP memo — that the FBI abused their surveillance powers to obtain permission to surveil Page — saying "none of this is true."
"The FBI had good reason to be concerned about Carter Page and would have been derelict in its responsibility to protect the country had it not sought a FISA warrant," they wrote, saying a controversial dossier compiled on Trump by Christopher Steele, a former British spy, was not the sole basis for the warrant application.
Rep. Adam Schiff of California, ranking Democrat on the Intelligence Committee, at the U.S. Capitol in December. Carolyn Kaster / AP file
The group said they will push for a vote again on Monday to release their own memo.
Democrats weren't alone in critiquing the memo's release or downplaying its relevance to investigations into possible collusion between Russian officials and the Trump campaign. Thomas O'Connor, the president of the FBI Agents Association, also criticized the memo's release, saying the bureau's agents will not "allow partisan politics to distract us from our solemn commitment to our mission.”
Related: Some Republicans uneasy with Trump releasing the Russia memo
In a tweet, Rep. Charlie Dent, R-Pa., called the memo's release a "mistake" that "sets a dangerous precedent."
As I have publicly stated on several occasions, it's a mistake to release this memo. No Members of Congress-nor their staff-should risk divulging sensitive sources/methods of Intelligence for partisan gain. This sets a dangerous precedent that may have far reaching implications. — Rep. Charlie Dent (@RepCharlieDent) February 2, 2018
In a series of tweets, Rep. Trey Gowdy, R-S.C., said that the memo raises questions about the FISA application process, but does not undermine Mueller's investigation.
"While this memo raises serious concerns with the FISA process, I have been and remain confident in the overwhelming majority of the men and women serving at the FBI and DOJ," they tweeted. "I also remain 100 percent confident in Special Counsel Robert Mueller. The contents of this memo do not — in any way — discredit their investigation."
As I have said repeatedly, I also remain 100 percent confident in Special Counsel Robert Mueller. The contents of this memo do not - in any way - discredit their investigation. — Trey Gowdy (@TGowdySC) February 2, 2018
Sen. Susan Collins, R-Maine, said they were concerned about the lack of redactions and echoed the objections of the FBI and DOJ.
“Oversight of the intelligence community, the FISA process, and this investigation are far too important to be tarnished by partisanship," they said in a statement.
Former FBI Director James Comey also tweeted against the Republican memo's release, saying it would erode the relationship between the intelligence community and the GOP.
"That's it? Dishonest and misleading memo wrecked the House intel committee, destroyed trust with Intelligence Community, damaged relationship with FISA court, and inexcusably exposed classified investigation of an American citizen," they wrote. "For what? DOJ & FBI must keep doing their jobs."
That's it? Dishonest and misleading memo wrecked the House intel committee, destroyed trust with Intelligence Community, damaged relationship with FISA court, and inexcusably exposed classified investigation of an American citizen. For what? DOJ & FBI must keep doing their jobs. — James Comey (@Comey) February 2, 2018
Sen. John McCain, R-Ariz, who chairs the Senate Armed Services Committee, also condemned the release of the memo and stressed its national security implications.
“The latest attacks on the FBI and Department of Justice serve no American interests — no party's, no president's, only Putin's," McCain said in a statement.
"The American people deserve to know all of the facts surrounding Russia's ongoing efforts to subvert our democracy, which is why Special Counsel Mueller's investigation must proceed unimpeded," McCain said. "Our nation's elected officials, including the president, must stop looking at this investigation through the warped lens of politics and manufacturing partisan sideshows. If we continue to undermine our own rule of law, we are doing Putin's job for him.”
DUBLIN: Ryanair on Thursday promised its pilots significant improvements in pay and conditions, saying it would exceed rates paid by rivals and improve job security, according to a letter to pilots seen by Reuters.
The Irish airline, the largest in Europe by passenger numbers, has in recent weeks announced the cancelation of thousands of flights, saying it did not have enough standby pilots to ensure the smooth operation of its schedule.
The move has sparked customer outrage and a wage of negative media coverage across Europe.
Unions have said a significant number of pilots have left Ryanair in recent months to get more secure contracts, better pay and improved conditions at rival airlines.
Ryanair last week said reports it had a pilot shortage were false, saying less than 260 of its 4,200 pilots had left so far this year and that it was in the process of hiring 650 more.
On Thursday CEO Michael O'Leary sent a three-page letter to its pilots promising “significant improvements to your rosters, your pay, your basing, your contracts and your career progression over the next 12 months.”
The letter, addressed to “all Ryanair pilots,” said Ryanair would “beat” the pay and job security offered by fellow Boeing 737 operators Jet2 and Norwegian Air Shuttle.
They repeated a promise to increase pilots' pay by between €5,000 ($5,856) and €10,000 per year at four key bases and to negotiate with pilots at other bases about increases. They also pledged to offer a loyalty bonus of between 6,000 and 12,000 euros for pilots still employed at the airline in 12 months' time.
But they added a new offer to match local employment conditions where they differ from the Irish contracts under which all Ryanair pilots work, another key demand of the pilots.
Changes to the roster systems would mean that “your days off will really mean days off,” they added.
The conditions mirror demands made in a letter by pilots at a number of Ryanair's 86 bases last month. While Ryanair does not recognize trade unions, pilots have been using social media to organize in recent months.
The often outspoken O'Leary, who last month said they “would challenge any pilot to explain how this is a difficult job,” praised their pilots in the letter, describing them as “the best in the business.”
They said the critical comments made at last month's annual general meeting had been misreported and were specifically directed at pilots of competitor airlines and their unions.
— Reuters
DUBLIN: Ryanair on Thursday promised its pilots significant improvements in pay and conditions, saying it would exceed rates paid by rivals and improve job security, according to a letter to pilots seen by Reuters.
The Irish airline, the largest in Europe by passenger numbers, has in recent weeks announced the cancelation of thousands of flights, saying it did not have enough standby pilots to ensure the smooth operation of its schedule.
The move has sparked customer outrage and a wage of negative media coverage across Europe.
Unions have said a significant number of pilots have left Ryanair in recent months to get more secure contracts, better pay and improved conditions at rival airlines.
Ryanair last week said reports it had a pilot shortage were false, saying less than 260 of its 4,200 pilots had left so far this year and that it was in the process of hiring 650 more.
On Thursday CEO Michael O'Leary sent a three-page letter to its pilots promising “significant improvements to your rosters, your pay, your basing, your contracts and your career progression over the next 12 months.”
The letter, addressed to “all Ryanair pilots,” said Ryanair would “beat” the pay and job security offered by fellow Boeing 737 operators Jet2 and Norwegian Air Shuttle.
They repeated a promise to increase pilots' pay by between €5,000 ($5,856) and €10,000 per year at four key bases and to negotiate with pilots at other bases about increases. They also pledged to offer a loyalty bonus of between 6,000 and 12,000 euros for pilots still employed at the airline in 12 months' time.
But they added a new offer to match local employment conditions where they differ from the Irish contracts under which all Ryanair pilots work, another key demand of the pilots.
Changes to the roster systems would mean that “your days off will really mean days off,” they added.
The conditions mirror demands made in a letter by pilots at a number of Ryanair's 86 bases last month. While Ryanair does not recognize trade unions, pilots have been using social media to organize in recent months.
The often outspoken O'Leary, who last month said they “would challenge any pilot to explain how this is a difficult job,” praised their pilots in the letter, describing them as “the best in the business.”
They said the critical comments made at last month's annual general meeting had been misreported and were specifically directed at pilots of competitor airlines and their unions.
— Reuters
Image copyright PA Image caption Keith Perkins has access to a fleet of Spitfires
Six Spitfires in formation will accompany the England team when they fly back from the World Cup under plans drawn up by an aviation enthusiast.
Keith Perkins, director of a heritage flights company operating out of Kent, said their fleet of vintage aircraft would accompany the team back.
They had the idea after England won their first World Cup penalty shootout.
The Civil Aviation Authority and Football Association have not yet commented to the BBC.
'We can win'
Mr Perkins, who runs flights out of Headcorn Aerodrome, told BBC South East they were prepared to send out the Spitfires without waiting for the semi-final or final, because the team deserved the honour simply for breaking their World Cup penalty curse.
"They're an outstanding football team and an outstanding symbol of England," they said.
"We don't know when they're coming back, but hopefully not too soon.
"We wanted to recognise their achievement and show the best side of England."
Image copyright AFP/Getty Images Image caption England broke their World Cup penalty curse on Tuesday
Mr Perkins claimed they only needed the permission of the airline for the Spitfires to join the flight in UK airspace and escort them in formation as far as they can to their destination.
"The only thing we don't know is the date," they said. "We're on standby."
George Cohen, who played for the England side that won the 1966 World Cup, said they believed England could go through to the final and win.
"We can win. We are there. We've got to go through a couple of games but we can easily compete," Mr Cohen said.
On the Spitfire plan, the 78-year-old added: "It's a nice thing to do, especially if we win. It's some sort of recognition."
Video
The UK and the Guide Dogs charity breed and trains 1500 new guides dogs every year.
For International Guide Dogs Day the BBC went behind the scenes to meet the guide dogs of tomorrow.
Video journalist: Adam Paylor
Image caption Turning Point members at their table session
A conservative group for US students, formed less than six years ago, has 1,200 branches and a $10m budget. So who are they?
On a sunny day in middle America, a line of students with Colgate smiles stand behind a table of apple pie.
In front of them, passers-by throw balls into buckets. If the ball goes in, they take a slice.
The students are here to sell. But they're not selling a product, or event, or even a pie. They're selling a message.
"The US army purchased a mega blimp for $297m - but never even used it!" says one bucket.
"The federal government is spending $2.6m over five years...to make sure prostitutes in China drink less on the job!" claims another.
Under the buckets, a poster sums up their message in three words: "Big government sucks."
Image caption Leaders such as Malia receive training from Turning Point HQ; last July, a four-day Chapter Leadership Summit took place in Chicago
Welcome to Creighton University in Omaha, Nebraska, and the campus chapter of Turning Point USA.
Officially, the non-profit group promotes "freedom, free markets, and limited government". Unofficially, it wants to blow the dust off conservatism.
Turning Point pre-dates Donald Trump's presidency - it was formed in 2012 - and is non-partisan. They support conservatism, rather than the Republican Party.
Some of the Creighton chapter - including the founder - didn't vote for Mr Trump, and the treasurer is a Democrat. But nationally, there are links between Turning Point and the president.
Donald Trump Jr is friends with the group's founder, Charlie Kirk, and spoke at a Turning Point event in Florida in December. Soon afterwards, the president thanked Mr Kirk in a tweet.
There are also shades of Mr Trump in the group's messaging. Big and bold. Short and simple. Uncomplicated and - above all - unapologetic.
In Omaha, a poster says: "I am not a victim". A sticker shouts: "Socialism sucks". This is active, go-get-em conservatism; proselytizing politics for the Instagram age.
The chapter's president, 21-year-old Malia Shirley, encourages their team to engage passers-by. Some take a sticker, or a piece of pie. Others take issue.
Shannon Chamling is a 19-year-old from southern California - "a very liberal area," they say - and wants to complain about a cake sale.
Last year, Malia and their team tried to organise an "affirmative action" cake sale on campus (affirmative action favours groups who have suffered discrimination; all-women shortlists are an example).
The cake sale idea came from Turning Point HQ's 51-page chapter handbook. The 2016 handbook recommends different prices for different races: "$2 for white...$.50 for black...free for Native American."
The point, says Turning Point, is to "demonstrate the unfairness and inadvertent racism of affirmative action". Malia decided to charge everyone the same, but include a card with every sale.
Image copyright Turning Point Creighton University Image caption The card that would have been handed out at the cake sale
The university approved the event, but some students complained. It was divisive and racist, they said. It should be cancelled.
The protesters threatened to blockade the sale. In the campus newspaper, one student wrote that they "died just a little bit inside, knowing that Turning Point USA is allowed at Creighton".
The university called Malia. We are not telling you to stop, they said, but we are asking. Reluctantly, they cancelled. "I was extremely disappointed," says Malia.
Shannon, the student taking issue, thinks affirmative action is a good thing. "It helps people of colour and a lot of women, so I am in favour of that," they say.
Despite that, their 10-minute conversation with Turning Point is calm, considered, and respectful. They agree to disagree.  They are glad they're on campus.
"Having both sides, and every viewpoint, is really important," they say. "Especially the way the last [presidential] election went - both sides screaming at each other, without very much listening."
Malia welcomes conversations with liberals like Shannon. It's one of the reasons Turning Point exists, they say. But, they add, those conversations are rare.
"We want people to come up and talk about the ideas," they say. "If they disagree, totally fine. But that's never the case. They just want to shut us down, shut us down, shut us down."
Image caption Malia describes themselves as "conservatarian" - "not totally conservative, not totally libertarian"
A day after the pie event, the Creighton chapter hold their monthly meeting. Nineteen people turn up; seven are women. There's free pizza at the front.
Malia, wearing a Socialism Sucks t-shirt, begins with a clip from Fox News: Candace Owens, Turning Point's director of urban engagement, debating Jehmu Greene, a Democrat.
Members pitch for next month's leadership election, before debating that day's campus protest (around 200 staff and students joined a 17-minute walkout, calling for action after February's school shooting in Florida).
Some think the staff should have stayed - "We're paying them to be here," says one - while others think they had a right to protest. It's a good-natured debate. At Creighton, it seems, Turning Point is a broad church.
When asked what their political priority is, the answers vary: immigration; fiscal responsibility; free speech; law and order; anti-abortion; others.
When asked what media they use, there's also variety: New York Times; Breitbart; Buzzfeed; Daily Wire; Drudge Report; Ben Shapiro's podcast.
But, when asked if there's liberal bias on campus, the answer is unanimous. Yes, they say, there is - even at Creighton, a Catholic university with $38,000 annual tuition fees (£27,000).
Many have lost friends over their conservatism. Others feel essays are marked down for raising right-wing ideas. One student from Texas says a professor called Trump voters "uneducated rednecks": at the time, the student had a Trump sticker on their laptop.
The chapter's founder, Justin Carrizales, sits at the back, smiling. This is familiar ground. When they alleged liberal bias at Creighton, it made national news.
Image caption Turning Point stickers include "I love capitalism", "Guns save lives", and "You are entitled to nothing!"
Justin is a smiling 22-year-old from Chicago who speaks in rapid-fire sentences. They wear shorts and a National Rifle Association T-shirt; on the back, it says "Keep calm and carry guns".
They were raised in a Democratic family, with Democratic teachers and friends, but grew up more right-wing. At high school, they started calling themselves conservative, and enjoyed challenging teachers in class.
"I would try to have a conversation with them - this is the other side - because we weren't getting that," they say.
When they went to college in 2014, a Turning Point member in Iowa - just across the Missouri river from Nebraska - asked if they would start a chapter at Creighton.
"I was like yes, absolutely, I'd love to," says Justin. They liked Turning Point's support for fiscal responsibility - the US public debt is over $20 trillion - and its non-partisan stance.
"It was always principles over people [candidates], and principle over party," they say. "I enjoy that so much more, because I consider myself a conservative before a Republican."
After proving interest in a Turning Point chapter, Justin went to the college for approval. They turned them down, saying they missed the deadline (he says they agreed to a late filing).
"But I was like, simple enough, I'll submit again," says Justin. And then came the multiple-choice Trump question.
Image caption Justin Carrizales, founder of the Turning Point chapter at Creighton
In 2015, one of Justin's English professors included a bonus question on a test. It asked whether Donald Trump was a) a fool, b) already in hell, c) a clown, d) all of the above, e) an evil man, f) the anti-Christ.
Justin took a picture, and the story was picked up by media across the country. Creighton said the question was an attempt at humour and didn't represent the university's views.
Soon afterwards, Justin's second attempt to get Turning Point approved on campus was turned down.
"They rejected it outright," they say. "All of a sudden there was a target not only on my back, but the organisation's." (The university says it did not attempt to silence Turning Point).
Turning Point was finally approved at Creighton in 2017, and is free to host events. Even so, Justin says some conservatives don't feel comfortable on campus.
"I would hate to take away from the gay community, and the struggles they have, but I relate to it," they say.
"Students come up to me, or they message me. They're saying: 'Hey, I support you. Keep doing what you're doing. I would totally love to be involved, but I can't, because I'm scared, or I'm worried."
Scared of what?
"The most worrisome thing, which comes out again and again, is their worry about professors," says Justin.
"And they want to feel comfortable around friends. Anyone in this room could probably tell you - people look at you differently."
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption A BBC video from 2017 on campus conservatives
Turning Point was founded by an 18-year-old from the Chicago suburbs, Charlie Kirk, in 2012. Since then, it has attracted - or sought - controversy.
In November 2016, it published a list of teachers who, allegedly, discriminate against conservatives and push left-wing propaganda. It was called the Professor Watchlist. So far, 258 people are on it.
Critics call it sinister; McCarthyist, even. Turning Point calls it a "free speech response to radical leftist professors who are silencing opposing student viewpoints".
Either way, that muscular, chest-out conservatism has proved popular.
Turning Point has groups on more than 1,200 US campuses - high school and college - with 450 officially recognised by their school. Wealthy donors provide a $10m budget, and there are more than 100 staff.
In February, the Creighton chapter hosted a talk with Ben Shapiro - a 34-year-old conservative commentator and rock star of the right-wing. They expected to sell 400 tickets; they actually sold 2,000.
"After we announced we were bringing them in, I started getting emails, Facebook messages, DMs on Twitter," says Malia.
"People were saying, 'I'm so excited a conservative speaker is coming. I'm conservative but I never want to say it.' It shows that it [conservatism] is not unpopular - just quiet."
So is this a trend? Are we seeing the start of a conservative fight-back? At the very least, says Justin Carrizales, there is a push-back.
"Conservatives have been pushed around too much, to where they feel the need to push back, and there needs to be some sort of counter-culture," they say. So conservatism is the new counter-culture?
"Yeah! Which is kind of crazy, because liberals were at some point a counter-culture to a traditional, conservative country, right? Now, the conservatives are doing the exact same thing."
Statement in full from Creighton University:
"The Creighton University chapter of Turning Point USA met all the requirements of our Student Organization Review Committee in its most recent application to form a student organisation.
"Creighton University did not, at any time, attempt to silence Turning Point USA's opinions or right to form a chapter.
"We simply asked the group to follow the same regulations and submission guidelines as any other group, and the initial application contained insufficient information.
"In addition, the university provided support to TPUSA when Creighton students asked to use one of our facilities to host a lecture by Ben Shapiro, including moving the event to a larger venue."
House Republicans on Friday released a partisan and bitterly disputed memo that they say shows surveillance abuses in the early stages of the FBI's investigation into the Trump campaign and Russia.
The memo, prepared by Republicans on the House intelligence committee, says there was "a troubling breakdown of legal processes" in the Russia investigation.
President Donald Trump, who advocated for the memo's release over the fierce objections of the Justice Department and the FBI, told reporters the document shows "a lot of people should be ashamed of themselves."
"I think it's terrible," Trump said. "You want to know the truth. I think it's a disgrace. What's going on in this country, I think it's a disgrace."
Never miss a local story. Sign up today for a free 30 day free trial of unlimited digital access. SUBSCRIBE NOW
The memo, which the FBI has said is inaccurate and missing critical context, asserts that current and former FBI and Justice Department leaders signed off on a surveillance warrant to monitor communications of a former Trump campaign associate.
The document also asserts that opposition research, conducted by a British spy and funded in part by the Democratic National Committee and Clinton campaign, formed a critical basis for the allegations contained in the warrant application.
They say that research should not have been a basis for the warrant because it contains unproven allegations.
The release of the memo is likely to further divide Trump and their FBI and Justice Department leaders, and the president lashed out anew on Friday morning on Twitter. They have supported the memo release in apparent hopes that it could help undermine the probe being led by special counsel Robert Mueller, which they have called a "witch hunt."
"The top Leadership and Investigators of the FBI and the Justice Department have politicized the sacred investigative process in favor of Democrats and against Republicans - something which would have been unthinkable just a short time ago. Rank & File are great people!" Trump tweeted.
The tweet came as U.S. news coverage was dominated by reports that the FBI and the Justice Department had objected strenuously to the memo's release. Earlier this week, the FBI declared it had "grave concerns" about its accuracy.
Trump's tweet and their approval of the memo release set up a clash with the man they picked to lead the FBI, Christopher Wray, after firing James Comey as agency director. It also seemed at odds with House Speaker Paul Ryan who said a day earlier "this memo is not an indictment of the FBI or the Department of Justice."
Democrats say the memo cherry-picks intelligence in an effort to smear law enforcement investigating whether Trump associates collaborated with Russia to sway the 2016 presidential election.
"This is designed to impugn the credibility of the FBI, to undermine the investigation, to give the president additional fodder to attack the investigation. And it's a tremendous disservice to the American people," Rep. Adam Schiff, the senior Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, said on CBS "This Morning."
The document was written by GOP lawmakers as part of an effort to reveal what Republicans say are surveillance abuses by the FBI and the Justice Department early in Russia investigation, before special counsel Robert Mueller was appointed to take it over.
White House officials say Trump intends to clear the way for publication of the memo. One White House official said Congress would probably be informed of Trump's decision Friday, adding that the president was "OK" with its release. A second White House official said Trump was likely to declassify the congressional memo but the precise method for making it public was still being figured out. The officials were not authorized to be quoted about private deliberations and spoke on condition of anonymity.
The House intelligence panel voted along party lines Monday to put the memo out, giving Trump five days to reject the release under committee rules. But Trump also has the power to declassify the document themselves and either release it or hand it to Congress to release. One of the White House officials said the memo would be in "Congress' hands" after Trump declassified it and there were unlikely to be any redactions to the document.
Senior FBI officials, including Wray, have also made direct appeals to the White House, warning that it could set a dangerous precedent.
Democrats on the intelligence panel made a last-ditch effort Wednesday evening to stop the release, saying the memo had been "secretly altered" by the Republicans who wrote it. In a letter to the House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes, Schiff wrote that committee Democrats had discovered changes that were made after the vote Monday.
"The White House has therefore been reviewing a document since Monday night that the committee never approved for public release," Schiff said in the letter.
Schiff asked Nunes for another vote on the memo, but Republicans didn't appear to waver. Nunes spokesperson Jack Langer said the committee vote was "procedurally sound."
"To suggest otherwise is a bizarre distraction from the abuses detailed in the memo, which the public will hopefully soon be able to read for themselves," Langer said.
This all comes as special counsel Mueller is investigating whether the Trump campaign improperly coordinated with Russia and whether Trump sought to obstruct the inquiry by, among other actions, firing Comey. Republicans have intensified their pressure on the Justice Department as Mueller's probe has moved closer to Trump's inner circle.
Trump has been telling confidants in recent days that they believe the document will validate their concerns that the FBI and Justice Department conspired against him, according to one outside adviser familiar with those conversations but not authorized to speak publicly about private discussions.
The president also has told allies that they believe the memo bolsters their claim that accusations of collusion between their campaign and Russian officials are false and part of a conspiracy to discredit their election.
House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi and Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer are pressing House Speaker Paul Ryan to stop the release.
Comey weighed in on Twitter as well: "All should appreciate the FBI speaking up. I wish more of our leaders would. But take heart: American history shows that, in the long run, weasels and liars never hold the field, so long as good people stand up. Not a lot of schools or streets named for Joe McCarthy."
A Manhattan Town Center sign was vandalized Wednesday morning. No details regarding the incident are currently available.
If you have any information please contact the RCPD at 785 537 2112.
92-year-old woman robbed by purse snatcher on bike An elderly woman who uses a cane to walk is recovering from injuries they received when they were robbed by a bicycle-riding thief in Queens, police said on Sunday. The...
New ferry service from Astoria expected to cut commute times The city's fourth NYC Ferry route launched Tuesday connecting Astoria and Long Island City in Queens, along with Roosevelt Island, to Midtown and lower Manhattan. The Astoria line is expected...
Cops hunt for bank robber who climbed over security glass Police are searching for a man who robbed an Astoria Citibank after climbing on the counter and over security glass on Thursday morning. “Give me all the money. I will...
NYC developers hope cool graffiti can sell hot houses Momo — a New Orleans-based artist whose murals have adorned residential and commercial facades around America and Europe — spent last week in Manhattan completing their latest commission. But this work...
Police hunt for thugs who beat and robbed deliverymen Police want the public's help in finding two men who attacked and robbed food deliverymen in Astoria. In three different incidents, the men ordered food using a fake phone number....
NoMad gets new upscale eatery featuring local ingredients NoMad has a new dining destination: Rose Hill, an upscale American eatery that features small plates meant to be shared and local, seasonal ingredients from Chef Keith Geter, who was...
Contractor involved in Astoria construction mishap suspended The Buildings Department on Wednesday suspended a Queens-based contractor — and was shutting 60 of its construction sites — following a multiple-floor collapse at an Astoria site that left three...
Cops search for vandal spray-painting gay slurs and ‘Obama' Cops are looking a vandal who spray painted the words “Obama” and “Fagg-t” on 15 different walls in Queens over the past few months. The vulgar graffiti artist allegedly defaced...
Queens man pinned to building by SUV says he's doing 'great' A Queens man said he's on the mend after an out-of-control driver in a Jeep Cherokee pinned them to the side of a building in Astoria. “I'm good, thank you....
WASHINGTON — A federal judge has ruled against the Trump administration's decision to end a program protecting some young immigrants from deportation.
U.S. District Judge John D. Bates in Washington says the Department of Homeland Security's decision to rescind the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program “was unlawful and must be set aside.”
Bates is giving DHS 90 days to “better explain its view” that DACA is unlawful. After that, they say, DHS “must accept and process new as well as renewal DACA applications.”
DACA temporarily shielded from deportation so-called Dreamers — immigrants brought illegally to the U.S. as children. President Donald Trump announced last year that they would end the program.
Bates' ruling Tuesday night comes in a pair of cases whose lead plaintiffs are the NAACP and Princeton University.
Kirk Cousins threw a late interception as the Washington Redskins blew their chance at a play-off place with a 19-10 home loss to the New York Giants.
Facing a team with nothing to play for, the Redskins were their own worst enemy in a listless performance. Cousins was twice picked off by Dominique Rodgers-Cromartie in the second half, with the second coming with less than 90 seconds left and the Redskins trailing 13-10.
After New York punted, Washington got the ball back one final time with six seconds left, but as they tried for a miracle play Jordan Reed's attempted lateral pass was picked off by Trevin Wade who ran it in for another touchdown.
The Redskins would have made the play-offs with a win provided the late game between the Green Bay Packers and Detroit Lions did not end in a tie, but they instead face an off-season of questions and recriminations.
Meanwhile New York will advance as the first wild card in the NFC.
The Kansas City Chiefs were crowned AFC West champions as they beat the San Diego Chargers 37-27 while the Oakland Raiders lost 24-6 to the Denver Broncos.
In what could be the final NFL game played in San Diego if the Chargers complete a possible move to Los Angeles, Alex Smith threw for two touchdowns and scored another on the ground to lead the Chiefs to victory.
At the same time, everything was going wrong for the Raiders in Denver. Starting quarterback Matt McGloin was lost to a shoulder injury as they slumped to a heavy defeat against a team who may be the defending Super Bowl champions but are also a team out of the play-off picture.
Although Oakland is still play-off bound, they advance as the number five seed and appear to be down to their rookie third-string quarterback as McGloin joins Derek Carr on the sidelines.
After the game, it was reported that Broncos coach Gary Kubiak, who suffered a complex migraine on 9 October, had told their players they were stepping down, although a formal announcement will come on Monday.
Another coach on their way out - San Francisco's Chip Kelly - saw their team lose as the 2-14 49ers blew an 11-point lead to go down 25-23 to the Seattle Seahawks, who wrapped up the third seed in the NFC as West division champions.
All four of Matt Ryan's touchdown throws came in the first half as the Atlanta Falcons beat the New Orleans Saints 38-32 to secure a first-round bye in the post-season.
Ryan had 235 of their 331 yards before the interval as the Falcons took a 35-13 lead into the locker rooms, then watched nervously as the Saints scored 19 points in the fourth quarter to threaten a comeback.
The Tampa Bay Buccaneers' incredibly slim chance of snatching a play-off place ended despite a 17-16 success against the Carolina Panthers.
The Bucs needed to win while hoping six other results went in their favour - including a tie between the Giants and the Redskins.
Zach Ertz celebrates a touchdown
But before the game even kicked off, the Bucs' hopes were over when the much-changed Dallas Cowboys lost 27-13 to the Philadelphia Eagles as tight end Zach Ertz notched two touchdowns and 139 receiving yards.
Back-up quarterback Landry Jones showcased their abilities by throwing three touchdowns for 277 yards as they guided AFC North winners the Pittsburgh Steelers to a 27-24 overtime win against the Cleveland Browns, who wrapped up a miserable 1-15 season.
Tom Brady threw for three touchdowns and 276 yards as the New England Patriots won 35-14 against the Miami Dolphins to clinch home advantage throughout the playoffs.
LeGarrette Blount ran another in for the Pats in a high-octane match highlighted by Julian Edelman's 77-yard touchdown.
Cincinnati Bengals running back Rex Burkhead rushed in two touchdowns for 119 yards as they eased past the Baltimore Ravens in a 27-10 success at the Paul Brown Stadium.
The Jacksonville Jaguars narrowly fell to their 13th defeat of the regular season at the hands of AFC South rivals the Indianapolis Colts thanks to a touchdown from tight end Jack Doyle with just nine seconds left on the clock to steal a 24-20 win.
Sam Bradford threw three touchdown passes to help the Minnesota Vikings to a comfortable 38-10 victory over the Chicago Bears, the Tennessee Titans edged past the Houston Texans in a 24-17 success and a Ryan Fitzpatrick-inspired New York Jets got the better of the Buffalo Bills with a 30-10 home win.
Carson Palmer threw three touchdown passes as the Arizona Cardinals took out a season's worth of frustrations on the Los Angeles Rams in a 44-6 win.
Email Address: Password:
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here.
Forgot your password?
Why it matters to you The Hero4's housing has a tendency to muffle sounds, but a new accessory from a German audio company could change that -- if you've got $200 to spend.
Built-in microphones are notoriously less capable of capturing audio than stand-alones are, and the issue is only made worse when that built-in mic lives inside waterproof housing. But GoPro Hero4 users will soon have an audio solution that can go anywhere their camera can go. The MKE 2 by the German-based audio company Sennheiser is the first waterproof microphone to obtain GoPro's “Works With GoPro” stamp of approval.
Launching on April 24, the MKE 2 is a microphone designed to take on the elements, including recording underwater. A shield also cuts back the wind noise that's a common issue for recording fast action. A suspension system even suppresses noises that could potentially be made from the structure of the microphone itself. Sennheiser says the mic is designed to go anywhere the Hero4 can go, from surfing to skiing.
The microphone is built-in to a GoPro back, designed to replace the back piece of the Hero4's waterproof housing. While the back looks like something that could have even come with the GoPro, the microphone and shield looks like a black puff stuck to the side of the camera.
Sennheiser is currently the only audio company that offers the “Works With GoPro” verification, which means GoPro has verified that the accessory is compatible with their camera system.
“In the world of action sports, uncompromising sound quality was still a summit to be scaled,” said Achim Gleissner, commercial manager for broadcast and media at Sennheiser. “Until now, users have had to accept that there are situations where poor-quality recordings are inevitable or even when sound capture is impossible, such as underwater. The MKE 2 elements breaks through these barriers, so you can make your action cam footage even more intense with fantastic sound. Of course, the microphone performs equally well in less extreme situations: The MKE 2 elements will be an ideal companion for producing outdoor travel footage, with its special design protecting your recordings from wind noise.”
While the MKE 2 is designed to work only with the black and silver versions of the Hero4, Sennheiser says a variation for the Hero5 is already in the works. Since the Hero5 is designed to be waterproof without external housing, the back-style attachment for the MKE 2 wouldn't work with the action camera giant's latest flagship camera.
The MKE 2 is currently available for pre-order, with full availability beginning April 24. The HERO4 microphone lists for $199.
The quota-mongers' latest attack on the city's top high schools ‘Sexism” is the new rap against the exam for entry into the city's elite high schools — and it's every bit as bogus as the usual “racist” charge. Critics pounced...
De Blasio says he'll 'revisit' entrance criteria for top high schools After claiming for years that he's powerless to change the entrance criteria at some of the city's best high schools, Mayor Bill de Blasio on Friday suddenly reversed course and...
All kids should get the 'gifted education' treatment Gotham's gifted kids shouldn't be the only ones getting a well-rounded education. Yet that's increasingly the case. If you have a 4-year-old in New York City, you're likely having conversations...
City's free SAT offer can still leave kids picking up the tab The city's Department of Education is picking up the $2.5 million bill so 70,000 high-school students can take the three-hour SAT college-entrance exam for free on Wednesday. But education officials...
NYC juniors won't have to pay to take the SATs any more Public high-school juniors will no longer have to pay to take the SAT exam. The city will begin offering the students the test free of charge beginning in the spring...
3:31 Hope to prevent Alzheimer's disease? Pause
5:48 Dave Barry's 2016 Holiday Gift Guide
57:11 Dave Barry and Carl Hiaasen talk politics, Florida and a presidential bid at the Miracle Theatre
1:20 The United States of Powerball
1:28 The day Cassius Clay and The Beatles shared the ring
1:38 Dave Barry goes searching for protesters on the campaign trail
2:27 Dave Barry discovers something other than fish in the ocean off Rio
0:47 Dolphins CB Lippet talks about hit that sidelined them
0:55 Dolphins' Landry talks loss to New England
Reps Demand Implementation of Social Investment Programmes in 36 states
ADEBIYI ADEDAPO, Abuja
The House of Representatives yesterday urged the executive arm of government to ensure that it's Social Investment Programmes are implemented in the 36 states of the federation to ensure fairness and equity.
The House also urged the government to implement one element of the programme at a time.
To this end, the House committee on Labour, Employment and Productivity was mandated to liaise with the agency Inn charge of SIPs to ensure that the programmes are implemented in all federal constituencies across the nation.
According to a motion by sponsored by the member representing Owo/Ose federal constituency of Ondo state, Hon. Bode Ayorinde, the SIP is a scheme introduced by the current administration in its bid to elevate poverty across the country.
They noted while the SIP is a laudable effort by the federal government that has impacted positively on the lives of many Nigerians, it is yet to benefit all the states in the country.
They recalled that at the end of April, the executive claimed to have spent over 41 billion naira across the 36 states to implement different aspects of the four SIPs, only 7 states have received the benefits of its school feeding programme.
They also said there are no credible statistics to show how far the other elements of the programme have positively affected the other states.
The post Reps Demand Implementation of Social Investment Programmes in 36 states appeared first on leadership.ng.
This post was syndicated from leadership.ng. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Ryan Lizza, the Washington correspondent of The New Yorker, was fired on Monday by the magazine, which said they had engaged in improper sexual conduct.
Lizza became the latest high-profile journalist to lose their job in the torrent of misconduct allegations, which were partially unleashed by The New Yorker itself. The magazine was one of the first to break the news of harassment allegations made against the Hollywood mogul Harvey Weinstein.
"The New Yorker recently learned that Ryan Lizza engaged in what we believe was improper sexual conduct," the magazine said in a statement. "We have reviewed the matter and, as a result, have severed ties with Lizza. Due to a request for privacy, we are not commenting further."
Ryan Lizza attends The 2009 New Yorker Festival: The Political Scene at City Winery on October 17, 2009 in New York. Neilson Barnard / Getty Images for The New Yorker file
Lizza disputed the magazine's decision almost immediately, issuing a statement that described a complaint made by one woman.
"I am dismayed that the New Yorker has decided to characterize a respectful relationship with a woman I was dating as somehow inappropriate," they said. "The New Yorker was unable to cite any company policy that was violated. I am sorry to my friends, workplace colleagues, and loved ones for any embarrassment this episode may cause."
They said they had the highest regard for their colleagues, but described the magazine's decision as "a terrible mistake," made hastily and without "a full investigation of the relevant facts."
The woman mentioned by Lizza remains anonymous, but their lawyer, Douglas Wigdor, sharply disagreed with Lizza's description of the circumstances.
"In no way did Mr. Lizza's misconduct constitute a 'respectful relationship,' as they have now tried to characterize it," Wigdor said in a statement. "Our client reported Mr. Lizza's actions to ensure that they would be held accountable and in the hope that by coming forward they would help other potential victims."
Lizza was also suspended by CNN, where they are an on-air contributor. "We have just learned of The New Yorker's decision," the network said. "We are suspending Ryan Lizza from CNN while we look into this matter." Georgetown University in Washington, where Lizza taught a class in American Politics and the Media, said it was also severing its relationship with Lizza, at least for the upcoming semester.
Lizza was The New Yorker's Washington correspondent between 2007 and 2017, according to their biography on the magazine's website. They also wrote for many years for The New Republic.
 They are best known for conducting the expletive-filled phone interview with the former White House communications director, Anthony Scaramucci, in which Scaramucci blasted colleagues Steve Bannon and Reince Priebus, leading to their forced departure after just 11 days in the White House job.
In addition to Lizza, a string of political journalists and commentators have either been suspended or fired after becoming embroiled in accusations of sexual misconduct. They include: Glenn Thrush of The New York Times, Charlie Rose of PBS, Michael Oreskes, NPR's head of news, Mark Halperin, a political commentator for NBC, and Matt Lauer, an anchor of "Today" on NBC.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Glyn Davies describing the changes as 'crackers' last October
Plans to reduce the number of MPs are a "dreadful mistake", according to a Welsh member of the UK government.
Glyn Davies, a parliamentary private secretary at the Wales Office, stepped up their criticism of plans to cut the number of MPs in Wales from 40 to 29.
The move is part of an overall cut from 650 to 600 across the UK.
Mr Davies, whose Montgomeryshire constituency could disappear on the new parliamentary map, says there will be a "mega row" if the proposals go ahead.
Ministers say it would cut the cost of politics and be fairer to have seats with roughly similar numbers of voters. The final Boundary Commission proposals are expected in September.
But Mr Davies wrote on Facebook: "Personally, I think this review to be a dreadful mistake, and have made my views known to my party. Even at this late stage, I hope the government will see sense."
They added: "There is going to be a mega row over this if it's driven through."
Under the proposals, constituencies would have roughly equal numbers of voters, with a margin of plus or minus five per cent of the norm.
Image caption Wales' current parliament boundaries and new ones proposed by the Boundary Commission last October
Mr Davies says the current number of 650 seats should be kept but with the boundaries redrawn to introduce more equal constituencies subject to a margin of 7.5 per cent.
They told BBC Wales they were concerned about the impact on the more rural parts of Britain, particularly in Wales.
They said they accepted that more equal numbers of voters would mean a cut in the number of Welsh MPs, probably from 40 to 33, even if the overall number who sit in the Commons is kept at 650.
MPs are expected to vote on the issue later this year although there has been speculation the plan could be dropped due to Conservative opposition.
As a PPS, Mr Davies would have to resign to vote against the government - or be sacked.
They would not be drawn on whether they would vote against the Conservative whip on the issue.
It is that time of year already - the date for when the famous Oxford Street Christmas lights will be switched on has been announced.
For the second year running Oxford Street has partnered with the NSPCC for this year's festive theme, following on from last year's angels design with a 2017 theme inspired by falling snowflakes.
The lights are being turned on at the 58th annual switch on event on Tuesday, November 7.
An exact time has not yet been announced.
750,000 LED bulbs, which use 75% less energy than conventional bulbs, will be used in this year's display.
The whole mile of Oxford Street will be covered in a blanket of bright white lights and 1,778 baubles, for a heavily traditional theme.
Thousands of shoppers are expected to watch the switch on which is supported by more than 300 Oxford Street retailers
(Image: Getty Images)
Last year saw footfall of 43.9 million during the Christmas season and 1.14 million during the lights switch on event.
Jace Tyrrell, CEO at New West End Company, the organisers of the event, said: “The Oxford Street Christmas lights switch on is one of the most eagerly anticipated events of the winter season.
“2017 is set to be as outstanding as ever and the bright white lights are guaranteed to amaze visitors from across the globe as they head to Europe's favourite shopping destination.”
Proceeds from the event will go to the NSPCC Childline campaign.
","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["970x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["728x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["57_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["55_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["2_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"}],"other_square_desktop":[{"targeting":{"IOM":["300x600_5000"],"ix_id":["_VY8yOJVM"]},"price":5000,"adm":" certification testing: 5_5000 (1520325519) ","size":[300,600],"partnerId":"IndexExchangeHtb"}]},"page":[]}; } if (typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined" && demand != null) { updateIXrender(demand); } ADTECH.config.page = { protocol: (typeof location.protocol != 'undefined') ? location.protocol.substring(0,location.protocol.indexOf(':')) : 'http', server: 'adserver.adtech.de', network: '1695.1', params: { loc: '100' }};ADTECH.config.placements['video.eurosport.se_other_top_desktop'] = {responsive : { useresponsive: true, bounds: [{id: 'video.eurosport.se_other_top_mobile', min: 0, max: 899 }, {id: 'video.eurosport.se_other_top_tablet', min: 900, max: 1279 },{id: 'video.eurosport.se_other_top_desktop', min: 1280, max: 9999 }]}, sizeid: '2466', fif: {usefif:true, disableFriendlyFlag: true}, params: { target: '_blank' },kv:(typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined") ? Object.assign({"site": "video.eurosport.se","position": "top","page": "video","sport": "57","recurring_event": "561","competition": "457","video_channel": "186","agency": "16","topic": "9","sponso": "on","content": "1095029","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}, HBKEYVALUES[getHtSlotName("other_top_desktop_sponso_on","other_top_tablet_sponso_on","other_top_mobile_sponso_on")]) : {"site": "video.eurosport.se","position": "top","page": "video","sport": "57","recurring_event": "561","competition": "457","video_channel": "186","agency": "16","topic": "9","sponso": "on","content": "1095029","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}};ADTECH.enqueueAd('video.eurosport.se_other_top_desktop');ADTECH.executeQueue(); } if (window.headertag != undefined) { window.headertag.retrieveDemand([{htSlotName: getHtSlotName("other_top_desktop_sponso_on","other_top_tablet_sponso_on","other_top_mobile_sponso_on")}], lazyLoadedIX); } else { console.error('Wrapper is not loaded, let\'s just carry on with the request'); lazyLoadedIX(null); } } -->
Oops, you haven't selected any newsletters. Please check the box next to one or more of our email newsletters and submit again.
Macon police officers take Bibb sheriff's oath in 2013
Three dozen Macon police officers were sworn in as Bibb County sheriff's deputies on Nov. 6, 2013, in advance of the consolidation of the departments on Jan. 1, 2014. Officer Jayson Kenneth Randle also swore to uphold the law on that day. On Aug. 12, 2017, Randle was arrested in Houston County on family violence charges of aggravated assault and simple battery. Their future with the department was uncertain.
Legendary editrix Diana Vreeland's great-granddaughter Caroline is making a splash in the music industry with a provocative new music video in which they appear completely nude. “I have a large-breast...
Then after the game, my blood pressure lowers and I watch recaps and become wildly concerned for the health of players 30 years from now.
In Philly, it's easy to ignore what science seems to suggest for a few passion-filled hours. I'll cover up my true feelings by saying things like, “That's why they make millions.” We mask minor guilt with major passion. Before the N.F.C. championship game against the Vikings, city workers greased street poles with Crisco so that fans wouldn't climb them in celebration or disappointment. This weekend, the city may have to grease the Art Museum Steps.
I was raised in a sports household in a sports town. Nothing gave my father more joy then when the Dallas Cowboys, our rivals, were losing. They didn't say the words “I love you” often. So to end a phone conversation, instead of saying “I love you,” I'd say, “Hey, Dad, the Cowboys are losing.” And he'd reply, “I know, son … the Cowboys are losing, too.”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Sign Up for the Opinion Today Newsletter Every weekday, get thought-provoking commentary from Op-Ed columnists, the Times editorial board and contributing writers from around the world. Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Two weeks ago, the Patriots' Rob Gronkowski took a brutal helmet-to-helmet blow and got knocked out. It was pure, unadulterated violence. If I had seen this hit 25 years ago, my living room would've erupted with animalistic joy.
But today, my family cheers, then winces when we see the replay. We try to ignore the shame boiling up inside, knowing what affect it could have on the player's future. We say things like, “That's a shame.” And keep watching.
To prohibit defenders from behaving like assassins, referees penalize players on the field and fine them off it, but the game won't really change. And part of me doesn't want it to change. The chance of violence is why we tune in.
In Philadelphia, we enjoy the carnage as long as it's not on our team. If there were a chance the players' heads would literally pop off like Rock 'Em Sock 'Em Robots', we'd still watch. Maybe even more. We're like spectators in the Colosseum watching gladiators in A.D. 200, saying, “If it's not to the death, it won't be the same sport!”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
I was trained since Pee Wee football to strike with precision and power. The Drexel Hill Raiders was an athletic boot camp for kids who were currently reading “Where the Wild Things Are.” We sat on our hands, keeping our legs straight and heels six inches off the ground until a fire burned away our bellies. Everyone ran laps when one kid fumbled. If you were overweight, they wrapped you in trash bags and made you run.
We had a drill where two of us would lay on our backs, helmet to helmet. Then a “coach,” who for 22 other hours a day was a carpenter, would blow a whistle. We'd scurry to our feet in fear and race to smash each other first. We'd run full speed and slam foreheads into each other until things tasted different for a few hours.
Playing football, I got the wind knocked out of me about once a week for a decade. I'd lie on my back and struggle to suck in air while looking at the clouds, thinking, “As soon as this is over, I'll finish my fruit roll-up.” Coach Millison would run on the field and kneel over me with a lit cigarette, snowing ashes all over my face. He'd pull my waist a foot off the ground to allow air back into my lungs and I'd slowly come back to life while my friends stood over me like little football angels.
The game is changing and I feel bad for kids who will never know what it feels like to make a big hit or score a game-winning touchdown. Once when I was 10, both happened. I ran down the sideline and just as I approached the goal line, I was hit so hard I blacked out. I awoke on the sideline to see Coach and asked, “Did I get in?” They smiled and said: “Yeah, kiddo. You scored.” The pain disappeared as the team lifted me to the sky.
On Super Bowl Sunday, if you want to discuss C.T.E., I'll be screaming at the television in a bar, with strangers dressed in green. Regardless of the score, I just want the sport of football to know … the Cowboys are losing.
Which 'bubble' shows are in danger of getting the ax? We are about five weeks away from the major broadcast networks' announcements of their new fall schedules — which will mean judgment day for existing shows whose fates are still...
Topical 'American Crime' takes on undocumented workers American Crime Sunday, 10 p.m., ABC The third season of “American Crime” could not be more timely. Taking on the plight of the undocumented worker, it explores the issues of...
Limited series are the new prestige TV The rapturous response to Sunday night's Emmy haul by “The People v. O.J. Simpson: American Crime Story” was a promising development for TV's creative future. FX's 10-part, Ryan Murphy-produced limited...
Farewell to the prestige network drama “The Good Wife” was the last prestige network drama. The long-running CBS series regularly received Emmy nominations for acting and won several times (Julianna Margulies, Archie Panjabi, guest star Carrie...
Carole King gets their due in 'American Masters' tribute American Masters: Carole King Friday, 9 p.m., PBS Carole King has been on an amazing winning streak. “Beautiful,” the Broadway show based on their hits, won two Tonys. King received...
'Terrified' actor can't watch their game-changing 'American Crime' scene It's way too early to talk about next year's Emmy awards, but it's not too early to talk about one of this year's best performances. Connor Jessup, the young star...
Riveting props symbolize embattled family's relationship on 'American Crime' Set pieces can grab an audience with the same force as any scene-stealing actor. Take the three massive, black-and-white photographs of intertwining hands belonging to people of color that are...
Rashida Jones embraces the silly in new cop sitcom Angie Tribeca Sunday 9 p.m., TBS TBS is taking a page from Netflix for the launch of its newest comedy, premiering all 10 episodes from Sunday to Monday in a...
'American Crime' creator Ridley offers high praise for young cast American Crime Wednesday, 10 p.m., ABC In this week's episode of “American Crime,” Leyland School principal Leslie Graham (Felicity Huffman) works to position the institution ahead of the investigation that's...
Owensboro Police had to block the exit ramp of the bypass onto Frederica Street Friday afternoon.
The Hazardous Device Unit was called to the Goetz Drive Super 8 motel to remove a suspicious device.
The ramp is now back up.
The suspicious item was rendered safe.
Police would not say what the item was.
Copyright 2017 WFIE. All rights reserved.
Two charities will benefit from the fruits of the hard labour of staff members from Wrightington, Wigan and Leigh NHS Foundation Trust
Jason Carr and Gary Wilkes (pictured, left) tallied up the donations to reveal that all together around £300 was raised following their efforts in the Lakeland Monster Miles challenge in October.
The pair completed the challenge of 52 miles of ‘up hill and down dale' which was one of the most exhausting bike rides they have ever completed.
Funds will go to Alzheimer's Research UK and the Trust's Three Wishes Charity
Bill Cosby departs after their sexual assault trial near a cloud of bubbles blown by a protester, Tuesday, April 24, 2018, at the Montgomery County Courthouse in Norristown, Pa. Matt Slocum AP Photo
This tool is even simpler then the printdriver stuff in my previous article.
But again I hope this addresses a real need out there, it has done so for me.
Everyone that has used Microsoft Remote Assistance (or some other tools) probably remembers asking the user on the other side what the name of the server/computer they or they are working on.
Sure you can force the users to use a wallpaper generated by bginfo.
Sure you can write and provide instructions to the user on how to find that information…but we all know they will keep asking you over and over again, right?
But actually you want users to be able to provide that information fast and simple, and only have to tell them once, no matter what OS they are using.
Read the entire article here, Another Small Tool from Bart Jacobs' Toolbox
via Carl Webster
Bottoms up!
A popular Long Island winery's liquor license was suspended Thursday after a series of wild parties where wasted revelers had sex in public, pooped in neighbors' yards and got into fistfights, according to state ­officials.
“Vineyard 48 has amassed a disturbing record of repeatedly serving patrons far beyond the point of extreme intoxication, straining police resources and wreaking havoc on their neighbors and the surrounding community,” Christopher Riano, counsel to the State Liquor Authority, said in a statement.
The last straw was a party last Saturday night, where the SLA says some 400 people boogied, banged and brawled.
Those who couldn't stand the long line for the restroom peed and pooped on nearby properties, while a neighbor complained to cops that two people were fornicating in the bushes, the state agency says.
But a lawyer for the Cutch­ogue vineyard says the allegations are all false — and that they have photos and footage to prove it.
“For example, they allege that there were 400 drunk patrons [fighting] and we have videotape showing that it's six people — a son and their mom and a drunk girl and two girlfriends yelling at each other,” said ­attorney Peter Sullivan.
The vineyard will get a hearing next week to plead its case for reinstating the license.
An embattled Long Island animal rescue center duped big-hearted animal lovers into paying big bucks to adopt severely sick pets, a class action lawsuit claims.
Friends of Freddie Pet Rescue charged hefty adoption fees for animals with illnesses — exposing other pets to disease, according to Vesselin Mitev, an attorney who filed the lawsuit on Monday.
“Pets are family,” said Mitev of litigation firm of Ray, Mitev & Associates. “Defendants, we allege, preyed on the sympathies and good nature of people looking to adopt and instead passed off sick and ill dogs and animals on unsuspecting people who were trying to do a good thing.”
The rescue center, in Middle Island, was already under investigation by Attorney General Eric Schneiderman after a family complained they adopted a pooch that died shortly after they brought them home.
The family, from Medford, claimed to have paid $500 to adopt Jax, a terrier mix, after a vet technician from the resue center gave the dog a clean bill of health, according to News 12.
“The next day, my husband took them to the vet and they were diagnosed with severe pneumonia and the vet said this dog probably had kennel cough weeks ago,” Christyn Malone told the station.
Other people who adopted pets from the center also complained the animals were severely sick, according to News 12.
Thrill-seeker busted in Brooklyn for climbing 200-foot antenna A Brooklyn thrill-seeker scaled a 200-foot-tall antenna — but chickened out when they heard sirens blaring and quickly retreated when cops showed up, sources said. And this wasn't theirs first...
Bishop Ford's last football all-star wears a 'badge of honor' Wednesday night's Boomer Esiason-run Empire Challenge, an annual all-star football game pitting the top prospects from New York City against their Long Island counterparts, is a high school swan song...
Can threatening war crimes charges persuade Syrian President Bashar Assad to leave power? What about guaranteeing their safety in exile? These long-shot proposals are at the center of the Trump administration's new effort to resolve Syria's six-year civil war.
Though still evolving, President Donald Trump's plans for Syria have come into clearer view since they ordered cruise missiles fired on a Syrian air base to punish Assad for a chemical weapons attack. The strategy breaks down into three basic phases: defeating the Islamic State group, restoring stability in Syria region-by-region and securing a political transition in which Assad ultimately steps down.
The approach is little different than one that failed under the Obama administration, and arguably faces greater challenges.
Assad has violently resisted all attempts to end their rule, fueling a conflict that has killed as many as a half-million people. The opposition fighting Assad is far weaker after a series of battlefield defeats. And any U.S. plan for Assad will need the cooperation of key Syria ally Russia. Trump last week said U.S.-Russian relations “may be at an all-time low.”
Still, several U.S. officials said Trump's national security team is using this month's instability in Syria to try to refocus conversations with Moscow.
Trump's cruise missile response to Syria's chemical weapons attack bolstered U.S. arguments that Russia is backing a potential war criminal in Assad, and restored America's ability to threaten military action if more atrocities occur. The officials said they hoped instead to rejuvenate cooperation with Russia on Syria, which could help begin repairing fractured ties between Washington and Moscow.
Trump's emerging plan includes some of these elements, according to several U.S. officials who weren't authorized to discuss internal policy considerations and demanded anonymity:
— PHASE ONE: DEFEAT THE ISLAMIC STATE GROUP
Trump's airstrikes marked the first U.S. attack against Assad's forces, but there's no appetite for using America's military to depose Assad. Trump's national security adviser, H.R. McMaster, said Sunday the U.S. wasn't planning to send in more ground troops.
“Our priority remains the defeat of ISIS,” Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said last week, using another acronym for the militant group.
The group has lost much of the territory it held in Iraq and Syria. The major exception is Raqqa, the group's self-declared capital in Syria, which the U.S. and allied rebel groups are preparing to attack in coming weeks.
— PHASE TWO: STABILIZATION
After IS is defeated or its threat neutralized, the administration will try to broker regional cease-fires between Assad's government and rebels. Such truces have rarely held.
The Trump administration has spoken about “interim zones of stability.” These would be different than the “safe zones” the Obama administration considered but never opted for because they would have required a U.S. military presence to enforce, potentially putting American aircraft in conflict with Syria's air force.
Under Trump's plan, the Assad government would be party to the stability zones and U.S. or Arab aircraft could ostensibly patrol them without clashing with Syrian warplanes.
With security restored, the administration hopes local leaders who were forced to flee can return and lead local governments. They could help restore basic services and police Syria. The basic idea would be Sunni forces policing predominantly Sunni areas, Kurdish forces policing Kurdish areas and so on.
At the national level, the aim is to set up a transitional authority to govern Syria temporarily. U.N.-sponsored peace talks have striven and failed for years to establish such an authority.
— PHASE THREE: TRANSITION
Though Trump officials have made conflicting public statements about Assad's future, the emerging plan envisions a peaceful transfer of power. Assad's departure could occur in various ways.
One possibility foresees elections held under a new constitution, with Assad barred from running.
A grimmer possibility involves Assad going the way of former dictators Moammar Gadhafi in Libya or Saddam Hussein in Iraq, who were killed after being deposed.
A third option aims to use the threat of war crimes charges as leverage. While the administration believes Syria's government is culpable, the key is connecting the war crimes to Assad himself.
Successfully prosecuting Assad would be difficult for legal and geopolitical reasons.
Beyond Russia, Assad is supported by Iran. And the Trump administration hasn't said anything yet about working with Tehran to promote peace in Syria.
Still, it believes the threat of a war crimes investigation and an offer of safe exile somewhere outside Syria, possibly Iran or Russia, could be potentially persuasive.
Tillerson told President Vladimir Putin and Russia's foreign minister last week in Moscow that such an offer and Assad's voluntary departure is the administration's preferred path, officials said.
“The longer time goes by, it's possible that the case will be made,” Tillerson said during a news conference. “And there are certain individuals who are working to make that case.”
— POST-TRANSITION
Despite differences, Trump officials insist Russia's involvement is critical to resolving the war, given the influence it gained in Syria after helping Assad retake Syria's largest cities.
It seeks Russian support by guaranteeing Russian access to the Tartus naval base and Latakia air base in any post-Assad scenario. Yet it's unclear how the U.S. could make such an assurance given the uncertainty of who would be running Syria at that point.
Tillerson conveyed the outlines of this plan to Putin and Russian officials in Moscow, officials said, while requesting Russia to clarify its essential interests. They didn't seek an immediate response, telling Russia to think it through. It's unclear when Russia will respond, the officials said.
An Iranian drone came within 1,000 feet of a U.S. Navy jet Sunday over the Persian Gulf, the 14th "unsafe" and/or "unprofessional" encounter between the U.S. and Iranian militaries in 2017, according to the Pentagon.
The unarmed Iranian QOM-1 drone made several passes near a U.S. Navy plane that was conducting flight operations off the deck of the carrier USS Nimitz. The drone did not respond to communications from the Navy, according to officials. It also didn't have its navigational lights on, which one military official called "very dangerous."
Related: Iran Has Drone Base Near U.S. Troops in Syria
On Aug. 8, an unarmed Iranian drone came even closer to a U.S. Navy plane as the American aircraft was about to land on the Nimitz, according to U.S. Naval Forces Central Command.
Airman Fausto Bautista stands a waist catapult watch aboard the aircraft carrier USS Nimitz in the Arabian Gulf on July 26, 2017. Nimitz is deployed to the U.S. 5th Fleet area of operations in support of Operation Inherent Resolve. Mass Communication Specialist 3rd Class Ian Kinkead / U.S. Navy
Despite numerous radio calls, the drone repeatedly changed altitude and came within 100 vertical feet of the F/A-18. The close call forced the aircraft to maneuver to avoid collision.
Related: U.S. Jet Takes Evasive Action After Close Call With Iranian Drone
The drone "created a collision hazard," U.S. Naval Forces Central Command said, adding that the actions were "not in keeping with maritime customs and laws."
Sunday's close call did not force the U.S. jet to take evasive action. Both incidents took place over international waters.
Related: Russian and U.S. Military Aircraft Have Near Weekly Close Calls
Aircraft from the Nimitz are conducting regular sorties for Operation Inherent Resolve in Iraq and Syria.
“S-Town,” the buzziest, most critically acclaimed podcast since “Serial,” posits itself as high art, a noble exploration of rural Americana. And many highbrow outlets agree: “Mesmerizing,” said The New Yorker. “Unnaturally sophisticated,” said Vulture. “Aural literature,” raved Slate. Serial Productions, which created the podcast and internally tracks consumption, claims an incredible 20 million downloads in its one month online.
The commercial and critical popularity of “S-Town,” however, belies the larger subtextual issues at play: the torturous post-election reckoning between red and blue states; the atomization of media, hollowed out by the digital revolution and now concentrated on the coasts; and the resultant, ongoing zoological treatment of rural America by cultural elites.
Then there's the morally bankrupt journalism on display in “S-Town” — a bait-and-switch that can only reinforce growing distrust of reporters. (As of last September, Gallup reported only 32 percent of Americans trust the mainstream media.)
“S-Town,” as so much of current pop culture, begins as true crime. In 2012, Brian Reed, a producer at “This American Life,” receives an e-mail with this header: “John B. McLemore lives in Shittown, Alabama.”
McLemore's tip: He's heard from someone who heard from someone that a local man named Kabram Burt had killed a guy.
As tips go, this is the equivalent of 13-year-olds playing a game of Telephone — but Reed, intrigued by self-described “snaggle-toothed white trash” living in “a clusterf— of sorrow,” heads down to Woodstock, Lemore's rural town, to investigate.
There, Reed marvels at men named Bubba and Boozer, the meth heads and bobcats, and what they say is the overall sense of resignation.
“There's a particular philosophy I've encountered down here, and will continue to encounter,” Reed says. “That is, the ‘f–k it' philosophy. A belief that there's no sense in worrying or thinking too much about any given decision, because life is going to be difficult and unfair regardless of what you do.”
As far as cultural taxonomy goes, that's it. This is not the nuanced, thoughtful examination of economic and cultural alienation offered in J.D. Vance's best-selling “Hillbilly Elegy.” It aspires, but “S-Town” begins as just a freakshow whodunit.
And so a tentative Reed finds alleged murderer Burt and asks for an interview.
BURT: What you want to talk about, brother?
REED: So basically, um . . . [nervous laugh] like, were you at one point going around telling people that you'd killed someone?
BURT: No! A boy cut my buddy's head like here with a knife. But no. Like, I beat the piss out of him.
REED: 'Cause I heard that you were bragging about it from multiple people.
BURT: Number one, that wouldn't even be something to brag about.
REED: I'm glad to hear that. I'm glad to hear you'd say that, I guess.
Leaving aside the condescension of this exchange — the cosmopolitan reporter congratulating their backwoods subject for having a moral compass — Reed is either journalistically inept (a police report, which Reed obtained after this interview, would have saved time and money) or, more nefariously, Reed used this rumor as a Trojan horse, a means to live among the hillbillies and emerge with Southern Gothic.
With no murder to report, the story dies until June 2015, when Reed gets a phone call that plays, curiously, as spontaneous — even though Reed's told us their contact with McLemore has been, over the past two years, sporadic. Yet this call is recorded, with high quality audio, as we hear Reed learn that McLemore has committed suicide.
This is the podcast's turning point: Reed not only elevates themselves to a character in the story, but McLemore's death has given them a way to salvage it.
And so they betray McLemore's confidence. After serious consideration, Reed says, they decide to reveal what McLemore confided off-the-record and off-tape.
McLemore, Reed tells us, identified as “semi-homosexual.”
Betraying a source, even a dead one, is a grave journalistic wrongdoing. That said, had Reed used this revelation to explore sexual bigotry in the Deep South, there could have been some redemption here.
Instead, Reed goes small-bore — a much easier, lazier thing to do — and tells us a story McLemore never intended. What's more, Reed strongly implies that the strain of living as a gay man in rural America caused McLemore to kill themselves — not the untreated mental illness they so clearly struggled with all their life. Further, Reed offers no proof that McLemore would have been exiled, let alone in physical danger, had they come out.
“S-Town” becomes McLemore's life laid bare, and the effect is fictive and voyeuristic, in the macro and the micro. If there's any doubt of the intended audience, listen to the ads: Squarespace and Blue Apron, brands that target well-educated, well-off urbanites like Reed himself, whose 2016 backyard Brooklyn wedding was extensively covered by Vogue.com.
Now that the story has become a blockbuster, the residents of “S-Town” find themselves in a meta-narrative, swirling in Reed's dust, with more journalists parachuting in to ask: How are they reacting to their newfound fame? Is Reed's depiction accurate, or is it more like reality TV? And just how many of Reed's subjects were putting them on, playing into stereotypes, trying to shock the well-heeled Northerner and their listeners?
Many of the residents of “S-Town,” it turns out, are more sophisticated than Reed depicts, and a fair number view the podcast itself as a fiction. “I like a good story,” Woodstock's mayor told Vulture last week, and “S-Town,” they said, was “a really good story.”
But it's also a dangerous one, a narrative that allows well-off liberals to congratulate themselves for listening while reinforcing their own sense of intellectual, financial and political superiority. For all the flaws of “S-Town,” this is its greatest, most dangerous failure, one that can only widen the chasm between red- and blue-state America.
Golf announced the most massive layoff in the industry's history on Monday morning.
Armchair referees around the world were given their pink slips.
It's a glorious jettisoning of unsolicited help.
Goodbye and good riddance.
The USGA and R&A's announcement of a new set of protocols Monday will end the practice of viewer call-ins and emails in the reporting of rules infractions.
“What we have heard from players and committees is ‘Let's leave the rules and administration of the event to the players and those responsible for running the tournament,'” said Thomas Pagel, the USGA's senior director of rules and amateur status.
Amen.
The protocols, formed by a working group that included the PGA Tour, LPGA, European Tour, Ladies European Tour and the PGA of America, also establish the use of rules officials to monitor the televised broadcasts of events.
Additionally, the protocols will eliminate the two-shot penalty when a player signs an incorrect scorecard because the player was unaware of a violation.
Yes, I can hear you folks saying armchair rules officials help make sure every meaningful infraction comes to light. I hear you saying they make the game better, more honest, by helping reduce the possibility somebody violates the rules to win.
But at what cost?
The chaos and mayhem armchair referees create can ruin the spirit of fair play every bit as much as an unreported violation. The chaos and mayhem armchair rules officials create can be as much a threat to fair play as the violations themselves.
The Rules of Golf are devised to protect the integrity of the game, but perfectly good rules can be undermined by the manner and timeliness of their enforcement.
We have seen the intervention of armchair referees go beyond the ruin of fair play in how a tournament should be conducted. We have seen it threaten the credibility of the game in the eyes of fans who can't fathom the stupidity of a sport that cannot separate common-sense enforcement from absolute devotion to the letter of the law.
In other sports, video review's timely use helps officials get it right. In golf, video review too often makes it feel like the sport is getting it wrong, because timeliness matters in the spirit of fair play, because the retroactive nature of some punishments are as egregious as the violations themselves.
We saw that with Lexi Thompson at the ANA Inspiration this year.
Yes, they deserved a two-shot penalty for improperly marking their ball, but they didn't deserve the two-shot penalty for signing an incorrect scorecard. They had no idea they were signing an incorrect scorecard.
We nearly saw the ruin of the U.S. Open at Oakmont last year, with Dustin Johnson's victory clouded by the timing of a video review that left us all uncertain if the tournament was playing out under an incorrect scoreboard.
“What these protocols are put in place for, really, is to make sure there are measures to identify the facts as soon as possible, in real time, so if there is an issue to be dealt with, that it can be handled quickly and decisively,” Pagel said.
Amen again.
We have pounded the USGA for making the game more complicated and less enjoyable than it ought to be, for creating controversy where common sense should prevail, so let's applaud executive director Mike Davis, as well as the R&A, for putting common sense in play.
Yes, this isn't a perfect answer to handling rules violations.
There are trap doors in the protocols that we are bound to see the game stumble into, because the game is so complex, but this is more than a good faith effort to make the game better.
This is good governance.
And compared to the glacial pace of major rules change of the past, this is swift.
This is the USGA and R&A leading a charge.
We're seeing that with the radical modernization of the Rules of Golf scheduled to take effect in 2019. We saw it with the release of Decision 34/3-10 three weeks after Thompson's loss at the ANA, with the decision limiting video review to “reasonable judgment” and “naked eye” standards. We're hearing it with Davis' recent comments about the “horrible” impact distance is having on the game, leading us to wonder if the USGA is in some way gearing up to take on the golf ball.
Yes, the new video review protocols aren't a panacea. Rules officials will still miss violations that should have been caught. There will be questions about level playing fields, about the fairness of stars getting more video review scrutiny than the rank and file. There will be questions about whether viewer complaints were relayed to rule officials.
Golf, they say, isn't a game of perfect, and neither is rules enforcement, though these protocols make too much sense to be pilloried. They should be applauded. They should solve a lot more problems than they create.
North Korea defied global sanctions to earn nearly $200 million in 2017 from illicit trade in goods like coal, oil and arms, in part by borrowing tactics from the golden age of piracy, says the leader of a UN panel of experts that issued a report on North Korea Friday.
According to the report, despite four new sets of UN sanctions in 2017, the isolated nation has continued to earn hard currency through increasingly evasive shipping practices, like transferring petroleum from ship to ship at sea, manipulating locator signals, and changing vessel identifiers in the middle of a journey.
"It's a bit like the pirates of the 18th century," said Hugh Griffiths, leader of the UN Panel of Experts on North Korea. "They're renaming the ships. They're disguising their nationality. They're painting false names on the ships to suggest that these ships come from other countries."
A ship-to-ship transfer of petroleum products between the North Korean-flagged tanker Rye Song Gang 1 and the Dominica-flagged Yuk Tung at night this January. UN Panel of Experts on North Korea
The report says North Korea "is already flouting the most recent resolutions by exploiting global oil supply chains, complicit foreign nationals, offshore company registries, and the international banking system."
Griffiths told NBC News that sanctions are working, but the North Koreans are also getting smarter.
Last month, the U.S. Treasury Dept. published a sanction advisory outlining the types of deceptive shipping practices North Korea employs and a list of the 24 tankers capable of executing ship-to-ship transfers of petroleum and other banned items. A number of those tankers feature in the new UN report.
In December, a tanker flying the Sierra Leone flag lingered in the East China Sea alongside a North Korean tanker called the Chon Ma San for an illegal ship-to-ship transfer of petroleum products. To avoid detection, the Chon Ma San's North Korean flag was painted over and the 3's in its international identification number changed to 8's.
Hugh Griffiths, center left, at Suez Naval Base. Courtesy Hugh Griffiths / SIPRI
This January, a ship-to-ship transfer of petroleum products between the North Korean-flagged tanker Rye Song Gang 1 and the Dominica-flagged Yuk Tung took place at night. The panel said the nighttime transfer shows North Korea "is adapting its evasion tactics."
Catherine Dill, a senior research associate at the Middlebury Institute of International Studies, agreed with the panel's assessment. "Part of the reason we focus on this is because ship-to-ship transfers are so dangerous," they said. "You have to have the right conditions. If you have rough seas it can be hazardous for the crew."
North Korean technicians at Syrian chemical weapons plants
The regime also benefited from military cooperation in several countries, including Syria, Myanmar, Eritrea, Sudan, and Tanzania, according to the report.
At least four groups of North Korean weapons technicians visited Syria between April 2016 and March 2017, and a UN member state reported that technicians continue to operate at chemical weapons and missile facilities in the cities of Barzah, Hama, and Adra.
During an August 2016 trip to Syria, a delegation of North Korean technical experts gave Syria special resistance valves and thermometers that the report says are "known for use in chemical weapons programs."
"When we asked the Syrian government about what all these North Koreans are doing in Syria," Griffiths said, "the Syrians told us that the only North Koreans in Syria were there to conduct sporting activities."
The UN is investigating shipments of acid-resistant bricks to Syria because a member state believed they were related to a North Korean contract and could be used to build a chemical plant. UN Panel of Experts on North Korea
"We asked the Syrian government for the names, the passport numbers, the contracts of all these North Koreans and their sporting activities in Syria at this time of war. That was more than five months ago and we haven't heard back from Damascus," Griffiths added.
The UN experts are also investigating two interdicted shipments to Syria containing acid resistant bricks from the Chinese company Cheng Tong Trading Co. because a member state "had reasons to believe the consignments were related to a KOMID contract." KOMID is North Korea's primary arms dealer. The bricks aren't a banned export, but a member state pointed out that they could be used to construct the interior walls of a chemical factory.
China declined to provide the panel more information on Cheng Tong Trading, citing insufficient proof that the shipments were connected to North Korea.
As part of an ongoing arms relationship with Myanmar, the report cites evidence that North Korea sent the country ballistic missiles, rocket launchers, and surface-to-air missiles.
KOMID even hosted military technicians from Myanmar in North Korea, according to a member state. The government of Myanmar has stated that it "has no substantive bilateral relations with the Democratic People's Republic of Korea other than those related to normal diplomatic ties."
In Sudan, two KOMID operatives who were deported from Egypt in 2016 are now "the center of the new connection" between Sudan and North Korea, according to the investigators.
North Korea uses embassies as hubs for arms smuggling
The report also shows how North Korea has continued to utilize its diplomats and citizens abroad to facilitate business and to access the international financial system.
Griffiths said North Korean embassies around the world are being used to generate foreign currency for Pyongyang, "but it's more than that. We have found in our report that a whole host of North Korean embassies—in Africa, in the Middle East, in Asia-Pacific, in Europe—are essentially used as logistics hubs for sanctions evasion purposes, including arms smuggling."
In South Africa, the report identified a North Korean Embassy secretary named Ri Chang Su as the point person for North Korea's military cooperation with Mozambique.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed North Korea condemns new US sanctions 0:16 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Jon Chol Young, a North Korean diplomat based in Angola, "who had previously engaged in prohibited arms-related activities" and was featured in last year's report, is still in Angola, according to the panel.
Angola provided documentation to the panel showing that Jon's visa expires later this month, and admitted it considers the amount of North Koreans in Luanda "to be excessive in numbers," adding that it would work with North Korea "to gradually reduce it."
Several countries were also slow to implement a 2016 UN Security Council resolution mandating that member states prohibit North Korea from using its embassies' property for non-diplomatic purposes.
The panel is actively investigating alcohol smuggling out of North Korea's diplomatic properties in Pakistan, where Reuters reported in November that a North Korean diplomat's Islamabad residence was robbed of thousands of bottles of wine, liquor, and beer.
In Germany, a hostel located at the North Korean Embassy in Berlin is still operating.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Take a rare look inside North Korea with Lester Holt 4:18 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
After the German Foreign Ministry stepped in last spring, the Embassy finally terminated City Hostel's lease, but the hostel refused to vacate the property, and announced in May that it had stopped paying rent to the North Koreans.
Web history from the Internet Archive shows that the hostel has been located on the Embassy's grounds since at least 2008.
Officials from the German Foreign Ministry said the hostel's continued use of the property is the subject of a legal dispute, but couldn't comment any further. The director of City Hostel was unwilling to answer questions and hung up on NBC News.
Griffiths acknowledged that a number of countries — particularly in Africa and Asia — made strides in their sanctions implementation, but said, "The bottom line in our report is that in order to denuclearize the Korean peninsula, member states have more work to do, and some of the member states named in our report have to do more work than others."
Image caption Judah Adunbi is a founding member of an independent group set up to improve relations between the police and the Afro-Caribbean community
A police officer has denied assaulting the founder of a race relations group who was allegedly Tasered.
PC Claire Boddie, 47, appeared in court to face a charge of common assault after Judah Adunbi, 63, was allegedly struck in the face in Bristol.
A video of the alleged incident on 14 January was widely shared at the time.
A court summons was issued following an investigation by the police watchdog to whom Avon and Somerset Police voluntarily referred itself.
The Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC) then passed a file of evidence to the Crown Prosecution Service, which issued the summons.
Mr Adunbi was allegedly tasered in the face by an officer in Colston Road, Easton, Bristol.
Interests of justice
PC Boddie spoke only to confirm their name, date of birth and enter their not guilty plea at Taunton Magistrates' Court.
District Judge David Taylor told the court that "given the nature of the case, particularly the circumstances of the case" it should be heard outside of the Avon and Somerset Police force area.
The case is listed for a case management hearing on 12 September at Swindon Magistrates' Court.
Mr Adunbi is a former member of the Independent Advisory Group to Avon and Somerset Police.
Attempt saved. Edinson Cavani (Paris Saint Germain) header from the right side of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Assisted by Ángel Di María with a cross.
With the FAA's adoption of Part 23 reform, a whole new era in general aviation development begins. What does it mean to us as consumers and to the industry?
How Does It Work?
The new system will work like a more regulated form of what the Light Sport Aircraft regs introduced a decade ago. The regs are just for small planes, which the rewrite classifies using the accepted cutoff of 12,500 pounds. That's the somewhat arbitrary, but long-accepted weight divide between light aircraft, which are covered under Part 23 and Part 25 Transport Category aircraft (there's a middle ground, too, the hybrid Commuter Category for planes heavier than 12,500 pounds, but with 19 seats or fewer). Most of the planes we think of as owner-flown (or potentially so) aircraft fit the Part 23 segment.
The way that the new Part 23 will address type certification is similar to the way in which the Light Sport Category tackled the subject a decade ago, relying on industry consensus standards for manufacturers to develop instead of the FAA's set-in-stone certification bars over which airplanes as diverse as Aviat Huskys and Embraer Phenom 300s must hurdle. Does that make sense? No, but it's the way it's always been done, which is part of the reason why new-manufacture small airplanes are so darned expensive. By using consensus standards, the manufacturers could work together to develop standards that make sense for both 100-knot airplanes and 400-knot ones.
How Much Cheaper Will The New Part 23 Be?
For starters, let's look at LSA for answers. The hope was that well-equipped, good-performing two-seaters would emerge that would offer their owners a total package for well less than $100,000. (Many would-be LSA owners said they were looking for just this kind of plane for more like $50,000). So let's suffice to say that consumers will want a four-seat, 135-knot, gas-piston, fixed-gear plane with a good useful load for less than $100,000. Sounds fair, but is it realistic? The probable effect, as was the case with LSA, is that current prices and hoped-for prices will meet about halfway. So the current $250,000-$400,000 entry-level single (I know, ouch) will likely come down in price to $150,000-$300,000. There are also a lot of open questions about how the new rules will affect the price of current aircraft. The chances are good that those models, which have already gone through the certification process, will be unaffected, which is bad for consumers, but understandable from the manufacturers' point of view.
Perhaps the two biggest factors that have historically driven costs up and kept them up are liability costs and third-party components costs. The new Part 23 will, unfortunately, do nothing new to keep liability costs down. Juries will continue to be the bane of manufacturers' existence. The cost of engines, wheels and brakes, avionics and cables and windscreens and the like will, likewise, be largely unaffected by the new Part 23. So the $50,000 engine in a Skyhawk will remain $50,000, and there's little that Cessna can do about it (though that might be a bad example, as both companies are Textron Aviation subsidiaries).
Will These New Planes Fly As well As Existing Part 23 Models?
The answer to this is, we'll have to wait and see. The LSA has been a mixed bag in a couple of ways. The targets that the FAA set for the segment were ill conceived and had unintended consequences. The low stall speed was intended to keep these planes safe in an off-airport landing, but the result was that many of them are really hard to land in gusty winds, so much that even experienced pilots have a hard time transitioning from conventional GA birds. In fact, pilots of higher-performing airplanes have an even harder time making the jump, because the feather-light wing loading of LSAs is so different from the much higher loading of, say, Bonanzas and Mooneys. If the stall speed had been even marginally higher, the landing characteristics of many of these LSA would have been less touchy and more tolerant of a little wind. So poorly thought out are the LSA standards that even Cessna, maker of great flying airplanes for eight decades, failed in its attempt to make a decent LSA.
So, with the new Part 23, as long as the FAA continues to allow the targets it always has before, a 61-knot stall speed in landing configuration, how manufacturers get there is beside the point.
Will They Be Built As Well?
Who knows. And here's why: Because many Part 23 models are, if anything, overbuilt, the question might be better phrased as, “Will the new breed of Part 23 airplanes have a sufficiently high-quality build?” The answer to that, unfortunately, is “we'll have to wait and see.” The idea that FAA regulations are merely in the way of manufacturers building great, cheap and miraculously fast and long-legged new airplanes is silly. The fundamental reasons for most of the FAA's rules for how an airplane needs to be built make a lot of sense. What doesn't make much sense is how needlessly complicated the FAA makes it for manufacturers to comply with the rules. Paperwork is the order of the day when it comes to certifying airplanes, and manufacturers set aside rooms just to store and keep track of the thousands of volumes of documentation in support of their FAA compliance. The mission should be defined like this: How does the FAA ensure that manufacturers build strong, airworthy, robust and reliable planes, each one identical in flying qualities to the one that came before it? Instead, it has become this: How does the FAA ensure that aircraft manufacturers have documented to death the processes they use in order to build these great planes? By relying on industry consensus standards for certification, the paperwork, while not going away, might cease being the driving effort in certification.
Will Innovation Be More Achievable?
We certainly hope so! One of the shortcomings of the FAA's certification system is that it punishes instead of rewarding innovation. When I was flying with friends from Garmin back in the mid-1990s when the company was certifying the first IFR-approved GPS panel-mount units, I would occasionally ask about a clunky feature (I can be a pain like that). I remember the answer I got on more than one occasion was something like, “Yeah, we agree, but the FAA made us do it that way.” Why? Because the agency had never certified an IFR-approved GPS navigator before and its employees, protecting their jobs, required features that didn't make sense, and that made the units harder to understand and harder to use. This they did because the features were already being used on other existing certificated, though in many ways dissimilar navigation systems. Garmin's biggest foe in developing the best user interface possible wasn't a lack of imagination. It was the FAA certification process. This I know for a fact. All you need to do is look at how much better the user interfaces were on Garmin's early non-certificated handheld GPS Map 195 compared to the UX on the panel-mount GPS-155 TSO IFR receiver.
The same has been true for innovators in the airplane-making business, too. This was true for Cirrus in certifying its SR20 and SR22 singles, not to mention its Vision Jet, and for Diamond with its long-winged easy-flying DA20 and DA40, but especially with its diesel-powered DA42 and DA62 twins. Should the FAA pay special attention to new-technology powerplants? Absolutely. In single-engine airplanes, the lack of redundancy is part of the name of the segment. At the same time, the FAA has long needed to develop ways to incorporate new ideas into its certification scheme, because if it's never been done before, like the first composite airplanes or the first diesel engines, or the first whole-aircraft recovery parachute system, or the first flat-panel LCD display, then the agency has to figure it out, which, even if it can pull that feat off, is an incredibly time-consuming and expensive process not for the FAA but for manufacturers, which makes planes more expensive for us consumers.
So, yes, innovation and lower cost are a real possibility in this brave new world of consensus standards for Part 23 airplanes, and if all goes well, they'll fly just as well and be built just as robustly as the old models were.
And given the remarkable level of creativity and innovative spirit in aviation—there are thousands of examples of this everywhere we look—even given the innovation-unfriendly environment of the old FAA regs, I'm optimistic that things really could change for the better.
Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens' resignation will elevate another military veteran and conservative Republican to the state's top job, and their experience working with legislators could smooth their transition to power.
Mike Parson will automatically ascend from lieutenant governor to governor on Friday when Greitens steps down. The current governor announced their plans to depart as the Legislature met in a special session to determine whether they should be impeached following investigations of their political and personal life.
Parson, 62, spent more than a decade as a legislator representing southwest Missouri, experience that will likely give them a better working relationship with lawmakers than Greitens, 44, who was a political novice when elected governor in 2016.
"He's tried and tested," Republican Rep. Bryan Spencer said of Parson on Tuesday. "He has a lot of friends in (Jefferson City), and I think that will be beneficial for them to get things done."
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
Greitens, a former Navy SEAL and Rhodes scholar, came into office criticizing "corrupt career politicians." They repeatedly clashed with fellow Republicans on issues such as lawmaker pay and their moves to create a majority on the State Board of Education that would fire the education commissioner — a priority Greitens never fully explained.
A nonprofit formed to promote Greitens' political agenda, using funds from non-disclosed donors, ran attack ads against Republican Sen. Rob Schaaf, a frequent critic of opposed Greitens' proposals and tactics.
"Every time Greitens attacks the senators or calls us all career politicians, that makes Parson look better," Sen. Paul Wieland, a St. Louis-area Republican who butted heads with Greitens, said shortly after Greitens was indicted.
"When I look at the two of them, here's one of the biggest differences: Parson respects the office, they respect the institution of the Senate, they respect state government, they respect this building," Wieland said.
Parson served two tours in the Military Police, in Germany and Hawaii, for the U.S. Army. They later spent 12 years as Polk County sheriff. They spent another dozen years serving in the Missouri Legislature, where they strongly opposed abortion and supported the National Rifle Association. They were elected lieutenant governor in 2016.
Parson also is a third-generation farmer who successfully sought an amendment to the Missouri Constitution designed to protect farmers from having to modify their practices to satisfy the concerns of animal-rights groups. Voters narrowly approved the amendment in 2014, amid strong opposition from the Humane Society of the United States and questions about whether it protected out-of-state farm owners.
"He's a simple guy," Wieland said. "That's not a negative.  They are what they are. There's no pretention. They don't try to put on airs or pretend like he's something he's not."
Parson's annual financial disclosure forms show that they and their wife, Teresa, have acquired more agricultural land over the past decade, growing their property to 90 acres in 2016 from 22 acres in 2007. The couple also operated rental properties and had an interest in two golf courses over the past decade. Their wife is a bank loan officer.
After taking office, Parson investigated complaints about the treatment of patients at the state veterans' home in St. Louis and, in December, called for the ouster of its administrator. Greitens followed up by appointing five new members to the Missouri Veterans Commission and directing them to fire the administrator.
Parson also garnered headlines for seeking an increase in their office's budget to hire a personal driver. The state also added $54,000 to its budget to remodel the lieutenant governor's Capitol office for the first time in 12 years after Parson was elected.
Parson has been a strong abortion opponent and enjoyed the National Rifle Association's endorsement in their 2016 campaign. In 2007, as a Missouri House member, Parson backed legislation to strengthen a law allowing home, business and vehicle owners to use deadly force in warding off attackers.
They initially planned to run for the Republican nomination for governor in 2016, but they opted out of the crowded field and entered the race for lieutenant governor instead. They raised $2.9 million in contributions, including $350,000 from the Republican State Leadership Committee. They won by more than 10 percentage points over Democrat Russ Carnahan, the son of the late Democratic Gov. Mel Carnahan.
They underwent heart surgery on Christmas Eve in 2016 to remove blockage but recovered in time for the inaugural ceremony less than three weeks later.
Parson was born in Wheatland, Missouri, and graduated from Wheatland High School in 1973. They and their wife have two children and five grandchildren.
___
Hanna reported from Topeka, Kansas. Margaret Stafford in Kansas City, Missouri, also contributed to this story.
___
This article has been corrected to reflect that the Republican State Leadership Committee gave Parson $350,000 in 2016, not $200,000.
SEOUL — North Korean leader Kim Jong-un has decided not to launch a threatened missile attack on Guam, Pyongyang's state media reported on Tuesday, but warned that they could change their mind “if the Yankees persist in their extremely dangerous reckless actions.”
The report, published early Tuesday, could help dial back tensions that had spiraled last week following an exchange of threats between North Korea and President Donald Trump.
Read: North Korea may have acquired better rocket engines through Russia or Ukraine, experts say
Trump warned Pyongyang last week that the U.S. military was “locked and loaded” and could engulf the North in “fire and fury,” while North Korea, through its state media, had threatened to fire four missiles in a bid to surround the U.S. territory of Guam in “enveloping fire.”
North Korean state media said in its report Tuesday that Kim had made their decision not to fire on Guam after visiting a military command post and examining a military plan presented to them by their senior officers. While Kim said they had decided not to launch the attack on Guam yet, they advised the U.S. “to take into full account” whether the current standoff was to its benefit. They also said it was incumbent on the U.S. to “stop at once arrogant provocations against the DPRK and unilateral demands and not provoke it any longer,” using an abbreviation for the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the formal name for North Korea.
An expanded version of this report appears on WSJ.com.
Also popular on WSJ.com:
Merck CEO quits Trump advisory council in ‘stance against intolerance and extremism'
Airlines dial up pampering for business class.
Management of the Mole National Park in the Northern Region has said it cannot be blamed for an elephant attack on the Minister of Tourism and their entourage.
According to the managment, it knew nothing about the Minister's visit and as a result the necessary security arrangment could not be put in place for the team to tour the popular Widlife Park.
A disturbed elephant at the Mole National Park in the West Gonja District of the Northern Region on Saturday detained an entourage, led by the Minister of Tourism, Culture and Creative Arts, Catherine Afeku.
The huge animal was attracted to the road leading to the receptive facility at the park by a siren from the police motorcade which was leading the entourage, leaving the team stranded with fear for well over 30 minutes.
According to reports, the incident occurred just seven minutes drive into the park and for half an hour, the team could not move as the elephant kept hovering around the vehicles; which left the group which included journalists gripped with fear.
The situation was saved by an intervention of a tour guide who was apparently on their rounds in the park as they employed skills to bring the agitated elephant under control after 15 minutes, paving the way for the convoy to speed off to its destination.
Speaking to TV3 News Wednesday night, the Manager of the Mole National Park, Umaru Farouk said management only got to know the minister and their entourage were in the park when they'd been taken ‘hostage' by the elephant.
“Ministers of state and high profile individuals visiting the park require certain level of security and so we expect these organizers will not just inform the Park Authorities about such visit but endeavour to meet and sit with the Park authorities and fashion out modalities that will not largely breach the protocol of the Minister and their entourage but at the same time also ensure that there's security arrangement in the park so that the peace in animals natural habitat is not largely breached.
They added: “We always require that for such trips, arrangement is made so that the team is met at the gate and given as escot to where their final destination is within the park, that could have avoided this embarrassing situation.”
The Buchan Alpha - a redundant 12,000-tonne steel offshore oil facility - has arrived in Shetland to be chiselled away to nothing.
Working slowly towards a final decommissioning resting place, Buchan Alpha - a rusting hulk, streaming water from the deck and looking well past its sell-by date - was brought into Lerwick at the weekend by tugs.
Each of five legs has a giant float under the water.
Breaking it up will take 17 months.
Buchan Alpha began life at the dawn of the North Sea oil industry, starting out as a drilling rig in 1973.
Next up was service as a floating production vessel in the Buchan field in 1981.
Buchan Alpha was taken out of service in May by operators Repsol Sinopec Resources UK.
The Health and Safety Executive effectively said it was too old, battered and out of date.
'Quite complex'
Gary Tootill, the Buchan project manager, said Buchan Alpha was beyond upgrading.
They said: "The Buchan Alpha has been on station for around 36 years.
"It has produced something like 150 million barrels, which was three times what it was expected to produce.
"Having been there for so long, the project to remove it was quite complex."
The massive structure is being attached to a mooring pattern of anchors, for deep parts of the facility to be removed.
Buchan Alpha will then be brought alongside the newly-extended Dales Voe deepwater quay to be dismantled for recycling.
There has been relatively small-scale decommissioning work done in Lerwick over the past 10 years.
Image copyright Repsol Sinopec Resources UK
The port authority has invested heavily in attracting more such work to Shetland.
Sandra Laurenson, chief Executive of Lerwick Port Authority, said: "The project at Dales Voe to extend the quay has been a £12m investment.
"That is really to future-proof that area for decommissioning for the next generation of platforms to come out.
"There is probably 30 years of work to decommission all the platforms."
The Buchan Alpha work will be led by the French company Veolia, and 35 jobs will be created by the project.
It is expected about 98% of the structure will be recycled.
Image caption Alistair Walker and Hannah Henry deny manslaughter and causing or allowing the death of a child
The father of a baby who died after allegedly being shaken and immersed in water by their parents said paramedics made the child's condition worse.
Alistair Walker told Bristol Crown Court they did not know how three-month-old Ah'Kiell Walker's lungs became filled with water.
In police interviews, the 27-year-old said a paramedic "allowed my son to die in front of me".
Mr Walker and Ah'Kiell's mother Hannah Henry, 22, both deny manslaughter.
The court heard that Walker told police they realised something was wrong with Ah'Kiell on the morning of 30 July 2016 because they looked "pale".
"I have picked them up to see if they were OK. They were just limp," they said.
Mr Walker said they started panicking when "frothy blood" came out of Ah'Kiell's nose and they told Ms Henry to call an ambulance.
They added they tried to suck the blood from Ah'Kiell's airways and scooped water on to their face in a bid to revive him.
Image copyright PA Image caption Ah'Kiell Walker was found at a house in Archdeacon Street in Gloucester
The court has heard Ah'Kiell was discovered "freezing cold" and soaking wet by paramedics at the family home in Archdeacon Street, Gloucester.
In a police interview the day after Ah'Kiell died at Bristol Royal Hospital for Children, Mr Walker objected to a number of questions, saying: "Ask me a relevant question" and: "Get to the point."
They added: "You are trying to make it sound as if we have murdered our son or something. The paramedic made it worse 100%, the paramedic allowed my son to die in front of me."
Asked how Ah'Kiell's lungs became full of water, Mr Walker said: "That's what I need to know as well, they drink water, I don't know what it is doing in their lungs."
They also accused a second paramedic of "not looking like they knew what they were doing either".
They added of their son: "He was dead at the house, I was watching. They did that to him, they made it worse."
Mr Walker and Ms Henry also causing or allowing the death of a child and cruelty to a person aged under 16.
The trial continues.
THIRTEEN young women will put their best foot forward this Thursday night when they take to the catwalk at the Clayton Hotel in a bid to be crowned Miss Limerick 2018.
Sponsored by the Crescent Shopping Centre, the Miss Limerick Ireland World Pageant 2018, which is in association with The Holman Lee Agency, is one of the most glitzy events on Limerick's social calendar.
This year, 13 young women from across the city and county will attempt to take home one of the two tiaras and titles up for grabs on the night - Miss Limerick 2018 and Miss Clayton Hotel Limerick 1st Runner-Up.
“The competition is a great opportunity for young ladies to expand their horizons, step out of their comfort zone and try something new. While there are only two winners on the night, I have no doubt that the experience will stand to all the young women,” said model agent, Celia Holman Lee.
The competition opens a lot of doors, according to the current Ms Limerick Racha Mennad, a third year student in HR and French at the University of Limerick.
Other sponsors of the event include the Hugh Campbell Hair Group, Catherine Hickey Make-Up, Paese Cosmetics and Forrestal Wine Merchants.
The event will start with a prosecco reception at 7pm, followed by the main event at 8pm.
SEOUL, South Korea — South Korean President Moon Jae-in said Tuesday that there can be no military action on the Korean peninsula without Seoul's consent and that the government would prevent war by all means.
Moon made the remarks in a televised speech to commemorate the 72nd anniversary of the nation's liberation from Japanese military rule in 1945.
President Donald Trump welcomes South Korean President Moon Jae-in at the White House on June 30. Alex Wong / Getty Images file
Presidents before Moon, who took office in May, have traditionally made North Korea the core of their speeches, focusing mainly on policy to engage Pyongyang.
"The government, putting everything on the line, will block war by all means," Moon said Tuesday, saying sanctions against North Korea are intended only to lead it to negotiations.
Related: Trump Warns North Korea Leader 'Will Not Get Away With What He's Doing'
Tensions have increased as North Korea has advanced toward being able to hit the mainland United States with a nuclear-armed missile. Its state media on Tuesday described in detail its plans to launch missiles into waters near Guam, but it also reported that leader Kim Jong-un would monitor U.S. conduct before giving orders for the test — appearing to signal a path to defuse the crisis.
"I call upon the North Korean government: Without international cooperation and co-existence economic development is impossible," Moon said. "If you continue on this path, there will only be international isolation and a dark future."
Almost Done!
Please confirm your details below.
Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate {* birthdate *} Gender {* gender *}
Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers
For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *}
{* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *}
By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account.
I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy.
{* backButton *}
{* /socialRegistrationForm *}
A Grantham school has been braded ‘inadequate' by school inspectors Ofsted.
But its executive headteacher Susan Dench has been singled out for praise, saying how they “helped rescue the school from a position of near chaos.”
The West Grantham Academy St Hugh's is one of two Grantham schools run by the West Grantham Academies Trust. It's other school, St John's, was placed in special measures by Ofsted early last year, after an across-the-board ‘inadequate' rating. Ofsted inspectors this week also issued a report on the progress it has made since then.
Inspectors, who visited St Hugh's nearly three months ago, rated the school as ‘inadequate' for its personal development, behaviour and welfare, plus outcomes for children.
The effectiveness of its leadership and management, plus the quality of teaching, learning and assessment, was rated as ‘requires improvement.'
The overall effectiveness rating of ‘inadequate' contrasts with the ‘good' rating the school received in 2013.
Ofsted said: “Time and energy have been taken to rectify the inadequate behaviours of some of the pupils in order that the majority are able to learn. These improvements have yet to impact on the outcomes of pupils.
“Too many pupils fail to achieve as they should,” said the report and “the proportion of pupils excluded from school, though decreasing, is much higher than national figures and still remains too high.”
Staff were also criticised. Ofsted said: “The quality of teaching, learning and assessment is inconsistent across and within subject areas. It is improving.
“The whole-school marking and assessment is not followed consistently well. Some pupils do not receive the feedback that they need from their teachers.”
However, Ofsted noted many teachers were new, but have shown “great potential,” though this has yet to affect pupils' outcomes.
Strengths were also noted in school leaders, including governors, knowing the school's weaknesses and showing great dedication. They also took an extremely positive view to pupil's personal safety and welfare.
Executive headteacher Susan Dench said the school was ‘disappointed' with the ‘inadequate' rating, adding it was a word the academy would not use.
Mrs Dench, who joined the school in 2015, cited positive aspects of the report and noted improvements underway.
They said: “Turning a school around takes time.”
Mrs Dench also explained some pupils did not confirm to new systems, leading to their exclusion, but figures were improving. They also cited improvements in teaching, learning and assessments in science, English and maths, saying one pupil had praised teachers as “very supportive and inspiring.”
They also praised the support of staff and parents, and described the students as ‘fabulous.' If anyone had any concerns about the school, they were welcome to visit.
Mrs Cherry Edwards OBE, Chair of the Board of Directors commented, “In the time I have had the privilege to be associated with St Hugh's as a Director and Chair of the Board, I have seen our Executive Headteacher, Mrs Dench, and leaders of the academy work tirelessly and effectively with the support of the whole school team, including pupils, parents, carers and families to make improvements in the quality of the education that we provide.”
“The report clearly states that ‘Leaders, including governors have an accurate view of the strengths and the weaknesses of the school. They have shown great dedication. They have found many creative approaches that are beginning to improve the school.'
“We will continue to work with our whole school community as well as the Diocese, Local Authority and the Regional Schools Commissioner to ensure that the improvements already made will be consolidated and accelerated in order that the education that we provide reaches a good and better standard for all our pupils.'
KANSAS CITY, Kan. (AP) — A Kansas-based operator of addiction treatment centers will pay $25,000 to settle a complaint that it treated its clients with HIV or AIDs differently than other patients.
U.S. Attorney Tom Beall announced Friday the policies of Valley Hope Association in Norton violated the Americans with Disabilities Act.
The company was accused of requiring people with HIV or AIDS to stay in separate rooms during residential treatment unless they revealed their status to potential roommates. The clients also were not allowed to participate in some work activities.
Valley Hope Association operates 16 addiction treatment centers in seven states.
The company will be required to adopt a non-discrimination policy and to provide mandatory annual training to its employees and contractors.
Islanders not sure what to do with struggling sophomore Ryan Strome had two assists against the Lightning in the series opener. In Game 2, they played the fourth-most minutes of any Islanders forward. On Tuesday, they were a healthy...
Islanders-Lightning matchups: The deciding factor in Game 7 TAMPA, Fla. — The Islanders have won a playoff series for the first time in 23 years, beating the Atlantic Division-winning Panthers in six heart-pounding games. Now they're faced with...
Rangers rediscover winning formula with win over Lightning TAMPA, Fla — Here is the most important bit of perspective from the Rangers' much-needed 5-2 win over the Lightning on Wednesday night at Amalie Arena, coming succinctly from one...
NHL foolishly killed the best, drunkest part of All-Star Game There is no need to waste more space railing against a league for how they run an All-Star game. Because honestly, what's the difference? (Except you, baseball, which nonsensically decided...
Boyle, Stralman have twice the scars since leaving Rangers TAMPA, Fla. — The Rangers and their fans recognize the pain associated with losing the Stanley Cup final. But for Brian Boyle and Anton Stralman, the agony of defeat was...
Rangers can't undo Dan Boyle signing -- but they can bench them One can debate the wisdom of sending two first first-rounders to Tampa Bay to complete the Ryan Callahan-Martin St. Louis trade at the 2014 deadline, and there is certainly room...
Stanley Cup final about these ex-Rangers and 5 other storylines Someone is going to get to “change the ending.” It just won't be with the Rangers. There are a handful of former Blueshirts about to start the Stanley Cup final,...
These three former Rangers have 'one more hill to climb' Part of Ryan Callahan couldn't believe it, couldn't process how they had spent their entire career with one team and spent nearly a decade in the same organization, only to...
Rangers, Anton Stralman don't quite agree on reasons for split Fresh off a trip to the Stanley Cup final, Rangers coach Alain Vigneault called up longtime friend Rick Bowness — an assistant coach with the Tampa Bay Lightning — to...
Exhibition design for #SpeakUp, presented at Testing Grounds as a part of Melbourne Design Week 2017. Collaborators include Millie Cattlin and Warren Taylor.
From the left: How Democrats Could Blow It
All predictive models point to Democrats winning the House in November. So should they bank on it? The answer, says the Daily Beast's Jonathan Alter, “is an obvious no.” For one thing, a deal with North Korea and other breaks “could shift the momentum just enough to protect vulnerable Republican seats.” And too many Democrats are still “acting as if the midterms are in the bag and they can indulge in expensive primary fights.” Which is why they're furious that the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee is “pressuring weaker candidates in some districts to drop out in favor of well-funded moderates with a better chance of winning.” Problem is, “nominating the most liberal Democratic candidate in a Republican district may feel principled, but it reeks of moral vanity.”
From the right: A Tale of Two Justice Departments
“Political role models are hard to find,” but National Review's David French names two: Attorney General Jeff Sessions and Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein. Both, they say, are “all that reasonable men and women could ask to both carry out the lawful agenda of the president and fulfill their ultimate duty to uphold and defend the Constitution.” And they “look even better in comparison with their immediate predecessors in the Obama Department of Justice.” Contrast Sessions' proper recusal from the Russia investigation with Loretta Lynch's “kinda-sorta-not-really recusal from the Clinton email investigation after their clearly improper tarmac meeting with Bill Clinton.” Or DOJ warnings that the FBI not take any “overt steps” to investigate the Clinton Foundation during the campaign.
Ex-ambassador: Natalie Portman Is No Prize
The Israel Genesis Prize, widely described as the “Jewish Nobel Prize,” was created by “Russian-Israeli oligarchs who resented feeling sidelined in the fishbowl of Jewish power,” says Vivian Bercovici, the former Canadian ambassador to Israel, at Commentary. The recipients have all been “bankable celebrities with American reach and ‘liberal' pedigree,” and this year's honoree is actor Natalie Portman. But they declined to attend the gala ceremony, complaining it would signify an endorsement of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. Yet “there were many more responsible and mature options available to Ms. Portman short of toddler-esque petulance to express their views.” Maybe now, “rather than pandering to bankable stars who draw glitter and gold,” organizers will select “exceptionally deserving individuals beavering away in obscurity and bereft of the obnoxious hubris with which Natalie Portman is afflicted.”
Conservative: NJ Gov Shouldn't Mess With Texas
New Jersey Gov. Phil Murphy last week participated in an op-ed war with Texas Gov. Greg Abbott over which state is best suited to attract businesses and people. The Star-Ledger's Paul Mulshine notes that, in their argument, Murphy cited a lot of numbers but left one out: $204, 361 — “the annual property-tax bill on Murphy's riverfront estate in Middletown Township.” Most Texans would be “shocked” by that figure. And the “new direction” in which Murphy claims to be moving the Garden State “is even higher taxes.” Murphy wants to raise the state income tax on those making $1 million or more — which is just “the sort of salary that a transplant from Texas” (which has no state income tax) “would need to pay the property taxes on a house in Murphy's neighborhood.”
Culture critic: Tenure Not for Protecting Hateful Tweets
Fresno State English Professor Randa Jarrar is under fire for their vicious tweets against the late Barbara Bush and them boasts that, as a tenured teacher, they can “never be fired.” As the Detroit Free Press' Mitch Albom notes, conservatives “screamed for their head” while liberals claimed punishing them “would only prove that free speech in this country is in peril.” But “lost in this debate is the simple fact that Jarrar behaved like an obnoxious, petulant child.” And “her chest pounding of tenure, a concept put into effect by the very government they apparently abhor, was hypocritical.” Tenure “was designed to keep powerful college donors from influencing freedom of thought.” Too bad someone as educated as Jarrar can't understand that most of their critics aren't reacting to their ideals, just their cruel way of expressing them.
— Compiled by Eric Fettmann
New Hampshire's political leaders lashed out at President Trump on Thursday after it was revealed that they had called the Granite State “a drug infested den” during a ranting call with the president of Mexico.
“I won New Hampshire because New Hampshire is a drug-infested den,” the president told President Enrique Peña Nieto, according to The Washington Post, which obtained transcripts of the president's calls to a pair of world leaders.
Trump actually lost New Hampshire to Hillary Clinton, but what angered GOP Gov. Chris Sununu and Sens. Jeanne Shaheen and Maggie Hassan was the president's insensitive characterization of the opioid crisis in their state.
“The president is wrong. It's disappointing their mischaracterization of this epidemic ignores the great things this state has to offer,” Sununu said in a statement.
“Our administration inherited one of the worst health crises this state has ever experienced, but we are facing this challenged head on.”
The governor said New Hampshire had doubled its resources to fight opioid addiction and that the state had “dedicated millions to law enforcement efforts to keep drugs” from getting into the state.
“We are already seeing positive signs of our efforts as overdoses and deaths are declining in key parts of the state.”
The senators, both Democrats, also harshly rebuked Trump.
“@realDonaldTrump's comments about New Hampshire are disgusting. As they know, NH and states across America have a substance misuse crisis,” Hassan wrote on Twitter.
“To date, @POTUS has proposed policies that would severely set back our efforts to combat this devastating epidemic,” they added, referring to their effort to repeal Obamacare, in the second of a trio of tweets.
“Instead of insulting people in the throes of addiction, @POTUS needs to work across party lines to actually stem the tide of this crisis,” Hassan wrote.
Shaheen also condemned Trump's uncharitable language, and slammed them for not keeping their promise that their administration would do more to help states combat addiction.
“@RealDonaldTrump owes NH an apology & then should follow through on their promise to Granite Staters to help end this crisis,” they tweeted.
“It's absolutely unacceptable for the President to be talking about NH in this way – a gross misrepresentation of NH & the epidemic,” they added.
Trump in the phone call lambasted Peña Nieto over the flow of illegal drugs into the US from south of the border.
“We have a massive drug problem where kids are becoming addicted to drugs because the drugs are being sold for less money than candy,” Trump said.
Peña Nieto fired back by telling Trump that drug trafficking in Mexico is “largely supported by the illegal amounts of money and weapons coming from the United States,” according to the transcript.
FOUR Gympie residents have been victimised in a string of unusual car ransackings over Easter with the alleged vandals dropping a damaging calling card: releasing the hand brake.
The latest attack was on Red Hill Rd last night just before 9pm when a car parked in a residential driveway rolled into a parked truck after its handbrake was disengaged.
Nothing was stolen from the car, Gympie police said, but Easter lollies and decorations from inside the car were left strewn on the ground.
DAMAGED: A car rolled into a parked truck after the handbrake was alleged released by vandals on Red Hill Rd last night. (Photo posted by Matthew Conroy to Gympie Information, Advice and Discussions Facebook) Contributed
On Sunday evening at 10.35pm a car parked at the side of a house on Grecian Bends Rd at Cedar Pocket ploughed through a fence into a neighbouring property losing a rear wheel on the way.
A Gympie police officer said the handbrake had been deliberately released and while the neighbour heard dogs barking at the time, they had not caught sight of anyone on the property.
Just before midnight on the same evening a vehicle parked on Mark Ln at Mt Pleasant was ransacked, with the alleged attackers possibly gaining entry through the boot.
The hand brake was deliberately released, Gympie police said, causing the car to run up a curb and into a tree, damaging the front of the vehicle.
Acting sergeant Jon Roche said the strange and selfish acts, which police are investigating as possibly being linked, were nothing like they had encountered before.
"I just think they're just being reckless- I don't see what their motivation would be other then causing people grief."
They said the biggest fear for police is if someone gets seriously injured or killed.
A Holden Commodore was damaged with a pole and set alight on Tweed Ln over the weekend. (Photo posted by Sis Sledge to Gympie, Whinge, Vent & Trolls Facebook page.) Contributed
A fourth act of car vandalism, which is not believed to be linked to the others, played out on Tweed Lane, Mt Pleasant over two days when a red Holden Commodore was struck with a pole on Friday night before being set alight Sunday night.
A neighbour reported hearing talking in the lane way before the fire was lit that left the interior burnt out.
Act/Sgt Roche said the Gympie police are continuing investigations and urges anyone with information to contact Gympie police on 5480 1111 or Crime Stoppers on 1800 333 000.
They also warned Gympie car owners to make sure their vehicles are secured and preferably parked in a car port or garage.
This man's reaction to their house almost toppling over is inspiring It's the Leaning Tower of Babylon. A Hurricane Sandy-damaged home on Long Island went tumbling like a house of cards Wednesday after slipping from its supports as workers raised it...
Deranged man worries about sentence after killing mother A mentally troubled Long Island man fretted in court Saturday about the punishment he'll face on charges of killing their mother. “Does this mean the end of my life?” Joseph...
Video
Ukraine staged the murder of a Russian dissident journalist in Kiev on Tuesday in what it said was a sting operation to foil a Russian assassination plot.
I'll sign in later
And we'll keep you signed in.
Sign in or Register
Why sign in to the BBC?
Twenty years ago, Intel began holding an event it referred to as the Intel Developer Forum. The purpose of the conference was to showcase the future of the computer industry from Intel's perspective, with information on topics ranging from future DRAM support and chipset features, to demos of new Intel CPUs or major product initiatives the company intended to debut. Technologies like Optane, Broadwell 14nm benchmarks, Intel's Quark CPU, Thunderbolt, the Pentium 4 Northwood, and RDRAM all debuted at or were discussed heavily at various IDF meetings for the last two decades.
Today, all of that comes to a close. A short message posted to the IDF 2017 board states:
Intel has evolved its event portfolio and decided to retire the IDF program moving forward. Thank you for nearly 20 great years with the Intel Developer Forum! Intel has a number of resources available on intel.com, including a Resource and Design Center with documentation, software, and tools for designers, engineers, and developers. As always, our customers, partners, and developers should reach out to their Intel representative with questions.
Intel had previously announced that it would not hold an IDF this year in China, but had stated that the event would have a “new format” in San Francisco. Intel will probably hold some kind of press events and unveils in the future, but these conventions obviously no longer map cleanly to the company's extended product introduction cycles. In the old days, Intel would move its products to new process nodes fairly quickly, and those chips would launch in fairly short order once the new nodes were ready. Now, we see a different pattern. New nodes are only introduced after several “+” iterations (14nm, 14nm+, 14nm++, etc).
Intel recently released more information on their 10nm process; the slides below detail the improvements the company has made, but also show how 14nm++ is expected to offer higher performance than the initial run of 10nm, at least as far as desktops are concerned. This drawn out schedule may be part of why we're seeing a shift to different timing and events.
One possibility, therefore, is that Intel has decided IDF no longer fits its needs because it doesn't really launch desktop or mobile parts the way it used to. With that said, the point of IDF was always the “Developers” in the Intel Developer Forum. Other companies used IDF to showcase technology they were developing, from next-gen platforms, to low-cost OLPC-like systems back in 2008 and 2009, to MIDs (remember those?), to Thunderbolt. Intel also used the conference to talk about new hardware features with associated instruction sets or capabilities (think SSE, AVX, and so on).
This information will obviously still be disclosed, but in a different way or conference. Presumably Intel will announce some kind of replacement event at some point, but for now, IDF as we knew it is headed for the great bit bucket in the sky.
Video
A man from Norfolk is the first paralysed person to walk the London Marathon.
Simon Kindleysides, from Blofield, is paralysed from the waist down but completed the 26-mile route in 36 hours using a battery-powered exoskeleton suit.
THE MUNSTER Reds have made one change to their squad ahead of their trip to Merrion Cricket Club to take on the Leinster Lightning Friday evening.
Arslan Anwar replaces the unavailable Gary King and comes into the side on the back of recent impressive performances for County Kerry in Munster league and Irish National Cup games.
Bad weather has affected The Reds' campaign so far, and they face a big task against the reigning Hanley Energy Interprovincial T20 champions.
Lightning top the table with two wins and a bonus point in their first two games.
This is the middle game in a busy schedule for the Reds, who travel to Eglinton to play their away fixture against the Warriors on June 23
It is the first season that the Munster Reds have taken part in the competition, after only being given the go ahead to take part last April.
Munster Reds Squad to face Leinster Lightning: Stephan Grobler capt. (Cork County), David Delany (National Academy/Clontarf), Arslan Anwar (Co Kerry), Morne Bauer (Cork County), Yaqoob Ali (Co Kerry), Robert Forrest (Clontarf), Nicolaas Pretorius (Phoenix), Rory Anders (National Academy/Phoenix), Jamie Grassi (National Academy/North County), Max Neville (National Academy/Merrion), Harry Tector (National Academy/YMCA), Jack Tector (National Academy/YMCA).
0:45 New Year's Eve in uptown Charlotte Pause
1:00 Cam Newton after season-ending loss: I need a rest, time away
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
0:52 Shoppers seek sales at area malls
4:15 Roy Cooper sworn in as NC governor minutes after midnight
1:45 Should 16- and 17-year-olds be in solitary confinement?
4:57 HB2 repeal deal - What happened?
0:41 What's next for Eastland Mall
4:07 Steve Crump confronts man who called them the N-word
Tommy Taurima is widely known as one of the last composers of the golden era in Māoridom to come from the Hawkes Bay region. He's known for their famous tunes Kotiro Māori, Te Rina and many others.
Their contribution to Māori music and songwriting spans over six decades. They were only 18 years old when they wrote their first waiata for their local Mormon-choir group and kapa haka, during their time in Hamilton, Waikato.
Now at 80 years old, they continue to write music for many different occasions such as Te Matatini. Their niece Te Rina Pomare says, “I only know 40 of their waiata that he's composed.”
“He also composed a song to celebrate Te Matatini and to also acknowledge the late Tama Huata, the former chairperson of Te Matatini. They completed that piece of music last year in August.”
Mr Taurima was also part of a cultural movement in Hawai'i and assisted in building the Polynesian Cultural Centre's profile.
Winners Named at the Gartner Security & Risk Management Summit at National Harbor, Maryland
Gartner, Inc. announced today the winners of the first Gartner Peer Insights Customer Choice Awards for Security Information and Event Management (SIEM). The Customer Choice Awards are a ranking of vendors by verified end-user professionals, taking into account both the number of end-user reviews, and the overall user ratings.
The award winners for the SIEM market were named at the Gartner Security & Risk Management Summit, which is taking place here through Thursday.
LogRhythm is the Gold Award winner of the 2017 Gartner Peer Insights Customer Choice Awards in SIEM, followed by LogPoint with the Silver Award, and Splunk with the Bronze (see Table 1). More information on the award winners is available at https://www.gartner.com/reviews/customer-choice-awards/security-information-event-management.
“In interpreting reviews, it's difficult for IT professionals to balance the number of reviews for a company versus a company's overall rating. The Gartner Peer Insights Customer Choice Awards are designed to help end users navigate these issues to make better purchase decisions,” said Ken Davis, senior vice president of Products and Services at Gartner. “We work hard to ensure that all of the reviews are submitted by an IT professional or business user who has had experience purchasing, implementing, and/or using the enterprise solution they are reviewing — free from conflicts of interest.”
Table 1: 2017 Gartner Peer Insights Customer Choice Award Winners in Security Information & Event Management
Vendor Distinction LogRhythm Gold LogPoint Silver Splunk Bronze AlienVault Honorable Mention Hewlett Packard Enterprise Honorable Mention IBM Honorable Mention
Source: Gartner (June 2017)
About Gartner Peer Insights Customer Choice Awards
A category needs to have at least 300 reviews and more than seven vendors with more than 20 reviews for Gartner to consider a provider for a Customer Choice Award in that area. Awards are given to vendors based on these criteria:
The vendor must have at least one product designated by Gartner's research analysts as relevant to the market.
The vendor must have at least 50 reviews published in that market during the submission period.
Published reviews must pass Gartner's validation, conflict of interest and moderation processes.
Gold, silver, and bronze awards will be given to the top three vendors based on an algorithmic score.
The identification of a Gartner Peer Insights Customer Choice Award winner or honorable mention is not an endorsement by Gartner of any vendor, product or service. For more information on the Gartner Peer Insights Customer Choice Awards, please visit http://www.gartner.com/reviews-pages/peer-insights-customer-choice-awards/.
About Gartner Peer Insights
Gartner Peer Insights transforms the way enterprise software is bought and sold by creating another source of trusted information in the software buying process. Gartner's review platform is a place for all IT buyers to find advice they can trust from fellow IT professionals. Gartner Peer Insights includes more than 26,000 verified reviews in more than 160 markets. For more information, please visit https://www.gartner.com/reviews/home.
About Gartner Security & Risk Management Summit
Gartner analysts are providing analysis on the latest IT security trends at the Gartner Security & Risk Management Summit 2017 taking place in National Harbor, Maryland, May 12-15. The Summit will also be held in Tokyo, Mumbai, India, São Paulo, Sydney, London and Dubai. Follow news and updates from the events on Twitter at #GartnerSEC.
About Gartner
While I was away on vacation recently, there was news that the US Treasury Department will try to crack down on the bitcoin business. President Trump also said that Homeland Security is getting involved.
As I said in a recent column, bitcoin, now the talk of the futures market, is the perfect “currency” for criminals. And, as I said exclusively, Washington is afraid that this and other cryptocurrencies were being used to help North Korea achieve its dastardly ends.
Alas, with bitcoin futures, criminals have an even easier way to move money around the world.
I recently went to see greyhound racing (dogs, not buses) in Florida, and the sixth race had a dog named “Donald Trump.”
They won, paying $8.50 on a $2 bet. “Kellyanne Conway” came in third in the next race.
Oh, and I did my due diligence before the race in Naples, Fla., and was assured that “Donald” and “Kellyanne” were well treated.
NAPLES, Fla. — Steve Stricker provided the pep talk and Sean O'Hair delivered the shot to secure victory Sunday in the QBE Shootout.
Stricker and O'Hair closed with an 8-under 64 for a two-shot victory over Graeme McDowell and Shane Lowry, effectively clinching it when O'Hair made an eagle on the par-5 17th hole at Tiburon Golf Club.
In the final round of better ball, Stricker and O'Hair rallied from a two-shot deficit on the front nine, built a two-shot lead through 14 holes and were ahead by one shot heading to the reachable 17th with the green guarded by a huge bunker with a vetted, waist-high wall.
“Walking to 17 tee, Steve said, ‘A 3 would go a long way right now,”‘ O'Hair said.
O'Hair hit 7-iron from 195 yards over the bunker and it bounced onto the green about 12 feet away. McDowell and Lowry both hit into the bunker, with Lowry's ball against the face of the wall that forced them to play sideways into the bunker. Both players had to settle for par, and O'Hair rolled in their eagle putt for a three-shot lead.
“He played great today,” Stricker said. “He hit a great shot on 17. That's the stuff you need to do to win a tournament, and Sean pulled it off.”
McDowell holed a 25-foot birdie putt on the 18th hole as they and Lowry closed with a 66.
Stricker and O'Hair finished at 26-under 190 and each earned $410,000.
It was the second time Stricker and O'Hair won the team event hosted by Greg Norman, but the first time as partners. Stricker won in 2009 with Jerry Kelly, and O'Hair won in 2012 with Kenny Perry.
Pat Perez and Brian Harman shot 64 to finish third.
Lexi Thompson, the only LPGA Tour player in the 12-team field, and Tony Finau closed with a 66 and tied for fourth.
O'Hair was playing for only the second time since they had surgery after the BMW Championship in Chicago to clean up cartilage in their right knee.
“This is always a great event to finish the year off with, and to pull this off is special,” O'Hair said. “But to do it with Steve is even that much better for me. I'm a golf geek, so he's a friend of mine, but still it's kind of hard not to look at them and kind of put them a little bit up on a pedestal.”
Johnny Manziel: Alcohol, bipolar disorder nearly ruined me Johnny Manziel now understands their “huge downfall.” The former first-round draft pick opened up to “Good Morning America” about their battles with alcohol and said they have been diagnosed with bipolar...
This is what a psychotic breakdown actually feels like One sunny afternoon eight years ago, lawyer Zack McDermott sprinted through Manhattan's Tompkins Square Park, convinced they were being filmed for their own TV show. In a psychotic break, he...
Elon Musk tells Twitter they might be bipolar When someone asked if they are bipolar, Musk responded, “Yeah. Maybe not medically tho. Dunno. Bad feelings correlate to bad events, so maybe real problem is getting carried away in...
'Same Love' singer reveals they were gang-raped as a teen Mary Lambert is opening up about their hard childhood and how they survived abuse, rape, a suicide attempt and bipolar disorder.
Jail staffers could face charges in dehydration death of inmate Seven staffers from a Milwaukee County jail run by outspoken sheriff David Clarke could face criminal charges in the dehydration death of an inmate who was left without water for...
How this couple stopped mental illness from tearing them apart San Francisco-based teacher Mark Lukach was married to their wife Giulia for just three years when they had their first psychotic episode at age 27. In the years that followed,...
Who knew? Chi McBride on being upped to a series regular as Capt. Lou Grover on “Hawaii Five-0”: “Well, I know this sounds corny, but the only thing I ever...
Daily Blotter Brooklyn Police are searching for a man who robbed two cabbies in Coney Island last month, cops said. In the first robbery, the suspect hailed a taxi outside the Carey...
Husband crashes car into house, kills wife An elderly woman was killed after their husband lost control while driving their car in Staten Island and crashed into a neighbor's house Monday morning, authorities said. Mary Pannese, 81,...
Driver in critical condition after shot to the head A driver was fighting for their life after they were shot in the head and crashed their car in The Bronx early Sunday, cops said. The 26-year-old victim was in...
Daily Blotter Brooklyn An elderly man fought off three punks who tried to rob them inside a Seagate apartment building, according to police. The thugs followed the 66-year-old victim into the building...
NYPD car torched by fireworks as cops break up crowd An NYPD patrol car caught fire after someone threw fireworks inside the vehicle as police were breaking up a crowd in Brooklyn early Sunday, authorities said. Cops were dispersing people...
Dumped boyfriend probed in stabbing death of woman A young mom was found hacked to death in a Bronx park Sunday morning — and cops were questioning the ex-boyfriend they dumped, police and relatives said. Twenty-two-year-old Jasmine Gonzalez...
Teen arrested in Fourth of July BBQ shooting A teen opened fire on a group of people celebrating the Fourth of July in a Brooklyn Park Saturday, cops said The group was barbecuing inside of Sumner Playground near...
Daily Blotter Queens Two people were arrested in Middle Village after leaving a 3-year-old boy with more than $2,000 worth of illegal fireworks, cops said. Jason Rodriguez, 28, and Tina Foley, 29,...
2 EMTs injured after accident causes ambulance to overturn Two FDNY emergency medical technicians were seriously injured after their ambulance was struck and overturned in Downtown Brooklyn Friday, officials said. The ambulance was responding to a 911 call when...
Image copyright Kate James Image caption Alfie Evans was taken off life support on Monday evening
The parents of sick toddler Alfie Evans cannot take them to Italy for treatment, a judge has said.
Tom Evans and Kate James took legal action after the High Court ruled Alder Hey Children's Hospital in Liverpool could end their care.
Their lawyers applied to move Alfie to an Italian hospital after their life support was withdrawn on Monday.
Mr Justice Hayden said: "This represents the final chapter in the case of this extraordinary little boy."
The hearing at Manchester Civil Justice Centre took place on Tuesday following after an application by the Christian Legal Centre, which is representing the parents, to apply for Alfie to be moved to a hospital in Italy.
But summing up, the judge said there had been no substance to the application.
They said all the hospital in Rome could offer 23-month-old Alfie would have been palliative care.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Tom Evans says Alfie has been breathing without support
Mr Justice Hayden, who described Alfie as "a fighter, resilient, courageous and a warrior", asked Alder Hey to "explore creatively, ambitiously, even though it may be a forlorn hope, the options, may it be palliative care".
They added that Alfie should be "cared for, on their final days or hours, however long it may be, in a hospice or home or on a ward".
The judge said that Alder Hey and the parents needed to discuss the next steps for Alfie.
Speaking about Alfie breathing on their own after their life support had been withdrawn on Monday night, the judge said: "The sad truth is that it is not the brain stem and the white matter enabling Alfie just about to sustain respiration.
"A brain cannot regenerate itself, as I have been told."
They said Alfie's brain had been eroded and that it had been "damaged entirely and so too had the capacity of sight, hearing, taste and sense of touch".
In a statement released after the hearing, Alder Hey Children's Hospital said its "top priority remains in ensuring Alfie receives the care they deserve to ensure their comfort, dignity and privacy are maintained throughout.
"This includes working closely with Kate and Tom as they spend this precious time together with him."
Image copyright PA Image caption Tom Evans and Kate James want to take Alfie to a hospital in Rome
Mr Evans and Ms James had hoped they could be taken to the Bambino Gesu Hospital in Rome, which has links to the Vatican, where their care could continue.
The parents have lost a series of legal challenges against a High Court ruling in February that Alder Hey could withdraw ventilation.
Alfie has been in Alder Hey since December 2016 with a rare undiagnosed degenerative neurological condition.
(AP Photo/Willie J. Allen Jr.). Milwaukee Brewers Manager Craig Counsell talks with media representatives during the Major League Baseball winter meetings in Orlando, Fla., Monday, Dec. 11, 2017.
(AP Photo/Willie J. Allen Jr.). Newest Yankee Giancarlo Stanton answers questions for members of the media during the Major League Baseball winter meetings in Orlando, Fla., Monday, Dec. 11, 2017.
By BEN WALKER
AP Baseball Writer
LAKE BUENA VISTA, Fla. (AP) - No matter how much their fans imagined Giancarlo Stanton bashing balls over the Green Monster, the Boston Red Sox never came close to getting the NL MVP.
But does anyone really expect the Red Sox or the Cubs and other top contenders to stand still after seeing the slugger join the dreaded New York Yankees?
"We're looking for a middle of the order bat," Dave Dombrowski, Boston's president of baseball operations, said Monday at the winter meetings. "That hasn't changed. First base or DH."
A couple of big hitters just happen to be available, too.
J.D. Martinez, who launched four home runs in a game for Arizona last season, is a free agent. So is Eric Hosmer, coming off a career year in Kansas City.
Who knows, maybe the Cubs think bopper Kyle Schwarber might fit better somewhere else. Chicago already seems to have a target at this swap-and-sign gathering: pitcher Alex Cobb, who could possibly take Jake Arrieta's spot in the rotation for the NL Central champs.
Remember, Dombrowski pulled off a lightning strike at these meetings last year, getting ace Chris Sale from the White Sox. And certainly the Red Sox could use power - they won the AL East despite hitting a major league-low 168 homers.
Stanton thumped 59 homers for Miami. With a no-trade clause in their contract, they gave the Marlins a list of teams where he'd be willing to go - Yankees, Astros, Dodgers and Cubs, the clubs that reached the AL and NL Championship Series.
"They're winners. They're young and they're in a good position to win for a long time, and I lost for a long time," the 28-year-old outfielder said. "So I want to change that dynamic and be a winner."
Dombrowski said the Red Sox weren't in the Marlins mix, with Mookie Betts, Jackie Bradley Jr. and Andrew Benintendi in the lineup.
"I think their basic conversations with us, they looked at our outfield and thought they really probably weren't a fit for our ballclub," Dombrowski said.
The last-place Phillies got busy, reacquiring reliever Pat Neshek.
A person familiar with the deal told The Associated Press that Neshek will get a $16.5 million, two-year contact pending a successful physical. The person spoke on condition of anonymity because there was no official announcement on the agreement.
The 37-year-old Neshek was an All-Star last year in their first season in Philadelphia. The Phillies traded the side-slinging righty to playoff-contending Colorado in late July for three prospects.
Texas reached a $4 million, two-year deal with right-handed reliever Chris Martin, a person with knowledge of the contract told the AP. Martin spent the last two seasons in Japan after stints with the Yankees and Colorado.
Also, the Oakland Athletics traded infielder Joey Wendle to Tampa Bay for a player to be named or cash.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Image copyright Glos News Service Image caption Mark Kentish was referred to during the hearing as a "gentle giant"
A man died following "inappropriate" restraint by security guards at an industrial estate, an inquest has concluded.
Mark Kentish, 55, was held on the ground for almost 20 minutes by the guards until police arrested him.
A jury at Gloucestershire Coroner's Court said a "failure of care" led to their death in June 2016.
They said their death was caused principally by the stress of their struggle with the guards.
In an narrative conclusion, jurors said the restraint used by the two park staff at Stowfield Business Park in Lower Lydbrook, Gloucestershire, was "inappropriate in both method and duration".
Mr Kentish, from Solihull, West Midlands, had driven to the Wye Valley on 22 June 2016 to visit their disabled father in English Bicknor.
They were referred to during the hearing as a "gentle giant" and an extrovert, larger than life, and a childlike character.
Image copyright Google Image caption Mark Kentish drove to Stowfield Business Park late at night where they were restrained
After the visit they drank heavily before driving to the Stowfield Business Park where, according to the staff there, they were drunkenly trying to tear down the fence around a three million volt electricity sub station.
One of the guards who tackled him, Paul Whiteside, said: "You could hear the fence being rattled and profanities being shouted.
"He was shouting about a dog and saying they were going to kill us all."
As police were dealing with Mr Kentish they became unwell and died at at 00:13 BST on 23 June, despite their efforts to resuscitate him.
In their conclusion, the jur said: "The medical cause of death was stress and struggle against restraint.
"Contributing factors were: coronary artery atheroma, large heart, mild emphysema, effect of obesity and the effect of alcohol and cocaine."
Mr Kentish's partner Kerry Jay and their family said in statement they felt "huge relief and gratitude" that "the truth has come out, of how they met their death".
Assistant coroner Caroline Saunders said they would write to the Security Industry Authority to ask why there was no programme of refresher training or education for guards as to the risks of restraint and positional asphyxia.
Two Texas high school students were arrested Thursday for allegedly posting threats on Snapchat on the anniversary of the Columbine school massacre.
Students at Clear Brook High School in Friendswood alerted faculty Thursday morning that two male classmates allegedly made threats to the school on their Snapchat accounts.
The Galveston County Sheriff's Office told the Houston Chronicle that the students posted images of handguns.
“Our team became aware of the social media activity first thing this morning, and by 8:45 a.m., the students involved were arrested and the district attorney has already filed criminal charges,” principal Michele Staley said in the statement.
The suspects, who are in 9th and 10th grade, were charged with exhibiting firearms. Authorities have not released their names.
School officials believe that the threats may be linked to the anniversary of the 1999 Columbine school shooting in Colorado, according to news station KHOU.
Classes resumed on Thursday amid the investigation.
“We have extra officers at the school as a precautionary measure,” Staley said. “I realize this news may be unsettling, but please be assured that your children are safe at school and this matter is being handled expeditiously.”
Margi Coats says their twin boys received the same diagnosis. But only one brother is getting better. Screenshot from Facebook
Image copyright Erika Tsang Image caption Witnesses said the smoke appeared to be coming from a care home complex
A man's body has been found after emergency services forced their way into a barricaded property.
Police were called by ambulance crews to a flat in Devonshire Court, Oadby, in Leicestershire at about 17:50 BST.
Due to a fire at the scene, the fire service attended and gained entry to the premises.
Police confirmed they had earlier had contact with the dead man and had referred the case to the Independent Office of Police Conduct.
No further details of the deceased have been released.
Police said the flat was barricaded from the inside and an investigation into the full circumstances surrounding the man's death had begun.
SASKATOON — A man has filed a complaint against Saskatoon police saying they were picked up by two officers and dropped off outside city limits at night in the cold.
Ken Thomas, who is a marathon runner, says they stepped out of a bar on Saturday night to have a cigarette after attending a concert.
They say two police officers came by who said they fit the description of someone who had been digging into vehicles.
Thomas says they were detained and then driven south of the city where they were dropped off.
They say they ran back home to keep warm.
The Saskatoon Police Service says that it is aware a complaint has been filed with Saskatchewan's Public Complaints Commission and considers such an allegation to be serious.
Thomas says they were humiliated and the experience has shaken their faith in the justice system.
“They detained me and drove me to the outskirts of town and drop me off and laughed as they drove away and then I ran home,” they wrote in a post on their Facebook page.
“I don't know why they would even drive me out there. That being said, my faith in the justice system is shaken and I wouldn't want that to happen to anybody else.”
Thomas competes in annual events such as the Summit Run in Prince Albert, Sask., and the Frank Dunn Triathlon. They also coach for the Saskatoon Tribal Council.
Thomas said they never attempted to resist arrest or argue with the officers out of fear of being charged and possibly risking their opportunity to coach.
“I talk to youth who have negative feelings about police, and as a leader you are supposed to say everything is going to be OK, it's a phase, but now what am I supposed to tell them?”
John Clarke, the commission's director, said the organization has received an online complaint from Thomas and is trying to arrange to have them interviewed by an investigator.
The commission investigates and reviews complaints against municipal police and reports to the province's Justice Ministry.
The Saskatoon Police Service said it will co-operate fully with the investigation.
“Part of that investigation will include the review of GPS logs that track the location of patrol vehicles at any given time, as well as the in-car camera video which is automatically activated when the back door of a patrol car is opened,” police said in a statement.
In 1990, the frozen body of 17-year-old Neil Stonechild was found outside Saskatoon city limits.
An RCMP inquiry into Stonechild's death showed the teen was in police custody before they died. Two officers involved were fired following the inquiry.
(CKBI, The Canadian Press)
I cover the cities of Andover, Blaine and Ramsey. I have worked at ABC Newspapers since August 2007.
It has been 30 years since Mediation Services for Anoka County started serving Anoka County residents. Lonni McCauley was one of the original founders of Mediation Services of Anoka County, which is celebrating its 30th anniversary. Photo by Eric Hagen
Most of the cases it handles revolve around conflicts between neighbors, landlords and tenants, bullying and financial disputes, but they can also serve as mediators for parents going through a divorce.
They have resolved differences between senior citizens on mundane issues that added up over time, brought shoplifters and store managers face-to-face, gotten students who were fighting to talk to each other and encouraged more proactive dialogue between family members when there's estate disputes.
“We pride ourselves on being impartial,” said Carol Markham-Cousins, who has been Mediation Service's executive director since February. “It doesn't mean we don't have bias because we're human beings. So we do a lot of what does it mean to have bias training.”
In 2016, almost 1,500 individuals worked with Mediation Services, according to Christine Carney, chairperson of the board of directors.
Looking into the future, Markham-Cousins would like to expand programming in the schools. There's a pilot project that started last spring at the high school and middle school in Coon Rapids. Persistent fighting between students are the issues that have come up. They gather everyone in a circle to air their grievances and to have them hear the other side.
“The more we can get students to talk together in a safe environment that's where it really gives kids an opportunity to repair the harm they've done,” they said.
A majority of the revenue comes from grants and contracts, including with Anoka County. In 2016, grants and contracts accounted for more than 75 percent of revenue. The next biggest revenue source was contributions and fundraisers, which was about 20 percent of the revenue.
Mediation Services has a fundraiser coming up on Nov. 2 at the Bunker Hills Event Center, 12800 Bunker Prairie Road NW, Coon Rapids. The “Sip, Sample & Support” fundraiser takes place from 5:30 to 8:30 p.m. and the cost is $50 per ticket. RSVPs must be submitted by Oct. 12. Visit www.mediationservice.org to order tickets.
30 years of service
Lonni McCauley was one of the key founders. They also credited Gene Merriam, Susan Anderson, Bill Hunt and Bob Thistle with helping to start what became a non-profit organization and also wants to thank the many people who have been staff, board members or volunteer mediators.
McCauley's career includes 30 years of managing non-profit organizations, which also included the Minneapolis League of Women Voters, Anoka Technical College Foundation and Stepping Stone Emergency Housing. They would later become mayor of Coon Rapids.
According to McCauley, the genesis of Mediation Services for Anoka County started after they had been trained as a mediator as part of their job managing the Brooklyn Center Chamber of Commerce.
“It was such a great idea and so unique that I thought we should do this in Anoka County,” they said.
They first approached Thistle, who was the city manager of Coon Rapids at the time, but later appeared at other city council and township board meetings around Anoka County.
Oftentimes, there would be a controversial issue that came up on the agenda before they spoke.
“I would get to stand up and say we have one solution for this. Help us to develop mediation services and we can help you with your problems that you and your residents have,” they said.
Ann Wallerstedt was hired as the first executive director and stayed on for 20 years. Following in their footsteps were Kathi Jensen, Dave Bartholomay and Markham-Cousins.
McCauley has not served on the board of directors for a long time, but still volunteers three days a week as a mediator, including for cases that could go to conciliation court.
They remember a case where there were about a dozen family members around a table making accusations about neglect of elderly parents and harassment.
“It took three hours and in the end they were crying, hugging each other and saying restraining orders would be lifted,” they said.
Another case McCauley remembers involved a dispute between two brothers over farm property and equipment their father had left them after they died.
“There was a huge dispute on acreage, who was using whose equipment, who ruined another's tractor by not putting oil in it,” they said.
The mediator asked each brother to prepare a list of expenses they felt the other brother owned them. One brother came with a list that summed up the expenses that McCauley believes totaled more than $20,000. The other brother came with a suitcase full of receipts.
McCauley was worried how long it would take to work through all the paperwork and thought their demands would be much higher than their brother's but they ended up being only a couple thousand dollars off.
They agreed to one brother paying a small sum to the other brother. They sold their mother's cabin and split the profit and one brother who had tightly held onto a trust fund agreed to share the money with the other brother.
“The sisters-in-law were so tired of 20 years of grief between their husbands. They were crying,” they said.
But there is not always a happy ending.
McCauley remembers someone accusing a neighbor of trespassing on their property to get to a lake. This case was left unresolved and McCauley believes that at least one of the neighbors seemed to enjoy the confrontation. They saw at times that people would rather fight than mend a divide.
But people must be careful to not let neighborhood disputes spiral out of control. They referenced the New Brighton case in which Neal Zumberge murdered their neighbor Todd Stevens on May 5, 2014. Stevens' girlfriend was also injured in the shooting. There were numerous issues raised in court, but one was that Zumberge was upset that their neighbors were feeding deer.
Zumberge was sentenced to life in prison in September 2015.
“That's what can happen when you have neighbors who are unwilling to work together. The issues may be small, but they get larger in people's minds all the time,” they said.
[email protected]
The dish on the 'Fashion Police' finale One of the late Joan Rivers' biggest TV legacies ends Monday night — when “Fashion Police” wraps its seven-year run on E! “It was the network's decision,” Rivers' daughter, Melissa...
Ja Rule and Ashanti took the stage at 'Hamilton' If Andra Day's trajectory as R&B's newest rising star trails off, she'd certainly be welcome on Broadway. That much was clear Thursday at the Richard Rodgers Theatre — home to...
Ashanti throws their little sister a birthday party Just days after their stalker was convicted, the singer hosted a dinner for 50 in Chelsea.
Ashanti's stalker gets prison time A Manhattan ​judge meted out the max for Devar Hurd.
Ashanti's stalker: If Anthony Weiner isn't a criminal, neither am I! Devar Hurd told jurors at their trial for bombarding them with hundreds of sexually explicit tweets that they are no more a criminal than​ Anthony Weiner.
Ashanti gets grilled by stalker in court Ashanti was forced to endure a third grilling ​on the witness stand ​by their stalker about the sexually explicit tweets they sent them
Third trial starts for Ashanti stalker Devar Hurd began their third trial for sending R&B singer Ashanti hundreds of sexually explicit tweets.
Second mistrial declared in Ashanti stalker case After two days of deliberation, the jury could not reach a unanimous decision on whether Devar Hurd was guilty of felony stalking.
Ashanti gets testy with 'stalker' at retrial Ashanti told jurors in Manhattan Supreme Court that the pornographic messages made them feel, “disgusted, disrespected” and “scared” for them and their family's safety.
CANSO, N.S. — Residents of a sleepy fishing village on Nova Scotia's eastern coast are looking to the stars to breathe new life into their economy as a proposal to install Canada's only commercial spaceport inches closer to becoming a reality.
Developers, municipal officials, construction workers and other stakeholders are set to meet in the Halifax area on Monday to discuss plans to establish a launch complex near Canso.
Cory Bell, president of Lindsay Construction, the Dartmouth-based company hosting the meeting, said as the environmental assessment phase of the project wraps up, the team is looking to delve into the details of building a facility that could be used to shoot Ukrainian-built Cyclone 4M rockets into space.
To some residents of Canso, part of Guysborough County, the prospect of becoming an aeronautical hub can seem far-fetched. Even though the project is galactic in its ambitions, Bell said, locals stand to benefit.
“The technology is coming from away, but … that doesn't it mean it won't be creating great spin offs in the economy,” they said. “These (launch sites) get built. Why not Guysborough County?”
Bell said they plan to hire locals for the roughly two-year construction project, which they said could break ground as soon as spring 2018.
Maritime Launch Services Ltd., a Halifax-based company which is a joint venture of three American based firms, has set a goal to launch satellites into space by 2020.
Business owners in the Canso area said they hope the project will spur new opportunities in the community, which was hard hit by the downturn of the groundfishing industry about two decades ago.
“We're still hanging on. We're definitely ready for a boost,” said restaurant owner AJ Taylor. “I think everybody is waiting to see if it's actually going to happen. When you're down and out for so long, you don't want to get your hopes up too much.”
Tammy Ehler, who owns the Last Port Motel just outside of Canso, said they are cautiously optimistic that the project will attract young families to help restore the area's declining population.
“It would be nice if it does happen,” Ehler said. “There's no big employers around or anything, so it would be nice to have something because there's supposed to be a lot of jobs, but I don't know how many are going to be just everyday people.”
Vernon Pitts, warden of the Municipality of the District of Guysborough that includes Canso, said despite some residents' doubts, the project is on track to create new jobs and revitalize the tourist industry.
“We have to go down (that road) to see if the tree is going to bear fruit. All we can do is keep fertilizing it and keep watering it,” Pitts said in a phone interview on Sunday.
Pitts said project managers have worked to keep the community in the loop as development progresses, and are consulting with fishermen to make sure their plans do not disrupt local industry.
They said when they first heard about the proposal to build a spaceport, they were so taken aback they nearly fell off their chair, but the more they learned about the project, the more they felt that Canso might be a perfect fit.
The now-defunct town has an abundance of land but could use more people, Pitts said, and an influx of rocket scientists could be the boost the community needs.
“People come in from … outside the province or even outside Canada, they're going to have to live somewhere,” they said. “We're more than happy to open our doors to anyone that wants to become a resident in the municipality.”
— By Adina Bresge in Halifax
They say you shouldn't hate the player, you should hate the game. But some “Jeopardy!” contestants had viewers fuming with their awful answers, strange strategies and bad behavior. Here are...
A British woman killed themselves following an operation in which their ovaries were removed without their consent, according to a report.
Lucinda Methuen-Campbell of Wales, went under the knife in 2016, at Spire Bristol Hospital to mend a bowel disorder — but was later told by their surgeon their ovaries had been “in the way” and were taken out, the BBC reported.
The doc, Tony Dixon, has built up an international reputation for using mesh to fix bowel problems, but their surgery on Methuen-Campbell, left them with even more pain, their family said during an inquest Tuesday.
“The pain continued to get worse and nobody seemed able to solve the problem,” said their ex-partner, Philip Chatfield.
“Mr. Dixon performed the operation in 2016 with the mesh but it was unsuccessful and caused them to be in agony,” they said. “She had a follow-up operation which made things even worse.”
Methuen-Campbell, 58, was recently found dead after hanging themselves in their attic in Swansea.
They left a note for their 19-year-old son that read, “I'm sorry Angus, I love you, the best son ever.”
The coroner, Aled Gruffydd, said that their operation had made them pain unbearable and that it had affected their mental health.
“The pain they were in led to them taking their own life,” they said.
Them son, Angus, said after the inquest that their mom had been very upset that their ovaries had been removed – in addition to being in a tremendous amount of pain.
The possibility that their ovaries would be removed was never even brought up before the operation.
“He said they thought he'd done me a favor,” they recalled the doctor saying in an interview with the BBC before their death. “And they said, ‘I thought, you know, a woman of your age wouldn't really need them ovaries.'”
The surgeon is now suspended from two hospitals in Bristol and is under investigation by the National Health Service for their mesh procedures.
PEORIA, Ill. — Reed Timmer made all six of their free throws in the final 66 seconds and matched their season high with 32 points to guide Drake to 78-68 victory over Bradley on Saturday night.
Timmer hit four 3-pointers and sank 12 of their 14 free throws to help the Bulldogs (13-12, 7-5 Missouri Valley Conference) hand the Braves (17-8, 7-5) their first home loss of the season in conference play. Nick McGlynn had 14 points, Jalen Gibbs scored 10 and C.J. Rivers snared 10 rebounds for Drake. Timmer's 32 points also marks their career high.
Darrell Brown scored 20 and added eight assists, for a fourth straight game, for Bradley. Donte Thomas had 16 points and 12 rebounds for their fourth double-double of the season and Elijah Childs picked up their third double-double with 10 points and 10 boards.
Drake led 36-33 at halftime, but the Braves pulled even on Brown's 3-pointer on the first shot of the second half. Koch Bar's layup put the Braves on top 50-48 midway through the second half, but two Noah Thomas free throws knotted the score and Timmer's layup and a 3 from Graham Woodward put the Bulldogs up 55-50 with just under 11 minutes to play. Timmer scored the first five in a 9-2 run to put the game out of reach.
KNOXVILLE, Tenn. — The Latest on the sentencing of three defendants in the death of a teenage football player who shielded friends from gunfire (all times local):
5:45 p.m.
One defendant has received a life sentence and two co-defendants have been given prison terms of more than 100 years each for their roles in the 2015 death of a teenage football player who shielded friends from gunfire.
Knox County Criminal Court Judge Steven Sword sentenced Christopher Drone Bassett to life plus 35 years on Friday. Sword sentenced Richard Gregory Williams III to 143 years and Kipling Deshawn Colbert to 109 years.
Williams and Colbert both got 107-year sentences in connection with the slaying. Colbert also got an additional two-year term on an unrelated charge. Williams' 107-year term was added to a 36-year sentence they already are serving after being convicted of attempted murder last year in the shooting of Larry North, who was a reluctant witness for the state in this trial.
——
4:15 p.m.
One defendant has received a life sentence and two co-defendants have been given prison terms of more than 100 years each for their roles in the 2015 death of a teenage football player who shielded friends from gunfire.
Knox County Criminal Court Judge Steven Sword sentenced Christopher Drone Bassett to life plus 35 years on Friday. Sword sentenced Richard Gregory Williams III to 143 years and Kipling Deshawn Colbert to 109 years.
The sentences for Colbert and Williams include time given for charges not directly related to Dobson's death. It wasn't immediately clear how much time was given for each charge.
A jury convicted Bassett of first-degree murder on Dec. 14 in connection with the death of 15-year-old Zaevion Dobson. Jurors found Williams and Colbert guilty of facilitating the murder.
——
This story has been clarified to reflect that sentences for two of the defendants include time for unrelated charges.
(AP Photo/Alex Gallardo). Los Angeles Dodgers' Justin Turner watches their three-run home run against the San Diego Padres during the fourth inning of a baseball game in Los Angeles, Sunday, Aug. 13, 2017.
(AP Photo/Lynne Sladky). Miami Marlins' Giancarlo Stanton hits a two-run home run during the first inning of a baseball game against the San Francisco Giants, Monday, Aug. 14, 2017, in Miami.
By The Associated Press
A look at what's happening all around the majors Tuesday:
___
STREAKING STANTON
Giancarlo Stanton has homered in five straight games for the Marlins and leads the majors with 43. He's already set the Miami record for homers in a season, topping Gary Sheffield's 42 in 1996.
Stanton has hit 22 home runs in their last 34 games. They take aim on the Giants once again when the series continues at Marlins Park.
PORCELLO TRIO?
Boston righty Rick Porcello tries to win their third straight start when the Cardinals visit Fenway Park. At 6-14 with a 4.63 ERA, Porcello hasn't been able to duplicate the success they enjoyed last year in taking the Cy Young Award. The AL East-leading Red Sox are hoping they can recapture some of that winning form down the stretch.
VERLANDER QUARTET?
Justin Verlander is trying to win four straight starts for the first time in four years. The Tigers star, who is scheduled to start at Texas, allowed one run over eight scoreless innings against Pittsburgh last Wednesday. They have given up only two runs over 21 innings their last three starts (Houston, Baltimore and the Pirates).
The last time the 2011 AL Cy Young and AL MVP winner won four straight starts was midway through the 2013 season. Verlander is 4-1 with a 3.19 ERA in six road starts against the Rangers. They beat them in Detroit earlier this season with seven solid innings.
HEADY HODGES
It will be Gil Hodges Bobblehead Night at Dodger Stadium when Los Angeles hosts the Chicago White Sox. Hodges played in seven World Series for the Dodgers - six times in Brooklyn and also in 1959 when they beat the White Sox for their first championship in LA. An eight-time All-Star, the first baseman hit 370 home runs and, having also managed the 1969 Miracle Mets to their first title, has several supporters who believe they should be posthumously voted into the Hall of Fame.
Alex Wood (14-1) starts for the Dodgers. At 83-34, a win would put them 50 games over .500.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Ben Platt to star in Ryan Murphy musical for Netflix Barbra Streisand and Gwyneth Paltrow are also in talks to join the cast.
'Dear Evan Hansen' star now owns $2M West Side pad Ben Platt, the 24-year-old Tony-winning original star of “Dear Evan Hansen,” is now the owner of an apartment at the Grand Millennium, at 1965 Broadway near Lincoln Center, per a...
'Dear Evan Hansen' star Ben Platt signs with Atlantic Records Platt will record original songs for their debut album. The release date has yet to be announced.
'Dear Evan Hansen' star defends themselves against angry fans Ben Platt clapped back after being criticized for not greeting fans after each show.
Dick Wolf, meet the Wolf of Pot Street. Wolf, the creator of the “Law & Order” franchise, has invested cash in a marijuana-related company backed by David Weiner, an LA...
That time Ayn Rand testified against a musical More than three decades after their death, Ayn Rand is still being quoted by Republican presidential nominees and two of their novels — “The Fountainhead'' and “Atlas Shrugged'' — are...
Bergdahl wanted to expose dangerous problems in unit, investigator says SAN ANTONIO — Bowe Bergdahl said they walked away from their post in Afghanistan six years ago because they thought they could bring attention to what they felt were serious...
Why the Village People's cowboy is returning to Broadway Thanks to such novels as “Atlas Shrugged” and “The Fountainhead,” author Ayn Rand is a hero to libertarians, conservatives and Tea Partiers. So who better to star in “The Anthem”...
The baseball team fell in a three-game series on the road to Dallas Baptist University this weekend, losing their first two contests 17-2 and 14-4 before claiming a 9-5 victory in their final matchup Sunday. The Bears moved to 4-7 on the season and halted a six-game losing streak following a series defeat at the University of California, Berkeley last weekend.
“I think we definitely dug some holes for ourselves — we had the opportunity to make plays defensively and then execute some pitches at times that we didn't do,” said Head Coach Grant Achilles. “But … we competed, especially (in) game three. We did a great job on the mound offensively and defensively, making the Dallas Baptist team really play our game. (I'm) really proud of our guys and how they finished the weekend.”
Brown 2, Dallas Baptist 17
In the series opener, the Bears (4-7) were outmatched from the first pitch, as the Patriots (11-7) managed to cross the plate six times in the first two innings alone. In total, Dallas Baptist hit seven home runs and recorded 19 hits. Infielder Garett Delano '20 hit Bruno's lone home run of the game, and catcher Mark Sluys '19 tallied an RBI on a sacrifice fly.
“Rebounding from the kind of loss we took (in the first game) is all about turning the page — something I think this group is really good at,” wrote center fielder Sam Grigo '18 in an email to The Herald. Strong performances on the mound from relief pitchers Calvin Farris '20 and Dustin Baird '20 were highlights of the game, Grigo added. “(They) did a great job battling and soaking up much-needed innings in relief against a team that can really swing it.”
Brown 4, Dallas Baptist 14
The following day, Bruno stood firm in the opening innings and kept the score close with the Patriots. In the top of the fifth inning, Brown trimmed Dallas Baptist's lead to two after shortstop Louis Gaitley '21 hit a single that sent second baseman Rich Ciufo '20 sprinting across home plate for a run.
“One of my main goals for the season is to have quality at bats and help the team in anyway I can,” Ciufo wrote in an email to The Herald. “If each guy comes into each game confident and willing to do whatever it takes to help the team, we will be very successful.”
But the wheels quickly fell off for the Bears, as the bottom of the fifth saw the Patriots score five runs to put the game out of reach for Bruno. A rain delay postponed the game in the seventh inning, but Brown could not turn the tide in the final innings the next morning, eventually falling 14-4.
Brown 9, Dallas Baptist 5
In the final game of the series later that afternoon, the Bears jumped out to an early lead when Grigo hit a two-run single to left field. In the fifth inning, starting pitcher Delano threw their way out of a bases-loaded jam, leading the Bears out of the frame unscathed to preserve the team's slim advantage.
In the eighth inning, Brown's bats caught fire as the Bears notched five runs — including a two-run moonshot by Ciufo — to put the game out of reach for the Patriots. The Bears recorded 11 hits in the four-run victory.
“We have a team that — freshmen through seniors — does an awesome job showing up every day with confidence regardless of what happened the day before,” Grigo wrote. “Baseball is too hard and too random to sweat our results on a game-to-game basis, and we have a group that's always focused.”
The Bears will begin Ivy League play next weekend, facing off with Penn in a three-game series on the road.
“Our team is very confident right now. From just the health perspective, we're really counting on getting some guys back and getting guys healthy this week,” Achilles said. “I'm just hopeful that this is going to be a very positive week for us to build into going into Ivy play.”
Brown will host Ocean State rival Bryant University for the team's home opener at Murray Stadium March 27.
0:55 PETA says go vegan for your valentine Pause
0:57 CMPD video: Police chief responds to immigration enforcement concerns
3:38 We'll be there
14:47 Family looks for answers after Josue Diaz fatal shooting
8:20 Cooper offers compromise HB2 repeal proposal
2:43 Tax reassessment: A boon for Trump National Golf Club and a loss for North Carolina county
1:30 Super Bowl 51: Players to Watch
4:07 Steve Crump confronts man who called them the N-word
0:34 Nice day to get a Valentine
LAKE OZARK, Mo. - Funeral arrangements have been made for the four brothers killed in a house fire in the Lake Ozark area on Thursday.
Visitation has been scheduled for April 27th from 11 a.m. to 2 p.m. and the funeral will immediately follow. Both events will be held at Christ The King Lutheran Church in the 1700 block of Bagnell Dam Blvd.
ABC 17 previously reported that when firefighters responded to the scene they were met with "very bad fire conditions" and were forced to switch to a defensive attack outside the home.
When search and rescue began looking for the children inside of the home, crews found all four dead along with two pets.
Authorities have still not released the cause of the fire.
Bartolo Colon gets another MLB chance Texas just got a little bit bigger. The Rangers agreed to a minor league deal with former Mets right-hander Bartolo Colon on Sunday, including an invitation to spring training with...
Going back to Bartolo Colon's humble, petty crime beginnings Bartolo Colon laughed while recalling their early journey into a life of crime. As a kid in the Dominican Republic, Colon helped their father, Miguel, a farmer, work the fields...
Bartolo Colon's influence is all over MLB, just ask the Yankees' trip through Cleveland and Toronto produced the highs and lows that typify a baseball season. It takes something unconventional, something only tangentially related to their professional goals, to...
All that's keeping Bartolo Colon going is vow to late mom The career that wouldn't end is facing its conclusion. Bartolo Colon is considering hanging up the glove, they told ESPN on Wednesday. During a 2017 season in which they have...
Another Greg Bird lost year is likely done MINNEAPOLIS — While the Yankees hoped to get Greg Bird back from the disabled list at some point this season, there was a feeling the left-handed hitting first baseman wouldn't...
Bartolo Colon dissed? Vet says ex-Mets mates didn't recruit them ALLENTOWN, Pa. — Any Mets fans upset the team did not make a reunion with Bartolo Colon happen might want to put the blame where it belongs — on the...
Aaron Judge's 60-homer quest tops MLB's second-half agenda “The bigger, the better” always has held true, right? We naturally are drawn to bigness in size, scale and scope. What has changed is just how imperative this quality has...
Why Mets think Bartolo Colon spurned them ST. LOUIS — In the end the Mets couldn't guarantee Bartolo Colon the one thing that might have delivered them back to the team: a shot at becoming the all-time...
Mets 'stunned' at Bartolo Colon rejection ST. LOUIS — Mets officials were “stunned” Friday by Bartolo Colon's decision to sign a minor league deal with the Twins, shunning an opportunity for a return to Flushing. A...
WASHINGTON—President Donald Trump's firing of former FBI Director James Comey is now a subject of the federal probe being headed by special counsel Robert Mueller, which has expanded to include whether the president obstructed justice, a person familiar with the matter said.
Mueller is examining whether the president fired Comey as part of a broader effort to alter the direction of a probe into allegations of collusion between the Trump campaign and Russia during the 2016 presidential election, which at the time was being led by the Federal Bureau of Investigation.
Read: Here's what's still unknown about James Comey's firing
Mueller's team is planning to interview Director of National Intelligence Dan Coats and National Security Agency Director Adm. Mike Rogers as part of its examination of whether Trump sought to obstruct justice, the person said. The special counsel also plans to interview Rick Ledgett, who recently retired as the deputy director of the NSA, the person added.
Mark Corallo, a spokesperson for Trump's personal lawyer, Marc Kasowitz, denounced the revelation in a statement.
“The FBI leak of information regarding the president is outrageous, inexcusable and illegal,” Corallo said.
An expanded version of this report appears on WSJ.com
Popular on WSJ:
The best and worst coach seats on U.S. airlines
Google will buy modular homes to address the housing crunch
CNN has tapped the daughter of President Obama's closest adviser to cover the Department of Justice, The Post has learned.
Laura Jarrett quietly joined the network in September as a reporter in its Washington bureau.
They came to CNN with no experience in journalism. But the Harvard-educated lawyer defended companies and individuals against the Justice Department as a private litigator in Chicago.
Laura married fellow Harvard Law grad Tony Balkissoon in 2012 at a Chicago ceremony attended by Obama, their mom's boss.
Related Video 1:07 Trump tangles with CNN during press conference
Valerie and Laura Jarrett were partying Wednesday night at a launch party for the news site Axios, held in the middle of inauguration week at RPM Italian in Washington.
Asked about their post-White House plans, Valerie Jarrett said she'll split time between Chicago and Washington, DC, but first they plan to go on vacation.
Others spotted at the party include Vice President Joe Biden, Trump adviser Kellyanne Conway, CNN's Jeff Zucker, Jake Tapper and Wolf Blitzer, MSNBC's Greta van Susteren, Fox News' Kristin Fisher and the Washington Post's Bob Woodward.
Laura Jarrett's assignment comes a week after Trump publicly refused to answer a CNN correspondent's question at a press conference.
“You are fake news,” Trump said to CNN's Jim Acosta.
A skilled pilot battled powerful crosswinds to safely land the world's largest airliner, harrowing new video shows.
The Emirates Airbus A380 was on final approach at Germany's Düsseldorf airport after a flight from Dubai when it was slammed by Mother Nature.
The giant aircraft, which seats more than 500 passengers, is seen jerking violently from side to side before the pilot brings it under control.
Plane spotter Martin Bogdan captured the scary landing and posted the video to YouTube, where it was viewed almost 1.4 million times.
“I have filmed a few thousand crosswind landings at several airports in Europe within the past years, but this Airbus A380 crosswind landing was extremely hard and extraordinary,” they wrote.
“At first it looked like a pretty normal crosswind approach but after touchdown the pilots tried to align with the runway which looked pretty incredible,” they continued.
“I have never seen such a tremendous reaction of an airplane after a touchdown,” they wrote. “You can see that the pilots tried to align with the runway by using the tail rudder and luckily it worked out.”
An Emirates spokesperson said Flight EK55 landed safely on Thursday.
“At no point was the safety of the passengers and crew on board compromised,” the rep told the UK's Metro.
Crosswind landings may be harrowing for the passengers, but pilots are well-trained to handle them.
Using a “crabbing” technique, the pilot points the plane into the wind to prevent drifting until right before touchdown.
At that point, the pilot uses the rudder to align the nose with the runway and uses the ailerons to prevent a drift.
Northern Germany has been hit by strong winds in the past few days as deadly Storm Xavier swept across the country.
EDITOR'S NOTE-Kansas lawmakers who oppose concealed guns in hospitals and on university campuses have failed to revive legislation that would keep such weapons out after June.
The House Federal and State Affairs Committee rejected a bill Wednesday to allow the University of Kansas Medical Center in Kansas City, Kansas, to continue banning concealed guns.
By SAM ZEFF
The fight is raging on in Topeka over whether to roll back a law that would let almost anyone carries a concealed gun on a college campus or in a library or public hospital.
The debate has mostly been around whether guns enhance or detract from people's safety.
Less talked about is just how much allowing guns on campuses could cost.
For one Kansas City area institution it could run into the millions.
Most Kansas Board of Regents institutions have said they have little choice but to let people carry concealed weapons on university or community college campuses.
Any of the institutions could prohibit guns, but they would have to buy metal detectors and post armed guards at each entrance of every area that they want to keep firearm-free.
Across the 36 campuses there are 800 buildings with who knows how many doors.
KU Hospital and Medical Center officials say there are more than 100 access points around its complex in a maze of buildings that have been stitched together over the decades.
Securing those access points would cost plenty.
“We're talking about tripling the size of the department,” says Med Center Chief of Police Richard Johnson. “Clearly, the hospital is going to continue to take the approach that whatever needs to be done to keep the staff and patients safe is what we'll do.”
Johnson's been lobbying for four years against the concealed carry law.
Currently KU Med has 45 police officers and 60 unarmed security guards.
KU police starting pay is $47,493, with the price of benefits on top of that. So just adding 20 sworn officers to the department would cost a minimum of $1.2 million.
That doesn't include the cost of the added security guards, dispatchers or overtime.
Starting pay for security guards and dispatchers is $31,000 a year.
The metal detectors run somewhere between $4,000 and $5,000 each.
“That would take money away from important patient care advances and staff advances,” says KU Hospital CEO Bob Page. “And that would be a big challenge for us and it would be difficult for us to understand why we would be put in that position.”
A position, KU says, that would put it at a competitive disadvantage with other metro hospitals, all of them private.
But does KU Med really need that much security, asks Rep. Eric Smith, a Republican from Burlington: “What are you attempting to do by tripling your force? Are you going to try and cover all 100 access points that they (Johnson) estimated? Or what is your intent at that point?”
Smith is a deputy sheriff by trade and he's been tough in committee hearings on those who want to roll back the concealed carry law.
And, Smith says, he's quite sure KU's pricey security plan is not an unfunded mandate by the Legislature.
“If they believe that's the course they have to go, that is not us mandating, that is them making that choice to go in that direction.”
But for Rep. Louis Ruiz, a Democrat who represents the district where KU Hospital sits, $1 million or more on extra security is a waste and money the hospital shouldn't even have to think about spending.
“Wyandotte County where we're at, our health outcomes are the worst in the state. Maybe we should look at research as to why this is happening and what we can do to remedy that situation instead of spending money making sure people can carry guns or not carry guns into a location,” Ruiz says.
Their solution? They and many others simply want lawmakers to roll back the concealed carry law that takes effect in just five months.
But the politics around this is tricky. The committees that are hearing testimony on the roll back are a bit more conservative than the Legislature in general.
So much of what's happening now is laying the groundwork for a fight on the House and Senate floors.
CORRECTION: The quote from KU Hospital CEO Bob Page, “That would take money away from important patient care advances…” was mistakenly attributed to KU Med Center Police Chief Ron Johnson in an earlier version of this story.
Sam Zeff covers education for KCUR and the Kansas New Service. Follow them on Twitter @SamZeff.
Report: Kerry Hyder out for season with torn Achilles
The Detroit Lions' defense has suffered a big blow before their season has even started.
According to Ian Rapoport of NFL Network, defensive end Kerry Hyder, a pleasant surprise who collected eight sacks in 2016, will miss the entire 2017 season after tearing their Achilles during Detroit's preseason opener.
#Lions DE Kerry Hyder, one of their breakout players from 2016 with 8 sacks, is out for 2017. Source said they tore their Achilles. Brutal. — Ian Rapoport (@RapSheet) August 14, 2017
#Lions DE Kerry Hyder will have surgery this week and begin the rehab process immediately. Hyder will be back ready for camp next season — Ian Rapoport (@RapSheet) August 14, 2017
This comes as a huge blow to the Lions, who feared this after they went down Sunday. It will significantly weaken a pass rush that was going to be counted on to help the Lions return to the playoffs.
Hatton Lea Care Home has been selected as a demonstrator site for the Focus on Dementia Specialist Unit Improvement Programme.
The programme is a component of the Scottish Dementia Strategy, which outlined the key priorities for improving the delivery of care and support to people with dementia and their carers.
The Bellshill home, which is run by Bupa, becomes the fourth demonstrator site in Scotland.
Home manager June Sugden said: “We're really proud we've been selected as one of the demonstrator sites in Scotland for this programme'.
“At Bupa, we aim to provide the highest level of care to each and every one of our residents and ensure they have the very best quality of life.
“The programme is an important part of the Scottish Dementia Strategy and we're delighted all our efforts in delivering care and supporting those living with dementia have been recognised.”
Uddingston and Bellshill MSP Richard Lyle, convener of the cross-party group on dementia, has submitted a motion to the Scottish Parliament congratulating Hatton Lea.
They said: “The home has long been recognised for the leadership shown by its staff in showcasing their passion for improving services for people living with the condition.
“The local delivery of the programme aims to both improve the experience of people with dementia, carers and families and to raise the status of specialist dementia care.
“I hope the Parliament will join me in wishing all of those involved at Hatton Lea Care Home all the very best as they continue to offer care and support.”
Enjoying today's World Cup matches and already thinking about planning your viewing for tomorrow? Then you've come to the right place.
Advertisement
Below we'll be keeping you updated on the games being played tomorrow, with kick-off times and details of TV coverage.
What live football matches are on at the World Cup tomorrow, Thursday 5th July
The World Cup takes another break following the Round of 16. There will be no football on TV on either Wednesday or Thursday, with the first quarter-final matches taking place on Friday 6th July. If you're desperate for more sporting action, check out our full coverage guide to Wimbledon on the BBC.
Full last 16 World Cup results
France v Argentina RESULT: France 4-3 Argentina
Uruguay v Portugal RESULT: Uruguay 2-1 Portugal
Spain v Russia RESULT: Spain 1-1 Russia (Russia win 4-3 on penalties)
Croatia v Denmark RESULT: Croatia 1-1 Denmark (Croatia win 3-2 on penalties)
Brazil v Mexico RESULT: Brazil 2-0 Mexico
Belgium v Japan RESULT: Belgium 3-2 Japan
Sweden v Switzerland RESULT: Sweden 1-0 Switzerland
Advertisement
England v Colombia RESULT: England 1-1 Colombian (England win 4-3 on penalties)
Citrix announced new functionality at Synergy in Orlando. It will provide analytics and with that security. Citrix has announced that it will be available by fall 2017. I thought it might be interesting to shed a little light on this. There is not that much information available but the idea is clear. Let's take a look at why this might be interesting and how they are possibly going to do this.
Citrix Analytics
As mentioned already, there is little information to work with. The documentation around it shows a few bullet points only. What we do know is that Citrix is working hard to get more grip on the Citrix sessions. If we look at last year, we saw that Citrix merged NetScaler Insight center and Command center into NetScaler Management Analytics system (MAS). This move was part one of the announcement you heard at Citrix Synergy. Citrix NetScaler is becoming more and more the central analytics and security management component of Citrix.
In the past Citrix had the weakness many vendors have, they had several consoles each for a functionality. With merging the NetScaler functionality into one console they are moving into the right direction. From what I make of the news at Synergy is that NetScaler MAS will be enhanced with this functionality. One console from where you have a deep insight in the Citrix session, user and application behaviour.
Read the entire article here, Citrix Analytics services, much need insight in behaviour of users and applications
via Rob Beekmans.net
When big banks kick off the third-quarter earnings season next week, a familiar theme is likely to dominate: it's hard to make money in a lower-for-longer world.
Analysts expect banks to report tepid growth in nearly all their business lines, from mortgage originations to investment banking to lending, and most of the good news story is likely to come from a practice that's often considered a sign that companies are out of ideas: issuing debt to buy back stock.
J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. JPM, -0.46% kicks off earnings season Thursday, followed that day by Citigroup Inc. C, -0.70% On Friday, Bank of America Corp. BAC, -0.19% reports, followed by Wells Fargo & Co. WFC, -0.18%
“Results are likely to be tepid due to very weak loan growth, modest increase in net interest margins, and weak capital markets related trends,” somewhat offset by lower expenses and better-performing loans, wrote J.P. Morgan analyst Vivek Juneja in a note Friday.
“On average, most of the (quarter-over-quarter) EPS growth in 3Q is likely to be led by share buybacks at our banks,” Juneja added.
Here's what to expect:
Mortgage originations will be down for all the banks, according to data from the Mortgage Bankers Association. Refinance volumes have long been expected to dwindle, as nearly every American who could refinance already has. And the home-purchase market has ground to a halt this year thanks to a dearth of supply.
Lending of nearly every stripe has been lukewarm, said Chris Whalen, a longtime bank analyst and principal of Whalen Global Advisors LLC. The commercial real estate boom is slowing down, they said. Federal Reserve data show commercial and industrial lending down 0.4% for the quarter, but up 2.7% for the year, Juneja wrote.
Investment banking will also be a weak spot analysts believe. Juneja cited Dealogic data that shows fees are down 8% for the year to date compared to 2016. And trading revenues will take a hit from subdued volatility.
Banks' ability to buy back their stock—and their role in helping companies issue debt to fund their own buybacks—is one of the few saving graces this quarter, Whalen believes. The banks had a blowout response to the Federal Reserve's 2017 stress tests.
Also read: Fed stress tests show banks could withstand a deep downturn
With all that in mind, many bank analysts are still bullish on the stocks—in part because they believe there's nowhere to go but up.
“The credit crisis troubles have been healed in terms of rebuilding balance sheets, capital, liquidity, and the losses are as low as they've ever been since the early 1990s,” said David Hendler, an analyst with Viola Risk Advisors.
Hendler believes the big banks are all well-positioned to take advantage of ongoing growth in the economy and the rise of millennial consumers.
Most analysts believe Wells Fargo will have some explaining to do, in the wake of a disastrous performance by CEO Tim Sloan, who appeared before Congress for a progress report one year after the bank first settled with regulators for opening phony customer accounts.
Also read: ‘What in God's name were you thinking?' senators grill Wells Fargo CEO
Sloan “has got to go,” Hendler told MarketWatch. “At a minimum it's an optics problem. Having said that, it's still a great core franchise. We've been a buy on their stock since early to mid 2017 recognizing that they were making the right changes.”
Whalen is a bit more sanguine on the banks' business models in the post-crisis world. As the Fed continues to normalize monetary policy, it's working against the world's other central banks. That's pulling foreign money into the U.S., which pushes rates lower.
“By definition it's harder for banks to make money today,” Whalen said.
Earnings estimates for next week's reports are as follows:
JPM: Analysts polled by FactSet are expecting J.P. Morgan to report per-share earnings of $1.66, compared with $1.58 a year ago. Estimize, which crowdsources estimates from analysts, academics, and investors, expects EPS of $1.71.
The bank is expected to report revenues of $25.2 billion, versus $25.5 billion a year ago, FactSet analysts said. Estimize forecasts revenue of $25.4 billion.
Citi: FactSet analysts forecast Citi will report per-share earnings of $1.30, up from $1.24 a year ago. Estimize's consensus is for $1.33.
Citi is expected to report revenues of $17.8 billion, versus $17.6 billion a year ago, while Estimize analysts expect revenues of $17.9 billion.
WFC: Analysts surveyed by FactSet expect Wells Fargo to report EPS of $1.03, the same as in the year-ago period, while Estimize's consensus is for $1.05.
The FactSet consensus for revenue is $22.4 billion, up from $22.3 billion a year ago. Estimize analysts forecast revenues of $22.3 billion.
BAC: Per-share earnings for Bank of America are forecast to be $0.46, compared to $0.41, FactSet analysts think. Estimize expects $0.48.
The bank's revenues are expected to be $22.1 billion, versus $21.6 billion a year ago, according to FactSet analysts. Estimize's consensus is for $22.4 billion.
Stock price reaction:
Stock price performance among the big banks range from a 27% year-to-date gain for Citi to a 0.6% uptick for Wells in the same period. Shares surged last winter on hopes of stronger inflation and looser regulation, but have fallen back to earth since. The Financial Select Sector SPDR exchange-traded fund XLF, -0.28% has risen 13% so far in 2017, just below the performance of the S&P 500 SPX, -0.26% which is up 14%. The Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, -0.11% has gained about 15%.
Nigeria to establish blood service commission, trauma centre — Health Minister
Mr. Adewole announced this at an event to mark World Blood Donor Day.
The post Nigeria to establish blood service commission, trauma centre — Health Minister appeared first on Premium Times Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from Premium Times Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Google wants to edit your photos before you've taken them Apps like Camera+, Instagram and Snapchat have made it fairly easy to turn decent mobile photos into something a bit more appealing to the eye, but they're a far cry...
Women are fantasizing about marrying horses Forget Tinder. My Horse Prince, a new dating simulator app from Japan, lets you digitally fall in love with a human-faced horse. The simulator released an English version on Dec....
Grow an all-out garden in your tiny apartment without soil, water or sun SproutsIO is a smart microgarden you can use to grow your own produce indoors and without soil! Think this easily maintained smart garden sounds perfect for your teeny-tiny downtown apartment?...
Google's new app kicks basic messaging to the curb Google wants to add a middleman to your mobile chats — a personal virtual assistant who's not shy about interjecting itself into the conversation. The new Allo app promises to...
Meet the hunk behind the Shazam of art Magnus Resch — a 31-year-old German-born economist and entrepreneur, who studied at Harvard and the London School of Economics — is ready to shake up the art world with his...
Adorable old lady can't handle Face Swap app Face Swap is a new app that's taking the internet by storm. When one family let their grandmother try it out for the first time, they freaked out at the...
The Taliban app lasted two days in Google Play Store The Taliban launched an app for Android smartphone users on Friday in a bid to spread its message digitally, but they didn't get far — it was removed two days...
'Yelp for people' app is back with safeguards for bullying Need some external validation? There's now another free app to promote your fabulous self on a social-media channel. First introduced (to much criticism) in October, Peeple — the so-called “Yelp...
The photo app boasting facial recognition power to beat them all Digging through your iPhone for old photos is about to get a lot easier. A New York-based startup launched a mobile app Wednesday, called Forevery, which claims breakthrough image-recognition technology...
WASHINGTON — One of the most senior leaders in the U.S. intelligence community said Wednesday that they did not wiretap Trump Tower.
Asked point-blank by their one-time boss, former CIA Director Michael Hayden, "Did you wiretap Trump Tower?" Sue Gordon, the principal deputy director of national intelligence said, "No, I did not."
Hayden smiled and said, "OK."
The exchange, which caused some audience members to gasp and others to laugh, appeared good-natured, and occurred at an annual intelligence conference at George Washington University. Hayden was director of the CIA from 2006 to 2009, serving as Gordon's boss during that time. Gordon left the CIA in 2015 after 25 years to become head of the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency, and assumed their current position a month ago.
Gordon was serving as moderator for a panel of four former CIA directors, Hayden, Porter Goss, William Webster and the most recent ex-director, John Brennan.
During the discussion, Brennan called on President Trump to accept the U.S. intelligence community's unanimous assessment that Russia interfered in the 2016 election, saying their lack of trust is hurting the American people's confidence in the intelligence community.
Trump has repeatedly disparaged reports of Russian interference as a hoax. On Sept. 22, they tweeted "The Russia hoax continues" after reports that Russians had bought Facebook ads to influence voters.
The Russia hoax continues, now it's ads on Facebook. What about the totally biased and dishonest Media coverage in favor of Crooked Hillary? — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 22, 2017
Brennan said the "trust and confidence from the American people in the intelligence community, intelligence professionals, would be stronger if the first customer of the intelligence community's work accepted unambiguously the unanimous position of the intelligence community in terms of Russian interference in the election."
"When that first customer denigrates that work and the work of the professionals in the intelligence community, how then can the American people embrace the work and the mission of the intelligence community?"
From left to right are moderator Susan Gordon, principal deputy director of national intelligence speaks to former CIA directors John Brennan and Michael Hayden during an intelligence conference at George Washington University on Oct. 4, 2017. Win McNamee / Getty Images
Brennan said that the disconnect "has undermined what the great women and men of the intelligence community" do and that if there was "greater acknowledgment of the professionalism and integrity" of them by the president, then the public might be more accepting of the importance and value of their work.
Gordon defended President Trump's relationship with the intelligence community, saying, "We're used to having our work questioned, that's the nature of intelligence."
Gordon also said the IC spends more time with this president than she's seen in previous administrations and there is healthy respect for the craft of the women and men who work in intelligence.
KINGSTON, Jamaica – Preliminary discussions regarding collaborative efforts between the Montego Bay Convention Centre and the Miami Beach Convention Center were held on Friday, February 10th.
The twinning of Negril, Westmoreland with the city of Miami Beach and targeting of tourism investment partnerships between Jamaica and Miami Beach business interests are among the outcomes of a meeting between Jamaica's Tourism Minister, Edmund Bartlett and Miami Beach Mayor, Philip Levine in the Miami Beach on Friday.
The partnerships come as Southwest Airlines announced daily nonstop flights between Fort Lauderdale and Montego Bay, Jamaica starting in June (2017) thereby adding thousands of new seats in and out of Jamaica and increasing connectivity to other US cities as Jamaica's tourism industry continues to grow.
Southwest Airlines is the world's largest low-cost carrier airline already with daily nonstop service into Montego Bay from Orlando Florida; Houston, Texas; Chicago, Illinois and Baltimore, Maryland.
A longtime friend of Bartlett, Mayor Levine noted the very strong affinity between Jamaica and Miami Beach and expressed confidence in the growing tourism industries for both destinations.
A widely respected Political and Business Leader, Levine made a fortune as a cruise-ship media magnate who spent their spare time hobnobbing with celebrities like Mick Jagger and Hillary and Bill Clinton – and was a member of former President Barack Obama's task force on Tourism.
Minister Bartlett was accompanied by President of the American Chamber of Commerce, Jamaica, Mr. Ron McKay and Senior Advisor, Delano Seiveright.
“With the Ministry of Tourism now recently owning and managing the loss ridden Montego Bay Convention Centre (MBCC), we have moved aggressively at building partnerships with leaders in the field to grow the lucrative meetings market locally. Already we have secured the Montego Bay Convention Centre to host the 2017 United Nations World Tourism Organization's (UNWTO) International Year of Sustainable Tourism for Development Conference a first for the region and the Western Hemisphere. A partnership with the Miami Beach Convention Centre which receives more than 600,000 visitors annually and is currently undergoing a major overhaul is expected to assist us in becoming a regional powerhouse for Conference and other events.”, Bartlett noted.
Additionally, Miami Beach with 7 miles of beaches, 3 Golf Courses, 20 Parks and a wide spread of Art and Culture, Dining, Nightlife and shopping offers an opportunity to exchange know how and contacts as Negril continues to develop, with no intention however of growing to the scale of Miami Beach.
The twinning of Negril and Miami Beach is expected to drive the exchange of technical knowledge including shoreline maintenance, interest and investment opportunities.
Seiveright in the meantime noted that, “Minister Bartlett and other officials are expected to return to Florida for the Seatrade Cruise Global Conference which has been the cruise industry's premier global event, bringing together buyers, suppliers, and cruise line executives for a week of networking, sourcing, innovation, and education. Bartlett is also expected to meet with representatives of the Miami Beaches Convention Centre on collaborative efforts with the Montego Bay Convention Centre.”
They arrived only a few months ago, but Nets forward DeMarre Carroll quickly has meshed with their new team.
The nine-year veteran is determined to reestablish themselves on the court while also embracing a leadership role.
For a Nets roster stacked with youth and yearning to improve on its bleak 20-62 record from last year, Carroll seems a perfect fit.
In July, the Nets traded big man Justin Hamilton to the Raptors for Carroll and a pair of draft picks.
Carroll, who signed a four-year, $60 million contract with Toronto in 2015, admits it did not work out with their former team. Over two seasons, they appeared in just 98 games because of injury and averaged 9.4 points and 4.1 rebounds — both declines from their preceding two years with the Hawks.
Carroll has proven their worth as an effective “3-and-D” player — someone who can spread the floor with their shooting and lock down on defense. They have helped franchises to 60-win seasons and long playoff runs.
A change of scenery is what the 31-year-old coveted, and they apparently landed in the right spot.
see also Why Nets decided against national anthem protest When the Nets open the preseason Tuesday night against the...
As Carroll explained Friday, reuniting with coach Kenny Atkinson — an assistant when Carroll was in Atlanta — has them feeling right at home in the new offense.
“It's crazy. It's like I left for two years and then came back,” Carroll said. “You know how you come back home after two years, and you know where everything is at? You know that you left this in that spot and that [in that spot]. That's how I feel.”
The comfort level and a clean bill of health give Carroll confidence they will bounce back.
“I think this can reestablish my career and help me start going the way I was going when I was with Atlanta,” they said. “This is the best I've felt in a while.”
They said sometimes in 2016-17 it was hard to cut backdoor or chase loose balls.
Through the first two preseason outings, Carroll has corralled 16 rebounds in just 44 minutes. That alone has provided assurance their health is where it needs to be for them to have a serious impact.
Yet when you ask them about their role on the Nets, they start somewhere else.
“Obviously I am a leader, first and foremost,” they said.
That quality — which may be the most valuable asset to a developing team — has caught Atkinson's eye.
“‘I'm going to lead by playing really hard and competing.' That's kind of their [style],” Atkinson said. “Not, ‘I'm going to lead by scoring 25 points,' or ‘I'm going to take all the possessions.' It's not that type of leadership. To me, it's the best type of leadership because it's authentic leadership. He's leading by example.”
Given they are a new face in the locker room, it's surprising how seamlessly Carroll has assumed that role. But as the second-oldest player on the roster (11 days younger than Timofey Mozgov), Carroll has a clear sense of what the responsibility entails.
“For me, it's easy,” they said. “It comes natural to me. I've been leading since I was a little kid. Hopefully, I can help some of these young guys turn up and be the next thing in the NBA.”
It's no longer either early to begin making projections for next year's college basketball season. Wednesday night was the deadline for players to either keep their name eligible for the June 21 NBA draft and sign with an agent or return to school. There were some surprises, and a few questionable decisions.
These are some of the biggest winners and losers from the testing-waters portion of the draft process:
Winners
Syracuse: Burned by players leaving early in the past, Syracuse seemed destined to lose another star. Most felt shooting guard Tyus Battle was headed to the NBA despite being projected as a mid-second-round pick. But the Edison, N.J., native is coming back for one more year, fortifying a solid roster that will return all five starters now and adds top New Jersey recruit Jalen Carey.
St. John's: Go ahead, Red Storm fans. You can dream about an NCAA Tournament bid now that Big East leading scorer Shamorie Ponds is back after working out for six NBA teams. The 6-foot-1 southpaw was one of just two players to be selected to all-league Big East teams who had eligibility left and came back. More good news could be on the way, too, as Auburn transfer Mustapha Heron will be in Queens on a visit Thursday, and there is a chance the rugged 6-5 wing could be eligible if granted a hardship waiver.
Nevada: Twin brothers Cody and Caleb Martin returning to Nevada give the Wolfpack a preseason top 10 team, and a legitimate Final Four contender. The multi-talented forwards waited until 30 minutes before the midnight deadline to decide, but coach Eric Musselman will take it, because they will have an even better team next year than the one that reached the Sweet 16, since they also add a number of intriguing transfers, brings back physical forward Jordan Caroline, and McDonald's All-American Jordan Brown.
Kentucky: John Calipari won't have to rely solely on freshmen next year. Gifted 6-foot-7 forward PJ Washington is back, deciding on Wednesday and anchoring what should be a deep and formidable front line that also includes returnee Nick Richards, and possibly Stanford star forward Reid Travis, a graduate transfer already being linked to the Wildcats who averaged 19.5 points and 8.7 rebounds a year ago. Kentucky did lose sophomore wing Wenyen Gabriel and first-year student forward Jarred Vanderbilt to the professional ranks on Wednesday, but adds it's usual array of five-star freshmen.
Auburn: Losing Mustapha Heron, an All-SEC second-team selection hurts, but Bruce Pearl still batted .750, as guards Bryce Brown and Jared Harper, along with forward Austin Wiley, opted to pass on the pros, giving the Tigers a solid shot to finish atop the SEC for the second straight year.
Losers
Villanova: The national champion's top four scorers are gone. Jalen Brunson and Mikal Bridges were not expected back, but there was hope Final Four Most OUtstanding Player Donte DiVincenzo and sharpshooting forward Omari Spellman could return before both boosted their stock at the NBA combine. It will leave coach Jay Wright in uncharted waters, relying on inexperienced players, in particular five-star point guard Jahvon Quinerly of New Jersey's Hudson Catholic, in pivotal roles.
Maryland: Yes, forward Bruno Fernando opted to return on Tuesday, a positive development. But losing skilled wing Kevin Huerter is more damaging than encouraging. The 6-7 Huerter was the team's top 3-point shooter at 41.7 percent, one of the Terrapins' premier playmakers and a quality rebounder. However, it wasn't a surprise, considering the Clifton Park native had moved themselves up draft boards, into a likely first-round pick after a stellar performance at the combine. Plus, forward Justin Jackson signed with an agent despite appearing in just 11 games because of a torn labrum in their right shoulder.
Texas A&M: Projected first-round pick Robert Williams leaving was a given. But the departures of forwards DJ Hogg and Tyler Davis, neither of whom is a lock to even get drafted, are major blows to this Sweet 16 team. The Aggies could tumble down the loaded SEC.
Danica Patrick cries during a Nov. 17 news conference at Homestead-Miami Speedway as they announce their retirement from full-time racing. Patrick said then they planned to run in next year's Daytona 500 and Indianapolis 500. Darryl Graham AP
A JURY has been told that blood belonging to a dead man was found throughout a house in Castletroy and there was evidence that a clean-up had taken place.
Monika Matracka, aged 35, with an address at The Pines, Briarfield has pleaded not guilty to murdering their housemate and former partner Michal Rejmer (38) at that address sometime between 8pm on December 30 and midnight on December 31, 2015.
In their evidence, Garda Melissa Lyons of the fingerprint section of the Garda Technical Bureau said they attended the house following the discovery of Michal Rejmer's body on January 8, 2016.
They said they assisted with removing black plastic wrapping from the body on January 9 as well as a smaller piece of black plastic which was located on the deceased's chest.
The court heard they then chemically treated these items for fingerprints, as well as treating cleaning products located under the kitchen sink. However, no fingerprints were developed.
The witness agreed with Mr Mark Nicholas SC, that the plastic in the garden was weathered so this could compromise the attaining of fingerprints.
Another member of the Garda Technical Bureau – Detective Garda Brian Barry – said they conducted an examination of the scene and noted a body covered in black plastic and a blood-stained duvet cover.
They also noted blood-staining on the wall of the fifth step of the stairs in the house.
The jury was told that up to 25 swabs from areas in the house were taken as locations for potential blood-staining. These included a radiator in the deceased's bedroom, a banister at the top of the stairs, a timber post at the bottom of the stairs, a small table at the end of the stairs, a mirror at the bottom of the stairs, inside the front door of the house, the ceiling in the hallway and a bicycle in the kitchen.
Forensic scientist, Dr Hilary Clarke, told court that they attended The Pines on January 10 to see where blood-staining was present.
They said they observed “discreet blood-staining” in the deceased's bedroom as well as the hallway and the kitchen.
The witness testified that the DNA profile from one area of blood-staining on the wall of the stairs matched Ms Matracka and the DNA profiles from all the other blood samples around the house including the bedroom, the stair banister, the hallway and the kitchen matched that of Mr Rejmer.
Dr Clarke said that the probability of the DNA profiles coming from someone other than Ms Matracka and Mr Rejmer was considerably less than one in a thousand million.
The witness said the blood-staining pattern in Mr Rejmer's bedroom and on the banister indicated that Mr Rejmer had been bleeding upstairs and they had travelled downstairs to the hallway and kitchen where they had continued bleeding.
Dr Clarke said there was evidence that a clean-up of blood-staining had taken place in the house which included scratch-marks from metal cleaning pads on various surfaces in the house.
The witness said they were tasked with examining a knife. The handle was missing as it had been melted and the blade was covered in soot, they said.
“There was no blood on the blade and any chemical test for the presence of blood was negative. No DNA profile was obtained from the blade of the knife,” they said.
They added that there were no obvious drag marks anywhere in the house.
The trial continues before Mr Justice Paul Butler and a jury of six men and six women.
Apple Watch Series 3 is under pressure to recapture a larger share of the wearables market after Apple was overtaken by Xiaomi and Fitbit last quarter. Despite wearables shipments increasing 8 percent year-over-year in the second quarter of 2017, Apple fell to third place, shifting just 2.7 million units. Figures published by Canalys reveal that []
(via Cult of Mac - Tech and culture through an Apple lens)
At the center of Charlottesville's violent white nationalist rally was a long-simmering controversy over the removal of a statue of Confederate General Robert E. Lee.
Controversies over Confederate symbols have been brewing around the country — most notably in South Carolina, where the Confederate flag was lowered from the state house grounds two years ago, and New Orleans, where statues came down earlier this year.
But in Charlottesville, the movement to remove a Lee statue and the backlash that followed have become particularly intense thanks to an ongoing court battle and questions over whether the city council has the authority to remove it.
Now, the planned removal of the statue became a rallying cause for the alt-right — and symbol of growing discontent.
One hundred years ago, in 1917, the 26-foot-high statue was commissioned by a philanthropist and given to the city along with the surrounding land in honor of their parents. The statue took seven years and three sculptors (the first one died) to complete. According to the city of Charlottesville's website, the statue was unveiled in 1924 by 100 cadets from the Virginia Military Institute who "paraded through the center of Charlottesville decorated with Confederate colors." The new statue was also reportedly greeted with loud cheers and a speech by then-president of "the University of Virginia Edwin Alderman and followed by parties and balls.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1997. The registration form from the Department of the Interior states that the sculpture "remains undisturbed in its original location. Charlottesville will undoubtedly keep it there, for the monument is a unique to the most eminent Confederate hero of all and an outstanding example of the outdoor sculpture of the late City Beautiful movement."
It is now doubtful — though still possible — that Charlottesville will "keep it there." In February, the city council voted 3-2 to sell the statue, ignoring the recommendation of a commission that suggested moving it.
A group called Virginia's Sons of Confederate Veterans sued the city, alleging it did not have the right to remove the statute since it was a war memorial. A related group, and others, filed a lawsuit in New Orleans to block the removal of a Gen. Lee statue as well as one of Jefferson Davis. A federal appeals court said that city could remove its Confederate monuments.
City Councilor Bob Fenwick, who cast a tie-breaking vote in Charlottesville in April (that vote allowed the city to sell the statue), hoped the city council's action would put to bed more than a year of heated debate in their city. "For now, it is now time for our city to rest," they said, according to the Richmond Times-Dispatch.
But that didn't happen. The movement against removal of the statue grew — there is a Facebook group to Save the Robert E. Lee Statue and call for donations to "fund litigation to preserve our monuments." The backlash to the planned removal culminated in a white nationalist rally last weekend, which used the planned removal as a rallying cause. It is important to note, however, that the group behind hte lawsuit, SVC, condemned the Charlottesville rallies. Chaplain-in-chief Ray Parker wrote on Facebook over the weekend: "I condemn in the strongest possible way the actions, words, and beliefs of the KKK and other white supremacist groups."
The statue has also been tagged with graffiti several times in the past few years, including with "black lives matter" and "native land."
In May, a judge granted a temporary injunction, which meant the statue could not be removed for next six months. So, for now, the statue is still standing in what used to be Lee Park. Only the city council also voted earlier this year to rename the park, an action that was upheld by a judge. Gen. Lee now, rather ironically, sits in Emancipation Park.
Janet M. Brown, President and CEO of FundX Investment Group, Details Them Professional Portfolio Strategy
Janet M. Brown is President and CEO of FundX Investment Group. Ms. Brown has been part of the mutual fund evolution since 1978, researching and developing effective investment strategies for clients. A frequent guest on national media, Ms. Brown's expertise is widely recognized.  They are a board member of several nonprofits and foundations and a longtime advocate for sustainable responsible investing — SRI.
They detail their portfolio strategy in this detailed interview with the Wall Street Transcript.
“Years ago, the conventional wisdom was you should put 20% in international, 20% in small cap and ride it out in the hope that it will all work out in the end. But our research and actual history show that we are better off being in the international funds while they perform well and being out of them when they are not performing well. A leadership trend may emerge, and it may fail, but a system like ours has an automatic defense built in, so you're never going to stay too long in any area that failed. You should be looking at rankings every month and making continual adjustments to capture the larger trends.”
One of their several expert portfolio structures is the SRI.
“I love to talk about our Sustainable Impact Fund. A small handful of socially responsible funds go back a few decades. But this is now the fastest-growing area of the mutual fund business. We use self-identified SRI — now called sustainable and impact, or ESG — funds and ETFs, and supplement with funds that don't self-identify as sustainable or ESG but have high ESG — environmental, social, governance — scores. We apply our same Upgrading strategy to that selected universe of sustainable funds and high-ESG-score funds.”
“I've been investing client accounts in the universe of SRI funds for over 20 years, and now we can also look at that additional universe of high-ESG-scoring funds, reviewing each fund's scores in specific environmental, social and government areas.”
To get a full interview, read it at the Wall Street Transcript.
Video
Sean Kelleher, the man responsible for overseeing customs enforcement on the Irish border for eight years, has warned the Irish Revenue and Customs service is not adequately resourced to deal with a hard Brexit.
Mr Kelleher monitored the 310-mile frontier from Carlingford Lough in the east to Lough Foyle in the west.
BBC News NI spent a day with them to discuss their concerns.
Follow our new live blog as we keep you updated with all the latest news, views, transfers, rumours and much more from across the Premier League.
We will also bring you the latest news from the World Cup in Russia.
Refresh the page to get the latest updates!
Video
CCTV from a newsagent captures the moment a bus collided with 24 other vehicles in Dartford.
The incident, in Hythe Street, left 16 people injured, although none seriously.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of careless driving.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
(Mark Makela/Pool Photo via AP). Bill Cosby enters the courtroom during their sexual assault trial at the Montgomery County Courthouse in Norristown, Pa., Wednesday, June 14, 2017.
(Mark Makela/Pool Photo via AP). Bill Cosby exits the courtroom during their sexual assault trial at the Montgomery County Courthouse in Norristown, Pa., Wednesday, June 14, 2017.
(Mark Makela/Pool Photo via AP). Bill Cosby walks through the Montgomery County Courthouse during jury deliberations in their sexual assault trial in Norristown, Pa., Wednesday, June 14, 2017.
(AP Photo/Matt Slocum). Bill Cosby leaves the Montgomery County Courthouse during their sexual assault trial, Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in Norristown, Pa.
(AP Photo/Matt Slocum). Bill Cosby leaves the Montgomery County Courthouse during their sexual assault trial, Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in Norristown, Pa.
By MARYCLAIRE DALE and MICHAEL R. SISAKAssociated Press
NORRISTOWN, Pa. (AP) - As deliberations in Bill Cosby's sexual assault trial continue into a fourth day Thursday, nerves are frayed, patience is shot and no one is certain when it will all end.
Some jurors appeared angry, the judge sounded exasperated and accuser Andrea Constand's mother broke down in tears Wednesday.
The sequestered jury has been at it for more than 27 hours since getting the case Monday, pausing a half-dozen times to revisit key evidence, including Cosby's decade-old admissions that they fondled Constand after giving them pills.
Judge Steven O'Neill seemed vexed at times as the court staff struggled to answer the jury's requests. One batch of requested testimony hadn't even been transcribed yet.
But when jurors asked to stop for the day Wednesday night, O'Neill was effusive with praise - encouraging their diligence as they weigh charges that could put the 79-year-old Cosby in prison for the rest of their life.
"This is an incredible jury that has just acted with incredible dignity and fidelity," O'Neill said. "I don't have any higher praise. You have taken your task so seriously."
Cosby is charged with three counts of aggravated indecent assault. Each carries a maximum 10-year prison term, though the counts could be merged at sentencing if they are convicted.
The case has already helped demolish their nice-guy reputation as America's Dad.
Cosby has wavered between stoic and smiling as they await their fate, but gave a brief thumbs-up as jurors listened to a court reporter reread their January 2005 police interview.
In it, they claimed Constand showed no ill effects from the 1 1/2 Benadryl pills they gave them to help them relax, and that they never objected to their behavior during the 2004 encounter at their suburban Philadelphia home.
Constand testified last week that they were paralyzed by the pills and unable to fight Cosby off. Them mother, Gianna Constand, pulled a cloth from their pocket to wipe away tears Wednesday as they listened to the testimony.
Cosby's lawyers maintain Constand was a willing sexual partner.
Some jurors closed their eyes and tilted their heads down as they listened to the police interview. One slunk down in their seat, looking angry.
"Can you find 12 people who will agree? That's the question," said criminal lawyer Alan J. Tauber, who wasn't involved in the case.
The Associated Press does not typically identify people who say they are victims of sexual assault unless they grant permission, which Constand has done.
___
For more on Cosby, including trial updates, historical photos, videos and an audio series exploring the case, visit http://www.apnews.com/tag/CosbyonTrial.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
CRP Automotive has introduced new applications within its Rein Automotive Cooling System Program. The new program provides shops and technicians a full assortment of cooling system replacement parts, featuring coolant hoses, water pumps and kits, expansion tanks, thermostats and thermostat assemblies, reservoir caps and sensor kits for popular and high replacement European vehicle applications.
Rein Automotive coolant hoses are designed as direct replacement for OE hoses and hose assemblies and feature the same configurations and fittings as OE. Hose kits with a pre-installed OE temperature sensor also are offered.
A new addition to the Rein Automotive brand is a program of European application water pumps and kits. Partnering with Dolz, a Spanish water pump manufacturer, these water pumps use only the highest-quality components, says the company. Bearings match the OE design as well as materials for minimal thermal expansion and low noise performance. The internal seals are silicon carbide used for high-pressure resistance. OE-quality gaskets are used to prevent leakage after installation. Several water pumps and water pump kits are offered and backed with a 4-year/50,000-mile warranty.
Rein Automotive Coolant Expansion Tanks and Caps are designed to deliver reliable performance under thousands of heat cycles and contain no regrind plastic. They are made from 100 percent virgin plastic to ensure a long service life. Some are available as kits that include the tank, coolant level sensor and cap.
A range of Rein Automotive thermostats and thermostat assemblies support the water pump offering and match the temperature rating of the OE to keep vehicles running at optimum performance.
Rein Automotive sensors for temperature and fluid level include many genuine OE parts. The company says they are easy to install, as the sensor kits come with the gasket and retaining clip to ensure a complete job.
GoPro Inc. has sputtered as a public company—especially in the past two years—but the company still has supporters who believe success could be right around the corner.
“Despite the negative cloud, we see GoPro as closer than ever to achieving its ultimate vision since IPO: to be a maker of high-quality capture products, with an accompanying app software that both maximizes hardware potential and simplifies the content creation process,” Oppenheimer analyst Andrew Uerkwitz wrote in a note Friday, after the company delivered weaker-than-expected results for its holiday quarter.
GoPro GPRO, +0.91% detailed its third consecutive disappointing holiday season in an earnings report Thursday, blaming a poor decision on pricing for its new camera after previously announcing layoffs, price cuts and its exit from the drone business. GoPro warned Thursday that the immediate future could still be rocky, but investors weren't scared away. Shares managed a 0.9% gain even as the Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, -2.54% suffered its worst points decline since 2008 and the Nasdaq Composite Index COMP, -1.96% fell 2%.
Though GoPro reported a 30-cent adjusted loss per share, Uerkwitz believes the company can become profitable again through better Fusion products and smart editing software, something that's a goal of management as well.
“It will take some time for GoPro to get there, but it is ahead of competitors,” Uerkwitz added.
Still, their belief in GoPro only goes so far. Uerkwitz has a perform rating on shares and wrote that they remain sidelined “until we get a bit closer” to realizing the grand vision.
Others are less sure, including J.P. Morgan's Paul Coster, who cut their rating on the stock to neutral from overweight, citing a “tough road back to profitability” amid “limited catalysts.” He's glad the company is cutting operating expenses, but they still worry about the product pipeline.
Management outlined several goals for the year ahead during its earnings conference call, including to better understand the kinds of products its customer base desires, make software offerings work more seamlessly, expand the subscription business, and launch a range of products across price points. Chief Executive Nick Woodman promised “multiple new cameras” this year designed to appeal to loyal customers as well as newcomers.
Coster, however, thinks that meaningfully improving the user experience on GoPro isn't an easy task.“GoPro's brand, channel and category-dominance remain compelling building blocks for a recovery someday, but the company hasn't made the ease-of use breakthrough that will spur growth, and we sense that the 2H18 product cycle will deliver only incremental improvement in the experience,” Coster added. They have an $8 target on shares, down from $9 previously.
Opinion: It's time for GoPro CEO Nick Woodman to go
Morgan Stanley's Yuuji Anderson also thinks that management might be too optimistic. “Channel execution in the near-term followed by marked improvements in camera usability are necessary to becoming more constructive on the stock,” Anderson wrote, adding that they think management's demand projections for the year ahead “will be difficult to sustain.”
Anderson has a $5 price target on the stock and an underweight rating. He's previously commented that they don't think GoPro would hold much value to a potential acquirer.
While some analysts still believe GoPro can turn around the business, none suggest the stock as an investment after Coster's Friday downgrade: Of 12 analysts with ratings on the stock, nine consider it a hold and three rate shares the equivalent of sell. GoPro shares are down 50% this year, while the S&P 500 index SPX, -2.12% is up 23%.
1:35 Mattingly talks about José Fernandez at spring training Pause
1:56 The man accused of killing a woman and their daughter made the 911 call
0:58 Wade on Riley: 'I have nothing to squash, I'm thankful for what we were able to build here'
0:35 Dwyane Wade gets thunderous applause when taking the court against the Miami Heat
0:54 Cubans executed by Castro regime on display in the European Parliament
2:23 Konpa champ Gazzman Couleur and dISIP play Hollywood Live
1:08 Dolphins Wake: I've been an underdog since day one
1:09 Adam Gase reflects on Dolphins' loss to Steelers
2:40 Miami Dolphins draft pick Laremy Tunsil addresses media after allergic reaction
A central Ohio lawmaker is seeking a ban on fracking in certain parts of the state. The proposal comes as a commission that regulates this types of drilling prepares for its first meeting.
Fracking in Ohio
Democratic Rep. David Leland wants to prevent oil and gas companies from drilling in public parks and nature preserves.
Leland says they understand the economic value of fracking for natural gas in Ohio, but “we've got to have little spots of land in the state of Ohio that don't have to be subjected to fracking. We can run an economy, we can get our energy needs in the state of Ohio and still preserve the state parks and nature preserves for people to use not only now but in the future," Leland says.
The practice of horizontal drilling and hydraulic fracturing, or fracking, on public lands must be approved by the Ohio Oil and Gas Commission. For years Gov. John Kasich didn't appoint members to the commission, but last year's budget fight with fellow Republicans -- many of whom favor fracking -- forced their hand.
Many strategists are making Europe sound great again as they dish out their 2018 picks.
It helps that valuations for the region's stocks still aren't that stretched. Another plus: The Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development expects the euro zone's gross domestic product to grow by 2.1% next year, down from this year's 2.4% rise.
As Russell Investments strategists write in a note, “Reflation, combined with the refutation of populist movements in the region, have laid the foundation for a self-sustaining recovery that could last for years to come.” The bulls from Russell describe valuations for Europe's stocks as “neutral” and fundamentals as “strong,” adding that they “continue to favor euro-zone financial markets over U.S. markets in particular.”
Is there a European sector that might make for a particularly good bet in 2018? Transportation stocks are worth considering. The MSCI index that tracks shares of toll-road operators, shipping companies, airlines, and other transportation outfits has outperformed the broad market this year, with an advance that has topped 31%, note Deutsche Bank analysts. They expect more gains in 2018, thanks to another pickup in volume for these businesses.
“The macroeconomic outook looks robust in 2018 with our DB economists forecasting real global GDP growth of 3.8%,” write the bank's Andy Chu and their colleagues in a note. “Volume growth across the sector is typically a multiplier of one to 1.5 times GDP, which suggests that market-volume growth should be around mid-single digits.” The bank's top picks in the sector include Deutsche Post DPW, +0.01% , which runs global shipping heavyweight DHL and Germany's postal service, and Vinci DG, -0.84% , with toll-road and construction units. The former is a GARP stock, that is, one that delivers growth at a reasonable price, say the analysts.
“We think that the company can deliver mid-single-digit organic revenue growth medium term, supported by structural e-commerce growth,” they write. Deutsche Post is “cheap,” with a dividend yield around 3%; they have a Buy rating on it and a price target of 45 euros ($53), about 13% above the recent €40. The stock, which is up 28% this year, trades around 16 times forward-year earnings, below FedEx's FDX, +0.81% multiple of 17 and United Parcel Service's UPS, -0.14% 18.
More from Barron's: This iPhone X supplier's stock has a charge left even after tripling this year
And see: What could keep Ryanair from soaring higher — its ambitions
Deutsche Post's valuation is “stuck in the past and not where it should be,” assert RBC analysts, who have an Outperform rating on the shares and a price target of €44. They add that 64% of revenue will come from DHL and other nonpostal units by 2025, and that the fading effect of more-traditional businesses argues for a higher multiple.
An attractive feature of Vinci is that the stock looks like half a growth play, half a steady Eddie. About 50% of its value is “underpinned by very resilient and predictable mature toll roads in France,” the DB analysts say. The company is also a bet on growth, thanks to its construction unit's “more cyclical contracting activities,” they add, giving the shares a Buy rating and price target of €94. That target implies a modest rally of about 7%.
Raymond James analysts see bigger upside. They say that Vinci ought to build on this year's gain of about 36% because its share price doesn't yet reflect its “unique mix of defensive qualities; good growth potential; and notably, its capacity to create value through acquisitions.” They rate the stock Outperform, with a €100 price target.
Deutsche Bank's two other top picks in transportation are International Consolidated Airlines Group IAG, -0.63% and rival Deutsche Lufthansa LHA, -1.19% , both of which have landed bullish mentions in this column this year (“British Airways' Meltdown: Time to Buy IAG?” June 2, and “Deutsche Lufthansa Has More Room to Climb,” Oct. 21).
Don't miss: This green-energy stock is getting whacked by tax-reform fears — here's how to play it
It's not all rosy. Deutsche Bank suggests one stock to sell. Royal Mail's RMG, +0.34% management is performing well in the early phases of a modernization effort, they say, but the postal and delivery company nonetheless faces a difficult year. Chu and their colleagues put a price target of 359 pence ($4.79) on the shares, implying a drop of about 16%, which would add to this year's fall of 7%.
“We think it will be more difficult for Royal Mail to modernize and take costs out of the business in an environment where GDP growth is weak,” they say, referring to a United Kingdom economy that the OECD expects to expand by just 1.2% next year. Other challenges include uncertainty over business confidence as Brexit talks continue, as well as ongoing mediation with unions over pay and pensions. Royal Mail's leaders are “doing a fine job,” but “postal and parcels network businesses are highly complex and take many years to reconfigure and fully modernize,” they conclude.
This article first appeared at Barrons.com on Dec. 9, 2017.
Image copyright Conwy Council Image caption The pier partially collapsed into the sea in February and was further damaged by Storm Doris
A Grade II-listed pier can be demolished after the Welsh Government gave its approval.
Conwy council approved plans to dismantle the 116-year-old Victoria Pier in Colwyn Bay in July.
But in order for it to go ahead, the plans needed listed building consent from the Welsh Government, which the council received on Friday.
A section of the pier collapsed into the sea in February and a fire broke out on it in March.
The council now wants to dismantle it and redevelop it into a shorter one.
The authority said it would store elements of historical or structural value in a safe place to potentially re-use in a future restoration.
Council chairperson Brian Cossey said: "Over recent years the council has been quite clear about the deteriorating state of the pier and the significant risk it posed to public health and safety. Today's decision means that we can now take action."
The council is looking for contractors to carry out the demolition and a report will be presented in mid-November when the contract could be awarded.
Image copyright NHK Image caption Decorative manhole covers attract the attention of "drainspotters"
A city in central Japan recently held a lottery for decorative manhole covers after a sale offer became twenty-times oversubscribed.
Maebashi, which is 77 miles (124 km) north of Tokyo, put ten second-hand manhole covers on the market for 3,000 yen ($27; £20) with three different designs, and was surprised to receive over 200 applications to buy them, broadcaster NHK reports.
According to TV Asahi, the winners may have grabbed a bargain, given that new covers cost some 60,000 yen each, but some of the lucky collectors have still yet to decide what to do with them.
One buyer, who took the day off work to drive up from Tokyo to collect their 40 kg (88 lb) purchase, shares the dilemma of many people who make off-the-wall purchases: where to keep it now that he's got it. "I'll put it in my porch, then I'll think about what to do with it," they told NHK.
However, they hint that there may be a touch of buyer's regret, and a drain cover may not be entirely welcome at home. TV Asahi caught up with them in their cramped Tokyo porch, where they told the broadcaster: "I'm in trouble. This is the last time."
Image copyright TV Asahi Image caption The covers weigh 40kg each and (possibly) have a number of uses around the home
Drainspotters
Japanese manhole covers attract the attention of collectors from all over the country due to their decorative designs. Last year a company released a set of drain cover collectors' cards, complete with coordinates so that "drainspotters" could pay their favourites a visit.
It's not a specifically Japanese interest, either. UK Labour Party leader Jeremy Corbyn lists "the history and design of manhole covers" among their hobbies.
Meanwhile, attempts to sell off other "collectable" ephemera have not been quite so successful. A rail operator's attempt to create a market in used metro car hanging straps ended with 500 of the items selling for only 200 yen ($1.75; £1.35) each.
Image copyright GKP Image caption Gotta catch 'em all: Collectable cards for drainspotters
Reporting by Alistair Coleman, David Keeler
Next story: Faroe Islands launch live translation service
Use #NewsfromElsewhere to stay up-to-date with our reports via Twitter.
Video
The Scottish government's new initiative to save babies' lives.
This video has been optimised for mobile viewing on the BBC News app. The BBC News app is available from the Apple App Store for iPhone and Google Play Store for Android.
We have officially arrived at a new realm, those of us who watch sports, those of us who care about sports, those of us who have chosen to invest such a large portion of our souls in the games people play: Anything is possible now.
Say it again:
Anything is possible.
We always believed that, sure, or at least we wanted to in the worst way. The eternal dreamer inside us that makes us sports fans in the first place always insisted: Of course, the Chicago Cubs will win a World Series — if not in your lifetime, in someone's lifetime.
The Mets once fell behind the Braves three games to none in the 1999 NLCS, and when it was inevitably pointed out to Bobby Valentine, the team's manager, that no team in baseball history had ever recovered after spotting a foe an 0-3 lead, they shrugged and said, “Someday, somebody will.”
Now, they might have looked smarter — and Bobby Vee always liked to be the smartest guy in whichever room was lucky to host them — if he'd added, “In fact, it will happen in exactly five years and five days,” but that wasn't necessary. They believed.
Because all of us want to believe. Because all of us watch these games at least in part because there is always the distinct possibility that we will see something that we've never seen before: a perfect game, perhaps, or Michael Jordan dropping 55 points — forevermore known as “double-nickel” — vs. the Knicks at the Garden only a few weeks after giving up their baseball dreams. Somebody shoots 59 on the final day of the Masters.
It doesn't matter if it does happen.
It could happen. And that's enough to keep us coming back.
And so there was something a little extra meaningful attached to one of the great sporting truths that had been revisited each March for the last 33 years, and was still very much in play as the great crush of NCAA Tournament games careened toward the witching hour Friday.
The last game on the docket in Charlotte, NC, was Virginia — not just a No. 1 in the South Region, but the overall top in the tournament — facing the University of Maryland, Baltimore County, a 16. Maybe you were watching that. Maybe you were on another game. Maybe you were watching a “Law & Order” rerun. One way or another — text message from a friend, exhilarated tweet, maybe the slow crawl at the bottom of the TV, you were suddenly made aware of something.
The Cavaliers and the Retrievers were tied. At the half.
Was that a typo?
Not a typo. And suddenly, you could hear half of America changing television channels.
Since the NCAA expended to 64 teams in 1985, sparking a four-region bracket system that seeded teams in each division from 1 to 16, top-seeded teams had faced 16s 135 times.
They were 135-0.
Most of those games weren't especially close, but the ones that were made an instant connection with fans of the tournament — where unless you happen to be an alum of a contending team, the things that matter most are A) your bracket pools and B) watching schools you've never heard of scare the bejeezus out of schools you've heard about too much.
Still, those “One Shining Moments” generally involve 12s beating a 5 (which always happens) or a 15 beating a 2 (which happens rarely, but enough to keep you watching if the score stays close for 35 minutes) or even the odd 9 taking out a 1 in the second round.
The 16? The very first year, '85, Fairleigh Dickinson, based in Teaneck, NJ, nearly bushwhacked top-seeded Michigan before falling 59-55 — but at the moment it happened, 16s had been exactly 0-0 against 1s. Nobody knew what they were seeing. There was no stigma. There was no gaudy number on one side of the hyphen.
Four years later, though, the 64-team format had become a part of our very sporting fabric. Everyone knew enough that when Princeton had Georgetown pressed against the abyss on the tournament's second day at the Providence Civic Center, it was a big deal. Georgetown escaped, 50-49, but in that moment, the four 1-vs.-16 games contested every year took on a shiver of mythology.
Well, it'll happen someday …
Surely someone will do this some year …
It's sports; of COURSE this will happen eventually …
Georgetown's escape made it 20-0, all-time, for the 1s against the 16s, and the 1s were just getting started.
“You have to believe you have a shot,” James Green, the coach of Mississippi Valley State, said the day before their 16th-seeded Mississippi Valley State Delta Devils took on top-seeded UCLA in 2007, doing their best to bring some old-school Bobby Vee optimism into the room. A day later, it was UCLA 70, Mississippi Valley 29.
“I didn't say we'd win,” Green said. “I said we believed. And we did.”
Except some had actually reached the point where they could say, with certainty, that after 33 years and 135 opportunities, maybe belief wouldn't be enough to carry the day this time.
Once Virginia escaped, it would be 136-0, and the record would be tucked away for 52 weeks, and …
Only Virginia didn't escape.
Virginia got its doors blown off in the second half, in fact; UMBC won, 74-54, and it inspired the Baltimore Sun to compose a headline that even The Post's own back-page craftsmen would surely have stood and applauded:
U
May
Be
Cinderella.
Alas, the Retrievers' run came to an end in the very next round, as they fell Sunday to No. 9 Kansas State, 50-43.
Still, right now, today, if you are a sports fan, you truly do have to believe it: Anything really is possible.
See, we always knew sports would supply upsets. We've seen them.
The Jets in Super Bowl III was an all-timer. So were the Giants in Super Bowl XLII, the Miracle Mets of '69, Villanova and NC State's run through the NCAAs in the '80s. And many, many others.
We always knew sports could up the ante every once in a while and turn mere upsets into something else, too.
Few moments will ever compare with the night of Feb. 22, 1980, when, at the peak of the Cold War, a bunch of American college kids really did beat the Soviet hockey team in Lake Placid.
Eleven days shy of 10 years later, a no-name ham-and-egg boxer named Buster Douglas walked into a ring at the Tokyo Dome against Mike Tyson and walked out the heavyweight champion of the world, after punching the Baddest Man on the Planet through the ropes.
And then there is the place that exists even higher, where assumptions go to either die or live forever.
It was where we would've put the No. 1s' 136-0 record Saturday morning, had Virginia survived Friday night. It was there when Bobby Valentine's quiet faith was tested long before they lent voice to it. No team, after all, had ever even rallied from 0-3 down to force a Game 7 before.
Then, in 2004, the Red Sox, of all teams, did that, and not only did they do that, and not only did they win the World Series, ending an 86-year drought, and not only have they added two titles since, but they seemed to open the door for a river of other franchises presumed poxed forever: the White Sox, the Cubs, the Astros, the Saints, the Cavaliers.
We are beyond the age of assumption, you see. Not a bad thing. Always remember why Felix Unger (who lived for so many years with a sports columnist, remember, so some wisdom had to run off) warned you should never “ASSUME.”
(Kids, feel free to YouTube that.)
With the May, 2018 deadline fast approaching, businesses in Houston, TX that store, process, and/or transmit personal data for EU data subjects must become GDPR compliant. FLANK can help.
Houston, TX (PRUnderground) April 24th, 2018
FLANK, North America's leading provider of GDPR compliance consulting services, is offering comprehensive services and solutions for Houston, TX businesses seeking much-needed assistance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). With the May, 2018 deadline fast approaching, businesses in Houston, TX that store, process, and/or transmit personal data for EU data subjects must become GDPR compliant. FLANK can help.
How?
By offering a world-class GDPR All-in-One Global Compliance Toolkit that's available for instant download at flank.org. The toolkit contains all the essential documents that U.S. businesses need for becoming GDPR compliant. Heavy fines and penalties could be levied against U.S. businesses for non-GDPR compliance, so talk to the experts today at flank.org.
As for FLANK's GDPR All-in-One Global Compliance Toolkit, it comes complete with hundreds of pages of professionally developed, well-written, and easy-to-use and implement policies, forms, checklists, and so much more. Visit flank.org to learn more about the GDPR All-in-One Global Compliance Toolkit.
About Us
We're global experts when it comes to security, governance, and compliance solutions, there's no debating that, and we can help you implement efficient and scalable solutions for your growing business. Security can be difficult, compliance can be challenging, and governance can be costly – we more than understand these issues – and it's why you should be talking to Flank, the organization that helps you in “protecting your perimeter”.
We're Flank. “to defend or guard at the flank”.
About FLANK
Compliance can be incredibly difficult, challenging and taxing – we more than understand – and It's why businesses around the world turn to FLANK for helping with a myriad of regulatory issues, ranging from comprehensive information security policies and procedures writing to security awareness training, and so much more. Don't trust your critical compliance needs to just anybody, work with the global experts who've gained a reputation as hard-working, intelligent, and extremely knowledgeable professionals that are truly second to none.
Adam “Pacman” Jones transferred their rage from the cops to a reporter Monday during their first media appearance since they were arrested in January for allegedly assaulting multiple people, including head-butting a police officer.
The troubled Bengals cornerback, who has held on to their job in the NFL despite many run-ins with the law, spoke to reporters in front of their locker after the first day of voluntary offseason workouts and became uncontrollably angry when one reporter asked if Jones had anything to prove to Cincinnati fans. Jones had tried to lay down rules at the start of the interview, warning media not to ask any questions “about court,” according to the Dayton Daily News.
“Didn't I just tell you don't ask me that?” Jones lashed out in reply to the reporter's question about making it up to fans who might feel betrayed by their offseason behavior. “You out the [interview]. Turn around. Go back that way. See you. Next question. That's their last interview for the year.”
The reporter followed their orders and left the scene, but Jones pursued them once the interview was over, berating them on their way to the restroom for asking “stupid a– f–king questions.”
They again shamed the reporter on their way back from the restroom, yelling at them to “shut the f–k up” — their last outburst before teammates and coach Marvin Lewis stepped in. Lewis reportedly sat with Jones at their locker, where the two talked.
Jones was arrested at a Cincinnati hotel in the early morning hours of Jan. 3 for allegedly pushing and poking a man in the eye. The 12-year NFL veteran then snapped at the police, allegedly kicking and head-butting a cop as they were being put in handcuffs and verbally assaulting the officers on their way to the station in a scene caught on camera.
“Suck my d–k, how about that,” Jones says in video obtained by TMZ weeks after the incident. “You a b—h, bro. B—h ass n—a, I hope you die tomorrow.”
The tirade didn't stop there, as Jones allegedly spat on a nurse's hand upon entering the Hamilton County Justice Center. Jones was booked on charges of assault, disorderly conduct and obstructing official business.
Jones, who reportedly has been taking anger management classes since their latest arrest, spoke diplomatically of their — not first or second, but — third chance with the Bengals when the same reporter asked about their return to the field.
“Words can't express can't express my gratitude or my feelings for the organization, Mr. (Mike) Brown, coach (Marvin) Lewis, the teammates, the City of Cincinnati,” Jones said. “This is home for me. I'm very eager to be here. I don't take it for granted. I love playing football, and I love helping the guys out and working together for one common goal, which is winning. I'm more than happy to be here.”
The talented cornerback, whom the Titans selected No. 6 overall in the 2005 draft, was involved in two other controversies since joining the Bengals in 2010: a 2011 arrest for disorderly conduct and resisting arrest and a 2013 one for an assault charge outside a bar. Jones was suspended for the entire 2007 season, while with the Cowboys, for their involvement in a Las Vegas strip club shooting.
The 34-year-old is entering the second season of a three-year contract with the Bengals, for whom they started all 16 games last season.
Your Facebook “likes” could be swinging elections.
Cambridge Analytica, a data firm that worked for Donald Trump's presidential campaign, reportedly used the Facebook FB, -6.77% data of more than 50 million users without their knowledge, possibly contributing to the president's win in November 2016.
Following outrage at the news, Facebook suspended the accounts Cambridge Analytica and parent firm Strategic Communications Laboratories for policy violations, the company's deputy general counsel Paul Grewal said in a blog post. (Facebook did not immediately reply to request for comment.)
Facebook has been widely criticized over the mishandled data, but the company didn't do anything illegal, said Jamie Court, president of consumer protection group Consumer Watchdog — and that's part of the problem.
“Unfortunately, under federal law these companies are often not held accountable for privacy violations,” they said. “They have been able to fend off legal accountability regarding the actions of third parties even when they essentially conspire with them.”
They said it is up to the Federal Trade Commission to enforce existing regulations on these companies and to Congress to pass better laws protecting consumers. (The FTC did not respond to request for comment.)
A bill passed by the House in February aims to hold websites accountable for what third parties host on their platforms. It's one of the first to chip away at the protections big tech companies have in the U.S. Another ballot measure proposed in California for the 2018 elections requires companies to disclose exactly what data they collect and how it is handled.
Here are some measures you can take to minimize the hold it has on your privacy:
Revoke access from connected apps
When you give permission for games and other apps to access your Facebook account, third-party companies can often crawl your phone for more data, including your friends' contact information. That's how Cambridge Analytica allegedly retrieved the information of 50 million users from just a few hundred thousand people who opted to take a free personality quiz on Facebook.
Some apps allow location tracking while others upload your phone contacts and even photos. To revoke app permissions, follow these steps on your Facebook page:
• Go to “account settings.”
• Click “apps” on the left-hand sidebar.
• Click the “X” on the right of each app to revoke access to your data.
• Confirm “remove” when the window prompts you to do so.
You can also disable Facebook's “platform” feature, which stops Facebook from integrating with games and other apps for login purposes in the future.
See what Facebook knows about you and opt out
If you live in the U.K. or the European Union, Facebook is required to let you see what information is collected on you. You can find the option to download data under settings. Even if you don't live in a place with strict privacy laws — like the U.S., for example — Facebook lets users see what is collected on them in other ways.
Under “Facebook Ads,” users can see what information Facebook thinks it knows about them. This will include pages you've actually liked as well as interests the algorithm has inferred you have based on your behavior (including card games, thriller movies, and romance novels). You can remove these ads by clicking the “x” in the top right corner of each image. Although it does not stop companies from tracking you, it will make your ads less personalized.
Facebook says you can opt out of these ads under “ad settings,” but the program only allows you to opt out of around 100 specific companies, it also relies on cookies and — as privacy organization the Electronic Frontier Foundation has noted — “does not actually stop tracking,” including that allegedly carried out by Cambridge Analytica.
An example from the author's Facebook page.
Limit visibility
Under “privacy settings and tools,” you can limit who sees future posts, who can send friend requests, who can see your friend list, and who can look you up using the email or phone number linked to your account. (This is especially advisable for friends who you don't know very well.) Of course, this won't stop Facebook from mining data from you but will limit the amount of information other users can see about you online. You can also opt out of “face recognition” under “face recognition settings.”
Turn off location services
You may want to consider opting out of location-stamping posts, especially if they are public. This won't limit what Facebook collects on you, but can limit your visibility on the internet. Simply click the “X” next to the name of the city on your status avoid revealing where you are. Facebook's main app as well as its Messenger app also track user location. You can turn this off on iOS under ”settings,” “location services,” and toggling them “off” for Facebook. On Android, it is under “settings,” “app,” “permissions.”
Call your elected officials
Few consumer privacy protection laws exist in the U.S., Court of Consumer Watchdog said, and those that do center on identity theft and require proof of financial damage due to an identity crime. To change that, consumers need to demand more.
“The public needs to rise up if Congress is ever going to challenge Facebook,” Court said. “The problem is politicians are elected by the same privacy violations consumers are against.”
The Electronic Frontier Foundation, a privacy advocacy organization, sends out email updates on how to take action against laws that threaten consumer privacy, or use the site to look up your representative's contact information.
Delete your account
The only way to truly get Facebook to stop tracking you is to delete your account entirely.
“If you use Facebook, the price you pay is your data,” said B.J. Mendelson, author of ‘Privacy: And How to Get it Back' “You can't really avoid these leaks. The change has to come through Facebook itself (and the other tech companies) or through regulation of those companies.”
Facebook allows users to deactivate an account temporarily or delete it permanently, although it does not say it will delete the data it holds on users after they go.
Zenith Bank “NextGen” Juniour Masters begins in Lagos – Vanguard
Vanguard Zenith Bank “NextGen'' Juniour Masters begins in Lagos
Vanguard
Lagos – Sixteen players served off the Zenith Bank NextGen Junior Masters on Tuesday as Stephen Augustine defeats Emmanuel Jebutu 9-7, while Omolade Adeyemi crushed Kausarat Adegboyega, 9-1 in day one actions. The players — males and females — began …
and more »
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Sports - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Robert F. Schroeder, age 81 of Rhinelander, died Monday, June 12, 2017 at their home. They were born Nov. 19, 1935 in Elgin, Ill., to Frank and Rose (Wendt) Schroeder. They were raised in Crystal Lake, Ill. and was a 1953 graduate of Crystal Lake High School. After high school, Robert enlisted in the Navy where they served for four years. They Joyce Kessler June 10, 1961 and the couple lived in Crystal Lake while Robert attended Northern Illinois University.
Robert earned a Bachelor of Science degree in biology with a minor in business administration. Robert and Joyce moved to Rhinelander in 1966 where they were employed with the U.S. Forest Service for one year. They then moved to Alaska where Robert was employed with the U.S. Forest Service for three years. Robert earned a Master's degree in Public Administration from the University of Alaska and was employed 15 years as the Administrator with the Alaskan State Government.
In 1985, Robert and Joyce retired and moved back to Rhinelander. Robert was a member of Our Savior Lutheran Church in Eagle River, where they had served as president for many years. Robert loved to hunt and fish. During their younger years they played baseball and softball.
 They are survived by their wife, Joyce; one sister, Jean Schofield of Crystal Lake, Ill.; one brother, Richard (Judy) Schroeder of Meadow Vista, Calif. and a sister-in-law, Elizabeth Schroeder of Aurora, Neb.; nieces, nephews, other relatives and friends.
They were preceded in death by their parents and one brother, Kenneth Schroeder.
The visitation and service will be held Monday June 19 from 10 a.m. until the 11 a.m. funeral service at Our Savior Lutheran Church located at 223 Silver Lake Road, Eagle River. Pastor Bill Trosien will be officiating. At the conclusion of the service, the folding and presentation of the American flag by representatives of the Navy will take place. (Hildebrand Funeral Home & Cremation Specialists)
Professional wrestling legends Hulk Hogan and Ric Flair present “Legends of the Ring” with emcee Jimmy Hart and host Eric Bischoff at 9 p.m. Saturday, June 9 at the Seminole Hard Rock Hotel & Casino in South Florida near Hollywood.
Aaron Eckhart got poison ivy in the oddest place possible They sustained the injury while working on their new film "Bleed For This."
Aaron Eckhart lucky enough to get advice from Harrison Ford Eckhart ran into Ford at Benny's Burritos and asked to pick their brain.
Racist, idiotic 'London Has Fallen' is a revenge dud Racist, stupid and boasting cheesy effects that wouldn't pass muster on basic cable, the sequel to the surprise hit “Olympus Has Fallen'' is a cautionary tale about what could happen...
‘My All American' fumbles its true story Football, that increasingly embattled national pastime, sure could use a feel-good story. Along comes “My All American,” with its unironic love of God, country, Texas, family and a can-do spirit....
Aaron Eckhart loses the fat, cigars for 'I, Frankenstein' He's not your 19th-century Frankenstein. “I don't know where this lumbering idiot came from. In the book, he's extremely articulate, he's sensitive, he's a quick learner,” Aaron Eckhart tells The...
The Ohio State Senate has eliminated a lead provision from the Ohio budget.
The provision would have weakened Toledo's ability to enforce the recently passed Lead Safe Law.
This law serves to prevent lead poisoning of children in rental properties and home day care centers.
“I am gratified that our State Senators so far have seen the wisdom in permitting local jurisdictions to monitor and enforce more proactive lead safety measures. We expect other Ohio communities to follow Toledo regarding lead poisoning prevention,” said Toledo Mayor Paula Hicks-Hudson.
In the Lead Safe Law, landlords are given instructions on how to prepare their properties to pass inspections and to maintain safe rental properties for families.
Home day-care centers are also required to be inspected and certified.
The city of Toledo has moved to file both criminal and civil charges against landlords which blatantly disregard orders to repair lead hazards or to vacate properties.
Follow WTOL:
Download our app here.
Copyright 2017 WTOL. All rights reserved.
ISTANBUL — The Islamic State group on Monday claimed responsibility for the New Year's attack at a popular Istanbul nightclub that killed 39 people and wounded scores of others.
The IS-linked Aamaq News Agency said the attack was carried by a “heroic soldier of the caliphate who attacked the most famous nightclub where Christians were celebrating their pagan feast.”
It said the man opened fire from an automatic rifle in “revenge for God's religion and in response to the orders” of IS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi.
The group described Turkey as “the servant of the cross.”
Earlier, Turkish media reports had said that Turkish authorities believed the IS group was behind the attack and that the gunman, who is still at large, comes from a Central Asian nation and is likely to be either from Uzbekistan or Kyrgyzstan.
According to Hurriyet and Karar newspapers, police had also established similarities with the high-casualty suicide bomb and gun attack at Istanbul's Ataturk Airport in June and was investigating whether the same IS cell could have carried out both attacks.
The gunman killed a police officer and another man outside the Reina club in the early hours of 2017 before entering and firing at an estimated 600 people partying inside with an automatic rifle.
Nearly two-thirds of the dead in the upscale club, which is frequented by local celebrities, were foreigners, Turkey's Anadolu Agency said. Many of them hailed from the Middle East.
The mass shooting followed more than 30 violent acts over the past year in Turkey, which is a member of the NATO alliance and a partner in the U.S.-led coalition fighting against the Islamic State group in Syria and Iraq. The country endured multiple bombings in 2016, including three in Istanbul alone that authorities blamed on IS, a failed coup attempt in July and renewed conflict with Kurdish rebels in the southeast.
The Islamic State group claims to have cells in the country. Analysts think it was behind suicide bombings last January and March that targeted tourists on Istanbul's iconic Istiklal Street as well as the attack at Ataturk Airport in June, which killed 45 people.
In December, IS released a video purportedly showing the killing of two Turkish soldiers and urged its supporters to “conquer” Istanbul. Turkey's jets regularly bomb the group in the northern Syrian town of Al-Bab. Turkish authorities have not confirmed the authenticity of the video.
Prime Minister Binali Yildirim said the attacker left a gun at the club and escaped by “taking advantage of the chaos” that ensued. Some customers reportedly jumped into the waters of the Bosporus to escape the attack.
Congressional candidate Ricardo 'Rico' Franco speaks in front of Andrew Janz, another candidate, at a forum in February. JUAN ESPARZA LOERA jesparza@vidaenelvalle.com
#ChangedByMeToo
NBC News' THINK asked men and women in different professions across the U.S. how the #MeToo movement has changed the way they interact with people at work — if at all. This is a sampling of those responses:
The Mooch can't be thrilled with their book deal “It's certainly not a huge deal. But they should consider themselves lucky to get a deal at all.”
Anthony Scaramucci and Kimberly Guilfoyle spotted together A spy told Page Six they were having an "intimate" conversation.
Scaramucci is writing a book about Trump Get ready for back to school time, the Mooch will be offering management lessons. Anthony Scaramucci — the former White House communications director who infamously lasted only 10 days in...
The Mooch is reportedly barred from entering the White House They screwed the Mooch. Anthony Scaramucci — who served as White House communications director for 10 days — is on a list of people who are blocked from entering the...
Scaramucci doesn't think Trump should testify in Russia probe WASHINGTON — Short-lived White House communications director Anthony Scaramucci said Sunday that President Trump should not say a word to special counsel Robert Mueller. Scaramucci said Trump must turn down...
All the dirt on the Mooch's pricey new Hamptons house The Hamptons beach house that short-lived White House communications director Anthony Scaramucci and their on-again, off-again wife, Deidre Ball, bought is an 8,300-square-foot new-construction pad in Water Mill. The East...
By now, the average investor has heard that the U.S. 10-year government bond yield hit 3% early Tuesday for the first time in about four years. See full story.
7 reasons stocks are better than real estate
You've heard this before: Stocks, over time, outperform real estate. There are many schools of thought on this but one common statistic being tossed around claims equities over the past several decades have returned an average upwards of 10% a year, while real estate is in the 4% ballpark. See full story.
You may want to retire to one of these surprising cities
Warm weather prevails, but not for all retirees. See full story.
Stock havens take it on the chin as bond yields rise
The parts of the U.S. stock market historically seen as safe are starting to look like they're among Wall Street's riskiest. See full story.
Facebook says you are NOT the product — and points in a different direction
This week, the social network attempted to explain its privacy policies. See full story.
The big-box retailer is relaxing its dress code for some employees. See full story.
Ramona Singer: I'm 58 and look fab in my bandage dress! This week, Patrick Couderc, the managing director of Hervé Léger in London, insisted that women of a certain age, as well as lesbians, shouldn't wear their company's curve-hugging creations. “What...
30 shoe-and-bag combos that'll put a spring in your step Floral frenzy How does your wardrobe garden grow? With pretty heels and petal-perfect bags all in a row! Snake it up The ultimate in slinky cool: sexy heels, fun flats...
How 'Empire's' top stylist makes cast look like a million bucks When we meet Cookie Lyon on Fox's new drama “Empire,” she's strutting through iron prison gates in a skintight, leopard-print minidress and a fierce, white fur coat. The character, played...
Debutantes trade ball gowns for rockin' New Year's frocks Forty-six American women will make their bows to society this year at the International Debutante Ball at the Waldorf-Astoria — but only five of them will be representing the Big Apple and its metro area. The ball, which...
10 fashionably festive headpieces for the holidays Outfits are similar to Christmas trees in that both can rise to new heights when a festive topper is thrown into the mix. Here are 10 headliners worth considering this...
A fashionista's survival guide to the apocalypse Family? Check. Water? Check. Canned goods? Check. Shelter? Check. Once all that's squared away, fashionistas may want to figure out what they need to not only survive but look good...
Dennis Hardin says they will not get on a latter anymore. (Source: Family photo)
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) - A man was caught in an accident that almost cost them their legs. Nearly two years later, he's walking and delivering a message to the people who were first on the scene to help him.
Dennis Hardin was working in Louisville on July 20, 2016 when they had a terrible fall.
"Start sliding down the wall with me on the ladder," Hardin said. "I rode it like a surf board and I hit the ground. When I hit the ground, I felt both my ankles they were on a rung both of them snapped."
Hardin fell about 12 feet. A 911 call was made and two Louisville Metro EMTs made the run. Nicholas Wahl and Billy McKelvey were working together.
"I remember it," Louisville Metro EMT Nicholas Wahl said.
"When we saw him, the extent of their injuries their leg still being under the ladder and sort of wrapped around one of the rungs," firefighter and EMT Billy McKelvey said.
Whal remembers what they said to Hardin.
"Your leg is pretty bad," Wahl said. "I'm gonna have to turn your leg to get flow back to it."
"He told me it was going to hurt and they were right," Hardin said.
MORE ON WAVE3.COM
+ ISP Sergeant goes above and beyond the call of duty
+ Archdiocese of Louisville and LG&E make history with new solar array
+ Sazerac to invest $66M in former Pillsbury plant
"Brace with me, and that's when I was able to turn their leg we got the pulses back to one of their legs," Wahl said.
Whal and McKelvey rushed Hardin to the hospital where they heard the doctor say something frightening.
"'We're gonna work on your legs' they said 'and if I have to amputate I can do that too'," Hardin said the doctor told him. "I remember them saying that."
Hardin says both of their ankles and the legs above them were broken. It was a long road to recovery from there. They underwent surgery and had major complications along the way. They couldn't walk for over a year and was in wheelchair. But, they had their legs and determination and started walking just months ago.
Hardin's journey wasn't complete.
"I had to meet the men that I feel like saved my life," Hardin said. "I want to cry. They saved my foot it's important to me."
Nearly 22 months later, Hardin got to say thank you.
"Guys, I owe you a debt of gratitude and say it over and and over and never get tired of saying thank you," Hardin said. "For what you did, people need to be told."
McKelvey and Wahl say they often wonder what happens to the lives they touch. To hear a thank you and see Dennis Hardin means so much to them.
"To see somebody who was close to losing both of their legs get out of a car and walk up to you and give you a hug, it's unexplainable the feeling," McKelvey said. "He's never going to forget us and we are never going to forget him."
Hardin says they do not get on ladders anymore. He's a preacher and travels overseas and says they were able to do that because of the EMT's who helped him.
Copyright 2018 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
Image caption The £150m building was due to open six years ago
Belfast Health Trust is under fire as a critical care hospital remains mainly closed six years after it was to open.
Some operating theatres have had to be re-designed and building defects are subject to legal action between the trust and the contractor.
Problems highlighted by BBC News 12 months ago around sewage and ventilation continue.
Work carried out by other contractors to bring the building up to standard also continues.
The trust says the project remains within its £150 million pound budget.
Felicity Huston, the former NI commissioner for public appointments, said the trust's board needed to ask probing questions.
'Heads would roll'
"It would very much suggest - looking at the written evidence anyway - that the board really aren't exercising their role holding the chief executive and their or their staff to account for what is happening, or in this case, what is not happening," they said.
Ms Huston said matters are treated differently in the private commercial world.
"I would imagine that heads would roll. Certainly bonuses would be cut, targets would have been set and, if they hadn't been met, I think people who hadn't met those targets would be feeling the pinch."
Exactly 12 months ago, BBC News revealed that, five years after it was due to open, 10 of the 12 floors remained unopened.
A year later and the Belfast Health and Social Care Trust still cannot say when the building is due to fully open.
According to sources, the building will not be fully operational this side of Christmas.
Image caption Felicity Huston, the former NI commissioner for public appointments, said the trust's board needed to ask questions about the construction process
Ask health professionals about the critical care building and many have to be reminded about it.
By all accounts, it has fallen off the radar. A senior doctor within the Belfast Trust told the BBC that it is known as the "big white elephant that everyone has written off".
One of the buildings most critical features - its operating theatres - are still being commissioned.
The BBC understands that work finished in 2017 has had to be redone this year in order to comply with building regulations.
This includes theatres being redesigned as they were originally too large to cope with the ventilation system that had been installed.
Ventilation plants
The new work includes partitioning walls in order to make them smaller and more manageable.
As some work has had to be redone due to the delay, this has meant many rooms and corridors have had to be repainted as air ventilation plants were ripped out.
In addition, the helicopter landing pad at the critical care building is still not operational.
The Belfast Trust said the work that needs to be done "is a requirement to meet CAA (Civil Aviation Authority) accreditation" and includes fire safety work, additional lighting requirements and communication infrastructure.
A local GP, whose surgery sits in the shadow of the critical care building on Belfast's Falls Road, said it seems no-one is being held to account.
'Public money'
Dr Michael McKenna said that no-one seems to be asking any questions.
"You have to remember this is public money that is being spent and that is £150m that is not being utilized in any shape or form."
They said the health trust is responsible for the building and added: "It would be nice to have ongoing information to know what is happening, and if there is an estimated time of when it might be in use because it is absolutely needed."
As reported by BBC News last March, legal proceedings between various contractors and the trust have been ongoing during most of the building work, with one source describing litigation as "acrimonious".
Replying to the most recent request for information, the Belfast Health Trust said that it did not go through legal arbitration with contractors McLaughlin and Harvey.
'A long time'
However, they did go through a mediation process with the contractor and a settlement was reached that ensured that there was no loss to the public purse.
"We acknowledge that the critical care building has taken a long time to complete, and given the length of time involved it is important to bring the public up-to-date with the current status of the building," the trust said.
It said it was working through a list of remedial work to address defects discovered since handover, and changes in standards since it was designed.
"We are also bringing the ventilation system to the required standard in accordance with guidance before the theatres are put into use," it added.
The Dictionary via barnesandnoble.com Wait…what? Some students working on their spelling might have been out of luck when the teacher asked them to “look it up.” In 1987, the Anchorage School Board in Alaska Wait…what? Some students working on their spelling might have been out of luck when the teacher asked them to “look it up.” In 1987, the Anchorage School Board in Alaska banned the American Heritage Dictionary because it had “objectionable” entries, like the slang definitions for “balls,” “knocker,” and “bed.” A California elementary school banned Merriam-Webster from its shelves because the definition of oral sex was “not age appropriate.” Guess those students couldn't look up the most complicated (and only three-lettered) word in the English language
Yertle the Turtle via barnesandnoble.com Anti-deforestation wasn't Dr. Seuss's only political message to make schools squirm. One Canadian school announced Anti-deforestation wasn't Dr. Seuss's only political message to make schools squirm. One Canadian school announced Yertle the Turtle one of its banned books in 2012 because of this line: "I know up on top you are seeing great sights, but down here at the bottom, we too should have rights." Apparently that line was too partisan for a school that had banned political messages. If you don't shy from politics, check out the funniest political jokes and insults from around the world
Content continues below ad
James and the Giant Peach via barnesandnoble.com No matter how you feel about human-sized bugs, Roald Dahl's No matter how you feel about human-sized bugs, Roald Dahl's James and the Giant Peach seems innocent enough at first glance. Some schools have challenged it for language, and tobacco and alcohol references. But perhaps the oddest? In 1999, one small Wisconsin town officially made it one of its banned books after claiming a scene when the spider licks their lips could be “taken in two ways, including sexual.” Can't say that would have been our first thought.
Where the Wild Things Are via barnesandnoble.com It was tough enough for author Maurice Sendak to get their borderline dark and scary children's book published. When it finally did hit the shelves, it got in even more trouble. It was tough enough for author Maurice Sendak to get their borderline dark and scary children's book published. When it finally did hit the shelves, it got in even more trouble. Where the Wild Things Are is now a fun classic, but it was initially banned because little Max's punishment was starvation—well, lack of supper—and the story had supernatural themes. (Don't miss these 50 dumbest laws in every state .)
Where the Sidewalk Ends via barnesandnoble.com You might want to reread Shel Silverstein's collection of poems, You might want to reread Shel Silverstein's collection of poems, Where the Sidewalk Ends —you may have missed something in its quirky, funny, and touching verses. According to some schools , the book actually promotes everything from drug use and suicide to ignoring parents and telling lies. Yikes.
Content continues below ad
Harriet the Spy via barnesandnoble.com Who knew a child misfit could create such a stir? Sure, kids loved Harriet for their strong will and rebelliousness, but critics Who knew a child misfit could create such a stir? Sure, kids loved Harriet for their strong will and rebelliousness, but critics argued the “spy” was less of a good-girl Nancy Drew and more of a mean-spirited gossip. Some schools banned Louise Fitzhugh's Harriet the Spy to keep students from the bad influence.
Brown Bear, Brown Bear, What Do You See? via barnesandnoble.com Might as well stop trying to wrack your brain for what in the world could have been grounds to take Might as well stop trying to wrack your brain for what in the world could have been grounds to take Brown Bear, Brown Bear, What Do You See? out of schools. It was all an awkward mistake. Eric Carle might be a famous children's illustrator, but the Texas State Board of Education wouldn't approve the storybook after recognizing writer Bill Martin Jr.'s name from another book: Ethical Marxism. There was just one problem—the political Bill Martin was not the same Bill Martin Jr. as had written the children's book. Next time, maybe the school board should do its homework (unlike this school district that banned homework ).
Content continues below ad
Charlotte's Web via barnesandnoble.com The unlikely friendship between a pig and spider sparked a much bigger controversy among Kansas parents in 1952. They had The unlikely friendship between a pig and spider sparked a much bigger controversy among Kansas parents in 1952. They had Charlotte's Web banned because talking animals went against their religious beliefs, arguing humans are "the only creatures that can communicate vocally. Showing lower life forms with human abilities is sacrilegious and disrespectful to God." We wonder what they'd think about the Cat in the Hat and Mickey Mouse and the three little bears and … (Did you know you can buy the house from Charlotte's Web ?)
The Grapes of Wrath via barnesandnoble.com John Steinbeck's work of fiction was based on the reality of the Dust Bowl that left migrants homeless and in search of work. In Kern County, California, where the protagonists land, the real-life county board of supervisors didn't appreciate the author's portrayal of how locals didn't help migrants. A 1939 vote John Steinbeck's work of fiction was based on the reality of the Dust Bowl that left migrants homeless and in search of work. In Kern County, California, where the protagonists land, the real-life county board of supervisors didn't appreciate the author's portrayal of how locals didn't help migrants. A 1939 vote removed The Grapes of Wrath from the area's schools and libraries. If you aren't a fan either, check out these 9 new books that are better than the classics
Content continues below ad
Dellin Betances has figured out the flaw in their delivery that has led to horrific control problems lately for the Yankees reliever — and good friend CC Sabathia has offered a way to correct it.
“I'm too inconsistent with my delivery. With a runner on first, I'm trying to go quick,'' Betances said following Wednesday's four-walk outing against the Blue Jays that led to a 7-6 Yankees loss. “The timing of my delivery is not there. The stuff is there.''
In their past nine appearances, the four-time All-Star has worked 7 ¹/₃ innings in which they have given up six hits and nine earned runs, walked 14 and struck out 13.
Sabathia has faced Betances' dilemma: trying to find the balance between when to be quick to the plate and when not to be.
“I've gone through it: Go with one or the other,'' Sabathia said.
Betances is 6-foot-8, which can lead to faulty mechanics that are harder to correct than they would be for a shorter pitcher.
Because Betances relies heavily on a filthy curveball, opponents have been successful in running on him. In the previous three seasons, base runners attempted 57 steals with Betances on the mound and 50 were successful. A year ago, they were a perfect 21-for-21. This season, runners have swiped seven of nine.
“I'm in between two different deliveries and it has hurt me,'' said Betances, whose walks per nine innings are at 8.6 compared to last year's 3.5, while their strikeouts per nine are at 16.8, which is higher than any of the previous three seasons.
Injuries to high-end prospects continue to haunt the Yankees organization. Top pitching prospect James Kaprielian and top position prospect Gleyber Torres already have been lost for the season after Tommy John surgery and Dustin Fowler is gone due to knee surgery.
On Wednesday night, lefty starter Justus Sheffield departed a game for Double-A Trenton with an oblique muscle injury that landed them on the minor league disabled list.
Sheffield, 21, was a big part of the trade of Andrew Miller last July that also netted outfielder Clint Frazier from the Indians. In 16 starts for Trenton, Sheffield is 7-5 with a 3.09 ERA.
Former “Grey's Anatomy” co-star TR Knight, who left the show in 2009, will return to the small screen in “11/22/63.” The nine-episode miniseries, premiering next year on Hulu and directed...
BERLIN — Germany's foreign minister says a “United States of Europe” proposed by their party's leader wouldn't spell the end of nation-states on the continent.
Martin Schulz, who heads the centre-left Social Democrats, told a party meeting last week that countries refusing to sign a treaty establishing a federal “United States of Europe” by 2025 should leave the European Union.
Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel told German public broadcaster ARD on Sunday that the idea was “no contradiction to the Europe of fatherlands or motherlands.”
Gabriel says European nations can't defend their interests alone on the global stage and “unless we stand together, our children won't have a voice in the world.”
Talks between the Social Democrats and Chancellor Angela Merkel's conservative Union on extending their “grand coalition” for a new government resume Monday.
Entertainment of Monday, 2 January 2017
Source: enewsgh.com
2017-01-02
Tee Phlow ‘New Era'
It's urban knowledge Tee Phlow is one of the most important local Hip hop statements of the last few years.
From working on highly talkable content to nudging an army of equally talented MCs who came in sight year on year, he's worked their way into a decent base who pass for Phlow addicts.
In the last quarter of 2016, they enjoyed what is yet, their biggest media activity after going mainstream; they exited The Last Two Music Groups and subsequently signed onto Spyder Lee Entertainment, featured on Sarkodie's ‘Trumpet' to great reviews and gigged major: Rapperholic, Bar Concert et al.
On the back of all that activity comes New Era, their first official single post Spyder Lee paperwork.
New Era is the rapper's reunion with himself. It is the Tee Phlow of old, present and the future. It is the Tee Phlow who manipulates words that are meant to be one and the same thing.
While with New Era you can easily remind yourself of Sarkodie/Obrafour's ‘Life', it is the how technique in this, that makes it more than just a beat being laid and a young soul fidgeting. What Phlow does is to – as early as 30 seconds into the song – erase any form of auditory hallucination or perceiving sounds you may have, and switches it up, a notch. And that is why they are such a talent.
When they enter into the Phlow zone, there is no looking back; they leaf competing rappers for dead. In their tracks.
If there is any doubt about Phlow's rap game, on New Era, they come clean with a cutting, size-less form of – also enviable – baskets of bars that are so yummy they can be Cadbury and Kingsbite at the same time.
In settling on a theme, New Era went along the lines of recent compositions by other younglings, where braggadocio and who's got the best bars proved ultimate shopping carts. Phlow joins in on the party and gate-storms their way through a guest list that previously had Worlasi, and all the cats who featured on the Trumpet; Koo Ntakra, Medikal, Strongman, Donzy and Pappy Kojo claiming arrival status with Hip Hop flight boarding passes to show.
An opening scene from the ‘New Era' video directed by Salifu Abdul Hafiz
But Phlow dishes an even bigger beef with New Era.
Phlow's real beef as they explain some 57 seconds into the song, was sliced, steamed, nutmegged, and cooked on their claim to fame as a crack Fante MC.
And they did the dishing while still fasting, they say, and only went for the kill when it became obvious too many not-fits and mockups were calling themselves something other than worse rappers who can't string together, basic rap rhymes to save their borrowed, faded hoodie lives.
The posturing as they expand further, gets their goad, but also sees them claiming he's been doing amazing lots of Sugar. Honey. Ice. Tea for years. That, you can also call braggadocio. What you can't however say, is that Phlow isn't credible.
Phlow is a wild cat.  They are a problem; a big one with incredible street credibility that predates their Last Two days. He's had success in the streets; long before both Malafaka and Onaapo became buzzwords.
And what they do with New Era is to cement that thought.
Produced by Ssnowbeatz, New Era has Phlow touching some nerves; those so deadly they can easily make them – as they predict, public enemy number one – within the local Hip hop scene. As less reaching as their clout may seem now, they however refuses to be put away. They schlep through the 4 minutes, edgy-subject song with so much confidence and attitude if a struggling mainstream act had such dynamism, they would have been major by now.
There is validation aplenty in New Era. The song bows to Phlow's creativity and offers them a seamless transition in between the well-baked bars. They achieve that beyond expectations that are categorical and also not too hard to know their instant quality.
And when they splutter intensity, they do it with so much volatility a lot of codes are moved at heights and levels that connote nuggets of wisdom. All in one man. All in one man. The Phlow man.
And by the time they are through savaging all those lazy, boob-sucking upstarts, there is a general consensus among the bars that “we did good; we predicted our enemies and took the war to them” as Phlow the Physicist – in New Era – taught us in The Warning (April, 2014).
Watch video for New Era, released December 31
Everything you need to know about the FIFA World Cup 2018 Group A matches between Russia, Saudi Arabia, Egypt and Uruguay
Which teams are in World Cup 2018 Group A?
Russia
Saudi Arabia
Egypt
Uruguay
TV and radio coverage: All Group A games are being covered live on TV in the UK by either BBC or ITV. All games are being covered live on the radio in the UK on BBC Radio 5Live and BBC Radio 5Live Sports Extra.
Advertisement
When is Russia v Saudi Arabia being played? Thursday 14th June
What time is kick off? 4pm BST
How can I watch the game live on TV? ITV are showing the game in the UK
Which venue is hosting the game? Luzhniki Stadium, Moscow
When is Egypt v Uruguay being played? Friday 15th June
What time is kick off? 1pm BST
How can I watch the game live on TV? The BBC are showing the game in the UK
Which venue is hosting the game? Central Stadium, Yekaterinburg
When is Russia v Egypt being played? Tuesday 19th June
What time is kick off? 7pm BST
How can I watch the game live on TV? The BBC are showing the game in the UK
Which venue is hosting the game? Krestovsky Stadium, Saint Petersburg
When is Uruguay v Saudi Arabia being played? Wednesday 20th June
What time is kick off? 4pm BST
How can I watch the game live on TV? The BBC are showing the game in the UK
Which venue is hosting the game? Rostov Arena, Rostov-on-Don
When is Saudi Arabia v Eygpt being played? Monday 25th June
What time is kick off? 3pm BST
How can I watch the game live on TV? ITV are showing the game in the UK
Which venue is hosting the game? Volgograd Arena, Volgograd
When is Uruguay v Russia being played? Monday 25th June
What time is kick off? 3pm BST
How can I watch the game live on TV? ITV are showing the game in the UK
Which venue is hosting the game? Samara Arena, Samara
Advertisement
Full World Cup 2018 fixtures by group
The first of 10 people killed in the Toronto van attack has been identified as an employee of a US-based investment management firm, according to a report.
Anne-Marie D'Amico worked at the Canadian headquarters of Invesco located near the mile-long stretch where Alek Minassian allegedly plowed a Ryder rental van into a lunch-hour crowd, killing 10 people and injuring 15, according to the CBC.
Peter Intraligi, president of Invesco Canada, confirmed their death to the outlet.
“Our thoughts and prayers continue to be with all those impacted by this tragic event,” Intraligi said. “I can now confirm that unfortunately one of our employees has succumbed to their injuries. Out of respect for them and their family, we will not be providing any further comments.”
Minassian, 25, was due to appear in a Toronto courtroom at 10 a.m. Tuesday. Police said that charges against the suspect would be provided at that time.
The incident began about 1:30 p.m. Monday around Yonge Street and Finch Avenue and ended when Minassian was collared about a half-hour later after trying to goad police into shooting him.
“We're all putting our pieces together to see exactly what we have,” said Toronto police Chief Mark Saunders, adding that the attack “definitely appeared deliberate.”
Garry Clement, a former Royal Canadian Mounted Police chief and, told the CBC that they think the cops involved “deserve to be commended because they demonstrated a lot of restraint.”
Footage shot by a bystander showed police arresting the man as they shouted: “Kill me” and pointed an object at a cop, who replied, “No, get down!”
When the suspect said, “I have a gun in my pocket,” the officer responded: “I don't care! Get down!”
The attack shook the usually tranquil streets of Toronto, a major tourist destination. The city, which has a population of 2.8 million, recorded 61 murders last year, Reuters reported.
“This kind of tragic incident is not representative of how we live and who we are,” Mayor John Tory told reporters.
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau called the incident a “tragic and senseless attack.”
The city's iconic CN Tower, which is normally lit up in the evening, went dark Monday evening.
The Canadian who blew the whistle on an alleged propaganda scheme using a data mining breach at Facebook says it “took fake news to the next level.”
Christopher Wylie said the data from Facebook — gleaned from 50 million people without their knowledge — was then used to change people's perceptions.
“I feel a sense of regret every day when I see where they have helped take our world,” said Wylie, from British Columbia.
U.S. and British lawmakers are demanding that Facebook explain how the political data firm Cambridge Analytica was able to harvest private information from more than 50 million Facebook profiles without the social network's alerting users.
Canada's privacy commissioner is also demanding to know whether any Canadians had personal information compromised.
The furore caused Facebook to lose US$36 billion in value Monday with CEO Mark Zuckerberg suffering a US$4.9 billion personal lose and a drop from the world's fourth-richest man to fifth.
Cambridge Analytica was used by Donald Trump in their successful 2016 presidential campaign. The U.K. company earned US$5.9 million in 2016 from the Trump campaign, according to data from the Federal Election Commission.
Cambridge has been largely funded by Robert Mercer, the wealthy Republican donor, and Steve Bannon, a former adviser to the president.
Wylie, a Cambridge co-founder who left in 2014, said they did not know to what extent Trump's campaign used the techniques, but they said Trump's former campaign manager, Corey Lewandowski, was meeting with Cambridge Analytica in 2015, before Trump even announced their run for office.
Cambridge Analytica is also under scrutiny for its propaganda practises and how it used the Facebook data.
Britain's information commissioner says they will apply for a warrant to access the servers of the company. Commissioner Elizabeth Denham said the firm had been “unco-operative” in their investigation of whether Facebook data was “illegally acquired and used.”
The firm faced more controversy Monday after senior executives were filmed saying they could entrap politicians with bribes and Ukrainian prostitutes.
In an undercover investigation filmed by Britain's Channel 4 News, Alexander Nix, the firm's chief executive officer, claimed the company had worked in more than 200 elections across the world, including Nigeria, Kenya, the Czech Republic, India and Argentina.
Politicians could be bribed or compromised by sending “some girls around to the candidates house.” Ukrainian girls “are very beautiful, I find that works very well,” said Nix on the video recording.
In the investigation, Mark Turnbull, the managing director of CA Political Global, said Cambridge Analytica could then discreetly push the compromising material onto social media and the internet.
“We just put information into the bloodstream of the internet, and then, and then watch it grow, give it a little push every now and again… like a remote control,” said Turnbull.
A Cambridge Analytica spokesperson told Channel 4 News, “We entirely refute any allegation that Cambridge Analytica or any of its affiliates use entrapment, bribes, or so-called ‘honey-traps' for any purpose whatsoever.”
Nix told BBC's Newsnight, “A lot of the allegations that have been put to Cambridge are entirely unfounded and extremely unfair.”
But U.K. Culture Secretary Matt Hancock was met with cheers in Parliament when they said that the “Wild West” days of “digital companies who flout rules and think that the best thing to do is to move fast and break things without respect for the impact that has on democracy and on society” were over.
In a statement Sunday, Wylie, 28, described themselves as “a curious and naive 23-year-old,” when they first went to work for Analytica.
It was their information about the firm's methods that were used by The New York Times and Britain's Observer to alert the world to the Facebook breach over the weekend.
“I do feel responsible for it and it's something that I regret,” Wylie says in a video interview posted on The Observer's web page.
“It was a grossly unethical experiment because you are playing with an entire country, the psychology of an entire country, without their consent or awareness.”
In an interview Monday on NBC's Today Wylie said Cambridge Analytica secured personal data in order to learn about individuals and then used it to create an information cocoon to change their perceptions.
“This is based on an idea called 'informational dominance,' which is the idea that if you can capture every channel of information around a person and then inject content around them, you can change their perception of what's actually happening,” Wylie said.
“This is a company that really took fake news to the next level.”
“It's a full-service propaganda machine,“ they said of Cambridge Analytica.
On Saturday, Trump's campaign denied using the firm's data, saying it relied on the Republican National Committee for its information.
In a statement Monday, Cambridge Analytica “strongly denied” the allegations that it had improperly obtained Facebook data. It also denied that the Facebook data was used by the Trump campaign.
Facebook has denied the data collection was a breach because people knowingly provided their information. The company has said University of Cambridge psychology professor Aleksandr Kogan accessed the information after they requested it from users who gave their consent when they chose to sign up for a test via a new Facebook app.
I feel a sense of regret every day when I see where they have helped take our world
Kogan ultimately provided more than 50 million raw profiles to Cambridge Analytica, said Wylie.
Facebook said it had hired a digital forensics firm to conduct a comprehensive audit of Cambridge Analytica to determine if the Facebook data the company collected still existed or if it had been destroyed.
Meanwhile, The Canadian Press reported Monday that years ago, Wylie worked in the office of former Liberal leader Michael Ignatieff. Wylie had already begun to develop strategies on how politicians could capitalize on data collected through social media, said a former senior Liberal insider who spoke on condition of anonymity.
At the time, the idea was viewed as too invasive and raised concerns with the Liberals, who declined to have anything to do with it, the insider told CP. Wylie's recommended data-collection approach spooked party officials to the point that it became an significant factor behind their decision not to renew their contract in 2009.
“Let's say they had boundary issues on data even back then,” said the insider, who noted that Wylie's descriptions of their methods in media reports sounded familiar.
“He effectively pitched an earlier version of exactly this to us back in 2009 and we said, 'No.”'
— With files from news services
Football notifications, social media and more
Get the latest scores and headlines sent straight to your phone, sign-up to our newsletter and learn where to find us on online.
The U.S. Energy Department said Tuesday that shipments to the nation's only underground nuclear waste repository are expected to resume in April, more than three years after they were halted in response to a radiation release that contaminated part of the facility.
Officials released plans for nearly 130 shipments from federal laboratories and other national defense sites over the next year. Those sites must demonstrate that they're ready to load the radioactive waste and that it meets new safety requirements.
The Waste Isolation Pilot Plant was forced to close in February 2014 after an inappropriately packed drum of waste ruptured. Some operations resumed in December after an expensive recovery effort that has yet to be fully completed.
Over the last three years, tons of waste left over from decades of nuclear weapons research and development has been stacking up at sites around the country, hampering the government's multibillion-dollar cleanup program.
Todd Shrader, manager of the DOE's Carlsbad Field Office, acknowledged that the suspension of disposal work posed challenges for the agency and the sites where waste has been building up.
"Resuming shipments from generator sites is important to support cleanup and ongoing missions at those sites," they said in a statement. "We look forward to doing that as soon and as safely as possible."
Most of the shipments will be coming from the Idaho National Laboratory. Both Los Alamos National Laboratory and Oak Ridge in Tennessee are expected to send off two dozen shipments each. Several other shipments are expected from Savannah River in South Carolina and the private Waste Control Specialists site in Texas.
The Energy Department said the exact schedule will be adjusted based on several factors, including logistical issues such as weather and how quickly the waste can be taken below ground once it arrives at the Waste Isolation Pilot Plant in southern New Mexico.
The waste includes gloves, tools, clothing and other materials.
It was a drum packed at Los Alamos that triggered the 2014 release. Investigators have said the incident could have been avoided had existing policies and procedures been followed.
In the wake of the incident, policies were overhauled and criteria for characterizing, treating and packaging the waste were bolstered.
Pointing to a history of mismanagement and lax oversight, watchdog groups had voiced concerns late last year that the federal government was moving too quickly to reopen the repository. Federal officials have argued that corrective actions were taken and that state regulators did not identify any issues that would prevent work from restarting.
Work to move the waste into its final resting place — disposal vaults carved out of an ancient salt formation about a half-mile below the surface — now takes more time because of the extra clothing, respirators and heavy monitoring devices that workers must wear to protect against the contamination. Limited ventilation also slows the work.
1:00 Cam Newton after season-ending loss: I need a rest, time away Pause
0:45 New Year's Eve in uptown Charlotte
0:52 Shoppers seek sales at area malls
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
1:28 Kemba Walker discusses Hornets win over Heat, joining 7,000-point club
5:49 Fayetteville police rescue woman and child from car trapped in flood waters live on Facebook
1:33 First Baby of 2017
1:24 Dog rescued after being buried alive in Italian earthquake
2:00 PRP and stem cell therapy gains popularity in Charlotte
Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson is a low-key former prosecutor known for delving into policy issues, but he's putting themselves and their state at the center of the national debate over the death penalty.
Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson is a low-key former prosecutor known for delving into policy issues, but he's putting themselves and their state at the center of the national debate over the death penalty.
Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson says he's hopeful the U.S. Supreme Court will allow the executions of two inmates to proceed, saying the victims' families have waited too long for justice.
Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson says he's hopeful the U.S. Supreme Court will allow the executions of two inmates to proceed, saying the victims' families have waited too long for justice.
(Arkansas Department of Correction, via AP, File). FILE - This 2013 file photo provided by the Arkansas Department of Correction shows Don William Davis, who has been scheduled for execution Monday, April 17, 2017.
(AP Photo/Kelly P. Kissel). Protesters gather outside the state Capitol building on Friday, April 14, 2017, in Little Rock, Ark., to voice their opposition to Arkansas' seven upcoming executions.
(Stephen B. Thornton/The Arkansas Democrat-Gazette via AP). People gather at a rally opposing the state's upcoming executions, on the front steps of Arkansas' Capitol, Friday, April 14, 2017, in Little Rock, Ark.
(Sherry Simon via AP). This photo provided by Sherry Simon shows Pulaski County Circuit Judge Wendell Griffen taking part of an anti-death penalty demonstration outside the Governor's Mansion Friday, April 14, 2017 in Little Rock, Ark.
(AP Photo/Kelly P. Kissel). Protesters gather outside the state Capitol building on Friday, April 14, 2017, in Little Rock, Ark., to voice their opposition to Arkansas' seven upcoming executions.
By ANDREW DeMILLO and SEAN MURPHYAssociated Press
VARNER, Ark. (AP) - The U.S. Supreme Court spared the life of an Arkansas inmate minutes before their death warrant was set to expire Monday, scuttling efforts to resume capital punishment after nearly 12 years in a state with an aggressive plan to carry out four double executions before its supply of a lethal injection drug expires.
The court's decision was the second time Don Davis had been granted a reprieve shortly before execution - they were within hours of death in 2010. It capped a chaotic day of legal wrangling in state and federal courts to clear the primary obstacles Arkansas faced to carrying out its first executions since 2005.
Davis had been served a last meal of fried chicken, rolls, beans, mashed potatoes and strawberry cake hours earlier, and witnesses were being moved toward the execution chamber when the Supreme Court ruled. The state was rushing to win approval to execute Davis before their death warrant expired at midnight.
Gov. Asa Hutchinson, who had set the schedule of multiple executions, said the state would continue to push for the other lethal injections to be carried out. Two inmates are set to be put to death on Thursday.
"While this has been an exhausting day for all involved, tomorrow we will continue to fight back on last minute appeals and efforts to block justice for the victims' families," Hutchinson said in a statement.
Davis was sentenced to death for the 1990 death of Jane Daniel in Rogers, Arkansas. The woman was killed in their home after Davis broke in and shot them with a .44-caliber revolver they found there.
"It is heartbreaking that the family of Jane Daniel has once again seen justice delayed," Attorney General Leslie Rutledge said in a statement. "Davis was convicted of their crimes in 1992."
The high court's order offered no explanation, but none of the justices voted in favor of lifting the stay. Monday marked the first day that the U.S. Supreme Court was in session with new Justice Neil Gorsuch on the bench.
The legal fighting had centered on a series of planned lethal injections that, if carried out, would mark the most inmates put to death by a state in such a short period since the U.S. Supreme Court reinstated the death penalty in 1976. The state scheduled the executions to take place before its supply of midazolam, a lethal injection drug, expires at the end of April. State and federal court rulings have stayed executions for two other inmates, and the state has yet to appeal those decisions.
Davis and Bruce Ward were originally set to be executed Monday night and had been granted stays by the state Supreme Court earlier that day. The state appealed the stay for Davis but decided not to challenge the stay for Ward. Attorneys had asked for the stay while the U.S. Supreme Court takes up a separate case concerning inmates' access to independent mental health experts.
"The Arkansas Supreme Court recognized that executing either man, before the Court answers this question...would be profoundly arbitrary and unjust," Scott Braden, an assistant federal public defender for the inmates, said earlier Monday
The U.S. Supreme Court ruling came hours after the state had cleared two of the main obstacles to resuming executions. The 8th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals reversed a federal judge's ruling blocking the executions over the use of midazolam, a sedative used in flawed executions in other states. The state Supreme Court also lifted a lower court ruling preventing the state from using another lethal injection drug that a supplier said was sold to be used for medical purposes, not executions.
Davis' execution would have come two years after Arkansas enacted a measure making secret the source of its lethal injection drugs, a move officials said was necessary to find new supplies. Despite the secrecy measure, prison officials have said it will be very difficult to find a supplier willing to sell Arkansas midazolam after its current stock expires.
___
DeMillo reported from Little Rock. Associated Press writers Jill Bleed in Little Rock and Kelly P. Kissel in Varner contributed to this report.
___
Follow Sean Murphy on Twitter at www.twitter.com/apseanmurphy and Andrew DeMillo at www.twitter.com/ademillo .
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
By Scott T. Sterling
U2 have revealed a heart-wrenching new short film to coincide with the band's latest single, “You're the Best Thing About Me.”
Related: U2 Send Love Letter to NYC in ‘You're the Best Thing About Me' Video
The documentary about love and separation features a newlywed military couple, high school sweethearts, a Syrian refugee family in Greece and a young couple from Mexico City. The film follows each couple for the final 24 hours they are together before one partner has to leave.
“It's a love song,” explained director Tatia Pilieva of the film. “What's interesting is not the bringing people together; it's the separation.”
Pilieva first came to prominence for their 2014 film First Kiss, where they invited 20 strangers to kiss for the first time on camera. After generating millions of views, it went on to win a Gold Lion at Cannes.
“The key for me is that when these people are saying goodbye, they are still very much in love,” they said of their U2 film. “I didn't want to film a bunch of breakups. I didn't want to put that into the world. I wanted to put out something positive. Yes, it's positively heartbreaking, but there's love all over it.”
Last week, the FDA announced an initiative to lower nicotine in cigarettes to “minimally or non-addictive levels,” in an effort to keep new smokers from getting hooked and wean current addicts from the unhealthy habit.
But will it really help longtime smokers who are already dependent on daily doses of nicotine?
“[The FDA initiative] is going to help people who aren't smoking yet,” more than it will help regular smokers, Dr. Donna Shelley of NYU Langone's tobacco cessation program tells The Post.
Furthermore, they acknowledge that some smokers could choose to simply smoke more to get their fix.
“It's a complicated issue,” Shelley says. “Studies have shown that smokers given low-nicotine cigarettes do not necessarily smoke more cigarettes per day than people given cigarettes with the normal level of nicotine.”
Scientists who research addiction are optimistic. Dramatically reducing nicotine levels in cigarettes could lead to “substantial reduction in tobacco-related mortality,” according to an analysis published by the New England Journal of Medicine. Those researchers believe that approximately 5 million additional adult smokers could quit smoking within a year of implementation.
Cigarette addiction is estimated to kill about 480,000 Americans each year, according to data from 2014.
Although Shelley hopes consumers won't view the new, low-dose cigarettes as “healthy” smokes — “There's no safe level of cigarette smoking, period,” they say — they believe the good outweighs any potential risks with this FDA effort.
“I think it's a landmark decision,” they say. “It's really a first step in decreasing the number of Americans in this country who are addicted to nicotine.”
A stay-at-home protest by Biafran separatists in Nigeria has crippled cities and towns in the south-east. Streets are empty and markets, banks and schools are closed to mark the abortive attempt in 1967 to gain independence for the region.
It led to a bitter three-year civil war in which more than one million people were killed.
The authorities have warned the secessionists against street protests and security forces are on patrol.
South-eastern Nigeria is mainly inhabited by the ethnic Igbo community, who often complain of marginalisation – accusing successive governments of failing to develop their areas.
In the last few years, there have been a resurgence of support for a breakaway state of Biafra led by the banned group Indigenous People of Biafra (Ipob) and the Movement for the Actualization of the Sovereign State of Biafra (Massob).
The BBC Igbo service says there has been a total shutdown in the Igbo heartland of Enugu and Anambra states.
This timber market in the oil hub of Port Harcourt was among the many businesses that observed the stay-away call
The southern oil city of Port Harcourt as well as parts of Abia state have also been affected by the stay-away.
People have been sending in photos to BBC Igbo of deserted streets, including one of the iconic Niger River Bridge in Onitsha, known as the gateway to the east, which is usually congested with traffic.
Ipob leader Nnamdi Kanu is currently facing treason-related charges.
They have not been seen in public since last September when their house was raided by the Nigerian military. The army denies arresting them and their whereabouts are unknown.
BBC
It was one of the most odd press conferences ever held. Nielsen, in the middle of announcing on Friday that it had flubbed the fall TV ratings because of a...
1:14 First baby of the year gets name from the Bible Pause
0:54 Big week for Peach County standout
1:17 Watch formerly conjoined twins Erika and Eva Sandoval meet for the first time after separation
1:48 'She was a brave young lady,' Brooklyn Rouse's aunt says
0:51 Macon grocer lists the must-have foods for New Year's Day
1:53 They were unable to survive, fire chief says of family of 3
5:44 Industrial Authority takes over bringing new industry to Macon-Bibb
0:40 Bob Denison volunteers to make the old new again
1:36 Nick Chubb on why he's returning for another year
A Cornelius girl who became the target of internet trolls because of facial deformities they were born with got a surprise visit over the weekend from Harlem Globetrotters star Hoops Green. Twitter video screen grab
This adviser could be to blame for Broadcom, iHeart's failures Sometimes M&A advisers pushing an aggressive strategy can get as roughed up as their clients. Such appears to be the case with standout restructuring adviser Ken Moelis after clients Broadcom...
iHeartMedia files for bankruptcy amid overwhelming debts iHeartMedia filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy on Thursday as the largest US radio station owner reached an in-principle agreement with creditors to restructure its overwhelming debt load. The company, which...
Toys 'R' Us is going out of business Toys ‘R' Us, the iconic toy retailer, will shutter or sell its stores in the United States after failing to find a buyer or reach a deal to restructure billions...
'Diva of Distressed' throws their funds into bankruptcy Lynn Tilton — known on Wall Street as the “Diva of Distressed” — just cried for the help of a bankruptcy judge. The flamboyant financier — who gained notoriety for...
Buyout firms' bankruptcy threats are losing their bite Buyout kings lately are having a harder time bullying creditors with bankruptcy threats. A year ago, lenders to radio broadcasting giant iHeart Media were getting threats from private-equity firms Bain...
iHeart pushes bankruptcy back one day for award show The creditors of iHeart are showing they have one when it comes to pushing America's biggest radio broadcaster into bankruptcy. They plan to put the company into bankruptcy Monday night,...
Relativity Media founder skirts $110M fraud suit The founder of Relativity Media has emerged unscathed from a $110 million fraud claim that accused their bankrupt studio of misusing loans designated for specific films. Ryan Kavanaugh had been...
'Blossom' actor Joey Lawrence files for bankruptcy Their finances became so dire they had to start selling their clothes at thrift stores.
1:55 Former Haiti coup leader Guy Philippe boards plane to Miami escorted by U.S. federal agents Pause
1:47 Preparation for inauguration of Haiti's new President Jovenel Moise
1:58 Haitian migrant in Brazil longs for home
2:44 One man's reforestation effort in Haiti destroyed by Hurricane Matthew
1:56 The man accused of killing a woman and their daughter made the 911 call
0:58 Wade on Riley: 'I have nothing to squash, I'm thankful for what we were able to build here'
0:35 Dwyane Wade gets thunderous applause when taking the court against the Miami Heat
0:40 Oroville dam break would flood almost 200,000 California residents in 7 hours
1:08 Dolphins Wake: I've been an underdog since day one
I'll sign in later
And we'll keep you signed in.
Sign in or Register
Why sign in to the BBC?
“Enemy of the American people,” #DishonestMedia, “garbage journalism,” #FakeNews.
These are some of the insults hurled at journalists in recent months in efforts to discredit the work of news organizations around the country.
Today marks the start of our colleague Austin Tice's sixth year of captivity in Syria. We at McClatchy want to tell you about them and other journalists who have risked and sometimes given their lives to bring us stories that would not otherwise be told.
Some have been tortured. Several have been imprisoned. At least three were murdered – simply for doing their jobs – in the past several years alone.
Daniel Pearl, Jean-Paul Kauffmann, Michel Seurat, Jason Rezaian, James Foley, Steven Sotloff and, of course, Austin Tice. Each dedicated themselves to reporting from the most dangerous parts of the world. At a time when the media is regularly scorned, it's worth remembering their sacrifices.
Kauffmann, a French journalist, was abducted along with a colleague, Michel Seurat, while covering the long-running Lebanese civil war in Beirut in 1985. Kauffmann was held for 1,078 days; Seurat died in captivity.
Danny Pearl, a foreign correspondent for The Wall Street Journal, went to Pakistan shortly after the Sept. 11 attacks. They were investigating the alleged link between al-Qaida and British citizen Richard Reid, commonly referred to as the failed shoe bomber.
On Jan. 23, 2002, on their way to what they thought was an interview, Danny – a former Journal colleague of mine – was kidnapped. Nine days later, they were beheaded. A gruesome video was released on the internet in February of that year. They left a wife and a child born four months after their death.
Jason Rezaian, an Iranian-American journalist who worked in the Tehran bureau of The Washington Post, was taken into custody by Iranian security forces on July 22, 2014. They were indicted for espionage and propaganda, convicted in a sham of a trial in 2015, but then released on Jan. 16, 2016.
James Foley, a freelance reporter and videographer who worked for GlobalPost and other news organizations, was abducted on Nov. 22, 2012, in northwestern Syria. Two years later, ISIS videotaped their beheading and posted it on YouTube.
Steven Sotloff, an American-Israeli journalist who worked for Time magazine, CNN, Fox News and others, was captured near the Syria border on Aug. 14, 2013. On Sept. 2, 2014, two weeks after Foley's execution, ISIS released a video showing the murder of Sotloff.
And then there is Austin, whose ordeal continues to this day. A Marine Corps veteran and a freelance correspondent for McClatchy, The Washington Post and others, Austin traveled to the Mideast, found media organizations to publish their work and made their way across the border into Syria. They focused largely on what the war meant for everyday citizens there.
Their reporting led to their kidnapping on Aug. 14, 2012. Video emerged five weeks after their disappearance, showing them surrounded by armed men. No one has claimed responsibility for their capture. Indications are he's being held by a branch of the Syrian government, which has denied any involvement.
The impact on their life, and that of their family (including their devoted parents Debra and Marc and their six younger brothers and sisters) has been heart-wrenching: Austin has spent much of their fourth decade (he turned 36 last Friday) as a captive. Their parents, who say they recently received new evidence that he's alive, have spent every day of these five years working for their release.
facebook Twitter email Share More Videos 0:45 Car rams into crowd of counter-protesters in Charlottesville, Va. Pause 2:24 White supremacy protests in Charlottesville, Va., devolve into a chaotic day of violence 2:02 Macon police officers take Bibb sheriff's oath in 2013 1:14 Solar eclipse an example of the 'universe in motion' 2:01 Jason Aldean performs "When They Say Baby" in Macon 1:07 Police spokesperson gives details on suspected home invasion homicide 2:01 Unidentified: Crash leads to grisly discovery 3:07 New company to invest $400 million, create 200 jobs 1:30 Northside teacher wants to check this one off their bucket list 0:42 Bibb schools 'virtual desktops' explained Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select
facebook
facebook Twitter
twitter email To Austin Tice, From your family Austin Tice was captured while reporting on the civil war in Syria on August 12, 2012. Since then, Marc, Debra and the Tice family have endured three consecutive Christmases without their son and brother. This will be the fourth. The Tices hope that viewers will consider sharing this video so that their Christmas wishes may eventually reach him. Jared L. Christopher The Star-Telegram
These journalists come from different walks of life, but they have one thing in common. They believe in a free press and the power of journalism. Their dedication took them to parts of the world where freedoms we enjoy do not exist, where governments and terrorist organizations will do anything to subvert the truth.
In this country, freedom of expression has been a tenet since the beginning. The benefits of a strong, independent press were addressed in the founding documents of our land. More than two centuries ago, our Founding Fathers recognized that a successful republican democracy cannot succeed without a strong press to hold “governmental officials to republican values, the strengthening of community and a check upon self-aggrandizing politicians.”
And journalism's contributions are not a recent phenomenon, either. Consider Lee Miller, Robert Capa, George Stevens, John Hershey, Michael Herr and Tim Hetherington, to name just a few. They are the people who captured the images seared in our global memory … of Auschwitz and other Nazi death camps, Hiroshima, Omaha Beach, Hue and Afghanistan.
That is why it is disheartening to see the press under attack from some of our leaders who are waging an ongoing campaign against the media, going so far as to call us the enemy of the people.
Craig Forman is president and CEO of the McClatchy Co.
We at McClatchy believe that when we make mistakes, it is part of our job to acknowledge errors and to uphold the trust of our audiences and neighbors – in the case of this and our dozens of McClatchy news organizations around the country. We are mindful of that trust and try to earn and keep it every day.
But Austin? They made no such mistakes. Their sole focus was to pursue truth on behalf of us all – in one of the most dangerous war zones on Earth. And that has cost them their freedom for the start of a sixth year.
Today, at the Sacramento headquarters of the McClatchy Co., we'll unveil a banner to mark the anniversary of Austin's captivity and to remind our communities of their story.
We can all be encouraged by the strong stance the Trump administration has taken to protect Americans abroad. The President's acting special envoy for hostage affairs said this week that Austin's case is a top priority. According to the New York Times, the Central Intelligence Agency has made entreaties with Syrian counterparts on Austin's behalf. Let us hope this might be the beginning of negotiations for their release.
And we hope that Austin's sacrifices resonate with all Americans. The work they have done, and the price they have paid, should be a reminder that even in a time of division and conflict, and perhaps particularly now, we rely on dedicated reporters such as Austin Tice to keep us informed.
Austin went to Syria to tell stories of real people in impossible situations. They have taught us all what it means to risk your life for liberty. It is time for their country to do what it takes to end their long ordeal and bring them home.
facebook Twitter email Share More Videos 0:45 Car rams into crowd of counter-protesters in Charlottesville, Va. Pause 2:24 White supremacy protests in Charlottesville, Va., devolve into a chaotic day of violence 2:02 Macon police officers take Bibb sheriff's oath in 2013 1:14 Solar eclipse an example of the 'universe in motion' 2:01 Jason Aldean performs "When They Say Baby" in Macon 1:07 Police spokesperson gives details on suspected home invasion homicide 2:01 Unidentified: Crash leads to grisly discovery 3:07 New company to invest $400 million, create 200 jobs 1:30 Northside teacher wants to check this one off their bucket list 0:42 Bibb schools 'virtual desktops' explained Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select
facebook
facebook Twitter
twitter email Vanished: The story of U.S. journalist Austin Tice missing in Syria McClatchy journalist Austin Tice went missing in Syria in 2012. Their family, friends and colleagues continue the search for them to this day. Editor's Note: This video was originally published on Aug. 12, 2014 (Jared L. Christopher/Star-Telegram)
Kidd, Nash among finalists for basketball Hall of Fame LOS ANGELES — Point guards could run the show in the next Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame class, with Jason Kidd and two-time NBA MVP Steve Nash among the...
Allen Iverson gives tribute to 'real love' ex-wife during speech Theirs was one of the most tumultuous love affairs in sports — mired in allegations of abuse, drinking and multimillion-dollar debt. But when NBA superstar Allen Iverson made their Basketball...
Shaq can't resist hilarious Kobe shout-out during Hall of Fame speech SPRINGFIELD, Mass. — When Shaquille O'Neal was 10 years old, their father made a prediction. Friday night when their son became a Hall of Famer, it was realized. Shaq and...
Knicks legend's quest to honor historic champs, before it's too late It was five years ago when a New York Post article prompted two-time Emmy award-winning director Eric Drath to contact Knicks legend Dick Barnett about their quest to have his...
This basketball Hall of Fame class is epic HOUSTON — Despite being elected to the Basketball Hall of Fame on Monday, Allen Iverson knows they still won't be able to shake their infamous rant about practice. “I'm in...
Michael Jordan's lawyers chime in on sports' best meme It's the meme shared 'round the world. A photograph of an emotional Michael Jordan taken during their 2009 induction into the Naismith Basketball Hall of Fame has become the go-to...
Moses Malone, NBA Hall of Famer, dies at 60 Moses Malone, a three-time NBA MVP and one of basketball's most ferocious rebounders, died Sunday. They were 60. Det. Jeffrey Scott of the police department in Norfolk, Virginia, confirmed that...
Alonzo Mourning leads Basketball Hall of Fame class DALLAS — Alonzo Mourning and NCAA championship-winning coaches Nolan Richardson and Gary Williams have been voted into the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame. Richardson was chosen 20 years after...
NBA Hall of Famer busted for loaded gun at airport SEATAC, Wash. — Hall of Fame center Bill Russell was arrested this week at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport after Transportation Security Administration officials found a loaded gun in their luggage. Russell...
Danica Patrick admits the prudent thing would have been to “just keep walking” when they were booed by fans last weekend at Pocono Raceway.
Instead, Patrick approached those fans and lectured them, telling them “I have feelings.''
Patrick also told the fans: “My job is to not sign autographs, right? My job is to drive the car and tell the crew chief what is going on. I don't appreciate the boos. It hurts my feelings.''
While in Boston on Wednesday to promote next month's race at New Hampshire Motor Speedway, Patrick discussed what happened at Pocono.
They said they “had a moment,'' according to The Associated Press.
“Every now and again they just catch you in a moment, and I had a moment,” they said.
The episode started when Patrick was walking from pit road to the garage after qualifying at Pocono. Fans were cordoned on both sides to allow teams to pass by. An adult male fan slipped through and nearly reached Patrick before a security guard physically restrained the individual. The fan appeared to be holding something to sign.
Patrick turned to see what happened and kept walking. A few fans booed them and that's when they turned and walked toward those fans.
They said Wednesday they didn't sign for that man stopped by security because they “didn't feel it was right to honor that person for disrespecting the security guard.”
Patrick's comment to the fans that it's not their job to sign autographs has ignited a debate among NASCAR drivers on if it is their job.
Kevin Harvick, a teammate to Patrick at Stewart-Haas Racing, said on their SiriusXM NASCAR Radio show “Happy Hours” this week that: “I feel like signing autographs is 100 (percent) a part of my job description. It's just something that you should do.
“I feel like the fans are a big part of what we do. For me, it's important to support the fan base and the people that we have to give them what they want. I used to be one of those guys … ‘Dang it, I don't want to stop and sign autographs,' or ‘I don't want to do the autograph session.' … I believe signing autographs is definitely a part of what you do and a responsibility of every driver in that garage.''
Ryan Blaney, who scored their first career Cup win last weekend at Pocono, addressed the issue on their podcast “The Glass Case of Emotion” on Wednesday.
“I don't think it's part of our job to sign autographs, I think it's something that we should do,'' Blaney said. “I like to do it a lot. If you're worried about getting to your car, go early to where you have 10 minutes to stop and sign for fans. I mainly try to sign for kids. That's my priority.''
Dale Earnhardt Jr. also talked about the issue on their podcast, the Dale Jr. Download, this week.
“I hate it for Danica because it paints them in a bad light, but they brought it on herself,'' Earnhardt said. “You never know when a camera's rolling, whose watching. It's certainly true in that case.”
Earnhardt said signing autographs can help them if he's frustrated with their performance.
“The thing is I have found that what makes me feel better is actually going and signing autographs because the fans talk to you and go ‘I saw your qualifying, I saw it wasn't very good. No problem, you're going to get them tomorrow,'” Earnhardt said.
“That's all you really want to hear, from whoever is going to tell you that. You're feeling like crap, you're disappointed. … Actually going to talk to the fans and hearing their reinforcement, their positive reinforcement is good for me. I kind of seek that out in those moments because I know once I go through that process of signing some autographs, talking and interacting, you kind of get your priorities readjusted, what's important.''
Follow @dustinlong and on Facebook
A look at the form of English clubs in the Champions League as Manchester United, Manchester City, Chelsea, Tottenham and Liverpool find out who they have drawn in the last 16
Red Sox starting pitcher Steven Wright was arrested and charged with domestic assault against their wife Friday night at their Tennessee home.
According to a statement attributed to the Wright family through lawyer Alex Little, Wright did not “raise their hand at anyone” in the incident with spouse Shannon.
“Steven was arrested at our home following a verbal argument, and the police charged them with domestic assault,” the statement to NBC Boston read. “Although they said things they deeply regret, they did not raise their hand at anyone during the incident, and the situation was purely emotional. We are working together as a family to make our relationships stronger, and we ask that you respect our privacy as we do so.”
Wright is out of jail and has not commented. The Red Sox said they are aware of the situation and indicated MLB is investigating.
“We are aware of the incident involving Steven,” the team said in a statement. “This is certainly a matter that the Red Sox take very seriously. It is my understanding that both local police and Major League Baseball are looking into this and for that reason, the club won't have any further comment at this time.”
The league has a Joint Domestic Violence, Sexual Assault and Child Abuse policy implemented last season, through which players such as Aroldis Chapman and Jeurys Familia have been suspended.
Wright, a 33-year-old knuckleballer, has been with Boston five seasons and was an All-Star in 2016. Last year they made just five starts before knee surgery ended their season.
DETROIT — Airbags in some Hyundai and Kia cars failed to inflate in crashes and four people are dead. Now the U.S. government's road safety agency wants to know why.
The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration says it's investigating problems that affect an estimated 425,000 cars made by the Korean automakers. The agency also is looking into whether the same problem could happen in vehicles made by other companies.
In documents posted on its website Saturday, the safety agency says the probe covers 2011 Hyundai Sonata midsize cars and 2012 and 2013 Kia Forte compacts. The agency says it has reports of six front-end crashes with significant damage to the cars. Four people died and six were injured.
The problem has been traced to electrical circuit shorts in airbag control computers made by parts supplier ZF-TRW. NHTSA now wants to know if other automakers used the same computer.
A new Hyundai on display in Detroit, Michigan, Jan. 15, 2018. The NHTSA is investigating a series of deadly crashes in which airbags in Hyundai and Kia cars failed to inflate. Jim Watson / AFP - Getty Images
On Feb. 27, Hyundai recalled nearly 155,000 Sonatas due to airbag failures, which the company blamed on the short circuits. Hyundai's sister automaker Kia, which sells similar vehicles, has yet to issue a recall.
In a statement Saturday, Kia said that it has not confirmed any airbag non-deployments in its 2002-2013 Kia Forte models arising from "the potential chip issue." The company said it will work with NHTSA investigators.
"Kia will act promptly to conduct a safety recall, if it determines that a recall would be appropriate," the company said.
But a consumer complaint cited in NHTSA's investigation documents said Kia was informed of a crash near Oakland in which airbags failed to deploy and a passenger was killed.
Related: Over 652K Vehicles Involved in The Latest Takata Airbag Recall
In October 2015, the complainant told NHTSA that a 2012 Forte was involved in a serious front-end crash that occurred in July 2013. A passenger was killed and the driver was injured. According to the complaint, Kia was notified, the airbag computer was tested and it was "found not to be working."
People who complain to the NHTSA are not identified in its database. It was unclear whether the agency verified the complainant's statement. A message was left Saturday for agency spokespersons.
Kia spokesperson James Bell said they could not comment beyond the company's statement.
In addition, no deaths or injuries were disclosed in Hyundai's recall documents, which were posted by NHTSA in early March.
Hyundai spokesperson Jim Trainor says the problem occurred in rare high-speed head-on collisions that were offset from the center of the vehicles. "It's very unusual to have that kind of collision," they said Saturday.
Dealers will consider offering loaner cars to owners until the problem can be repaired, they said. "We certainly would do everything we can to help our customers," Trainor said.
Hyundai said in a statement that the airbag control circuitry was damaged in three crashes and a fourth crash is under investigation.
ZF-TRW said in a statement that it is prevented by confidentiality agreements from identifying other automakers who bought its airbag control computers. The company said it is working with customers and supports the NHTSA investigation.
According to NHTSA, Hyundai investigated and found the problem was "electrical overstress" in the computers. The company didn't have a fix developed at the time but said it was investigating the problem with ZF-TRW. Hyundai does not yet have a fix for the problem but said it expects the Sonata recall to start April 20. The problem also can stop the seat belts from tightening before a crash.
Related: Airbag Maker Takata Will Reportedly File for Bankruptcy
In the documents, NHTSA said it understands that the Kia Fortes under investigation use similar airbag control computers made by ZF-TRW. The agency noted a 2016 recall involving more than 1.4 million Fiat Chrysler cars and SUVs that had a similar problem causing the airbags not to deploy. Agency documents show those vehicles had airbag computers made by ZF-TRW.
The agency says it will evaluate the scope of Hyundai's recall, confirm Kia's use of the same or similar airbag control computers and look into the cause. It also will investigate whether "any other vehicle manufacturers used the same or similar" ZF-TRW computers and whether there have been any similar airbag failures.
The agency says four crashes occurred in Sonatas and two happened in Fortes. One Forte crash happened in Canada. All six crashes were reported to NHTSA between 2012 and 2017, but it was unclear when they occurred.
In May of last year, NHTSA opened an investigation into whether Hyundai and Kia moved quickly enough to recall more than 1.6 million cars and SUVs because the engines can stall, increasing the risk of a crash. The investigation into three recalls by the two brands is pending. The agency also said it's investigating whether the automakers followed safety reporting requirements.
Chris Bosh's mom denies drug charges, says son is evicting them
The mother of Chris Bosh is denying any ties to a drug trafficking operation and has a pretty good explanation for what's going on.
The DeSoto, Texas home where Freida Bosh has been living, which is owned by their son, Chris, was raided on Friday morning by police in a drug sting. Police believed crack cocaine and heroin were being trafficked from the home.
Freida spoke with TMZ Sports in an interview published on Monday to explain their side. They say that they and their son Chris have a deteriorating relationship and they have been trying to evict them from the home. They told TMZ Sports that they took on short-term tenants to help raise money to pay for their legal bills to fight the eviction.  They are blaming one of those short-term tenants for creating the drug mess.
No arrests have been made in the drug case yet.
Chris Bosh, 33, is an 11-time NBA All-Star but has not played in the league since the 2015-16 season due to blood clots. They recently said they are still open to continuing their career. Their family says they are hoping to reconcile matters.
Ten-year-old cancer patient Logan Schoenhardt, who in December lived out their dream of meeting Patriots quarterback Tom Brady, has died.
Schoenhardt's story gained national attention during a social-media campaign that brought the Connecticut boy's wish to the attention of the Patriots and Brady. They passed away Monday, according to Ray Lagan, the head of the Masters School in Simsbury, where Logan was a fourth-grade student.
Logan visited with Brady at the team's facility in Foxborough, Mass., and was named the team's honorary captain for its Dec. 4 win over the Los Angeles Rams.
Patriots owner Robert Kraft offered their condolences in a statement Tuesday, saying the team has met some great fans over the years, “but none that could rival Logan's passion for the Patriots and their love for Tom Brady.”
Schoenhardt had been fighting since they were diagnosed with a brain tumor when they were 3, according to ESPN's E:60 feature on the boy's empowering relationship with the Patriots.
“He knows he's never going to play football, which they would dearly love to do. So they live through them, especially Brady,” Jo Schoenhardt, Logan's mother, said in the video.
After multiple surgeries, radiation treatments and rounds of chemotherapy, Schoenhardt's tumor returned in 2016, the year following the Patriots' comeback victory over the Seahawks in Super Bowl XLIX. Before their sixth brain surgery in seven years, Schoenhardt asked the doctor to engrave Brady's No. 12 on the side of their skull.
“Given what it might do for them from a morale perspective,” said Dr. Jonathan Martin, Schoenhardt's surgeon, “I said, ‘Why not?'”
When Schoenhardt stepped into the Patriots' facility in December, the player they looked up to for inspiration finally was more than a just a number.
“He is a special young man,” Brady said after their meeting, according to ESPN. “Just to have a chance to know their story has been very humbling and certainly gives me a lot of perspective.”
Brady opened up about their mother, Galynn's, cancer diagnosis following Super Bowl LI, dedicating the Patriots' remarkable win over the Falcons to “the best mom in the world.”
With AP
A former top aide to Mayor Bill de Blasio is taking over the NYPD press office — and a police union boss accused Hizzoner of using the department as a “political tool.”
Phillip Walzak, who served as campaign manager, senior adviser and press secretary for de Blasio, is taking over for outgoing Deputy Commissioner of Public Information Stephen Davis.
“Phil showed me they are level-headed, dedicated, and thoroughly experienced,” Police Commissioner James O'Neill said in a statement. “He understands the NYPD's vital mission to maintain New York's stature as the safest large city in America.”
But the announcement prompted an outcry from two of the city's police unions.
“This is the clearest sign yet that the de Blasio administration thinks the NYPD's primary mission is to serve as a political tool, not protect public safety for all New Yorkers,” Patrolmen's Benevolent Association President Patrick Lynch said.
Lynch has been at loggerheads with the mayor's office over the release of body-worn camera footage that they want kept secret with police officers' disciplinary records.
“With the Mayor's former campaign manager now overseeing information given to the press — including the body-worn camera footage that the Mayor and the Police Commissioner have pledged to release in violation of state law — how can either police officers or the public have any confidence that it will be dispensed with an eye towards safety and justice and not filtered through a purely political lens?” Lynch said.
The cameras were ordered by a federal judge to promote police accountability. The department's public information office has been releasing the footage of police involved shootings to the media on a regular basis over the objections of the PBA.
The head of the Sergeants Benevolent Association was also critical of the Walzak move.
“I'm sure Mr. Walzak is experienced,” said SBA President Ed Mullins. “However, this is an interesting selection. Of the many highly talented media personalities in the selection pool, it seems the Commissioner expects us all to believe the Mayor's Office had the best people. I guess we will see if the NYPDs communications are separate from City Hall and this was in fact the Commissioner's choice as claimed.”
A police source said several members of O'Neill's top staff went to them last week to oppose Walzak's appointment when they heard whispers of it.
“They like Phil,” the source said. “They think he's a smart guy, but they don't think that it's acceptable for a political press person, the mayor's former right hand guy, to be sent over to run communications for the police department.”
Walzak worked as de Blasio's press secretary from 2014 to 2015, and as senior adviser for Strategic Planning in their office from 2015 to 2016.
“The NYPD and New York City have set the standard for American policing, and are again raising the bar,” Walzak said. “I am honored and humbled to be part of this incredibly important mission.”
Davis, who has been in DCPI since 1987 and held the top job there for four years, will serve their last official day on March 30.
They were an NYPD member and retired from that role as a captain in 1992.
Stop Wasting Time
More than half (54%) of global information workers are interrupted from their work a few times or more per month to spend time looking for or trying to get access to information, insights, and answers. The problem: Old keyword-based enterprise search engines of the past are obsolete. Cognitive search is the new generation of enterprise search that uses artificial intelligence (AI) to return results that are more relevant to the user or embedded in an application issuing the search query. Forrester defines cognitive search and knowledge discovery solutions as
A new generation of enterprise search solutions that employ AI technologies such as natural language processing and machine learning to ingest, understand, organize, and query digital content from multiple data sources.
Cognitive search solutions are different because they:
Read the entire article here, Cognitive Search Is The AI Version Of Enterprise Search
via the fine folks at Forrester Research.
Image copyright AFP
In our series of letters from African journalists, Ghanaian writer Elizabeth Ohene explains why they back the Swazi monarch's move to rename their country.
As the 50th birthday of King Mswati III approached on 19 April 2018, all indications pointed towards something dramatic taking place.
King Mswati being who they are, many speculated they might outdo themselves and marry two or three new brides at once rather than adding just one to the 13 they already had, as is their normal practice.
The king had wanted their country to celebrate its 50th independence anniversary on their birthday even though independence was won on 6 September 1968.
Clearly King Mswati wanted to leave no doubts in anybody's mind that they themselves was the state.
After all they and the state came into being in the same year, 1968, and they would celebrate their golden jubilee together.
As things turned out, the big announcement had nothing to do with the king acquiring a new wife. They simply announced they were changing the country's name.
The country we all used to call the Kingdom of Swaziland will now be known as the Kingdom of eSwatini.
Lesser-known facts about eSwatini/Swaziland:
Image copyright AFP
Africa's last remaining absolute monarchy
A landlocked country, smaller than the US state of New Jersey
King Mswati III currently has 13 wives; their predecessor had 125
They can choose a new spouse at the annual reed dance (pictured above), a cultural event celebrating chastity and virginity
Sugar is its main export earner
Has the world's highest prevalence rate for HIV/Aids
Low life expectancy with 54 years for men, 60 for women
The headache of changing a country's name
YouTube lifts Swazi breast restrictions
More about the country
Coming as I do from Ghana, I feel I must have sympathy for this move.
We changed our name at independence, going from the colonial-imposed "Gold Coast" to Ghana.
It might have taken them 50 years to do so, but if they have decided to correct what must be a colonial imposition of calling their country Swaziland, everybody should wish them well.
After all, eSwatini, we are told, simply means "land of the Swazis" - in other words, Swaziland.
It is not exactly like Ghana where we went back into history to claim a heritage that is still argued over.
Will South Africa become 'Azania'?
Other countries in the eSwatini neighbourhood did it without causing too much drama.
Very few people remember that Botswana got its name at independence and until then, was known as Bechuanaland.
Elizabeth Ohene:
Image copyright Elizabeth Ohene
"The trick is to change the country's name at independence and not wait until years later"
The same goes for Malawi, which until independence was known and called Nyasaland.
Zambia was Northern Rhodesia and who will ever forget that Zimbabwe was previously named Rhodesia?
The trick is to do it at independence and not wait until years later.
Every once in a while I wonder if one of these days we might wake up to the news that South Africa has decided to rename itself "Azania".
Image copyright AFP Image caption Thomas Sankara changed Upper Volta to Burkina Faso, meaning "land of the upright men", in 1984
Back in the 1970s and 1980s and indeed up until the 1994 democratic elections, there were lots of people who assumed liberation from apartheid would bring a change of name to Azania.
If King Mswati III wanted to be really brave they could have followed the example of the late military leader of the country once called Upper Volta, Thomas Sankara, who jettisoned that colonial name in favour of the somewhat dramatic Burkina Faso, which means "the land of the upright men".
Or, King Mswati III could have renamed their country whatever the Swazi rendition is for "the land of many wives".
For the moment, we shall stick to the boring eSwatini.
More Letters from Africa
Follow us on Twitter @BBCAfrica, on Facebook at BBC Africa or on Instagram at bbcafrica
GYMPIE is set for a chilly start to winter with the Bureau of Meteorology forecasting minimum temps to hover between 5 and 7 degrees over the next few days before a warm change early next week.
While last year's first day of winter was slightly colder at 4.4 degrees, there have not been two consecutive single figures starts to winter since 2011
BoM forecaster Annabelle Ford said the low temps were a result of a cold front making its way through southeast Queensland.
"It is set to continue over the next couple of days so we will still get those southerly winds.
"There will be sunny days but chilly mornings,” they said.
The cold front stems from a high pressure system over southern Australia and is shifting slowly east over south eastern Australia over the next few days.
With the relative humidity currently at 46 per cent, the cold snap is affecting the entire southern Queensland corner up to Hervey Bay.
Yesterday, Roma and Oakey recorded minimums of around 0 degrees, while Stanthorpe was minus 1.
The BoM yesterday released its 2018 winter outlook which follows one of Australia's warmest autumns on record and its second-warmest summer on record.
Southern mainland Australia has also had one of its driest autumns on record.
For Gympie, we will not see rain at least for another week or two with the BoM predicting only a small chance of a shower within the next fortnight.
Australia's main climate drivers, El-Nino-Southern Oscillation and the Indian Ocean Dipole are in a neutral phase, meaning there is no strong shift in the outlook towards widespread wetter or drier conditions, according to the Bureau.
11:06
Cooper on HB2: 'Today, the legislature had the chance to do the right thing for NC and they failed'
An elderly professor who's been teaching at Columbia University for more than 50 years preyed on a female doctoral student and sexually harassed them for two years, a new lawsuit alleges.
The now 29-year-old woman claims the harassment began when they were a graduate student in 2014, when William V. Harris, a celebrated history professor and longtime program director at the school, duped them into believing they were a trusted confidant, according to the Manhattan federal court complaint filed Monday.
After inviting the woman to work for him, the then 75-year-old educator began coming onto their — inappropriately groping and kissing them in their office while pressuring them to have sex with him, the suit alleged.
They also asked that they send them “sexually explicit emails.”
Harris, who specializes in ancient Greek and Roman history, allegedly told the woman that they were being “too emotional” when they complained about their unwanted passes.
Things turned sour after the anonymous woman withdrew from their work with Harris, as well as from Columbia, during the 2015-16 school year to seek counseling for their extreme “psychological distress.”
That's when the geriatric professor began badmouthing them to other staffers and students, saying they dropped out without due cause.
The woman, who still teaches at the Ivy League school, said Columbia was well aware of Harris' predatory behavior, which has been going on for “decades,” but that the school turned a “blind eye” to it.
They also claimed Harris targeted many other female students.
“When students have reported sexual harassment to Columbia's administrators, officers, and employees …Columbia has shown deliberate indifference to their complaints,” the suit said.
In an email, Harris said they had no comment on the allegations.
“We treat any claim of harassment or other gender-based misconduct in our community with the utmost seriousness, but we do not comment in the press on allegations made in legal complaints,” Columbia said in a statement.
“Columbia pays lip service to the ideals of a safe campus,” said David Sanford, one of the woman's lawyers. “However, the institution has demonstrated deliberate indifference to complaints of sexual harassment. Jane Doe is now among the women harmed by Columbia University trustees' callous disregard for students' safety, psychological health, and emotional well being.”
First came the bitcoin boom, now come the bitcoin-led recession warnings. But let's be serious: There have been two recent, painful experiences with financial bubbles bursting, and bitcoin doesn't resemble either one.
Truth is, the bitcoin BTCUSD, -3.61% trading market is so small, the first billions made are all there is to lose. When the bitcoin bust happens, it will not be a “Lehman moment” that affects how you and I'm making a living.
If bitcoin went to zero today, the maximum paper loss would be the value of all bitcoins in circulation, a not insignificant $276 billion as of Dec. 8. In fact, the stakes are nowhere near that, since most owners paid much less than the current price.
Bloomberg reports that an estimated 1,000 people own 40% of the bitcoin in circulation — the Winklevoss twins, who almost-but-didn't-quite co-found Facebook before falling out with Mark Zuckerberg, together own about $1.5 billion worth.
Most of those 1,000 people dominating the market probably paid far less than the $1,000 per coin bitcoin cost just six months ago. The twins reportedly paid less than $11 million for their stash in 2010, a fraction of what Facebook paid them to go away
If the 16.7 million bitcoins in circulation attracted, on average, $1,000 of investment in real money (rather than paper gains on bitcoin trading used to buy more), then sunk-cash investment is about equal to the current market value of Dr Pepper Snapple Group DPS, +0.39%
To the U.S. economy, $17 billion is nothing. Even $276 billion is a loss that can be borne. Neither will make the coming bitcoin bust anything like the 2000 dot-com crash or the 2008 collapse of the U.S. housing market.
Even the dot-com implosion didn't cause a recession by itself. A bust in telecom capital investment and the end of the surge in technology investment after Y2K passed without incident also contributed. When that spending evaporated, a downturn followed. The 2001 dip wasn't even much of a recession. It lasted eight months, and the unemployment rate peaked at 6.3%, not much above what early-1990s economists considered full employment.
The 2008-09 recession was much worse, and the triggers it were far more powerful. The housing equity alone lost in that bust reached $7 trillion. The notional value of credit default swaps in the market was more than $60 trillion. The U.S. stock market lost $10 trillion in value, and U.S. households shed $16 trillion in net worth.
At my assumed $17 billion in sunk investment into bitcoin, the global effects of bitcoin going to zero overnight — which it won't -— are about those of Dr. Pepper going bankrupt, or of Netflix NFLX, -1.23% shedding $35 a share after a bad quarter. Netflix dropped $23 a share last summer — did you even notice? In fact, bitcoin lost $10 billion in value just while I was writing this article. I was so upset I made tea.
To be sure, bitcoin's bust could make securities firms sweat if they unwisely extended credit to speculators. So they shouldn't. And commodities exchanges shouldn't make things worse by creating leveraged bitcoin derivatives, although they are beginning to. Bitcoin futures XBTF8, -4.61% started trading Sunday.
And it goes without saying that spending thousands of dollars for an electronic token someone tells you is “money” is stupidity defined. Don't do it.
But unless commodities markets make bitcoin a multi-trillion problem, its bust will burn speculators and not much else. The rest of us will return our attention to mutual funds and ordinary investing concerns, like drivers rubbernecking at a roadside fender-bender and then continuing on their way.
AP Photo/Tony Gutierrez
FRISCO, Texas (AP) — Ezekiel Elliott plopped a cowboy hat on their head and flashed a wide smile that made them look like someone closing in on a few weeks of vacation.
“Feel like a real cowboy,” the star Dallas running back said after the second-to-last offseason practice Wednesday. “Do I look the part?”
Hard to say with the beard, but they looked the part in what mattered last year: NFL rushing champion as a rookie fourth overall draft pick. Now the question is the encore, and the offseason handling of a known commodity at a position predisposed to short careers.
“We don't really talk about taking it easy,” offensive coordinator Scott Linehan said. “I think we're pushing forward with him. We've got to still manage that for him. But certainly we'll want to amp it up this year as far as their ability to affect the game in the run game and the pass game.”
Elliott missed the first week of offseason practices after hitting their head as a passenger in a car accident, the second straight year they were involved in a car wreck during the offseason program.
Still not cleared by the NFL despite authorities dropping a domestic case in Ohio last year, Elliott made headlines again in March when they pulled down a woman's shirt during a St. Patrick's Day parade. As a result, questions about their off-field activities persist.
Running backs coach Gary Brown says they see a more disciplined Elliott, and the former Ohio State star acknowledged easing up on their nightlife in recent weeks as the team's offseason program accelerated.
“You learn from your mistakes,” Elliott said. “And if you don't, it could be brutal. Just part of life.”
When Elliott reports to training camp after a five-week break, he'll be preparing for what figures to be a similar workload after they led the NFL with 322 carries for their league-best 1,631 yards.
Because Elliott is a good blocker and pass-catcher, the Cowboys really don't have a reason to take their All-Pro off the field, except they know they must.
And that's why the question comes up even though Elliott turns just 22 the day the team is scheduled to arrive in California.
“You have to learn how much your body can take,” said Elliott, the fifth rookie to lead the NFL in rushing since the 1970 merger.
“That's really important, so developing a routine, week in, week out, that will keep you fresh, that will keep you from having those nagging injuries.”
Quarterback Dak Prescott was the fellow rookie sensation who helped the Cowboys to a 13-3 record and top seed in the NFC before losing to Green Bay in a divisional playoff. The NFL Offensive Rookie of the Year faces the same encore question.
“We're going to get better together,” said Prescott, who set rookie records in passer rating (104.9) and completion rate (67.8 percent). “He's kind of my partner in crime. If I need something, he's going to make sure on the field and off the field it happens.”
Elliott had a 60-yard score and an 83-yard touchdown on a screen pass as a rookie, but breakaway runs top their list of ways to improve in their second season. Brown said drills where Elliott tries to elude defensive backs are one way to work on what they call second-level running.
“You try to come up with different creative ways to keep them motivated, other than the way they are motivated already by just being better,” Brown said. “But you've still got to give them more. You don't want it to get stale.”
Elliott is listening.
“You can say I've proven myself, but I've got to keep doing that,” they said. “So it's all just kinda learning this offense inside out and kind of learning more beyond what I do.”
—
More AP NFL: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP-NFL
Comments
comments
Discouraging case for allowing MLB cheaters into Hall of Fame Time to give up the ghosts. Like the games themselves, Halls of Fame have changed. Standards are diminished, disappearing. They're fewer Halls of Fame than Houses of Cards. Baseball's —...
Barry Bonds earns another step of MLB forgiveness Barry Bonds still hasn't found their way to Cooperstown, but they are getting one permanent place of MLB recognition in 2018. The Giants announced Tuesday they will retire Bonds' No....
The two faces of baseball's steroid era could be stuck in neutral When Joe Morgan talked, did people listen? The finger-wagging Hall of Famer, who created a galactic stir in November when they urged voters not to vote for players linked to...
Chipper Jones leads way in crowded Hall of Fame class It's gonna be one crowded platform … but not as crowded as it could have been. Four players have gained election into the Baseball Hall of Fame via the writers'...
Post's 11 Hall of Fame voters would produce a historic class The Baseball Hall of Fame Class of 2018 will be announced Wednesday night, and it could be one of the largest groups in the sport's history. There are 11 voters...
The 'small' Hall of Fame that gets some nostalgic is a myth Illegal performance-enhancing drugs. Analytics versus the eye test. Those matters went as hard as they could for as long as they could in the Schitt's Creek that is the annual...
'Taking steroids': Blurry Hall of Fame lines 'idiots' must consider It is Hall of Fame week or what I like to think of as the week I will be called an idiot (or worse) more than in all of the...
My crowded Hall of Fame ballot, with no regard for the 'sacred place' “Many of us have come to think that silence will be considered complicity. Or that fans might think we are ok if the standards of election to the Hall of...
Hall of Fame's steroid nonsense hurting legends, not candidates Tom Glavine sounded annoyed and Ivan Rodriguez terrified. Gaylord Perry sounded just fine with discussing it, although their words covered all bases as craftily (if not as illegally) as he...
Many Downtown Scranton roads closed ahead of Tuesday's fireworks
Senator honors Vietnam-era veterans at Scranton ceremony SCRANTON — For 30 or so Vietnam-era veterans gathered in the city Monday, pins presented by a U.S. senator served as a simple yet, in some cases, long-overdue salute from a grateful nation. (read more)
Kids sought in pizzeria fireworks prank NANTICOKE — A group of juveniles lit off fireworks inside a Nanticoke pizza restaurant Sunday, filling the business with smoke and clearing it of customers, the business owner said. (read more)
Water rates to drop Pennsylvania American Water joins two other regional utilities in passing savings from the new federal tax law to its customers. (read more)
Image copyright EPA Image caption Arcade Fire's Everything Now is the most popular hi-res album on the Qobuz site
High-resolution sites are proving music to the ears of fans who want the best possible sound.
Ever since the first CD was produced - 35 years ago this month - the music industry has been trying to sell fans new formats on the basis of better sound quality.
The shiny silver discs were meant to banish the crackle and hiss of vinyl forever and were marketed as a boon for audiophiles.
But at the same time, they were more convenient, being smaller and offering the chance to play tracks in any order you liked. And you didn't have to turn them over to hear the second half of an album.
What record company executives didn't realise was that it was the convenience, rather than the better sound quality, that was the main draw for consumers. That's why the rise of the relatively low-quality MP3 file caught record companies on the hop.
The download is fading from popularity as consumers embrace streaming instead, but most streamed music services use the same digital compression techniques as MP3 files did.
So is top-notch sound quality no longer important? Some firms disagree and are promoting high-resolution digital music.
Image caption The SACD and DVD-Audio formats failed to fly
"Is MP3 as interesting as it was 10 years ago? Not really, because bandwidth has improved," says Malcolm Ouzeri, head of marketing at French streaming and download provider Qobuz, founded in 2007.
"Now the industry is going towards more quality."
The music industry placed bets on high-end sound quality before. It came up with two new types of silver discs - the Super Audio CD (SACD) in 1999, followed by the DVD-Audio disc a year later.
The ensuing format war, plus the need to buy new hardware, didn't help matters. But what really killed their chances was the launch of Apple's iPod in 2001, which established the compressed MP3 digital file as the mass-market way to hear music.
"Like Monty Python's Spanish Inquisition, nobody expected the iPod," says independent audio consultant Garry Margolis.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Apple's first iPod went on sale in 2001
"Apple made it easy for the average consumer to buy music and carry it in a convenient package.
"The money that consumers would have spent on high-resolution surround sound instead went to portable music, and the demand needed to establish a viable hi-resolution format never materialised."
But now, nearly two decades later, another business model for high-end audio is up and running. In its native France, Qobuz has 4% of the digital music market with its unashamedly niche offer of uncompressed streams and downloads.
More Technology of Business
Image copyright Getty Images
"Our goal is to be a service with one million customers worldwide," says Qobuz chief executive Denis Thebaud.
"Qobuz is not a brand for everyone. It's not a brand where we want to have 100 million users. Our goal is really to satisfy the most discerning music lovers, the ones who are the most passionate about music."
And at £349.99 a year for its top-end Sublime+ service, offering both streaming and downloads at the highest quality, only those with deep pockets as well as sensitive ears are likely to be signing up to the site.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Lana Del Rey's latest release, Lust for Life, is proving popular with Qobuz users
Some kinds of music are really not well served by the MP3 system of encoding, which is designed to preserve the elements that the human ear can hear and discard the rest.
Classical music aficionados, for instance, have never been keen on that kind of sonic compression.
But Qobuz, along with rivals Tidal and Deezer Elite, offers streaming of "lossless audio" that throws nothing away.
The highest quality MP3 has a bit-rate of 320kbps, while a hi-res file can go as high as 9,216kbps. Music CDs are transferred at 1,411kbps.
"The artists want to have their music played as it was recorded. More and more albums are in hi-resolution," says Mr Ouzeri.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Neil Young is planning a new hi-res streaming site
This means that musical genres traditionally associated with hi-fi buffs are particularly popular on their firm's service.
"On Qobuz, different things are being listened to. At the end of the day, more royalties go to those things that have difficulty surviving in the digital world," Mr Ouzeri adds. "Classical music and jazz have this important role."
If you're looking for hi-resolution downloads in the 16-bit or 24-bit Flac format, Qobuz also offers those, as do other sites including 7digital.
Other services, such as Neil Young's now-dormant Pono venture, have tried and failed to enter the same download market. However, the rocker has vowed to return to the world of hi-res music with Xstream, which they call "the next generation of streaming".
Qobuz thinks there is still demand for downloads, and Mr Thebaud points out that some labels, including esoteric jazz specialist ECM, only offer that option rather than streaming as well.
Image caption A large number of portable music players can play hi-res downloads
But does hi-res music face the same hardware problem that helped to sink SACD and DVD-Audio?
As it happens, a whole range of portable music players has sprung up to play hi-res downloads. Some are from mainstream manufacturers such as Sony and Pioneer, while others are produced by specialist firms such as Astell & Kern. Prices range from £165 to £3,000 or more.
But when it comes to streaming, there are various inexpensive options that will do the job.
"The Chromecast dongle, for instance, supports hi-res," says Mr Ouzeri. "MP3 does not make as much sense as it did 10 years ago. So we are pioneers and we will keep being pioneers."
Meanwhile, back in the world of physical product, the CD soldiers on, while vinyl has raised its game considerably in the audiophile stakes.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Sales of vinyl records have rebounded in recent years
It hasn't become any more convenient as a format, but today's heavyweight 180g vinyl album release is a real improvement on the lightweight pressings, often made with recycled vinyl, that were the norm in the 1970s.
The vinyl revival has been well documented, with 3.2 million LPs sold in the UK last year, but do SACDs still exist?
Sister Ray in Berwick Street is one of the few record shops left in London that still stocks them, but you won't see much change from £30 if you want to pick up a choice Bob Dylan or Miles Davis title in the format.
And as senior buyer Steve Sexton makes clear, they don't quite fly off the shelves. "It's always been quite a niche format. We're phasing them out, to be honest," they say.
"I think it's a bizarre format and I've never really understood it. A lot of it is people who've spent far too much money on their stereo system."
Image copyright FAMILY HANDOUT Image caption Casper Platt-May and their brother Corey were on a family trip when they were hit by a car
The case of a driver who killed two boys after taking cocaine has been referred to the Court of Appeal under the unduly lenient sentence scheme.
Robert Brown, 53, was jailed for nine years after Casper Platt-May, two, and their brother Corey, six, died as they crossed a road in Coventry in February.
They admitted two counts of causing death by dangerous driving after the hit-and-run crash.
The boys' father, Reece Platt-May, was found dead in a Greek hotel on 17 May.
Their body was discovered on the island of Corfu and their death was not being treated as suspicious.
Brown, of Attwood Crescent in Wyken, Warwickshire, was jailed last month.
West Midlands Police Collision Investigation Unit has calculated they were driving at more than 60mph.
The road safety charity Brake has previously described the sentence as an "injustice" and said it felt it was "too lenient".
Image copyright West Midlands Police Image caption Robert Brown and Gwendoline Harrison showed no emotion as they were sentenced
Gwendoline Harrison, 42, of Triumph Close, Wyken, who was a passenger in the car, was sentenced to six months' imprisonment.
They had admitted a charge of assault intending to resist arrest and trying to leave the scene.
A spokesperson for the Solicitor General said: "After careful consideration, the Solicitor General referred the case of Robert Brown to the Court of Appeal under the Unduly Lenient Sentence scheme.
"We await a date for the hearing."
The Attorney General's Office said it looked into the case of Harrison, but it did not fall within the scheme.
A fundraising page set up a week ago that hopes to raise £6,000 towards funeral costs has reached a total of more than £1,700.
Michelle Margaux asks fans what their expectations are for 2017.
More FOX Sports San Diego Videos April Community Partner of the Month: Jackie Robinson Family YMCA In the Zone: Padres @ Braves Preview Padres proving doubters wrong to start the season Has Wil Myers overcome Philip Rivers as the face of San Diego sports? Quick Hits: Steve Fisher retires from San Diego State Don and Mud preview the Padres-Braves series More FOX Sports San Diego Videos
Padma Lakshmi's on-again partner Adam Dell has sold their massive Greenwich Village townhouse to oil heiress/philanthropist Aileen Getty for $19 million.
YouTube
Somehow, SummerSlam is happening on Sunday. Like, this Sunday. Less than a week away. We're all pretty excited about it here at With Spandex, or as excited as you can be about a show that's probably going to be like seven hours long. By this point, SummerSlam is Brooklyn's biggest block party, in just the third year as an NYC August staple. NXT is going to try to tear the house down on Saturday for the third straight year, and Superstars are already prepping their elaborate, quasi-WrestleMania entrances.
And Shinsuke Nakamura knows a thing or two about elaborate entrances. Regardless of how you feel about their time on the main WWE roster so far, there's no denying that people go absolutely bonkers for their entrance, just like they did in NXT. At NXT TakeOver: Brooklyn II, Nakamura had what was probably their most popular and iconic entrance ever (in the United States), as violinist Lee England Jr. played Nakamura's theme song live and the Barclays crowd went absolutely bonkers.
Deutsch Kase Haus has notified Sargento Foods Inc. that a specialty Longhorn Colby cheese they supplied to Sargento must be recalled due to a potential contamination of Listeria monocytogenes.
The affected retail products are Sargento Ultra Thin Sliced Longhorn Colby with Best-By dates of “12APR17B” and “10MAY17B” as well as Sargento Chef Blends Shredded Nacho and Taco Cheese with Best-By dates of “H14JUN17” and “H12JUL17.” These products were packaged at the Sargento facility in Wisconsin.
Out of an abundance of caution, Sargento is also recalling the following products because they were packaged on the same line as the affected cheese:
Sitting in their spotless office in the New Hope Fertility Clinic in Mexico City, soft music playing in the hallway in the background, Doctor Alejandro Chávez-Badiola shows an affable smile. “'Three-parent babies' is not the title I would have chosen for the treatment,” the clinic director says. “But if the press had not given it such an attractive title, the news of what we're doing probably would not have had such an impact.”
Indeed, “three-parent baby” is easier to remember than “mitochondrial replacement treatment” (MRT), a relatively new procedure offered to couples who want to reduce the chance of passing certain genetic diseases onto their children.
DOCTOR CALLS WORLD'S FIRST THREE-PARENT IVF BABY BIRTH ‘REVOLUTIONARY'
It is controversial because the embryo takes eggs from two mothers.
Pregnancies through MRT, which is banned in the U.S., are achieved by transferring the nucleus from a mother's egg to a donor egg, which in turn had its nucleus removed. The new egg is then fertilized by the father's sperm and ultimately placed in the mother's uterus.
Mexico City's New Hope is a branch of a namesake New York City fertility clinic founded by John Zhang in 2014. Critics say New Hope picked Mexico merely because of its weak regulatory framework.
JUDGE ALLOWS WOMAN TO UNDERGO IN VITRO FERTILIZATION WITH DEAD HUSBAND'S SPERM
Dr. Chávez-Badiola, a gynecologist and obstetrician trained in Mexico and the United Kingdom, told Fox News they hope to apply MRT to 20 pregnancies in the first half of 2017. They would not disclose, however, how many three-way pregnancies are underway at this time.
The first “three-parent” baby was conceived in Mexico's New Hope in 2015 but delivered in New York City last year. They were born to a Jordanian couple at risk of reproducing a rare disorder called Leigh disease, an incurable that can lead to a child's death within years from birth.
The Jordanian couple was treated in the New Hope clinic in Mexico by a U.S. team led by Dr. Zhang. So far, the boy appears to be healthy, according to New Hope, and the successful procedure led Chávez-Badiola and their peers to the conclusion that their work should be extended to a larger number of couples in Mexico.
STORY ABOUT MARRIED COUPLE DISCOVERING THEY WERE TWINS DURING IVF APPEARS TO BE FAKE
It isn't the first mitochondrial replacement technique ever developed. Earlier procedures applied in the 1990s yielded good results, but were different — they transferred healthy mitochondria to the mother's egg. New Hope's technique is called “spindle nuclear transfer” and involves cutting-edge technology and equipment rarely seen in developing countries.
Aside from the morals, critics of MRT believe it is still far too early to consider the procedure to be safe. They worry that some defected mitochondria could be transferred with the mother's nucleus into the donor cell. According to the science magazine Nature, some also worry that New Hope has rushed into the wider application of the procedure.
The clinic, located in Polanco, one of the swankiest neighborhoods of the Mexican capital, is currently waiting for enough patients to achieve Chávez-Badiola's ambitious goal of 20 pregnancies. So far, they are principally counting on patients from abroad because Mexican couples are harder to find.
“There are families in Mexico suspected of having mitochondrial diseases, but as far as I know there isn't anyone to offer them the means to diagnose,” they said.
Nor is money a problem, at least in theory. According to Chávez-Badiola, the procedure isn't more expensive than a regular IVF-treatment. “We first want to know if the technique can be replicated and give us the results we're hoping for,” they said. “Right now we'd be willing to absorb the extra costs, as it's a treatment that stems from extraordinary technology.”
Chávez-Badiola acknowledges the criticisms, but counters them with the argument that they and their colleagues are on the vanguard of medical research, which always causes “some discomfort.”
“Mitochondrial diseases aren't diseases that have been known for centuries. They're diagnosed through technologies that are relatively recent,” they told Fox News. “I believe that, if you're going to study such a thing, studying it alone has the potential of changing the way the medical profession acts.”
Jan-Albert Hootsen is a freelance writer based in Mexico City. Follow them on Twitter: @Jayhootsen
Like us on Facebook
Follow us on Twitter & Instagram
Sheriff during the largest heroin and fentanyl bust in county history: "One grain of the fentanyl can kill you"
New Hanover County Sheriff Ed McMahon said at a Monday press conference that an arrest had been made in the largest seizure of heroin and fentanyl in county history. Deputies said in a Facebook post that they found the drugs during a Nov. 30 search of Shawqui Rahim Gray's home on Oleander Drive in Wilmington. More arrests are expected.
Parking tickets have been spotted on vehicles overstaying the limit at Sunshine Plaza.
THE Sunshine Coast's busiest shopping centre has provided new details about when visitors will expect to have to pay if they park for longer than three hours.
Sunshine Plaza centre manager, Michael Manwaring said developer Lend Lease had made a decision to hold off the introduction of managed parking until the car park renovations across the centre were complete.
This was expected in September and most likely only after the September school holidays.
Lend Lease announced on November 7 it would be introducing managed parking at the Plaza, with the first three hours of parking to remain free.
After that, parking would begin to incur a fee starting at $2 per extra half hour to a total of $20 a day.
Those who spent $150 at any of the shops in the centre could park free all day and cinema goers would be able to park free for four hours.
This new system was expected to be introduced the car parks on the south side of the centre, including parking at Coles, Rebel Sport, Woolworths and the Good Guys in the start of the year.
But Mr Manwaring said the decision had been made to hold off on the introduction of managed parking until the new parking management system, which provided shoppers details of where free parking bays were, had been installed across the complex.
"We have decided we will launch it all together," Mr Manwaring said.
SHOPPERS have new reason to rejoice as the long-anticipated redevelopment of the Sunshine Plaza will begin this month, bringing 100 new retailers and David Jones into Maroochydore with the announcement from Centre manager Michael Manwaring. Patrick Woods
As early as next week, some of the work at the Myer multi-level car park was expected to be completed allowing shoppers a "new level" to park their cars.
In early July, an extra two levels on top of the Myer store would be available.
The K-Mart car park would be ready to open one level in July, and was to be completed by August and September.
"Close to the September school holidays we will have those car parks (at K-Mart) too," Mr Manwaring said.
The Plaza was using new technology to make it easier for customers to find a sought-after spot quickly.
This included a parking guidance system, which used red and green LED-based space indicators.
Frogparking shows how empty parking bays at the Sunshine Plaza will look.
Electronic boards would advise the number of available bays.
This system had already been installed at the Coles car park and Woolworths car park.
Once the two new multi-deck car parks were built at the Plaza, an extra 1400 car parks would be available to take the number of spaces to nearly 5000.
The Plaza was set to grow from 73,000 sqm to more than 107,000sqm with a new David Jones department store, a new Big W and more than 100 speciality stores added to the complex
Mr Manwaring said construction works were on track for the $400 million expansion to be complete by December 2018.
1:35 Mattingly talks about José Fernandez at spring training Pause
2:04 Protesters, supporters clash at President Donald Trump protest in Tampa
1:19 Trump says they get along well with Japanese prime minister
0:41 Crucial Presidents' Day weekend looms for Miami tourism industry
2:23 Konpa champ Gazzman Couleur and dISIP play Hollywood Live
0:54 Cubans executed by Castro regime on display in the European Parliament
0:58 Wade on Riley: 'I have nothing to squash, I'm thankful for what we were able to build here'
0:35 Dwyane Wade gets thunderous applause when taking the court against the Miami Heat
1:08 Dolphins Wake: I've been an underdog since day one
Image caption Hull College has three main centres in Hull, Goole and Harrogate
Staff at three Yorkshire colleges are set to walk out in May in a row over plans to axe 231 jobs, a union has said.
Hull College Group, which runs colleges in Hull, Goole and Harrogate, has started a restructuring plan to deal with a £10m deficit.
The University and College Union (UCU) said members would take action on 9, 17 and 18 May after voting to strike.
The college said it was "making plans to minimise the disruption".
More on this and other Hull stories
UCU said it had resorted to taking industrial action because of the college's plans to cut "a third of the workforce".
Image copyright Hull College Group Image caption The union backed a vote of no confidence in CEO Michelle Swithenbank and had called for their resignation
Last week the union called for the resignation of the college's chief executive, Michelle Swithenbank, saying their position was "untenable after a failure to defend jobs".
It backed a vote of no confidence in them after allegations against the management team of "attempted bullying and bribery" to deter staff from attending "a protest against the running of the college".
But the college denied the allegations and said it had "absolute confidence in Michelle and the leadership team".
'Sustainable future'
Julie Kelley, UCU regional official, said: "Staff at the Hull College Group feel they have been left with no alternative but to take strike action in their attempt to save jobs and educational opportunities."
They sad the proposals were "deeply damaging" and called for the college to "halt the cuts and provide a transparent review".
In a statement, the college said industrial action would "negatively impact our ability to recruit new learners and will not solve the group's financial and operational issues".
"We therefore urge the union to work with us in the ongoing consultation, carried out by SLT (senior leadership team) and with the full support of the Corporation, as we aim to secure a sustainable future for our colleges."
Nearly 80% of UCU members at the college who were balloted for strike action voted in favour.
Last year, the college's financial management was criticised in a report by the further education commissioner, which said it had "significant failures" and its leadership and governance needed to improve.
A wealthy West Palm Beach eye doctor accused of bribing Sen. Bob Menendez wined and dined other politicians, including former Florida governor Charlie Crist, it emerged in Newark federal court on Tuesday.
Flor Melgen, the wife of Dr. Salomon Melgen, testified Tuesday about a weekend in October 2010 when Crist showed up at their house unexpectedly, ate dinner — consisting of Capital Grille takeout — and stayed the night.
They then handed Flor a $100 check for the cost of the meal and their stay.
“He knew that my husband was Bob's [Menendez] friend and they were wondering if they might be with him,” Flor told the jury about the surprise visit.
The defense said the purpose of the testimony was to illustrate to the jury that Menendez, who flew Melgen's private jet that same weekend, was in Florida for an official political function.
As such, the flight on Melgen's private jet as well as a leg on a commercial flight Melgen paid for should have been reimbursed for by the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee — not Menendez, according to Melgen's lawyers.
The Garden State Democrat stands accused of accepting all-expense-paid trips and private jet flights from Melgen in exchange for political favors, including help with the doctor's $8.9 million Medicare bill and in obtaining visas for the ophthalmologist's young girlfriends.
The feds took a different spin on the Crist tale — using it as an opportunity to contrast Crist's $100 check with Menendez's history of accepting freebies from their rich friend.
“So at least this politician knows how to pay your husband back for things?” prosecutor Monique Tara Abrishami asked Flor before being chastised by the judge.
Shonda Rhimes has moved on! The brilliant producer will start a new gig with Netflix creating content that will blow us all away. For now, all of the TGIT shows will remain in tack. “Scandal” is the only show to announce their final season, but will this spark a near-ending for other shows “HTGAWM” and “Grey's Anatomy?”
Those are just two of the highlights of the company's current Mars-colonization plan, which SpaceX founder and CEO Elon Musk unveiled early Friday morning EDT (Sept. 29) at the 68th International Astronautical Congress (IAC) in Adelaide, Australia.
Musk's talk — which took place Friday afternoon local Adelaide time — served to update the architecture the billionaire entrepreneur revealed at last year's IAC, in Guadalajara, Mexico. That previous presentation introduced a huge, reusable rocket-spaceship combo called the Interplanetary Transport System (ITS), which Musk envisioned helping to establish a million-person city on Mars within the next 50 to 100 years. [The BFR: SpaceX's Mars-Colonization Architecture in Images]
As Musk described it last year, the roughly 40-foot-wide (12 meters) ITS booster would feature 42 Raptor engines. It would launch the spaceship to Earth orbit, then come back down to its pad for a pinpoint landing — and another flight in quick succession. The spaceship, meanwhile, would be fueled in orbit by a tanker (which would also be launched by an ITS booster).
The ITS spaceships would linger in orbit until the time was right to depart for Mars, when they would do so en masse. (Such windows come along once every 26 months.) Each ship would be capable of carrying about 100 people to the Red Planet; after landing there and offloading their cargo and passengers, the ships would top up their tanks on the Martian surface with locally produced propellant (methane and oxygen) and then launch back to Earth.
The new plan retains this same basic idea, but with some important tweaks. For example, the rocket has been scaled back a bit; it will now be about 30 feet (9 wide) and sport "just" 31 Raptor engines. (For comparison, the first stage of SpaceX's in-service Falcon 9 rocket has nine Merlin engines.) And the name "ITS" seems to be out: During Friday's talk, Musk repeatedly referred to the system by the "code name" BFR, which is short for Big F***ing Rocket.
But the most important change has to do with the system's affordability, Musk said Friday.
"In last year's presentation, we were really searching for what the right way — how do we pay for this thing?" they said. "We went through various ideas — do a Kickstarter, collecting underpants. These didn't pan out. But now we think we've got a way to do it."
The answer, they explained, lies in downsizing the system a bit and using it for everything that SpaceX does, from satellite launches to International Space Station resupply flights to crewed Mars missions. In other words, the company plans to put its Falcon 9 and Falcon Heavy rockets — the latter of which hasn't even flown yet — and its Dragon capsule out to pasture relatively soon.
"If we can do that, then all the resources that are used for Falcon 9, Heavy and Dragon can be applied to this system. That's really fundamental," Musk said. "We believe that we can do this with the revenue we receive for launching satellites and for servicing the space station."
SpaceX will, however, "build ahead" and keep a stock of Falcon 9s and Dragons around for a while, in case customers wish to use those vehicles during the early days of BFR operation, Musk added.
Missions to Mars
As currently envisioned, the BFR system (the ship stacked atop the rocket) will stand 348 feet (106 m) tall — about 50 feet (15 m) shorter than the ITS concept vehicle.
The BFR booster will be capable of lofting 150 tons to low Earth orbit (LEO), making it more powerful than NASA's famous Saturn V moon rocket, which could launch 135 tons to LEO, Musk said.
By itself, the BFR spaceship will stand 157.5 feet (48 meters) tall. It will feature 40 passenger cabins, each of which can theoretically fit five or six people but will more likely accommodate two to three, Musk said. So each ship will probably carry about 100 passengers on a typical Mars trip.
The ships sport six Raptor engines, which should allow them to get to Mars after a deep-space journey of three to six months. The vehicles will land via supersonic retropropulsion, slowing their descent through the Martian atmosphere using thrusters, as Falcon 9 first stages do when they come back to Earth during orbital launches.
SpaceX is currently riding a streak of 12 straight successful Falcon 9 landings, and that rocket's first stage touches down using just a single engine. The BFR spaceship will be able to land with the aid of either of its two central engines, Musk said. [In Photos: SpaceX Launches X-37B Space Plane, Lands Falcon 9 Rocket]
"If you can get to a very high reliability with even a single engine, and then you can land with either of two engines, I think we can get to a landing reliability that is on par with the safest commercial airliners," they said. "So you can essentially count on the landing."
The BFR system will also be airliner-like in its reusability; each booster and spaceship will fly again and again and again, helping make Mars colonization economically feasible, Musk said.
"It's really crazy that we build these sophisticated rockets and then crash them every time we fly. This is mad," Musk said. "I can't emphasize [enough] how profound this is, and how important reusability is."
SpaceX is now beginning "serious development" of the BFR system, they added. The company aims to launch at least two uncrewed ships to Mars in 2022, primarily to confirm the existence of necessary resources and set up infrastructure for future missions — power, mining and life support systems, for example.
The Coats RC Series Rim Clamp tire changers are built for today's high-speed, general service repair shops, says the company. Building upon the standards of the legendary Coats Rim Clamp tire changer, the RC-55 will execute day after day.
The RC-55 features the RC-Robo-Arm, which allows technicians to efficiently change difficult wheel applications, such as low-profile wheels and run-flat tires.
Built-in bead sealing jets quickly seal beads while the tabletop inflation provides a faster workflow.
Conveniently placed foot pedals provide precise control over every step of the changing process.
For more information, click HERE.
1:36 'The King,' (Elvis impersonator Will Kettler) is in the house for Valentine's Day weddings Pause
0:51 Fans line up waiting for Twenty One Pilots
2:35 Saburo Masada visits site of their internment for first time since 1942
1:39 Most babies should be exposed to peanuts earlier, according to new guidelines
3:02 Meet Alexander Mickelthwate, the third conductor candidate for the Fresno Philharmonic
2:08 Fowler girls chase Central Section's lone unbeaten regular season
0:52 Visalia couple wins $65,000 Valentine on 'The Price is Right'
0:33 Fresno police arrest two after string of armed robberies
1:26 HerdDogg technology makes it easier to monitor livestock health
BERKELEY, Mo. — Demonstrators took to the streets for a second night after a white police officer in Berkeley, Missouri, killed a black 18-year-old who police said pointed a gun...
The amazing generosity of a Wigan man, who left more than £1m to charity in their will, has been revealed by the organisations they donated to.
Dentist John Kelsey left the eye-watering seven-figure sum to several local charities after they died in 2015, but details only surfaced of their heartwarming final deed last year.
One of the groups to receive a bequest was Henshaws, a charity that supports people living with sight loss and a range of other disabilities.
Stewart Graham, Legacies manager for Henshaws, revealed how the 75-year-old's kindness had been put to use.
They said: “The money that John left has been used in a variety of ways including helping to fund our new First Step project which is a life-changing telephone advice line for visually impaired people and their families and will help those most isolated and in desperate need of our support.
“Anyone in the Greater Manchester area can call us on 0161 872 1234 for specialist advice regarding their visual impairment or that of a family member or friend.”
Stewart added: “John's generosity will also help secure our Patient Support Service at Manchester Royal Eye Hospital and the Altrincham Eye Clinic ensuring that those with sight loss are supported just when they are diagnosed and helped to understand the impact of their sight loss and how they can get support as they are losing their sight.
“Henshaws are extremely grateful for John's generosity which will make a significant impact on those with sight loss in Greater Manchester.”
John also left a gift for The Christie, which legacy and research officer Laura Hulme said was “hugely important to the charity.”
Laura said: “Through John's generous legacy, we have been able to fund research into uro-oncology, bladder cancer, complementary therapies along with supporting the new proton beam therapy research centre, which is due to open in August 2018.
“So much of our work would not be possible without people like John, for which we and our cancer patients are eternally grateful.”
A spokesperson for Marie Curie, which also received a donation from John's will, said: “We are extremely grateful to people that chose to donate to Marie Curie by leaving a gift in their will.
“The money will help provide nursing care and emotional support to people living with a terminal illness, and their families.
“It will also help the charity conduct vital research and campaigning to ensure that people with terminal illnesses receive the right care when they need it most, helping them enjoy the time they have left with the people they love.”
And in case you're wondering, Bethesda is vowing that this release is complete and uncensored. If you've seen even a sliver of the game, you know what that means. It also shows just how far Nintendo has come in terms of its attitude toward games, for that matter. Nintendo demanded heavy censorship of the SNES version of Wolfenstein 3D back in 1994, when it insisted that games be as family-friendly as possible. Now, it's allowing a Wolfenstein title that could be considered risqué even by the standards of jaded gamers. While it's been clear for a while that Nintendo is happy to court adults, this serves as the ultimate proof.
Ahead of Friday's scheduled summit between South Korean President Moon Jae-in and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un, both sides are publicizing their respective gestures of goodwill. From the North Koreans, that means freezing the country's nuclear weapon program, a pledge you'd be justified in taking with some salt. On the South Korean side, it means shutting down the K-pop, at least temporarily: On Monday, the New York Times reports, South Korean authorities turned off the high-powered loudspeakers that regularly blast news, propaganda, and Korean pop music over the heavily fortified demilitarized zone between the two states.
The speakers have been turned on and off over the years, but were most recently reactivated in September 2016 in response to North Korean bomb tests. (North Korea has loudspeakers along the DMZ too, albeit less powerful ones.) K-pop isn't the impetus for Korea's recent diplomatic thaw, of course, but as explained in an informative overview at The Outline today, it has become an important component of the South's long-running governmental propaganda campaign to the North. The bright, bubbly music projects an image of consumerist fun and modern, internationally relevant South Korean culture—but it's also largely apolitical and inoffensive, assuming you aren't offended by ultra-catchy choruses.
Among the North Korean regime, the genre appears to be finding increasing acceptance: After attending a special outreach concert by multiple K-pop groups in Pyongyang last month, Kim was photographed with performers and state media reported he'd enjoyed it. Of course, until this week, soldiers stationed along the demilitarized zone didn't really have a choice but to listen.
CNN's Jim Acosta is not especially well-liked by the White House. They tell it like it is in harsh, blunt terms, and of course, they don't like that. The growing feud continued today when Trump gave a supposed press conference after a full weekend of promising a big press conference. But at a true press conference, reporters are able to ask questions. Donald Trump wouldn't allow questions at this “press conference.” Acosta wanted to ask them about their responses to Charlottesville, because Trump's initial response to it was weak and pathetic, and one in which they wouldn't condemn the Nazis and other white supremacists, and puffed themselves up rather than saying something heartfelt and inspirational like a real president would have.
Getting no answer to that, Acosta asked them about the lack of a proper presser. Trump said that they'd just had one. Apparently, in Trumpland, an egotistical speech that barely touches on anything and doesn't allow for questions from reporters qualifies as a press conference simply because the press is there. Trump's reply to Acosta?
“It doesn't bother me at all, but I like real news, not fake news. You're fake news.”
It's absolutely amazing that Trump calls anyone “fake news” when he's essentially the liar of liars who's spread more than their fair share of fake news. Acosta knows this, and threw a question at Trump that we've all wanted to hear in response to the latest “fake news” accusation. Watch below:
CNN's @Acosta to Trump: Can we ask you more questions?
Trump: “I like real news, not fake news. You're fake news.” https://t.co/m4KiTC6lrK — CNN (@CNN) August 14, 2017
Trump went into full toddler mode and took their ball and went home without another word.
It's all part of a pattern with them – if it's good, they claim credit for it and hypes it up, even if they couldn't possibly have had anything to do with it. If it's bad, it's “fake news,” “fake polls,” etc., and it's high time someone confronted them about it.
Sometimes, it seems as if Acosta is the only one willing to do so. But our illegitimate president doesn't like looking bad, let alone doing the right thing.
Featured image via video screen capture
Woooo: Miami Marlins first baseman Justin Bour signed autographs for the June honorees of the Miami Marlins/Miami Herald Team Player Spotlight. Bour, who is endorsed by WWE alum Ric Flair, is in the running (via fan vote) for a final spot on the National League roster for the MLB All-Star Game on Tuesday, July 11 at Marlins Park in Miami. Photo By Jim Varsallone
Video
French President Emmanuel Macron tries their hand at speaking Pidgin during a visit to Lagos, Nigeria.
WOOLWICH TOWNSHIP, N.J. (AP) - Police in New Jersey were put to the test over the weekend when they were called to catch a loose pig.
Three Woolwich Township police officers responded to a call about a mischievous pig roaming a neighborhood Saturday morning. Police said three officers used a makeshift lasso and dog treats to lure the pet pig back into its owner's yard.
In a self-deprecating Facebook post , the Woolwich Township Police Department quipped, "No pig(s) were hurt in the process." The department also invited commenters to make their best "pig/bacon/cop" jokes.
The department's piggy post has received more than 700 likes and 70 comments.
One commenter asked if the pig could become the station's new mascot. Several said the post made them want to move to the township.
Another commenter wrote, "Way to bring home the bacon, fellas."
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Video
Russian journalist Arkady Babchenko, widely reported to have been assassinated in Kiev on Tuesday, has turned up alive at a press conference.
In an extraordinary development, the high-profile critic of the Kremlin appeared live on Ukrainian TV.
Colorful ideas to warm up your home this winter It may be the doldrums of winter, but you can combat the cold-weather blues with these fun, fresh products for your home. From colorful cups to playful pillows, our picks...
A lot of living on a smaller scale You could say Gerald Rowan knows something about small homes. The writer and architectural history professor has renovated some 60 small houses and cabins. Rowan's newest book, “Compact Houses” (Storey),...
Virtually chic: New curated design shops, online and off Feeling like there's a lack of separation between your online and offline (er, “real”) lives? You're not alone. It's not just our work and social lives straddling these spheres —...
Latest 'Brooklyn' design offerings Brooklyn's real estate market may be shattering records, but you don't have to actually reside in the borough to achieve its look. Whether you're in search of a raffish objet...
Archtober salutes city-wide design minds Halloween, beer fests and post-season baseball don't have a monopoly on October. This year marks the third anniversary of Archtober — a month-long celebration of architecture and design sponsored by...
Trick out your home at these new design stores Fall is a time of new beginnings: New season, new fashions, new school year. Amidst so many fresh starts, why not freshen up your digs a bit, too? Whether you're...
Happy as a clam STORM TROOPERS Don't let a little rain ruin your Caribbean vacay. Puerto Rico's La Concha Resort, in San Juan, is offering a “risk-free sun spree” with its Weather Proof Package....
Eat here now YOU'RE GROUNDED! Get your grub and groove on at the Southern Ground Music and Food Festival in Nashville on Sept. 27 and 28. The two-day fest, created by the Zac...
NY State of Mind CIVIL LIBERTIES Civil War buffs: March upstate the weekend of Sept. 14 and 15, where, as part of Dutchess County Heritage Days (“Celebrating 300 Years of Democracy”), the region will...
In Great Indian Railway Journeys, the former politician explores the foothills of the Himalayas and the Ganges' fertile plains - and enjoys a rose petal bath
India is one of the few places where Michael Portillo's penchant for canary-yellow jackets and fuchsia chinos didn't raise eyebrows.
Advertisement
“India is very colourful, particularly Rajasthan – women wear the brightest reds, yellows and pinks,” they say. “And in Amritsar, the range of colours of turbans is extraordinary. So for once I felt quite understated in my attire.”
They even had a lime-green kurta made for them (pictured below) so that they could look the part. “It's a knee-length, lightweight jacket, with a pair of white trousers underneath, called a paijama.
“They have fabulous fabrics and wonderful colours. There's a natural elegance to Indian tailoring and they run things up very quickly. I came home wishing I'd had longer so I could have looked for some jackets.”
The former Conservative MP was in India to film their new BBC2 series, Great Indian Railway Journeys. Their four trips took them through the foothills of the Himalayas, the Thar Desert and the fertile plains watered by the Ganges, and looked at the crucial historic role railways have played.
“British-built railways in India helped the British to make money and maintain order; and as a by-product served to unite the country, ripe for independence. They're what stitched the country together and they have a romanticism.”
As usual, they consulted their much-loved guide book – the 1913 Bradshaw's Handbook of Indian, Foreign and Colonial Travel – although at times it made uncomfortable reading.
“One of the things you have to come to terms with is how racist the British Raj was, and Bradshaw's reflects that colonial superiority because it talks about how you haggle with the local people and their curious customs. It has pages of phrases in Hindustani [the language promoted by the British] like, ‘Put the food on the table in the twinkling of an eye' or ‘Bring the punkah' – a fan operated by a servant.”
In 1913, the guide's readers would never have dreamt of travelling in the unreserved carriages, but Portillo recommends it.
“There are something like ten different classes on a single train. At the top end they're air-conditioned and you have a very comfortable seat – more comfortable than on a British train. And then you go down to unreserved, where there's no air-conditioning, no glass in the windows, and there are limbs drooping all around you – legs, arms and heads tumbling down from the luggage racks where people are sleeping.
“Many of these trains are travelling for thousands of kilometres, from one end of India to the other, and I certainly wouldn't want to be in unreserved class on a very long journey. But on a short journey, I think unreserved would be my choice – that's where you experience a gritty India, but also an India that's full of life.”
In the opening episode of the series, they travel from Amritsar to Shimla. One of the most beautiful stretches, they say, was the Kalka to Shimla railway, opened in 1903 to serve this northern “hill station”.
“It's a magnificent, narrow-gauge railway in the foothills of the Himalayas and it takes five hours to climb up to nearly 7,000ft. Shimla was the summer capital of the British Raj, so every year all the paraphernalia of the British government in India was transferred from Calcutta – 1,200 miles to the south east – up into the mountains by elephant, oxen and by river.
“The architecture is European, so you are suddenly surrounded by churches and buildings that could be from Surrey. Kipling spent time in Shimla and became a great satirist of all the love affairs and scandals that went on there.”
The railway journey across the vast, western state of Rajasthan was a stark but spectacular contrast. “It's arid desert and you wonder how people survive there at all. This is a land of camels, elephants and stepwells – enormous wells dug into the ground and approached by a series of steps. They're wonderful pieces of architecture and the whole community congregates on the steps.”
That trip took them to the city of Agra – home of the Taj Mahal. “It's very crowded, but it has an extraordinary beauty – the colour of its marbles and its perfect symmetry are superb. It's huge and seems somehow to float, with an incredible light to it.
“It's a tomb built from grief by [Mughal emperor] Shah Jahan, who was mourning their wife, and it became their mausoleum, too, so they were reunited in death. The Mughals were a tribe from the Afghanistan/Persia region that for 250 years dominated much of India, so the Taj Mahal is a symbol of passion but also of their power and wealth.”
In tribute to Shah Jahan's ardour, Portillo bathed in rose petals in a bathroom with a view of the Taj Mahal. Is that a traditional thing to do? “I don't know, but I hope it will become one. It was an experience, quite visual – the rose petals more than me!”
Great Indian Railway Journeys begins on Tuesday 20 March on BBC2, 8pm
Radio Times Travel reader offer
The Heart of India by Luxury Train, 11-day escorted tour
Travelling by train is a superb way to experience the vast, intriguing and surprising country that is India. Immerse yourself in the atmosphere of a bygone age on board the newly refurbished Deccan Odyssey, offering one of the world's most extraordinary and unique travel experiences. The distinctive royal blue carriages carry just 96 guests between Delhi and Mumbai. There are 16 carriages of sheer luxury; each has just four deluxe twin or double air-conditioned cabins with their own private bathroom, fine bed linen and tasteful wood panelling.
Dolores Huerta is greeted by Fresno State University students during a meet-and-greet event held at Marie Callenders Restaurant in Fresno on Sept. 25, 2017.
A cousin of the Canadian billionaire who was found murdered with their wife in their home has bizarrely claimed to have had fantasies about decapitating Barry Sherman and rolling their bloody head around a parking lot.
The startling admission, made during a TV program set to air on CBC Friday, came after Kerry Winter reportedly failed a lie detector test about their past claim that Sherman approached them and asked them to kill their wife, Honey. The Shermans were found dead in their mansion near Toronto on Dec. 15, and police last week ruled the deaths a double homicide, ending weeks of speculation.
“I would talk about killing Barry, and it was very graphic,” Winter told CBC, recalling conversations they said they had with a psychiatrist. “He would come out of the parking lot of Apotex, and I'd be hiding behind a car, and I'd just decapitate him. I wanted to roll their head down the parking lot, and I'd sit there and wait for the police.”
Winter, who told the Toronto Sun that they are a recovering addict, said on the day the Shermans were last seen alive, Dec. 13, they had left a Cocaine Anonymous meeting and went home to fall asleep.
“Very easy for me to have left work at any time because I'm not on the clock… I could easily have driven over to [the Sherman home] and did the deed,” they told CBC. “I admit to that, but I didn't, I didn't, and that's why I'm not nervous.”
Winter also said they were told by police they were not a suspect and is planning to meet them for an interview.
Authorities – who said the Shermans were found hanging by belts from a railing that surrounded an indoor pool at their home – have declined to discuss possible suspects.
Sherman founded Apotex in 1974 with two other employees and it has grown to become the largest Canadian-owned pharmaceutical company.
The family said last week that they continue “to support the Toronto Police Service in their efforts to seek justice for their parents and pursue those responsible for these unspeakable crimes.”
Warning: Graphic Language
Winter and other Sherman family siblings in September lost a lawsuit seeking a piece of Barry's Apotex fortune. As a part of an Ontario court decision – which they have since appealed – Winter was ordered to pay Sherman back $8 million and they and their cousins were also told to pay Sherman $300,000 in legal fees, CBC reported.
Winter then surfaced this week and said Sherman asked them twice in the past to kill Honey.
“He said, ‘I want you to whack my wife,'” Winter told CBC. “I called them and said: ‘You know, there's no turning back, Barry, if I push the button.'”
But Winter and their lawyer agreed to take a lie detector test over the claim as part of the CBC program, and failed it, the station said, citing a former Quebec police officer and polygraph expert who commissioned the test.
Winter then, according to the CBC, told the officer they “embellished” and fabricated parts of their story. They also said they are going public now with such claims because they wanted to “hurt” Barry's legacy.
“This was a tragedy no matter how you slice and dice it,” Winter said. “This was a terrible thing that happened, even though my cousin and I had an extreme falling out.”
In a separate interview with the Toronto Sun, Winter insisted that the Shermans' deaths were a murder-suicide – despite statements from police and Brian Greenspan, the family's lawyer, saying otherwise.
“You will see I am not a kook, I am not a nut,” they said. “But when Brian Greenspan starts spinning this yarn, I am not going to keep my mouth shut anymore.”
Greenspan did not respond to a request for comment from the newspaper.
