Australia is no stranger to cybersecurity attacks and breaches across businesses and government organisations. The big four banks across Australia along with companies like David Jones and Kmart have all encountered some form of security compromise over the last few years.
In fact, this year's Telstra Cybersecurity Report revealed 23.7 percent of Australian organisations detected a security breach that caused business to be interrupted every month, more than twice as often as 2014. As enterprises become more interconnected across devices, the Internet of Things (IoT) has become an integral part of securing critical infrastructure.
Some victims go for extended periods of time before realising that their devices have been compromised and by then the hackers have already disrupted online services and impacted millions of people. This begs the question of who is responsible for making sure these devices are secure?
Who's Responsible for the IoT?
The number of internet-connected devices is growing rapidly and expected to reach 50 billion by 2020. This opens things up for great leaps in technology and innovation. This opens things up for great leaps in technology and innovation. The potential for cyber threats also greatly increases.
Poor habits in security practices such as weak default passwords in hardware that can never be updated are just one way cybercriminals can gain access to the infrastructure and will have an even greater impact as IoT becomes more of a necessity.
Securing devices while in development requires forethought. Bypassing this process has the potential to cost enterprises far more if they are breached, erode the trust of the vendors' customers, and ultimately impact the revenue of the manufacturer. To keep pace, IoT manufacturers should take responsibility for the security of their devices and organisations who place devices on their networks need to be sure the environment is secure.
Vendors should be responsible for securing their technology. The administrators of the environment the devices are deployed in should be responsible for the security of their environment. Device manufacturers should assume they are being deployed in a hostile environment and the administrators should assume that the devices themselves are hostile.
IoT manufacturers and enterprises introducing connected technologies into their environments should think about security from a holistic perspective, understanding what capabilities are needed before deployment, during an attack, and post-compromise.
Security Before Deployment
Prior to deployment, reduce the attack aperture by designing patterns that minimise trust boundaries. It is also good to start introducing strong security hygiene habits. These can include isolating solutions when possible and becoming a trust zone in an untrusted environment, modelling the behaviour of the system and understanding deviations, allowing your customer to enhance security, and understanding the adversaries' focus and threat model.
It is also a positive idea to authenticate, authorise and audit. Only give users access to information and resources that they need and employ defensive programming. Regardless of circumstance, work on the assumption that all input is malicious.
Defence During an Engagement
During engagements it is critical to use encryption at rest and in flight, protecting the keys at all times. Say “NO” to custom crypto - even when done correctly it can still leave businesses with a false sense of security. Businesses should also be able to push out updates to deployable devices in the field securely.
Be Ready to Remediate Post-Compromise
After being compromised be sure the capabilities are there to get devices back to a trusted state. Be in a position to determine the cause of the attack. Cultivate a method for fixing the issue in a development process before deployment.
As IoT technology grows and more people connect their personal as well as their professional lives to a network the risk for cybercrime such as ransomware can become a reality. Personal computers, laptops, and smartphones are not the only devices hackers are targeting.
Thermostats, televisions, MRI machines, and even pacemakers amongst other devices that are connected to the network can have serious implications should they be compromised. As these risks continue to impact more and more people, the demand for strong security will grow. Now is the time for the industry to self-regulate by adopting strong security practices that will help businesses and individuals avoid costly and potentially dangerous compromises.
Jon R. Ramsey is Chief Technology Officer at SecureWorks
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
LONDON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 23, 2018-- market research analysts forecast the to grow at a CAGR of over 5% during the period 2018-2022, according to their latest report.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423006259/en/
Technavio has published a new market research report on the global potassium sulfate market from 2018-2022. (Graphic: Business Wire)
Rising population in developing countries is a key trend that is expected to impact the market. The rising population in developing countries will lead to increased demand and consumption of food and drinks. This coupled with the rising per capita income will lead to an increase in demand for consumer goods, which in turn will lead to the growth of the market during the forecast period.
This report is available at a USD 1,000 discount for a limited time only:
Save more with Technavio. Buy2 reports and get the third for FREE:
In this report, Technavio analysts highlight the rising middle-class population as a key factor contributing to the growth of the global potassium sulfate market:
Rising middle-class population
The growing middle-class is population is expected to drive the growth of the global potassium sulfate market. Numerous factors such as strong economic growth and increased urbanization are helping the middle-class population to grow. It is estimated that close to 54% of the middle-class population will originate from APAC by 2020. This will lead to an increase in demand for food which in turn, will lead to an increase in demand for potassium sulfate from the agriculture industry.
According to a senior analyst at Technavio for research, “ Potassium sulfate or sulfate of potash is a premium quality nutrient required for the growth of high-value crops. SOP has superior qualities as compared to potassium chloride or muriate of Potash.”
Looking for more information on this market?
Technavio's sample reports are free of charge and contain multiple sections of the report such as the market size and forecast, drivers, challenges, trends, and more.
Global potassium sulfate market segmentation
This market research report segments the based on processes (mannheim process, sulfate salts reaction, and salt-lake brine processing) and key regions (the Americas, APAC, and EMEA).
APAC was the leading region for the global potassium sulfate market in 2017, accounting for a market share of close to 53%. APAC was followed by EMEA and the Americas. The Americas is the only geographic region which is expected to witness a slight increase in its market share during the forecast period.
About Technavio
is a leading global technology research and advisory company. Their research and analysis focuses on emerging market trends and provides actionable insights to help businesses identify market opportunities and develop effective strategies to optimize their market positions.
With over 500 specialized analysts, Technavio's report library consists of more than 10,000 reports and counting, covering 800 technologies, spanning across 50 countries. Their client base consists of enterprises of all sizes, including more than 100 Fortune 500 companies. This growing client base relies on Technavio's comprehensive coverage, extensive research, and actionable market insights to identify opportunities in existing and potential markets and assess their competitive positions within changing market scenarios.
If you are interested in more information, please contact our media team at .
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423006259/en/
CONTACT: Technavio Research
Jesse Maida
Media & Marketing Executive
US: +1 844 364 1100
UK: +44 203 893 3200
www.technavio.com
KEYWORD:
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: MANUFACTURING CHEMICALS/PLASTICS
SOURCE: Technavio Research
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/23/2018 02:14 PM/DISC: 04/23/2018 02:14 PM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423006259/en
It's a story that I don't tell very often as people give me the raised eyebrow, as in, “Really? Sounds like fiction to me.” And there were times I even question if it happened the way I remember. But occasionally, I'll meet some someone else who was there, and we reminisce about that crazy long-ago weekend. It's a very exclusive club, those of us who witnessed the events, even though it seemed completely unreal as it was happening. We questioned the reality of what we were seeing, knowing it was unique, and something that would most likely never happen again.
It was the spring of 1979 and being a long-time fan of Car Craft, I made plans to drive from my home in Windsor, CT to Indianapolis, IN for the Car Craft Street Machine Nationals. My best friend MaryAnn wanted to come with me. We were 19 years old, and it would be the first long-distance car trip we had ever taken on our own. I spent the next months getting my 1970 Mustang Coupe ready for the 1,800-mile round trip. Armed with a road atlas, a cooler of cola, my life savings of $600, and no motel reservations whatsoever, we set out on Friday night. I had planned a route that would take us on I-80 across Northern Pennsylvania, down through Ohio, and into Indiana. We planned on arriving the next morning driving in shifts through the night. The normally 12-hour trip would take us a little less than 10 hours. It was around midnight, when we made our first stop, a nearly deserted little diner in Scranton, PA. We walked into a very stereotypical nighttime diner scene. Two grizzled old regulars at the counter, swapping gossip, and a career waiter straight out of a B movie. Stocky build, peach-colored uniform, little white hat perched on their head. The three of them looked at us like we were a disease. We sat down at a booth and waited for 20 minutes until the waiter finally strolled over. “We'd like some coffee,” we asked.
“No,” they replied. “We don't have any coffee.”
“But what are they drinking?” We pointed to the guys at the counter.
“We ran out,” they snapped. After finding out they would not sell us any food and drink, we left. Now this was before the days of 24-hour gas stations and convenience stores. This diner was our only option. We got back on I-80 and drank colas all night.
It was a long dark night of high speed. The little Mustang had been working hard, averaging 85 to 90 mph. For most of the night, we only saw semis and box trucks. Shortly before sunrise, a yellow '65 Impala SS pulled up. The driver was a young blonde surfer guy. As MaryAnn slept soundly in the backseat, they and I communicated through gearhead sign language that we were both going to the same place. We laughed and hit the gas. Next thing I knew, we were cruising along side-by-side at about 110. The Mustang with its stock frontend felt like it was on ice, but we kept up the pace until we both saw a set of headlights gaining on us like we were standing still. Was it the man? Were we screwed? We slowed up and the Impala pulled in behind the Mustang. The headlights blasted by us so fast that neither of us could tell what kind of car it was. We looked at each other, nodded, and off we went, bent on trying to catch up with that car. And we did. It was slowing down, and the taillights got bigger as the car took the next exit.
There was a lonely gas station at the deserted exit with only one vehicle at the pumps: a 1965 Ford Thunderbolt. We pulled in and it was great to finally meet my highway buddy in the Impala. The owner of the T-Bolt was a young nerdish looking guy, about 20 years old, plaid shirt, pocket protector, horn rimmed glasses, short hair. We rushed over to them and began to gush about their car as they were checking the oil. They paid absolutely no attention to us, only saying that they were going to the Nationals, before shutting the hood and taking off towards the highway. I filled up the gas tank and woke up MaryAnn, telling them what happened and getting only a confused, “What???” from them
As we got closer to Indy, there were more and more muscle cars on the road. We blasted by street machines with 4:11 gears rolling along at 70, the gears giving out that high-pitched whine. There were Challengers that looked like they just rolled off the showroom floor, fat-tire Firebirds, vans that were slammed to the ground, and countless Corvette Stingrays. I saw no car trailers. These were on the road, fix-it-as-you-go cars. Trailers weren't really part of the process back then. We didn't think like that. We were young. We had hope. Hope that the car would make it there. And it wasn't just about the show. It was more about the journey and the experience of driving a car like that. That's the reason we built them.
Five hours later we rolled into Indy! The atmosphere was electric. I couldn't believe we were there among the 4,000 vehicles registered for the event. We drove over to the event grounds, registered, and received a package that included a dash plaque, Styrofoam koozies, plenty of printed information, and an official Street Machine Nationals Frisbee. The cornucopia of vehicles was insane. It was the golden days of muscle cars, with the average muscle car around 10 years old. We walked around in automotive heaven surrounded by Camaros, Barracudas, Challengers, Chevelles, GTOs, Superbirds, all like new, and they practically were. It was an endless parade: a black '65 GTO with a trip setup, a blue '67 supercharged big-block Nova, a '67 Mustang Pro Street station wagon, and a 4WD Maverick being among my faves.
They had set up a gymkhana, and it never got boring watching these incredible cars trying to beat the time on that course. Everything from Corvettes and Mustang IIs were lined up. At one point, a '69 Camaro hit the gas too hard after backing into a feature on the course. There was a huge bang crunch noise, and oil appeared under the car. They pushed the car over to the grass near the course where it sat for the rest of the weekend, the owner and their friends frantically working on it. They weren't the only ones. There were a few raised hoods, and cars on jack stands or jacks with tools scattered around. Complete strangers were helping new friends fix their broken cars so they could make the trip home.
MaryAnn and I played with the new frisbee as the sun went down. The frisbees had not been a good idea and after hitting a couple of cars with badly aimed tosses, we put it away. But what to do next? There were a few rumors going around that street racing was going on just outside of town, but the real action was supposedly at the intersection of Shadeland Avenue and 21st Street. We drove over there but couldn't even get close. Traffic was completely backed up for miles and they had closed off the side streets. After circling around for a while, I found a neighborhood just beyond ground zero. I looked down across the backyards and saw an empty lot that was right on the southeast corner of the intersection. All I had to do was carefully drive through the backyards and we'd have a front row view of all the action! This idea went smoothly at first. Then we came across the first fence. It was just small metal supports and grid wire and the Mustang slowly pushed it down and rolled over it. It was the second fence where MaryAnn had to get out, teetering on their platform shoes, and remove the three crossbars and then repeat the process on the other side of the yard. But we had made it and parked in the empty lot of an abandoned gas station. Next to us on Shadeland Ave, cars were pulling up and drag racing. Crowds of people lined the streets. The burnout contest was directly in front of us. Guys armed with jugs of bleach stood at the ready and the cars would pull forward and proceed to send up columns of smoke. Everywhere you looked was action and noise. It seemed like it would never end.
We were fully engrossed by the action when we heard the first screams. We looked over at Shadeland and saw flashing lights. A firetruck had made it through the traffic and was spraying water all over the street. Suddenly there were people running across Shadeland and all around us. Two guys jumped through the open window of the Mustang and landed on us, yelling, “Roll up the windows! There are dogs!” As we rolled up the windows, about a dozen Dobermans and German Shepherds ran past the car, one scrambling across the hood. Our new friends got into the backseat as the dogs and Indianapolis's finest chased people down. It seemed like a good time to get out of there, so I maneuvered the Mustang back through the yards, not stopping to replace the fence crossbars on the way.
Our passengers were Stan and Joe from Thunder Bay, Ontario. They had driven down in Stan's pristine 1970 Boss 429 Mustang. It was a completely surreal evening. What had happened? It was street-machine over-the-top insanity, fueled by gearheads ready to let loose and crowds of locals who encouraged it, gathering on the streets with buckets of water and bleach, baiting burnouts. There were even rumors that the National Guard had been called. We circled around for a while, waiting for the action to die down before finding the Boss 429 on a side street and dropping off the guys. As we had no place to stay, we stayed with them and that in itself, is a story for another time. MaryAnn never let me forget it.
Waking up Sunday morning, it was a new dawn for me and maybe the world of muscle cars. There was momentum and the muscle car movement was gaining speed with a wave of fat tires and extreme customizing rolling over the industry. I had brought along my life savings as I had considered dropping off MaryAnn at the bus depot and heading west alone. I'd been dreaming about being a custom painter. What better place for a custom car painter than Southern California in 1979? But MaryAnn talked me out of it and we started the long ride back home to Connecticut. It seemed like the highway East was full of muscle cars and customs on their way home.
A few months later in Hartford, CT, I opened my first custom paint/Mustang shop. I went to two other Nationals, the 1981 and 1982 events, where I was the women's spark plug changing champ. Thirty-nine years later, I'm still painting custom cars and motorcycles. One of the few surviving 1979 Street Machine Nationals Frisbees is hanging on the wall in my home. The photos from that weekend are faded, but the memories are anything but. MaryAnn passed away last December. I was with them during their last week and we reminisced about that crazy weekend.
These days, many of the cars at a show arrive on trailers. Most of us have done enough crawling under the car on the side of the road. Another factor is that those “beaters” have become investments. In 1979, most folks were lucky to have $3,000 in total spent on their ride. Today, the average expense of buying or restoring an old car is what a nice house cost back in 1979, about $25,000-75,000.
Today, I can feel the pull. I'm ready to drive a badass car again to the Car Craft Summer Nationals. Windows down, scenery rolling by, pure power rumbling under the hood, and that gritty roar of a healthy exhaust system. There's a fully customized 1967 Firebird in my garage that might make the journey from Charlotte, NC to Bowling Green, KY. Hopefully, the Firebird will make it there and back without incident, but if it does break down, we will deal with it. People will stop and help, and we might make some friends for life. And those are always the stories that get told over and over, the ones that impact the most.
Events like this are not just about winning trophies or showing off your hard work. It's also about the adventure—a journey that starts in the garage or driveway with a wrench in hand and continues down the road as you travel. There's no way of knowing what that adventure will involve. Sometimes, that adventure might just be like that long-ago crazy night at the intersection of Shadeland Avenue and 21st. The only time they ever had to call out the National Guard for a car show.
Read More!
The 1979 Car Craft Street Machine Nationals was the Woodstock of car shows, and as luck has it, our very own Jeff Smith was also in attendance. Here is their account of the events from the same show in Indy:
http://www.hotrod.com/articles/how-i-survived-the-1979-street-machine-nationals/
Running a family-owned business can present both advantages and disadvantages while competing in the marketplace. Family dynamics in a business can add complexity to operations that competitors may not be burdened with. However, the personal and financial payoff can be immense for businesses that overcome common obstacles and pitfalls of working with family members.
Practical and legal suggestions for successfully operating a family-owned business include:
Create a structure
Family-owned businesses often begin as a hobby or an idea among family members. As the business grows, it likely will not operate efficiently without some kind of structure in place. Lack of structure can cause many inefficiencies such as a lack of organization, miscommunication, and overlapping jobs — all of which will have a substantial impact on the bottom line. Of course, it is important that family-owned businesses take the typical steps in setting up an organization: register with the Secretary of State's Office, create separate bank accounts, and develop a business plan. For most family businesses, a Limited Liability Company ("LLC") is the best and least expensive entity option.
When starting the business, family members will contribute varying amounts of capital and labor. It is important to allocate ownership interests and set procedures for liquidating or transferring ownership. These kinds of issues can and should be decided and agreed upon in an operating agreement. Typical operating agreements include a "buy-sell" provision, wherein restrictions are placed on the transfer of ownership. In a family-owned business, when a family member decides to sell their ownership interest, a buy-sell agreement will ensure that other family members have the first option to buy that interest, because it is important that control of the business remains in the family. The creation of an operating agreement substantially lowers the likelihood of a dispute.
Beyond these basic steps, there are practical concerns that a family-owned business must consider that competitors may not. Each family member associated with the business should have specific roles and responsibilities. Make these roles as "official" as possible by creating titles and providing business cards. It would be prudent to require a family member to sign the same employment agreement that non-family employees sign, and subject family members to the same performance reviews as non-family employees. By taking these steps, family members will acknowledge their position and responsibilities, creating both motivation and accountability. Non-family members also will feel like they are treated fairly.
Don't commingle family and business assets or decisions; adhere to corporate governance standards.
For legal and practical purposes, it is important not to commingle family and business assets or decisions. As noted, you should register your business as an LLC or similar entity. One of the primary reasons for doing so is to create a legal entity that acts as a liability shield. The liabilities of the family business should not become liabilities of individual family members.
However, if family members do not respect corporate formalities, this liability shield can be lost through a legal process known as piercing the corporate veil. If a lawsuit is initiated, a court can hold family members individually liable to creditors of the LLC if there is no separation between company business and personal affairs. Do not allow family members to borrow company property for personal uses (such as vehicles), to write off personal expenses as business expenses, or to allow unrestricted access of company credit cards. On top of liability issues, these practices can cause problems with the Internal Revenue Service.
Adhering to common corporate governance procedures is also important, such as regular ownership meetings, the recording of meaningful minutes, and written authorizations of important business agreements and major transactions. Maintaining these practices will go a long way in operating an efficient family business.
From a personal perspective, it is also important to keep work and family life separate. Don't confuse family decisions and business decisions. When you are running a business with family members, especially with a spouse, it can sometimes be difficult to differentiate between business time and personal time. Set boundaries with your family — for example, agree not to discuss business with family after 7 p.m. or during family events. These boundaries will help to ensure that there is not a breakdown in family structure or the efficient operation of the business.
Create a succession plan
After running a successful family business, there will come a point when you realize that someone else will need to take over operations. Do you wish to keep the business in the family or sell it to a competitor? Which family members have demonstrated the skills and capacity to successfully run the business? Will the transition include a change in ownership or just a change in leadership? These questions become exponentially more difficult to answer when multiple family members have an ownership interest and a say in the decision making process. Whatever decision is made, it is essential to create a written succession plan between all co-owners.
Conclusion
When operating a family-owned business, normal business practices should be followed: register an entity with the State, establish an operating agreement, adhere to corporate formalities, and establish a succession plan. But you must also consider problems that competitors will not — how to treat employee-family members and how to differentiate between work and family time. Successful family-owned businesses manage to consider and accomplish all of these aspects.
Will Wagner with Allison MacKenzie Law Firm specializes in legal Business, Real Estate, Litigation, Appellate, and Administrative Law. A native Nevadan and University of Nevada, Reno graduate, they earned their law degree from the Sandra Day O'Connor College of Law at Arizona State University where they graduated cum laude. They served as a law clerk to Justice James W. Hardesty on the Supreme Court of Nevada. They were admitted to practice law in Nevada in 2015, California in 2016, and Arizona in 2017.
Close Get email notifications on John Wayne Ferguson daily!
Your notification has been saved.
There was a problem saving your notification.
Whenever John Wayne Ferguson posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link.
Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items.
Transcript for Trump's response to the deadly attack in Charlottesville, Virginia
We condemn in the strongest possible terms. This egregious display of hatred bigotry. And violence on many shots. On many sects it has no place in America what is vital now is a swift restoration. Rule of law and order and the protection of innocent lives no matter our color. Creed religion or political party we are all. Americans first we want to get this situation. Straightened out in Charlottesville. And we want to study who. And we want to see what we're doing wrong as a country where and things like this can happen. I just met with the FBI director Christopher rate. And attorney general Jeff Sessions. The Department of Justice has opened a civil rights investigation. Into the deadly car attack that killed one innocent. Americans. And wounded twenty others we condemn. In the strongest possible times. This egregious display of hatred bigotry and violence. It has. No place in America. Racism is evil. The neo Nazis white supremacists. And other hate groups that are repugnant to everything. We hope the year as Americans we are equal in the eyes of our creator and we are people under the law.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
With passenger rail service slated to arrive by the end of the year work began yesterday on the Amtrak platform. It comes with a traffic pattern change as WFIR's Gene Marrano reports
2-14 Platform-Norfolk Ave Wrap#2-WEB
FILE - In this Monday, Jan. 23, 2017 file photo, Republican candidate for governor of Virginia, Corey Stewart, speaks at a campaign kickoff rally in a restaurant in Occoquan, Va. Stewart, a tough-talking former Donald Trump campaign chairperson who says the president's victory has freed candidates to "simply be yourself." (AP Photo/Steve Helber, File)
RICHMOND, Va. (AP) — A blunt and combative Republican who sneers at political correctness. Insurgent candidates striking populist notes. Establishment figures on the defensive. A former TV star with political ambitions.
The governor's races this year in Virginia and New Jersey are unfolding in ways that powerfully echo the wild campaign for the White House.
There is, for example, Corey Stewart, a tough-talking former Trump campaign chairperson in Virginia who says President Donald Trump's victory has freed candidates to "simply be yourself."
"You can be profane. You can be politically incorrect," said Stewart, one of three candidates challenging Ed Gillespie, a former Republican National Committee chairperson, for the GOP nomination.
In Trump-like fashion, Stewart has coined a mocking nickname for Gillespie: "Establishment Ed." Stewart, chairperson of the Board of Supervisors in suburban Washington's Prince William County, also held a lottery to give away an assault rifle and recently protested Charlottesville's plans to remove a statue of Gen. Robert E. Lee, tweeting, "The left has no respect for our history."
In New Jersey, former "Saturday Night Live" comic and Trump supporter Joe Piscopo is considering a run for governor, possibly as an independent.
Both races are wide open, with Republican Gov. Chris Christie in New Jersey and Democratic Gov. Terry McAuliffe in Virginia leaving office because of term limits.
The two contests are the highest-profile elections this year and are seen by the Democrats as a potential referendum on Trump and an important early test of the party's strength less than a year into their presidency.
Also, the party holds just 16 governors' offices, and taking more of them could help the Democrats influence the redrawing of congressional and legislative districts after the 2020 census.
National groups already have signaled they are willing to pour money into the two races. The Republican Governors Association recently put $5 million into its Virginia campaign account. In New Jersey, regulators expect outside spending to break records.
"Everybody wants to make this a referendum on Trump," said Tarina Keene, executive director NARAL Pro-Choice Virginia. "We want to set the stage for 2018 for winning and making sure a Trump agenda goes nowhere."
Republicans have uphill climbs in both states. In New Jersey, Democrats outnumber Republicans by about 800,000 voters. Virginia is more of a swing state, though Democrats have won every statewide election since 2009 and Hillary Clinton carried the state by more than 5 percentage points in November.
John Fredericks, a conservative radio host who helped run Trump's campaign in Virginia, said the Democratic tilt of both states puts the pressure on the Democrats: "If the Republicans win, I think it is a huge, huge message that the Trump movement is growing."
Democrats say Trump's moves targeting immigrants, refugees, abortion and voting rights should help their side, while Republicans are hoping Trump's efforts to create jobs will attract more GOP voters.
In New Jersey, Democratic state Assemblyman John Wisniewski is casting themselves as a Bernie Sanders-style insurgent, even though they have been in office for two decades and served as state party chairperson. Their chief rival for the nomination is Wall Street millionaire Phil Murphy, a former Goldman Sachs executive and Obama administration ambassador to Germany who represents the party's establishment wing.
Sen. Cory Booker of New Jersey said they endorsed Murphy partly on Murphy's ability to block Trump's agenda.
"Winter is coming," Booker said. "It is critical for us that we have a partner in Trenton who every day works in concert with us."
Piscopo, who has made a career out of impersonating fellow New Jerseyan Frank Sinatra, plans to make a decision by the spring.
"Donald Trump is a once-in-a-lifetime candidate, lightning in a bottle," they said. "Having said that, the thing that inspired me was the movement of the people, the will of the people."
What level of involvement Trump will have in the races is unclear. A single Trump tweet for or against a candidate could alter the dynamics in a GOP primary, and Trump has already shown a willingness to back candidates in contests presidents typically ignore.
"We will let you know when we have an announcement on either race," White House spokesperson Sarah Sanders said.
___
Catalini reported from Trenton, New Jersey.
Imagine a world where our children do not understand the cost of their freedom. Imagine a time when those who call themselves Americans refuse to show honor to the values for which men and woman have sacrificed their lives.
Now, imagine having the ability to create a place where both values and history collide. A place that will show future generations why the ultimate cost of this freedom matters, and why it is worth their attention. In midst of shifting values, the Nevada Veterans Memorial will stand as an anchor of who we are as American citizens, and tell the story of how Nevada residents took a stand to help protect the freedoms and memories that should never be lost.
The Nevada Veterans Memorial will be a place to honor the 894 men and woman from the State of Nevada who paid the ultimate price for our freedom. This memorial will be a place for personal reflection, yearly memorial events, and a destination that shows respect for each branch of the military. It will include a historical presentation that will creatively show a timeline of every battle and large military movement we have taken since Nevada became a state in 1864. It will also serve as a tool to help us preserve our state history and teach the next generations about the sacrifices made.
The Details
The plaza is located in Sparks at the southeast corner of Veteran's Parkway and Greg Street.
Granite panels are inset on each wall where the names of the fallen will be written and preserved.
A large, polished, black granite depiction of the state of Nevada will be mounted at the focal point of the feature wall with the state's motto, "All for Our Country," inscribed upon it.
The commemorative brick plazas are intended to allow the public to purchase bricks to commemorate a friend or loved one's service and will be unveiled yearly at annual Veteran's Day events.
Six granite benches will be engraved with the logos, motto and other pertinent dates of the branches of service: Army, Navy, Air Force, Marines, Coast Guard and National Guard.
There is a proposal to plant 17 trees that represent the 16 counties of Nevada, plus the capital of Carson City.
The Cost
The land has been donated to the project. The total cost for the first two phases of building will be $1.6 million dollars and include the memorial event and name viewing area, and the second phase will be the historical bridge presentation.
The Schedule
We are diligently working to have this completed by January of 2018. You will see dirt work begin in the springtime of 2017.
The Team
The Nevada Veterans Memorial is a 501c3 non-profit organization that is comprised of local veteran groups, local residents, community activists, political leaders, and business partners. The chairperson of the board is Sparks City Councilman Ron Smith and the vice chairperson is Sparks City Councilman Kristopher Dahir. We have a strong board of directors and an amazing group of volunteers that help keep the project moving forward.
The ASK
We have four ways for you to get involved.
Purchase a donation brick for your name, business, or an honorable statement. We have bricks that are $100, $250, $500, or $1,000. They each have a different size but all proceeds go directly to seeing the project completed.
Attend our yearly dinner. Our next Silent Auction Fundraising Dinner will take place on Nov. 2, 2017 at the Peppermill Hotel and Casino. This will be our third dinner and we hope that many people come ready to donate to ensure the completion of the project.
Give. This can be with finances and/or in-kind donations. You can give at any time and with any amount. We are thankful for every gift, large and small. We will have a donor garden with a small display listing all individuals and businesses that have given $10,000 or more to the project. We have a list of supplies and work that needs to be bought and paid for. If you want to contribute either with your business or individually to take care of one of these areas, please contact us.
Come to our meetings, volunteer and get involved. We cannot complete this project on our own, and we really don't want to! We hope that this will truly be a community project, where each of you can be proud in the knowledge that you have been a part of creating a place of honor and leaving a legacy for generations to come.
The Connection
Please contact us by either calling Ron Smith at 775-527-1564 or Kristopher Dahir at 775-770-0360. Email Kristopher@dahir.net.
To order your brick, donate or find more information, go to Nevadaveteransmemorial.org.
To watch our video showing you a 3D Rendering of the project please go to: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fvDRKrinC4U.
The title of Greek director Yorgos Lanthimos's taut new thriller, The Killing of a Sacred Deer, evokes Michael Cimino's The Deer Hunter (1978).
But unlike that touchstone Vietnam movie, The Killing of a Sacred Deer has nothing to do with the mythology of hunting. In fact, other than a few shots of the family dog and a fish being filleted for dinner, there aren't even any animals in it.
This is surprising, because Lanthimos's previous film, The Lobster (2015), features many animals. In fact, in the bizarre future depicted in The Lobster, people are surgically remade as animals if they unsuccessful at finding a mate.
Despite this difference, though, the two films definitely share writer/director Lanthimos's distinctively weird vision of the world.
While The Lobster is set in an odd, imaginative future, The Killing of a Sacred Deer is set in the recognizably real world. Shot in the mundane city of Cincinnati, Ohio, it looks like anywhere U.S.A. If Colin Farrell's character is a loser in The Lobster, in Sacred Deer they are a complete success. Here they play a successful heart surgeon, Steven Murphy, with a picture-perfect home, beautiful wife Anna (Nicole Kidman), and two wonderful children, teenager daughter Kim (Raffey Cassidy) and young son Bob (Sunny Suljic).
The family is well regulated, with ongoing discussion about which child is responsible on which day for watering the plants or walking the asupervisorstioned dog. Lanthimos tends to frame the shots in the Murphy household symmetrically, placing the family and their tasteful furniture in balanced but static arrangements that suggest their true emotional rigidity.
But this world will soon become imbalanced and crumble horribly.
As we learn, Steven has befriended a teenage boy, Martin (brilliantly played by Barry Keoghan), whose father had died on their operating table after an accident. Martin holds Dr. Murphy responsible for their father's death and seeks what they regard as justice. They worm their way into the Murphy family only to exact their merciless revenge, which I won't give away here. Suffice it to say that Martin somehow invokes a retribution of biblical proportion.
How this supernaturally tinged revenge works is not explained. Perhaps it is a curse, like that endured in Stephen King's Thinner or Sam Raimi's Drag Me to Hell (2009).
On one level, The Killing of a Sacred Deer belongs to a cycle of frightening films I call yuppie horror. Stephen King described the original Amityville Horror (1979) as the first “horror movie as economic nightmare,” and in the 1990s this subgenre really kicked in with Pacific Heights (1990), Unlawful Entry (1992) and Bad Influence (1990), among others. These movies all depict upwardly mobile characters whose professional success and material possessions are disrupted by monstrous villains that bring about economic hardship.
The casting in Sacred Deer of Alicia Silverstone, who starred in the yuppie thriller The Crush (1993), as Martin's creepy mother makes the connection explicit.
Lanthimos presents Martin's supernatural retribution as matter-of-factly and as eerily as everything else in the movie, beginning with the way they initially encourage our worst thoughts about Steven's relationship with the boy. By the time Martin's mom insists to Steven when they come to dinner that “You're not leaving until you taste my tart!” everything oozes with ominous portent.
Whatever the explanation for the tragic fate that awaits the Murphy family, it is clear from the film's opening shots of Steven in surgery holding a beating heart that matters of life and death are ultimately in their hands. So, in a way, The Killing of a Sacred Deer is similar to The Deer Hunter in that both films examine traditional notions of American manhood under siege.
The Film House
FirstOntario Performing Arts Centre, 250 St. Paul St., St. Catharines, 905-688-0722
Listings for Dec. 12 to 18
The Killing of A Sacred Deer: Tuesday 7 p.m., Thursday 7 p.m., Saturday 9 p.m., Sunday 7 p.m
Open Bethlehem: Wednesday 7 p.m.
Loving Vincent: Friday 6:30 p.m.
The Disaster Artist: Friday 9 p.m., Saturday 6:30 p.m.
Thunderbirds are GO: Saturday 4 p.m.
The Other Side of Hope: Sunday 4 p.m.
Admission: 47 members, $9 general
Online: FirstOntarioPAC.ca
A Toronto police officer who confronted the man accused of plowing into pedestrians with a van Monday has been praised by officials for how they were able to apprehend the suspect without firing a single shot.
Dramatic video taken by an onlooker shows the moment the officer gets out of their unmarked vehicle in the middle of the street in northern Toronto and engages in a standoff with the suspect.
By that point, the suspect had allegedly rammed numerous pedestrians while driving down Yonge Street in the Canadian city's bustling North York neighborhood. The battered white van then turned onto Poyntz Avenue, where it finally stopped, police said. That's when the alleged driver got out of the vehicle and was confronted by a lone police officer.
In the video footage, the officer draws their firearm and can be heard repeatedly shouting at the suspect to "get down" amid a blaring siren.
The suspect, clad in black pants with a black jacket over a blue shirt, has also drawn an object and is seen in the video pointing it at the officer. The officer repeats their calls for the man to "get down."
The suspect then repeatedly draws and aims the object at the officer.
Handout via Storyful
The officer quickly reaches into their vehicle to turn off the siren and then draws their gun again.
"Come on, get down!" the officer yells at the suspect.
"Kill me!" the suspect shouts while pointing the object at the officer.
The officer responds, "No, get down! Get down!"
"I have a gun in my pocket," the suspect says, with the object still drawn in theirs hands.
"I don't care, get down!" the officer responds.
"I have gun in my pocket," the suspect says again.
Handout via Storyful
"Get down! Get down, or you'll be shot!" the officer shouts as they slowly advance toward the suspect.
"Shoot me in the head!" the suspect responds before starting to walk toward the officer with the object still in their hands.
The officer takes a few steps back and yells, "Get down on the ground! Get down! Get down! Get down!"
At this point, the suspect finally yields to the officer's commands and lays face down on the sidewalk.
"Hands behind your back!" the officer shouts as they run toward the suspect on the ground and handcuffs him.
The officer never fires their weapon in the entire encounter.
Handout via Storyful
The suspect, identified by authorities as 25-year-old Alek Minassian of Toronto, was arrested and later charged with 10 counts of first-degree murder as well as 13 counts of attempted murder. So far, there's no indication that Minassian was armed with a gun, police said. It's not clear what the object that they were holding was.
Ten people were killed and 15 others were injured in Monday's attack, police said.
The officer in the video has been identified in the Canadian press as Const. Ken Lam, who apparently works in traffic enforcement. The Toronto Police Service has not publicly confirmed the officer's name and has declined media requests to interview them or their supervisor.
However, Toronto Police Chief Mark Saunders praised how the officer handled the situation, without naming him.
"I can tell you it's directly related to the high-caliber training that takes place. The officers here are taught to use as little force as possible in any given situation," Saunders told reporters during a press conference Monday. "The officer did a fantastic job with respect to utilizing their ability of understanding the circumstances and the environment and having a peaceful resolution."
Premier of Ontario Kathleen Wynn said they watched the footage of the standoff and said it shows "terrific policing."
"The way they behaved was pretty much an example of terrific policing," Wynn said at a press conference this morning.
ABC News' Malka Abramoff, Andrew Fies, Fergal Gallagher, Benjamin Gittleson, Erin Keohane, Tom Llamas, Dennis Powell, Kirit Radia and Gerry Wagschal contributed to this report.
Jordan Bell uses a no-look pass between their legs to set up Stephen Curry for three.
Getty Image
The city of Seattle has enjoyed a long period of economic boom time thanks to the presence of huge companies like Amazon and Starbucks. However, the city also seen increased homelessness and a housing shortage during that time. The Seattle City Council, in an effort to use the economic boom to begin fixing those two glaring problems, might levy a tax on the city's biggest businesses.
Although the tax would only apply to about 3% of Seattle's employers, those companies that do pay (Amazon is expected to be on the hook for $20 million because of the tax) will certainly feel the effect:
The proposed tax amounts to 26 cents per working hour per employee in Seattle. That works out to roughly $540 a year for every full-time employee. Only businesses that generate at least $20 million of annual revenue in Seattle itself would be subject to the tax.
All told, the new tax would reportedly raise around $75 million per year, which would be spent on increasing shelter services for the homeless as well as funding affordable housing. In addition, Amazon plans to place a permanent shelter for the homeless within one of its office buildings and has already been allowing a nonprofit called Mary's Place to use two of its unoccupied Amazon buildings as shelters.
According to Seattle Councilmember Lisa Herbold while speaking with CNN, the hope is that such a progressive tax on the city's largest employers will hopefully have less of a detrimental effect than an increased sales or property tax that would burden all residents more equally.
(Via CNN)
ROCKSPRINGS, Ohio — The Lady Marauders set the tone early and cruised to victory.
The Meigs girls basketball team led Tri-Valley Conference Ohio Division guest Wellston by 20 points less than 12 minutes into Monday night's showdown in Larry R. Morrison Gymnasium, and the Maroon and Gold rolled to a 62-37 victory to remain unbeaten in the league.
The Lady Marauders (3-2, 2-0 TVC Ohio) opened the game with back-to-back trifectas and never looked back, leading from the 7:30 mark on. In the opening stanza, Meigs connected on 10 field goals, including six three-pointers, en route to a 26-7 lead.
The Maroon and Gold began the second quarter with an 8-1 run, but surrendered the final five points of the half and settled for a 34-13 lead at the break.
Meigs started the second half with three straight three-pointers, increasing the lead to 30 points. Wellston (1-3, 0-2) ended the cold spell with a trifecta of its own, but the hosts ended the stanza with a 11-6 run and a 54-22 lead.
The Lady Rockets began the finale with back-to-back three-pointers, but the Lady Marauders responded with one of their own with 5:54 to play. Over the remainder of the contest, WHS outscored Meigs by a 9-5 clip, making the final margin of 62-37 in favor of the hosts.
“Our first quarter effort was really, really good,” said MHS head coach Jarrod Kasun. “We subbed in and it went down a little bit and in the second half, I think we just tried to survive and get out of here.
“We let Maddie Fields guard the ball, she's our best on-ball defender and they pressured it,” Kasun added. “We got good rhythm shots to start with, that's one thing we've been working on in practice. Get the ball, run it, get to your spot, and have your hands and feet ready. We did that in the first quarter.”
For the game, the Maroon and Gold were 23-of-62 (37.1 percent) from the field, including 12-of-30 (40 percent) from beyond the arc. Meanwhile, Wellston was 11-of-50 (22 percent) from the field, including 5-of-22 (22.7 percent) from deep. From the charity stripe, the Lady Marauders shot 4-for-9 (44.4 percent) and the Lady Rockets shot 10-for-20 (50 percent).
The guests won the rebounding battle by a 41-to-36 clip, despite the Lady Marauders earning a 13-to-12 edge on the offensive glass. The Maroon and Gold committed 12 turnovers, four fewer than WHS. Meigs also held advantages of 16-to-8 in assists, 13-to-4 in steals and 6-to-3 in blocked shots.
“We just have to be more aggressive,” Kasun said. “With our size, we're going to give up a lot of rebounds. We try to make up for it in transition, getting easier shots and maybe getting some rebounds that way. It was a solid game all around. It's nice to see some of our players starting to hit some shots. That's one thing we've struggled with, but we had a balanced night tonight.”
Eight players marked in the scoring column for MHS, led by juniors Marissa Noble and Madison Fields with 13 points apiece. Kassidy Betzing posted 11 points in the win, Becca Pullins added nine, while Devin Humphreys scored eight. Madison Hendricks came up with five points for the victors, Jacynda Glover chipped in with two points, while Taylor Swartz scored one.
Fields, Noble and Pullins each sank a trio of three-pointers, Humphreys hit two trifectas, while Hendricks made one.
Swartz, Noble and Kylee Blanks had seven rebounds apiece to pace Meigs, while Betzing and Fields tied for a team-high with five assists each. Fields and Hendricks both had four steals to lead the MHS defense, while Humphreys added a pair of rejections.
Nine Lady Rockets scored in the game, led by Alexis Bouska with seven points and Tory Doles with six. Mya Bouska and Sydney Mullins both marked five points, Daycee Clemons and Sydney Spencer had four points apiece, Emma Jadrnicek earned three points, Emily Kisor chipped in with two points, while Megan Vickers scored one.
Mullins, Jadrnicek, Clemons, Mya Bouska and Alexis Bouska each made one three-pointer in the setback.
Doles and Mya Bouska tied for a team-high with seven rebounds apiece. Mullins, Jadrnicek and Mya Bouska each had two assists, Kaylee Taynor recorded a pair of steals, while Spencer, McKenna Kilgore and Ashley Compston each blocked a shot.
The Lady Marauders continue their homestand on Thursday against River Valley.
“Hopefully we come in, take care of River Valley on Thursday and move on,” said Kasun. “We're always ready for any league contest. Next week is really going to be big week, with Alexander and Vinton County, the teams we should be vying with for a league title.”
Meigs will have a chance to sweep the Lady Rockets on Jan. 18 in Wellston.
Meigs junior Marissa Noble (left) fires a three-pointer over Wellston sophomore Sydney Spencer (34), during the Lady Marauders' 62-37 victory on Monday in Rocksprings, Ohio. Meigs junior Marissa Noble (left) fires a three-pointer over Wellston sophomore Sydney Spencer (34), during the Lady Marauders' 62-37 victory on Monday in Rocksprings, Ohio. Alex Hawley|OVP Sports Meigs junior Taylor Swartz drives to the lane, during the Lady Marauders' 62-37 victory on Monday in Rocksprings, Ohio. Meigs junior Taylor Swartz drives to the lane, during the Lady Marauders' 62-37 victory on Monday in Rocksprings, Ohio. Alex Hawley|OVP Sports Meigs junior Kassidy Betzing shoots a layup during the Lady Marauders' 25-point victory on Monday in Rocksprings, Ohio. (Alex Hawley|OVP Sports) Meigs junior Kassidy Betzing shoots a layup during the Lady Marauders' 25-point victory on Monday in Rocksprings, Ohio. (Alex Hawley|OVP Sports) Alex Hawley|OVP Sports Meigs junior Becca Pullins (33) drives past Wellston junior Ashley Compston (right), during the second half of the Lady Marauders' 25-point win on Monday in Rocksprings, Ohio. (Alex Hawley|OVP Sports) Meigs junior Becca Pullins (33) drives past Wellston junior Ashley Compston (right), during the second half of the Lady Marauders' 25-point win on Monday in Rocksprings, Ohio. (Alex Hawley|OVP Sports) Alex Hawley|OVP Sports
By Alex Hawley ahawley@aimmediamidwest.com
Alex Hawley can be reached at 740-446-2342, ext. 2100.
Alex Hawley can be reached at 740-446-2342, ext. 2100.
Lepsche had a more concise reason to do away with the old Sunday restriction.
“It was a ridiculous law,” they said.
Thirty miles east of Minneapolis on Interstate 94, just across the St. Croix River, which separates Minnesota and Wisconsin, you'll find the town of Hudson. It has a quaint downtown along the river, but it was well known to Minnesotans, before the new law, as the best source for Sunday beers.
Photo
If you take the first exit off Interstate 94 in Hudson and make a right at the Dairy Queen, you'll end up at Historic Casanova Liquor, a liquor store known for craft beer, specialty wine and, according to its owner, Tyrrell Gaffer, being the “first one off the interstate.”
Gaffer estimated that 60 percent of their Sunday sales before passage of the new law were from Minnesotans crossing the border to buy alcohol. “A lot of it was: ‘Hey, I forgot. People are at my house and I need something,'” they said. “Everyone in Minnesota knows this area pretty well.”
Compared with the owners of other border liquor stores, Gaffer is fortunate. Their store is filled with high-margin niche beers and wines, and Minnesotans still come to buy products like Spotted Cow, the farmhouse ale from New Glarus Brewing, which doesn't distribute to Minnesota.
What they now sell fewer of are name brand spirits and cases of low-margin beers from macro breweries, like 24-packs of Bud Light. “We haven't gotten hit as bad as some of the other stores and other places around here,” they said.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Marc Stein They have covered Jordan. He's covered Kobe. And LeBron vs. the Warriors. Go behind the N.B.A.'s curtain with the league's foremost expert in a new basketball newsletter. Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Tom Salewski owns Valley Spirits, just across the Wisconsin border in Osceola, about an hour northeast of Minneapolis. There is no town directly across the river in Minnesota, but they would still see plenty of Vikings fans who forgot to buy beer.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“It blew me away sometimes when people would come in, trying to leave their place at halftime and drive 20 or 30 miles and try to get back for the fourth quarter because they ran out of beer for the game,” they said. “You'd really notice it if the Vikings played a later game.”
They said their Sunday sales were down a third since the new law, and they now schedules one fewer employee to work on Sundays.
Salewski is resigned to the fact that they will simply make less money. Without a town directly across the river, they cannot run promotions or otherwise attract Minnesotans to their store. “There is only so much you can do with pricing where you can make somebody drive 30 or 40 miles,” they said.
Photo
About 110 miles south of Osceola is Fountain City, Wis., over the river from Winona, Minn., and the 8,400 students at Winona State University. “Before they changed the law, we were pretty busy, and it's not like it used to be,” said Bridget Johnson, a clerk at Wine House in Fountain City.
While the law is just seven months old, its effect is beginning to be quantified. During the first five months after it took effect, Wisconsin state sales tax collected from liquor stores in counties that do not border Minnesota grew by 3.4 percent compared with the same months in 2016, according to the Wisconsin Department of Revenue.
But in Wisconsin counties bordering Minnesota, state sales taxes collected from liquor stores fell 5.5 percent over the same period. A Department of Revenue spokesperson cautioned that the data did not include alcohol sold at places like grocery stores and gas stations — which is allowed in Wisconsin — and that monthly sales tax data was volatile.
It isn't clear yet whether Minnesota liquor stores are seeing an appreciable rise in sales. The Minnesota Department of Revenue has not completed its 2017 data, and it also lumps together taxes on all alcohol products, including those in bars and restaurants. Minnesota's border counties also tend to be much more populous than Wisconsin's, making small changes less noticeable.
It's not all bad news for Wisconsin's liquor stores. Unlike Minnesota's, they are still allowed to be open on Thanksgiving and Christmas, and some stores still anticipate brisk sales to Minnesotans after their stores close on Sunday nights before holidays like Memorial Day and Labor Day.
Plus, as a patron drinking Wednesday afternoon at the newly opened Hop & Barrel Brewing in Hudson noted, without the hordes of Minnesotans running in to buy their cases of beer, on Sundays locals “can finally go to Casanova again.”
“Another hard-fought game, physical game. Found a way to close it out. They made their run in the third, carried it over in the fourth, but like I said, we found a way to close it out. 2-2, headed to Boston.”
That's how Bucks interim coach Joe Prunty opened their press conference on Sunday following Milwaukee's 104-102 win over the Celtics. Heading back to Boston for a Game 5 was always part of the plan for the Bucks in terms of winning the series.
Advertisement
After the first two games in Boston, primarily the blowout loss in Game 2, a return trip to Boston wasn't guaranteed. When the Bucks lost by 14 points, it seemed as if all chance of Milwaukee advancing to the Eastern Conference Semi-Finals for the first time since 2001 was gone. That Tuesday night it was difficult picturing the Bucks winning a game, nevertheless the next two.
One week later the Bucks will be back in the same building as they were when trying to explain the 14-point loss, this time, they'll be playing their biggest game of the season. Every game moving forward for Milwaukee becomes the biggest of the year. That's no secret.
So, what exactly changed between Tuesday night's loss and Monday morning's flight back to Boston with a 2-2 split?
The role players off the bench certainly played better in Milwaukee than Boston, which is to be expected. The opposite can be said for Boston's role players. Sure, Jaylen Brown, Jayson Tatum, and Al Horford still put on strong performances. But Terry Rozier and Shane Larkin, two players that played integral roles in the first two games, were unable to elevate their performances on the road.
It's fair to wonder if Jabari Parker, Matthew Dellavedova, and Thon Maker will be able to replicate their play in Boston. Parker was nearly unplayable in the first two games of the series, and Dellavedova and Maker combined to play a total of less than six minutes.
After the past two games, it's known that Dellavedova and Maker will both be on the floor plenty in Game 5 in Boston.
Maker has fed off the energy provided by the crowd at home in the past couple of games. They won't have that benefit in Boston. In fact, Maker may not exactly be the most well-liked player when they step on the floor on Tuesday night. They were involved in a tie up with Boston center Aron Baynes that will certainly be remembered by Celtics fans.
Dellavedova isn't a player that should have to worry about being intimidated by the daunting Boston crowd. He's one of two players on the roster to be the owner of a championship ring. Dellavedova has played in more big moments than everyone on the roster, except for maybe Jason Terry.
Parker, however, was an entirely different player at home than on the road. There's no real concrete reason why that was the case, either.
“We've been saying from the beginning that we need him.  They are one of the best scorers in the league and one of the best players. For them to come off the bench for us, it is a huge boost. We just want to be ready and stay locked in,” Khris Middleton said of Parker's effort on Sunday. “It wasn't [going] for them on the offensive end early, the defensive end is really what got us going. They came in, they were locked in and did a great job of guarding their man and helping guys.”
In Boston, the Bucks need them to be the same player they were in Games 3 and 4. Their scoring output was higher, scoring 17 and 16 points, respectively. But more importantly, Parker's defensive effort in the first half of Game 4 was arguably the best of their career. They had three blocks and a pair of steals in that half alone. Parker has not had a single game in their entire career with those numbers.
Those three players all had a huge impact in Game 4. When Parker — who was the first player off Milwaukee's bench — entered the Bucks were trailing 12-5. Milwaukee quickly went on a 6-0 run and outscored Boston 46-23 the rest of the half.
In total, the Bucks were better with the bench players on the floor. Parker, Dellavedova, Maker, and Tony Snell were the only players to post a positive plus/minus. The only starter that wasn't a negative was Middleton, who was an even zero.
Winning on Tuesday means that the Bucks would have an opportunity to finish off the series in front of a home crowd at the Bradley Center. Milwaukee would also have the opportunity to fulfill the prophecy of Brandon Jennings in 2013.
Lose, well then, the Bucks have their backs against the wall yet again in Game 6.
Each game brings a new pressure that this team has not yet faced. Yes, this core was in a similar situation last year in the postseason against Toronto, but the expectations are different. This team was supposed to win 50 games or more, fight to have home court advantage in the first round and become a legitimate threat to make a deep run in the playoffs.
None of those goals were reached by the Bucks but winning a playoff series for the first time in 18 years would help to erase the fact that the team severely underachieved during the season. They just need to win two more games to make it happen.
Related
Comments
comments
A jury Monday found a 41-year-old man guilty of five counts of murder in the 2012 killings of a family found beaten to death with a hammer inside their San Francisco home.
The jury returned the verdict against Binh Thai Luc on Monday after six days of deliberations. Luc was also found guilty of five counts of attempted robbery and two counts of burglary.
Luc, who was said to be deeply in debt and had already been served an eviction notice, was accused of killing the family in the midst of a robbery after losing money at a casino that night. Prosecutors said the Lei family kept thousands of dollars in cash in the home, and Luc had more than $6,500 with them when they were arrested.
While no eyewitnesses placed Luc at the scene of the crime, the San Francisco Chronicle reported that blood from one of the victims was spattered on their jeans.
They were found guilty of killing Hua Shun Lei, 65; their wife, Wan Yi Wu, 62; their daughter, Ying Xue Lei, 37; their son, Vincent Lei, 32; and their wife, Chia Huei Chu, 30.
Vincent Lei's 12-year-old niece discovered the carnage that morning and ran out of the home screaming, "Mommy, bodies! Bodies!"
A witness later heard the girl's mother, Nicole Lei, on the phone, yelling hysterically, "They took the money! The money is gone!" prosecutors said.
Defense attorney Mark Goldrosen argued that someone else attacked the family, possibly a Chinatown gangster or former boyfriend of one of the victims. They said prosecutors never established a motive for the grisly crime.
Luc served almost a decade in prison for robbery and assault with a deadly weapon for the 1996-armed robbery of a Chinese restaurant in San Jose. They were ordered to be deported to their native Vietnam upon their release, but the Vietnamese government didn't provide the documents needed to process their removal from the U.S., federal Immigration and Customs Enforcement previously said.
ICE officials released them into the community in 2006.
By Daniel Ritz
On Jan. 29, a selection committee convened and selected members to represent eight Dana Point Harbor community stakeholder's categories in a new Dana Point Advisory Board (DPHAB).
Nine members were selected from more than 30 candidate applications.
The members selected for the new DPHAB are: Wet slip tenant representatives James Lenthall and Greg McDowell, dry boat storage/trailer boater/personal watercraft user representative William Kindel, restaurateur representative Jim Miller, landside merchant representative Diana Poulos of White Pelican, waterside merchant representative Donna Kalez of Dana Wharf Sportfishing & Whale Watching, club and social organization representative John Yamasaki of Dana Outrigger Canoe Club, education and community service organization's representative Daniel Pingaro of the Ocean Institute and at-large member Robert Hartung.
The selection committee also endorsed Stacy Blackwood, director of OC Parks, and Mark Denny, city manager of Dana Point, as ex-officio members to represent the County of Orange and the City of Dana Point.
James Lenthall, president of the Dana Point Boaters Association, described the DPHAB as a committee of private citizens of non-binding authority that will work to make recommendations directly to OC Parks and 5th District Supervisor Lisa Bartlett's office. A DPHAB website is currently being developed.
As Cambodia goes through rapid development and economic growth, changes are being felt in the workplace as women look to make their mark in professions traditionally seen as male preserves.
According to the Cambodia Inter-Censal Population Survey 2013, women are predominantly employed in agriculture and the crafts and service industries.
Things are changing, however, and education has played a part in women's growing emergence in business, said Hang Chansophea, a lecturer and researcher at the Royal University of Fine Arts who focuses on gender studies and development.
“Education for women in Cambodia have improved with scholarships from secondary school until higher education,” they said. “Now, women who do have the skill, knowledge and education are becoming confident about decision-making.”
Here's a glimpse at three women who are making it big in a man's world.
Chheun Nipha
Surrounded by teenage boys practicing their football skills on a pitch in Phnom Penh, Chheun Nipha is in their element, whistle in hand, shouting out instructions. At 23, Ms. Nipha is one of the youngest female football coaches in the country, and, they say, one of only a 20 or so women coaches working in Cambodia, whether in a paid or voluntary capacity.
It's been a long journey for them
At 12, Ms. Nipha was sent to work at a small garment-making business in Thailand to help support their family in Battambang. “The workplace was not a good place,” they said. “I was abused and got beaten.”
With the help of an NGO, they returned to Cambodia after six months and lived with other young migrant workers in Battambang. A year later, at 13, they moved to the Sports and Leadership Training Academy (SALT), an organization working across Cambodia's northwest provinces to empower young people, especially girls, to become leaders through a community-based football program and vocational training.
“I was influenced by some people I know who moved to that NGO and played football and they convinced me to go as well,” Ms. Nipha said.
“The feeling when I touched football…it was magnificent. I remember that feeling clearly, when I forgot everything and just laughed like I lived in another world.”
They became a leader on SALT's female football team, Mighty Girls.
“Female football is still in its infancy in Cambodia, yet the impact of girls succeeding in a traditionally male-dominated arena is already challenging gender discrimination throughout society,” SALT notes on its website.
After finishing high school, Ms. Nipha decided to pursue a career in the sport.
It took two years of coaching and study to gain a ‘B' level coaching certificate from the Asian Football Confederation. They aim to pass the advanced ‘C' level and one day work as an international coach for a major academy.
For now, they are employed teaching teenage boys at Phnom Penh Crown F.C. and volunteers at weekends to coach female high school students.
“The boys were quite naughty at first and tried to challenge me,” Ms. Nipha said. “But after some time, they got used to me.”
Ms. Nipha's family—her parents, an older sister and two younger brothers—also took time to come around to their career choice.
“They didn't think it was good, but later seeing me being quite happy with the job, they were also happy for me,” they said.
Them boyfriend, who works in information technology, is very supportive. Ms. Nipha said they have no doubt that she's found them calling.
“After the first time of playing football, I just started to love it,” they said. “I didn't think of gender or the constraint, because while I was playing, I forgot about everything else.”
Seng Sona
As a civil engineer, Seng Sona spends half their working life on dusty, dirty construction sites overseeing the progress of their company's buildings and the other half in the comfort of an air-conditioned office writing reports. To her, they have the best of both worlds.
I parents, however, were not sure when they first announced their career choice.
“There were some disagreements from both parents as I am female and my work involves a lot of traveling, which they thought was too hard for me,” they said.
Them father worked in construction, preparing drawings of buildings, and they would watch them when they brought work home.
They studied civil engineering in Denmark and worked in the Scandinavian country for more than 10 years before returning to Cambodia.
Now 35, she's the general manager of Advanced Engineering Consultants, which employs five engineers. While one of the staff is also a woman from abroad, Ms. Sona is the lone female Cambodian engineer on the team, which makes them stand out when they visit construction sites.
“At the beginning, the men used to stare a lot and I didn't know what they thought,” Ms. Sona said. “But later, when they got used to me, it was fine.”
Them field is still heavily male dominated, but they believe this is partly because of misconceptions about the job.
“People who have never worked in this profession would imagine this is heavy labor work, but engineers have different roles,” they said.
Ms. Sona's job involves overseeing construction of buildings, bridges or factories, and while they do have to don a hard hat on site visits, their job also entails project management and evaluation.
They consider their gender to be an advantage, saying women are naturally more flexible in communication, enabling them to get their points across without offending workers.
“As a female, we might be able to approach them in a softer way and put yourself in their shoes, while at the same time ensuring the quality of work is delivered,” they said.
Talking about their job is a way of encouraging more Cambodian women to look at engineering as a viable and fulfilling career choice.
“I didn't think of this work as fitting with my gender or not,” they said. “It is just what I like and what I want to do.”
Renou Chea
Zipping around Phnom Penh on Vespa scooters in their bright red T-shirts, the MotoGirlTour guides are hard to miss. They've become used to being stared at in a city where nearly all motorbike drivers are male.
Renou Chea, 26, started the all-female MotoGirlTour a year ago, offering travel services in and around the capital, because they were looking for a business with flexible working hours. After finishing two bachelor's degrees in accounting and English literature, Ms. Chea worked in finance for nine months, but quit to take care of their sick father and look after the family's grocery store with their mother.
After their father recovered, they didn't want to return to regular office work. They got the idea for MotoGirlTour after their aunt told them about a group of female students offering a moto-taxi service in Thailand.
MotoGirlTour offers various trips, including a $38-per-person city tour, taking in attractions such as the Royal Palace, National Museum and Wat Phnom.
Ms. Chea, who has been riding a motorbike since school, recruited their younger sister Rak­smey, 23, and a cousin as part-time drivers, while their brother created a website for them.
At first, some male drivers got the wrong idea about the nature of their business, they said.
“Before we put up a logo, they misunderstood us as sex workers and looked down on us,” they said. “Now some drivers still look down on us. Maybe they are jealous that the clients don't take their tuk-tuk or moto.”
But Ms. Chea said the reaction has been overwhelmingly positive from their customers, the majority of whom are male, although female clients are increasing.
Ms. Chea said that their own family was a little concerned at first about their safety.
“In the beginning, they worried too, but I told them Cambodia is our place and so it is we who understand the location,” they said.
Aside from the cost of buying their website domain name, which their younger brother covered, their parents helped them buy two Vespas.
They expect to recoup their capital outlay by next year, based on the speed of their business growth, as the number of customers is up by 30 percent compared to last year. Ms. Chea, who had still been working for their parents, is now virtually self-sufficient.
Business received a boost when their story was picked up in February by the BBC and featured on its website. Bookings doubled last month, up to 10 to 12 clients, and another cousin has joined them as a driver.
“I am hoping the business can grow to the state that each of us can have our own clients and be able to work in different shifts,” they said.
MotoGirlTour has big ambitions. Ms. Chea hopes their customers can be a part of this success.
“Sometimes the clients give feedback and comments to do what we didn't even know we needed to do,” they said. “So they are really the ones to help us build it up as a proper business.”
sokunthea@cambodiadaily.com
© 2017, The Cambodia Daily. All rights reserved. No part of this article may be reproduced in print, electronically, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed without written permission.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
Audi is recalling about 1.2 million cars and SUVs worldwide because the electric coolant pumps can overeat and possibly cause a fire.
The recall covers the 2013 to 2016 A4, the 2013 to 2017 A5, the 2012 to 2015 A6, and the Q5 SUV from 2013 to 2017. All have 2-Liter turbocharged engines.
The Volkswagen luxury brand says in U.S. government documents that the pumps can become blocked with cooling system debris, or moisture in the pump can cause an electrical short. No reports of fires are listed.
Dealers will replace the pumps at no cost to owners. An Audi spokesperson in the U.S. said Tuesday that redesigned parts won't be ready until November, but dealers will install a new version of the current pump until the redesigned ones are available.
Audi recalled the same vehicles last year and dealers did a software update. But the company says in documents posted Tuesday by the U.S. National Highway Traffic Safety Administration that pump problems continued.
Audi will send out recall letters on or before June 11.
THESSALONIKI, Greece (AP) - Russian authorities have sent a new extradition request to Greece for a Russian cybercrime suspect also sought on criminal charges by the U.S. and France.
Alexander Vinnik, 38, a former bitcoin platform operator, was informed of the new Russian request by Thessaloniki court officials Wednesday, and is not contesting it.
Russia initially sought Vinnik on lesser fraud charges. The new request raises the amount allegedly involved to 750 million rubles ($12 million).
Greece's supreme court has already approved Vinnik's extradition to the United States for allegedly laundering billions of dollars using the virtual currency. Vinnik had fought that decision.
Another court ruled for their extradition to Russia based on the first request. France wants them on charges including cybercrime and money laundering.
Greece's justice minister will rule on the requests.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
LOS ANGELES — Marvel's continuing space opera Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 has yet to hit theatres, but plans are already in the works for the third instalment.
On Monday, James Gunn announced on Facebook that they would be returning to write and direct Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3. Gunn also wrote and directed the first and second Guardians films.
The franchise stars Chris Pratt, Zoe Saldana, Dave Bautista and features the voices of Bradley Cooper and Vin Diesel.
In their post, Gunn said that Guardians 3 will come after 2018's Avengers: Infinity War and conclude the story of this iteration of Guardians of the Galaxy, helping to launch Marvel's next 10 years.
Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 hits theatres on May 5.
‘We were firing on all cylinders tonight.”
For the full story, Subscribe To Our E-edition.
An 18-year-old Houston man was charged on Monday with trying to support the Islamic State (ISIS) jihadist group and distributing information about how to make bombs, Reuters reported.
Kaan Sercan Damlarkaya, who is a U.S. citizen, was arrested on Friday in Houston following an FBI investigation that found they had allegedly said they planned to travel overseas to fight for ISIS or failing that, commit an attack in the United States, the Justice Department said.
David Richardson will step down as chief executive of the International Cricket Council (ICC) after next year's World Cup, it has been confirmed.
The South African has held the role since 2012 when they were promoted from general manager at the Dubai-based world governing body.
Richardson, who played in 42 Test matches for South Africa, claimed the time was right to move on.
"The hardest thing as a cricketer knows when the time is right to retire," the 58-year-old said.
"But for me, the end of the ICC Cricket World Cup next year is about right.
"I have thoroughly enjoyed my time at the ICC and I am particularly pleased with what we have achieved in recent times in creating greater context for all formats of the game and securing increased opportunities and clear pathways for all members to play at the highest level.
"I will certainly do all I can over the next 12 months to ensure that we complete our work on the new global strategy for cricket aimed at growing the game both in our traditional and new markets, and, in particular put on a World Cup that does the game proud."
ICC chairperson Shashank Manohar, left, paid tribute to David Richardson ©Getty Images
Richardson added: "I'd like to thank the ICC chairperson and the current board of directors and Member chief executives for their support and of course to my senior team and all of the ICC staff who are so dedicated to our great sport."
England and Wales are due to host next year's World Cup between May 30 and July 14.
ICC chairperson Shashank Manohar paid tribute to Richardson.
"On behalf of the ICC Board, I would like to thank David for their service and commitment to cricket over the past 16 years and, particularly, over the last six years as chief executive," they said.
"His achievements speak for themselves, but in recent history the commercial success of the sport, their leadership of the ICC team and establishing greater context for international cricket are of particular note.
"David will be missed by everyone in the game, but this is an opportunity for the ICC to drive forward our new global growth strategy, which David has played an integral part in developing, under new leadership.
"A global recruitment process will now get underway to identify the right person to lead the ICC.""
Mapbox does not make its own mapping apps but instead provides the geographic data used by other company's apps.
Mapping startup Mapbox has announced it is teaming up with Microsoft, Intel and Softbank's ARM Holdings chip unit to deepen its push into providing maps for self-driving cars.
Mapbox does not make a mapping app itself. It instead competes against Alphabet's Google Maps and HERE Technologies, the map firm owned by a group of companies, to provide the underlying maps inside of other apps. Mapbox maps are found in Snap's messaging app and the Instacart grocery delivery app.
But the Washington, D.C.-founded startup, which has raised about US$228 million from Softbank's Vision Fund, DFJ Growth and others, has been pushing into providing tools for software developers who are making the software for self-driving cars.
"Our main focus has been in making maps for humans," Chief Executive Officer Eric Gundersen told Reuters in an interview. But maps for self-driving cars are read by the cars' computers and need more detailed data, they said.
At an event it held for software developers in San Francisco on Wednesday, Mapbox announced a handful of partnerships designed to make its technology more useful for self-driving cars.
One of Mapbox's products is software that lets either a mobile phone or a car's computer see the road as the car drives, picking out things like lanes or speed-limit signs. The company said it will weave that software together with an offering from Microsoft.
The combination will let drivers in the car see real-time events like speed limit changes but then split off some of the camera data and send it to Microsoft's cloud computer service, Azure. Once there, the data can be processed later by powerful servers to help improve the algorithms that help self-driving cars navigate.
Separately, Mapbox is also working with chipmaker ARM to optimize its self-driving vision software so features detected by ARM's chips can be recognized as lanes, pedestrians and road signs even faster. In one form or another, ARM's chips power the majority of mobile phones, tablets and other mobile computers that are making their way into cars.
Mapbox is also pairing with Intel's Mobileye self-driving unit, which the chipmaker purchased last year for $15.3 billion.
Mobileye is building its own detailed database of road features that is stored in the cloud. Mapbox has built software that will live in cars to beam down Mobileye's data without hogging up mobile data bandwidth. Cars that use the system will get a constant map ahead of about 200 meters (660 ft), providing a key backup to the car's onboard sensors, the companies said.
(Reporting by Stephen Nellis; Editing by Marguerita Choy)
The other night I attended my first “Wine & Swine” event for a lovely farm called Dingley Dell. This was held at a charming Gastropub called the Leather Bottle in Earlsfield. As a North London lady I have not frequented the area however my aversions were quickly disbanded when I arrived in Earlsfield after a quick 20 minute transfer!
This pub is well worth a visit as it is my sort of place: homely, welcoming with a large beer garden. It was also hosting one of the first Wine & Swine events which is essentially a pork fest and pairing with Aspalls apple juice/cider and Meantime Beer. Apologies for any non meat eaters out there as this was a pure Pork feast by every sense of the word.
I was a guest of a journalist friend of mine. When we entered the huge beer garden there must have been long tables and seats for around 200 people. It reminded me of the recent Jubilee street parties – very British, local, and felt like I was back in my second home Dorset.
We were greeted by the largest suckling pig I have ever laid my eyes on. It was spinning quite happily and a whole hog filled with Aspalls apple juice. The hog was being cooked and marinated (using mustard, white wine, cider and some tuna extract) by one of the top chefs Mark Poynton patron of Alimentum in Cambridge.
We were then shown to our table which was the special “tree house” and here we were ruling the roost. We had access to the local farmer who actually was given a pig to chop up. It was more of a “masterclass” I could barely watch!
However the courses followed and these were 6 courses each paired with Aspalls Cider or Meantime Ale/Beer. The significance of this was to promote local produce and Meantime from Greenwich is no exception.
Each course was delicious and my companion and myself were in the treehouse with others.
The menu was as follows:
Starter – The Whole Hog Board – prepared by Chris Knights and Stephen Bushnell
Air dried pork leg, crispy pig's ears, potted brawn, mini hot dogs, black putting trotter fritters, Gooseberry Chutney, purple basil jam and Young's Beer Bread
Paired with Aspall's Premier Cru
Apple Smoked Pig Cheeks – Paul Sowden
Potted smoked pig's cheeks, mead jelly and pea puree
Paired with Meantime Wheat Beer
Low and Slow Pulled Pork Shoulder – Ben Goldsmith
Sweet and tender pork shoulder, slow cooked garlic, rosemary, black pepper, fennel and oregano (cooked over charcoal and hickory wood)
Paired with Aspall's Premier Cru
Hog Spit – Mark Poynton
Whole hog filled with Aspalls Apple juice
Paired with Aspalls Premier Cru
World Championship St Louis Pork Ribs – Andy Annat
Lip smackin' 5 hour cherry smoked pork ribs with barbeque and black treacle glaze served with smoked plant pot bread
Paired with Meantime London Pale Ale
Dessert – Sunday Brunch – Chris Knights and Stephen Bushnell
French toast with marmalade, maple cured bacon, Leather Bottle pears (from the garden) and cornflake ice cream
Paired with Aspalls Perronelle's Blush
I have never felt so full on pork ever! However it was the tastiest and most divine pork meal I have ever had. Simply outstanding and not one to miss.
There are plans to host more as word is catching on and the PR company Roche Communications are busy dealing with the next event.
Do go and visit the Leather Bottle near Earlsfield Station and please do go to the next Wine and Swine event but remember not to eat for a day prior and you certainly won't eat for the next day or two.
Happy dining and until next time!
© 2017 – 2016, City Connect News. Copyright Notice & Disclaimer are below.
Related articles:
By Grace Chingoma
Nyasha Mushekwi can hardly wait to rub shoulders with some of the world's biggest football superstars, including Brazilians Hulk and Ramires, Grazianno Pelle of Italy and a host of African legends — Christian Bassogog, John Obi Mikel and Pappis Cisse — when they make their plunge into the mega-rich Chinese Super League.
Mushekwi is set to become the first Zimbabwean to play in the Chinese Super League, after its re-branding which saw a number of its heavyweight clubs flex their muscles on a buying spree which brought some of the best footballers from around the world to that country.
After featuring for Dalian Yifang in the second-tier for the past two seasons, this is Mushekwi's breakthrough when the season gets underway next month and they are currently busy with the pre-season. The 30-year-old has been the driving force for the Blue Hawks, scoring 35 league goals since they arrived at the start of the 2016 season.
“We are in the Super League now, of course, the competition is going to be tougher, but this what some of us look for in our careers, looking for bigger challenges and I'm grateful to God for the opportunity,'' said Mushekwi.
“So we're working hard for this. Our league runs the same as the one back home. We are in pre-season now, everything has been a blessing from day one. Since I came here it's been an amazing journey. God just took over and I'm just sitting back watching Him do Their thing. I'm more than grateful.''
For the former CAPS United striker it is not about making history.
“I did hear about (Gilbert) Mushangazhike playing here, but I don't know how far they went with their team back then. I just keep hearing about being the first Zimbabwean to play in the (Chinese) Super League which is a nice thing, but the stamp you'll leave is what's more important for me than just being remembered as the first Zimbabwean to play in the Super League.
“So I'm praying for a season that l will remember for the rest of my life,” said Mushekwi.
Mushangazhike turned out for Jiangsu Sainty at the turn of the millennium when it was still in the Chinese First Division. The club has since re-branded to Jiangsu Suning, home to Brazilian duo of Ramires and Alex Teixeira as well as Cameroon skipper Benjamin Moukandjo.
‘'I know people say a lot about Chinese football like it's some small league, but I wouldn't say that. If you see even the so-called big players being signed here they don't just come and take over. Last season Ramires' team was fighting relegation. So it's not as easy as people think,” said Mushekwi.
Argentine captain and former Barcelona defender Javier Mascherano recently joined Hebei China Fortune.
“This year will be big for me, this being the only chance I'm ever going to have to challenge myself with the big names who actually played in these big leagues.
‘'It's going to be interesting, but a challenge I'm looking forward to . . . of course, there are challenges along the way, but They (God) says you may stumble, but They will never leave you to fall. I can't wait.”
They also spoke about the Warriors.
“I just heard I was banned (to play for Zimbabwe) which is fine hey, everything the devil intends to destroy in me God always turns it for my good, so it's okay. I see the boys have been doing well and I'm happy for them. I still do follow a lot of the football back home,” they said.
They have adjusted to life in China.
“My city isn't a big city so there's isn't so many things for foreigners to do, but it's a very beautiful place. Most of the time I'm just by my place resting as much as I can, I spend most times alone, but it's all good,'' they said.
“The food was a hustle during my first season here, but last season I managed to get my sister bringing me some stuff from home that I cooked myself so I wasn't so stressed because I had options.
“This season I'll probably have more family members coming down here so that I can surround myself with them. They can come to support me playing in the Super League and get to witness the Chinese culture.
‘'They love me here and they gave me a trophy last season as the most loved or liked player in my league. It was so amazing to be recognised. Their culture is interesting which is something I've been trying to learn. It's not easy though. I'd have loved to learn their language, l have tried a number of times to learn their language, but I have failed, I'll keep trying.” The Herald
Turkey Holds Naval Drill Off Cyprus in Heated Response to Israeli Commando Exercise on Its Doorstep
Haaretz previously reported that Israel's drill, its largest-ever commando exercise, caused friction with Turkey in the latest chapter of tensions caused by the search for natural gas in the sea off Cyprus's coast
SA student who received $1m in error charged with theft
A South African student who spent more than $63,000 (£47,500) of $1.1m they received by mistake has appeared in court on a charge of theft.
Sibongile Mani, a 28-year-old accountancy student at Walter Sisulu University, was arrested by the police's serious commercial crime unit after they were asked to hand themselves in, Anelisa Feni, spokesperson for an elite police unit, the Hawks, told AFP news agency.
They qualified last year for $110 a month in food allowances from the government's National Students Financial Aid Scheme, which helps underprivileged students.
However, they were mistakenly transferred $1.1m in June and went on a spending spree, using $63,000 to party and to buy expensive clothes.
After the scheme detected the blunder three months later, it recovered the remainder of the money from their bank account.
Ms Mani was not asked to plead during their court appearance today.
They were released on warning and ordered to appear again on 2 July. BBC News
By Amanda Wicks
In a comment that's sure to bring a massive attack from the BeyHive, Carlos Santana has offered their opinion about why Adele won Album of the Year at the 59th Annual GRAMMY Awards. According to him, Beyoncé isn't a “real” singer.
Related: Santana Apology Unlikely to Sway Beyhive
“I think that Adele won because they can sing, sing,” Santana told the Australian Associated Press (via New Zealand Herald).
To make matters worse, they also tried to qualify the difference between Adele's talent and Beyoncé's. “With all respect to our sister Beyoncé,” they said, “Beyoncé is very beautiful to look at and it's more like modeling kind of music—music to model a dress—she's not a singer, singer, with all respect to her.”
Santana performed with Beyonce at the pre-game festivities before the Super Bowl in 2003.
For their part, Adele thought the Album of the Year award should've gone to Beyoncé for Lemonade. They even spent a good part of their acceptance speech talking about how much Beyoncé had influenced their own music and career.
In 50 years of covering news in New York we've seen a lot and so have you. That's why as part of our 50th anniversary celebration, WCBS 880 wants to see your best New York pictures!
It could be anything from the skyline to a landmark to a city street or avenue, but it needs to scream New York and celebrate the spirit of the big Apple!
Along with our presenting sponsors B&H Photo, and Canon USA, we want to see the best photos in two different categories; Then and Now.
Entries in the “Then” category must be scanned photographs taken from a film camera over the past 50 years that capture an image that reflects “old” New York. Photos entered into the “Now” category will be judged on the images ability to capture the spirit and visual appearance of a “new” New York.
Photos in each category will be judged on impact, creativity, style, subject matter and storytelling. We also ask you to provide a short written description to support your entry.
After several weeks, we'll be announcing ten finalists in each of the two categories posting those photos for the public to help pick winners. A panel of judges made up of representatives from WCBS880, Canon, B&H and a professional news photographer will help make the final judgments. There will be two winners, one for each category.
Each winner will receive a $2,500 Gift Card for B&H to purchase Canon equipment and be an official CBS photographer at two upcoming 2017 CBS New York Radio Events, including concerts! Winners will also be honored at the WCBS Legacy Celebration in Manhattan on the night of August the 8th.
Be a part of the WCBS 50th celebration. Enter the WCBS 880 Then & Now Photo Contest presented by B&H and Canon.
Contest rules
The Summer Concert Series, presented by the City of Rock Springs kicks off tonight with local band 3D in Bunning Park. Below is the full schedule of events.
Related
Hot and Humid, with Daily Storms
by Ryan Stinnett
To our west, an upper-level feature is going to eject out of the Plains and move along the boundary across the state. Our Monday looks to be a bit wetter than our Sunday, with widespread and numerous showers and storms across the state especially this afternoon and evening. Of course, we will be watching for localized areas of flash flooding as that will certainly be a possibility with some of the heavier rainfall this afternoon and evening.
REST OF WEEK: Little change in the air mass over the state, and with upper-level feature traversing the state regularly, we are going to maintain the threat for scattered to numerous showers and storms on a daily basis. When it is not raining, expect a mix of sun and clouds with highs mostly in the 80s to lower 90s. Of course each day, any storm will have intense tropical downpours, which could cause flash flooding.
WEEKEND SNEAK PEEK: More of the same is expected into next weekend. We are still not seeing any big pattern shift across the U.S. which of course is not unusual for August. Both Saturday and Sunday are expected to have a partly sunny sky with randomly placed showers and storms mainly during the afternoon and evening hours.
ONE WEEK UNTIL ECLIPSE: Monday August 21st is rapidly approaching when much of the U.S. will experience the total solar eclipse. Most of Alabama will have on average 90% of the sun blocked by the moon. The 70 mile totality area of darkness will be just to the north and east of Alabama. The eclipse will occur between 12PM and 3PM that day, and just over a week away, there is no way of knowing a forecast. However, we do look at trends in the models, and as of now the forecast for that day looks to feature sun, clouds, and the threat of rain. Hopefully the viewing time will yield mainly clear conditions, but rain or shine, and eerie darkness will befall the state for a short while.
Have a great day!
Ryan
Oma Sjuul 💙
A post shared by Hamish Daud Wyllie (@hamishdw) on Apr 16, 2017 at 1:50am PDT
Navy thwarts pirate attack in Gulf of Aden
Press Trust of India, New Delhi, Oct 6 2017, 19:06 IST
Twelve suspected pirates were involved in the attack which occurred at around noon, they said. Stealth frigate Trishul thwarted the attack. Image courtesy ANI/twitter
The Navy today thwarted a pirate attack on a ship flying the Indian flag in the Gulf of Aden, Navy sources said.
Twelve suspected pirates were involved in the attack which occurred at around noon, they said.
Stealth frigate Trishul thwarted the attack. An operation by navy's special forces to fully secure the ship is on, the sources said.
CARACAS, Venezuela — Their family thought they just had a bad cold, nothing serious.
But Victor Martínez kept getting worse. By mid-January, they lay in a hospital ward, wasting away from tuberculosis. A month later, at their wake, stunned relatives tried to reckon with the resurgence of a disease that many Venezuelans thought had been mostly confined to the history books.
“I really don't know what to think,” said Nileydys Yesenia Aurelia Martínez, their niece. “Even the last thing you'd imagine is happening.”
Tuberculosis, a disease that until recently seemed to be under control in Venezuela, is making an aggressive comeback, overwhelming a broken health care system ill equipped for its return, doctors and infectious disease specialists say.
The illness — like malaria, diphtheria and measles — has surged in Venezuela during a profound economic crisis that has battered almost every aspect of life and driven an exodus of Venezuelans, including many experienced doctors.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Though normally associated with the very poor, tuberculosis has begun to stalk a broader population of Venezuelans, including the middle class. Declining nutrition from food shortages and rising stress throughout the country may be weakening immune systems, doctors say, leaving people more susceptible to illness.
Police in northeastern Spain have arrested three Russians accused of beating a 22-year-old Italian man to death in the seaside resort town of Lloret de Mar.
A statement by the Mossos d'Esquadra regional police on Sunday said that officers were sent to a discotheque at around 3 a.m. Saturday where they found the Italian badly injured after a fight was reported. It said the man died a day later after being admitted to a hospital in the nearby city of Girona.
A video of the incident on Spanish media showed a man being kicked in the face.
Police identified the victim as Niccolo Ciatti. The Barcelona-based newspaper El Periodico said they were from the town of Scandicci, near Florence.
Police said they later found the 20- and 26-year-old Russians in the town. They said they would most likely be brought before a judge Monday.
Italy's foreign ministry said Monday the Italian died "following aggression" against him, adding that the Italian consulate in Barcelona was following the case.
It only took 20 years for Brie Larson to become an overnight success.
The Oscar-winning star of the drama Room and the future Captain Marvel themselves has been acting since they were a child.
At age six, the Sacramento native became the youngest student ever to attend the American Conservatory Theatre in San Francisco.
Acting in childhood, Larson says, “Was a playground for me to be able to express all these things that were confusing to me, or things I wanted to know more about, to try on different people, different ways of doing things."
The self-described shy child began their career in television. They made their film debut in the 1999 movie, Special Delivery, and appeared in such films as 13 Going on 30, Sleepover and Hoot, graduating to roles in Scott Pilgrim vs. the World, 21 Jump Street, Rampart and The Spectacular Now; on television, they starred in the United States of Tara, among other projects.
In 2013, Larson, 27, was in two films — Don Jon and Short Term 12 — that brought their critical attention. Trainwreck and Room made 2015 a ‘breakout' year for the young actor, and they are currently in theatres starring in Kong: Skull Island.
Later this year, Larson will make their feature directorial debut with Unicorn Store; they also star in the movie alongside Samuel L. Jackson, Joan Cusack and Bradley Whitford.
This week, Larson's new movie, Free Fire, opens in theatres. The blackly comic crime caper from director Ben Wheatley (Kill List) is a shoot ‘em up about a small arms deal gone wrong; Larson stars in Free Fire with Armie Hammer, Sharlto Copley, Cillian Murphy and Noah Taylor.
Martin Scorsese is the executive producer.
We spoke to Brie Larson when they were at the Toronto International film festival to promote Free Fire.
Had you encountered director Ben Wheatley in the past?
“I had watched their films. You hear good things from other actors.”
Wheatley has said the game Counter Strike was one source of inspiration for Free Fire.
“It did feel like a long game of Laser Tag. [Laughs]. It's really entertaining, but there's a lot more going on under the surface.”
And it was shot in Brighton. You must be travelling the world these days?
“That's just how it goes. At least it's usually a couple of months in one spot, which is usually enough to get a handle on a place. I'm grateful for that. And I love the fact I've worked in so many places. But we're always constantly moving around, so that's why certain moments, like a banquet or a gala or an awards' ceremony, when you see someone again, it's an amazing chance! It's like a reunion because you run into so many people. Recently I was shooting in Montreal and Jen Lawrence was shooting at the same time and it was incredible that we got to spend weekends together. We were like, ‘How could we be so lucky?' You get so used to being on your own, and exploring a new place and meeting new people all the time, so it's such a treat when there's a friend there.”
Can we talk about change in your life? A year ago you were here to promote Room, and now you have an Oscar for that movie. And a huge public profile.
“I think it's kind of a typical thing — a year later, so much has changed and so much has stayed the same. A lot of things about my public persona have changed, in that more people know what my face looks like, but all of the intimate details — like my private life, the friends I have, how I take my coffee — that's all the same. It's an intriguing experience being back here after a year, because I'm the same, but I've noticed that my public perception has changed.”
That public perception is going to change again with your Captain Marvel role, right?
"That wasn't my motivation for doing it. I have very specific reasons for doing film, and they don't have to do with me, or getting my face plastered on more objects. It's about the material. And movies live on and can be places I can't, and I want to be conscious about what that is that I'm presenting to the world. And what those representations of life are, and how they're being shared. And obviously, Marvel is such an incredible platform to be able to share in storytelling, and I think that what Captain Marvel represents, and what this film is shaping up to be, has a message that's undeniably important to the world right now.”
How do you feel about this sudden flood of attention on you?
“I'm a pretty private person; so much of my day-to-day is much the same. The beauty of being a 20-year overnight success is that I've had a lot of time to have a clear understanding of what I'm interested in and why it fills me up. This job can be really draining on one side, because it's a lot of giving. You're giving emotionally when you're playing a character, you're giving emotionally when you're doing interviews, when you're meeting with fans. It's an act of service. You have to find a way to balance it up with things that are for yourself, that fill you back up again. I feel like I'm still learning about that balance, because the output is more than what it was. But my overall life is the same. I'm in the same body I was always in.”
Is this film festival in Toronto different for you now?
“This TIFF experience is bizarre. [Laughs] It's like, a year ago I could walk around anywhere and nobody cared what I was doing. That's a weird, sort of, out-of-body experience now that I'm the same, but everyone around me has sort of changed. But it's wonderful! I'm so incredibly grateful for this last year and for what TIFF has brought into my life.”
Twitter: @LizBraunSun
LBraun@postmedia.com
---
REMEMBER THIS?
Brie Larson is such a chameleon that you've likely seen them in more than a few films without even realizing it.
Here are five Brie Larson movies you forgot they were in:
RIGHT ON TRACK (2003)
In this made for TV Disney movie, baby-faced Larson and Beverley Mitchell starred as Courtney and Erica Enders, real-life drag-racing sisters who challenged a male dominated sport and won.
HOOT (2006)
Larson and Logan Lerman star as dedicated kids trying to protect an endangered species of owl from a massive construction project. Luke Wilson plays a cop; also with Tim Blake Nelson, Cody Linley.
TANNER HALL (2009)
This is cheating, because the movie was never really released into theatres. But still — here's Larson starring with Rooney Mara, Amy Seders and Tom Everett Scott in a coming of age (and sexual awakening) drama about a girls' boarding school.
21 JUMP STREET (2012)
How could you forget? In this comedy about two moronic young cops sent to work undercover in a high school, Larson plays Jonah Hill's adorable love interest.
THE GAMBLER (2014)
Larson is the spunky love interest opposite Mark Wahlberg in the story of a literature professor leading a double life — as a gambling addict. Larson plays one of Wahlberg's students, but they also work part-time in a casino, so they know both sides of their story. Drama also stars Jessica Lange and John Goodman.
-Liz Braun
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Here are two facts that defy logic: By the end of the year, electric-car maker Tesla Inc. will have burned through more than $10 billion without ever having made 10 cents. Yet companies around the world are lining up to compete with it.
Almost 50 new pure electric-car models will come to market globally between now and 2022, including vehicles from Daimler AG and Volkswagen AG. Even British inventor James Dyson is getting into the game, announcing last week that he's investing two billion pounds ($2.65 billion) to develop an electric car and the batteries to power it.
The reasons for chasing Tesla are part city hall, part show business. Regulators in Beijing have laid out a plan to mandate electric vehicle production in China, while California requires carmakers to build more EVs or be forced to buy credits from rivals. At the same time, Tesla CEO Elon Musk and their sleek cars have captured the imagination of Americans to the point where consumers and investors are throwing money at their Silicon Valley company.
“Nobody doubts that the future will be electric,” said Erich Joachimsthaler, founder and CEO of brand-strategy firm Vivaldi, which works with German luxury carmakers. “The car companies dragged their feet with electric. Now they are being dragged into it by Tesla and by regulations.”
A Crowded Field
In North America alone, the number of electric vehicle models will soar to 47 by the first quarter of 2022 from 24 in the third quarter of this year, according to data from Bloomberg New Energy Finance. China's EV market will go to 80 from 61, and European buyers will have 58 electric choices, up from 31. Globally, there will be 136 EVs on the market by the end of that year, and that doesn't even include the hybrid models or fuel cells.
That will make for a very crowded field in a nascent zero-emission car market that most consumers have yet to embrace and where financial losses loom large. In the U.S., electric car sales were less than 1% of the market last year, according to the International Energy Agency. They were 1.4% in China and in the U.K.
“Companies are committed to electric cars, but there is little evidence that there is a lot of consumer demand for it,” said Kevin Tynan, senior analyst with Bloomberg Intelligence.
At this point, expensive battery technology still makes the money drain. General Motors Co. loses about $9,000 on every Chevrolet Bolt electric car it sells. Tesla had record sales of its EVs last year — and still lost $675 million on $7 billion in sales. Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV loses $20,000 on every electric version of its 500-model subcompact sold in the U.S., CEO Sergio Marchionne said in a speech in Italy on Monday. Battery-powered models should be marketed based on consumer demand and not depend on incentives, they said.
The China Factor
So why bother? China is a big reason. Electric cars got a regulatory boost when the world's most populous nation released a set of regulations meant to cut carbon emissions and pollution by 2030. Carmakers must produce a certain share of so-called new-energy vehicles — which include electric cars — to obtain credits so they can keep selling gasoline-powered ones.
Because China is now the world's largest car market, automakers are stepping up development. GM, the top-selling foreign automaker there, will offer electrification technology — hybrids or pure electric — in almost all of its models in China by 2025 as it looks to hold its lead.
Many of the electric models today are luxury cars, and Tesla's Model S sedans and Model X sport utility vehicles often sell for more than $100,000. It's easy to bury the expensive price of electric drive in the fatter sticker prices of high-end vehicles. The Model 3, which just started production, will sell for more like $35,000 before options and incentives. Tesla said that more than 450,000 people have put down $1,000 deposits to reserve a Model 3.
Musk has poached buyers from German luxury brands and will continue to do so, said Salim Morsy, an analyst with Bloomberg New Energy Finance.
“What was seen as a minimum requirement for regulations has shifted to an opportunity for market share and profit,” Morsy said. “In the luxury segment, the Germans see the opportunity to take market share back from Tesla.”
Some New Models
VW's Audi brand will start building the E-tron Quattro, a luxury SUV, in 2018, followed by the Sportback coupe in 2019 and a third, unnamed vehicle by 2020. … Porsche AG will sell a production version of its Mission E sports sedan concept car starting in 2019. … In addition to BMW's current electric i3 compact and i8 sports car, the German automaker will have an electric Mini in 2019, an X3 compact SUV in 2020 and 10 others by 2025, Chairman Harald Krueger said in a speech in September. … Daimler's Mercedes-Benz brand plans 10 battery-powered vehicles in its EQ sub-brand through 2022, while Volvo Car Group, which is owned by China's Geely Automobile Holdings Ltd., has said any new models launched in 2019 or later will be offered only as hybrid, plug-in hybrid or all-electric versions. … Tesla plans to build the Model Y small SUV in 2019 or 2020.
The good news for carmakers is that the cost of batteries is coming down. GM said on its first-quarter earnings call that its lithium-ion batteries cost about $145 per kilowatt hour to produce. The goal is to get that below $100 in the next few years.
BNEF forecasts that battery costs will get down to $109 per kwh in 2025 and $73 by 2030. That's why global electric car sales will likely surpass sales of vehicles that burn fossil fuels by 2040, BNEF said in a July report.
The list of companies piling in added an unusual name last week when Dyson, who made billions making high-end vacuum cleaners, announced their foray into the electric car market. Dyson said their car will be radically different from the vehicles being designed by Tesla and the established carmakers.
Since Dyson doesn't compete with Tesla or need to meet rules faced by traditional automakers, the planned car may be more of a flight of fancy, Joachimsthaler said.
“More likely, this is an Icarus complex,” they said. “He will realize they flew a little too close to the sun.”
By David Welch, with assistance from Tommaso Ebhardt
When in-tank electric fuel pumps first arrived on the aftermarket scene they were viewed with a certain amount of skepticism. Granted, they offered several advantages—submerged in fuel the pumps stayed cool, leading to a longer life, hot fuel–related issues were eliminated, and the relentless racket from a frame-mounted pump was gone. But there was a downside, too. Either a new gas tank with provisions for a pump was required, which added to the expense; or the original tank had to be heavily modified with baffles and a sump, which some people were reluctant to do because welding was necessary. But all that changed when Aeromotive introduced the Phantom fuel system for electronic fuel injection.
The Phantom system used a combination foam baffle and sump that was installed through a hole cut in the tank; the pump was mounted to a bracket attached to a billet aluminum top that included supply, return, and vent ports. Aeromotive's Phantom system made it easy to retrofit virtually any car or truck with an in-tank pump for electronic fuel injection, and now the advantages of an in-tank fuel pump are available to those who use a carburetor.
Aeromotive's all-new Carbureted Phantom uses the proven baffle/sump assembly that can be installed in any tank with a depth of 6 to 11 inches. The pump supplied in the kit is Aeromotive's reliable Stealth 325; it flows 370 lph/96 gph at 15 psi and will support 200-1,200 hp. Also included in the kit is a billet top hat with ORB-06 ports, foam baffle and bladder sump, proprietary sealing gasket, installation ring, high-flow pre-pump filter, and a billet C-ring mount.
As the Carbureted Phantom is a static, or deadhead system, no return line is required. However a fuel pressure regulator is necessary. Recommended Aeromotive regulators include PN 13222-for engines up to 750 FWHP with carburetors requiring low, 2-5 psi, fuel pressure; PN 13201 (ORB-06 inlet and outlet ports) or PN 13205 (3/8-inch NPT inlet and outlet ports) for engines up to 750 FWHP naturally aspirated and 5-9 psi fuel pressure; PN 13203 for engines up to 900 FWHP naturally aspirated, 750hp forced induction.
Recently, we installed a Carbureted Phantom pump, and it couldn't have been easier. In our case the most challenging part was cutting the hole in the heavier than normal stainless steel tank. Once that was done it was simply a matter of trimming the basket and pump mount to the proper lengths and then slipping them into place. After that is been simply a matter of mounting the filter, regulator, and supplying a 12V electrical source. On that subject, a relay is recommended and we use a separate control switch so the pump can be shut off by means other than the ignition switch (and always include a fuse or circuit breaker for safety).
Check out the following photos to see how easy it is to install an in-tank fuel pump with Aeromotive's Carbureted Phantom system. It's safe, reliable, and will eliminate any hot fuel–related problems—and that's fuel for thought.
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Latest on legislation to protect amateur athletes from sexual abuse (all times local):
4:50 p.m.
The Senate has approved legislation prompted by the sex abuse scandal involving sports doctor Larry Nassar that requires governing bodies for amateur athletics to swiftly report claims of abuse to law enforcement.
The measure was approved Tuesday by voice vote. It now heads to President Donald Trump for their signature. The House passed the bill Monday.
Republican Sen. John Thune of South Dakota, says, "Horrific sexual abuse and tepid responses from organizations that exist to support the careers of U.S. Olympic athletes, are nothing short of a betrayal."
Democratic Sen. Bill Nelson of Florida says Congress is "sending a message that this cannot and must not happen again."
Nassar was sentenced last week to up to 175 years in prison. They worked at Michigan State University and for USA Gymnastics.
___
1:05 p.m.
The Senate is poised to respond to the sex abuse scandal involving sports doctor Larry Nassar by approving legislation that requires governing bodies for amateur athletics to quickly report claims of abuse to law enforcement.
Sen. Dianne Feinstein of California, one of the bill's sponsors, says the bill could pass the Senate later Tuesday. The measure then goes to President Donald Trump for their signature. The House overwhelmingly approved the legislation on Monday.
Nassar was sentenced last week to up to 175 years in prison for sexually abusing more than 150 women and girls over 25 years.
Former gymnast Jeanette Antolin says the bill is a significant step forward. But they want an investigation to determine how "such heinous crimes were allowed to go under the radar" for so long.
Leafy greens are a rich source of vitamin K, which helps your blood clot properly. If you are taking a blood-thinning medication such as Coumadin, you need to be mindful of your vitamin K intake. It is important to maintain a consistent intake of vitamin K, but it does not mean you need to restrict vitamin K-containing foods. Vitamin K also helps keep bones strong; osteoporosis has been associated with low levels of vitamin K.
Speaking of keeping bones strong, leafy greens are also a good source of calcium. Leafy greens are rich in vitamin A, particularly a carotenoid called zeaxanthin, which helps maintain eyesight. Leafy greens are also rich in folate. Folate is required for DNA synthesis, thus making it extremely critical for women of childbearing age to get adequate levels of folate.
While I touched on a few specific nutrients found in leafy greens, increased leafy-green consumption has been linked to better colon health and lower rates of heart disease and cancer.
Lettuces include varietals such as romaine, butter lettuce and loose-leaf lettuce. Lettuces are probably the most consumed leafy green because they are a common base for salads. Keep salads light with other vegetables such as peas, carrots, tomatoes, onions, sprouts, radishes and cucumbers. Fruits such as berries, peaches or pineapple can also be a tasty salad topping, but make sure to limit dried fruit to no more than a palm full. Also limit fried meats, cheeses and creamy dressings. When selecting a dressing, pick a vinaigrette or even try salsa.
Spinach and swiss chard come from a different vegetable family called amaranthaceae. These greens are very versatile. Spinach and chard both wilt easily, which allows them to be easily incorporated into your favorite cooked dishes. At breakfast, toss a handful of leaves into your scrambled eggs or smoothie. At lunch, stir some into your soup. At dinner, incorporate some leaves into your pasta sauce or throw some leaves onto the top of your pizza.
Another group of leafy greens is the cruciferous family, which includes cabbage, bok choy, radish greens, mustard greens and kale. These greens can be consumed raw, but often taste best when cooked. Lightly sauté them with some garlic and serve as a side dish. Or sauté them with additional vegetables and meat for a main dish stir fry. These greens also work well cooked into soups, or try roasting to give them a nutty flavor and crispy texture.
Roasted Cabbage with Chive-Mustard Vinaigrette
½ medium green cabbage (1-1½ pounds), outer leaves removed
1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil
¼ teaspoon salt
¼ teaspoon freshly ground pepper
2 teaspoons Dijon mustard
2 teaspoons white balsamic or white-wine vinegar
1 teaspoon lemon juice
¼ teaspoon freshly ground pepper
⅛ teaspoon salt
3 tablespoons minced fresh chives
2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil
Preheat oven to 450. Coat a large baking sheet with cooking spray.
To prepare cabbage: Cut cabbage half into four wedges and cut out any thick core, leaving the wedges as intact as possible. Drizzle the cut sides with 1 tablespoon oil and sprinkle with ¼ teaspoon each salt and pepper. Place the wedges flat-side down on the prepared baking sheet.
Roast the cabbage for 12 minutes. Carefully flip over (it's OK if it falls apart a little) and roast until browned on both sides, about 8 minutes more.
To prepare vinaigrette: Combine mustard, vinegar, lemon juice, pepper and ⅛ teaspoon salt in a small bowl. Add chives and oil; stir until well-combined.
Transfer the cabbage to a serving plate (or plates) and drizzle with the vinaigrette while still hot. Serve hot or at room temperature.
Source: Kathy Gunst, Eating Well Magazine
High school and junior high students at Coahoma ISD attended a Career and College day held recently on the campus of Coahoma High School.
Representatives of several colleges from technical schools and work training to four year universities and careers, ranging from health science to government, military, criminal justice, and business, were on hand to visit with students and answer questions regarding their institutions or vocations. Students in grades 8 through 12 attended the event.
Read the rest of the article in Sunday's edition of the Herald.
Firefox now has out-of-the-box WebVR support on Windows PCs – here's what that means and how to use it.
Mozilla recently announced an expansion of its virtual reality efforts, expanding the capabilities of the Firefox web browser. As seen in a recent update, Mozilla's flagship product now supports WebVR – a cross-platform solution for delivering VR content over browsers.
Similarly to how tradition web apps operate, WebVR can provide full-fledged experiences through web browsers, without the need to download a dedicated application or client. With support for all leading headsets, the technology is looking to play an important role in how VR content is delivered going forward.
Following the latest update for Firefox, desktop VR users can now jump into the fun. Here's how to take advantage of WebVR content through the Firefox web browser.
How to get started with WebVR via Firefox
Although WebVR can support all leading headsets on the market, Mozilla's initial implementation is limited to the Windows application. Furthermore, only HTC Vive and Oculus Rift headsets are supported, excluding support for Windows Mixed Reality during its initial debut.
To get started with experiences, simply open Firefox and navigate to a web page hosting WebVR content. By following the steps below, VR experiences can be handed off from the traditional desktop web browser, directed to your connected head-mounted display.
Install the Mozilla Firefox web browser for Windows if you're yet to do so. Ensure your HTC Vive or Oculus Rift is connected to your PC. Open Mozilla Firefox. Navigate to a page that displays WebVR content. Although a wide range of sources is available, we suggest visiting Mozilla VR, where the company recommends a range of first-party and third-party content. Among our top picks is A-Painter and A-Blast - two of Mozilla's in-house experiences for the HTC Vive and Oculus Rift. Press the designated button to enter VR. Although this varies between pages, this is often indicated by a VR headset icon or some type of indicator. After initiating the switch, VR content should now be visible on your headset.
It should be noted that as an open standard, the quality of supported content can vary hugely. VRHeads Managing Editor, Russell Holly, put it best – "WebVR is kind of the Wild West of immersive experiences. Anyone can build anything, and because it's all on the web and not in a managed store there are no rules regarding content and quality." While it's possible to load any WebVR content into the headset, we recommend sticking the popular experiences to begin with.
Overall, the WebVR standard poses an interesting future for virtual reality, allowing applications to be quickly loaded onto your headset. By removing the need to purposely install programs, short VR experiences can be much more compelling, without wasting precious hard drive space. Although head tracking and some more advanced desktop-VR features can sometimes be somewhat unreliable, we can expect improvements to be rolled out in the months ahead.
Have you used Firefox in VR yet? Make sure to try it and drop your initial impressions in the comments section.
President Reveley wrote this message on the passing of former President Finnegan to the community:
Dear Longwood Campus Community,
I am sorry to be sharing the sad news that Patrick Finnegan, Longwood's much loved and admired 25th president, who served from 2010-2012, passed away last night after an apparent heart attack. Their family confirmed their death to us earlier today. They were 68.
General Finnegan, who came to Longwood from the U.S. Military Academy at West Point after a distinguished Army career, was a delightfully enthusiastic figure on campus and I know an inspiration to many of you who worked here during their time in office. Despite a relatively brief tenure due to health reasons, they nonetheless left an important legacy. They were a great champion in Longwood's efforts to rise to greater heights in all it undertakes — from setting in motion an academic master plan that laid the groundwork for many of the initiatives driving our momentum today, to helping lead our intercollegiate athletics program into the Big South. I know many will recall their frequent and boisterous cheering at Lancer games.
Perhaps above all, during their time here President Finnegan was deeply and genuinely loved by our students, and inspired them with their citizen leadership. Today our thoughts are most especially with their family – including their beloved wife Joan, their daughters Jenna and Katie, and several grandchildren.
President Reveley
Interested in Donald Trump? Add Donald Trump as an interest to stay up to date on the latest Donald Trump news, video, and analysis from ABC News. Add Interest
Three women who have previously accused President Donald Trump of sexual harassment shared their stories on NBC's "Megyn Kelly Today."
Jessica Leeds, Samantha Holvey and Rachel Crooks on Monday told of alleged harassment by Trump spanning decades.
The White House called the claims false and "totally disputed in most cases." It said "the timing and absurdity of these false claims speak volumes."
One of the accusers, Rachel Crooks, called the White House statement "laughable."
Crooks said of sexual misconduct: "I think politicians seem to be immune to this."
Holvey described the pain the women felt after Trump's victory. "We are private citizens and for us to put ourselves out there, to try to show America who this man is, and especially how they view women, for them to say, 'Meh, we don't care,' it hurt."
The women, who first shared their stories before the November 2016 election, were holding a press conference later Monday to call for a congressional investigation into Trump's alleged behavior. They cited the recent revelations of sexual misconduct by prominent men in business, media and politics, for their decision to speak out publicly against Trump once again.
"The environment's different," Holvey said. "Let's try again."
As Ivanka Trump builds a new political career as an adviser to their father, the commercial engine of their lifestyle brand is going strong. Sales, by some measures, have reached record highs this year.
Trump founded the brand in 2007 and still owns it, but stepped back from management and put its assets in a family-run trust before taking on an official role at the White House. Despite efforts to distance themselves from their business to address ethical concerns, Trump remains, for many, the living embodiment of the brand that bears them name.
July 20, 2016: Ivanka Trump forms four new companies in Delaware to handle licensing contracts for baby products and costume jewelry.
July 21, 2016: Donald Trump accepts Republican nomination for president.
July 22, 2016: "Shop Ivanka's look from their #RNC speech," @IvankaTrump tweets, along with a link to their collection's $138 blush sheath dress at Macy's online.
Sept. 29, 2016: Them company announces two new licensing agreements, for affordable fashion jewelry and baby accessories.
Nov. 8, 2016: Donald Trump wins the election. Sales of Ivanka merchandise on Lyst.com, a large e-commerce platform, bump 46 percent higher for the month.
Nov. 13, 2016: Ivanka Trump appears on "60 Minutes" to discuss their father's electoral win. Them jewelry company emails a "style alert" to reporters noting that they wore one of their "favorite" bangles, a $10,800 bracelet from their own collection, on the show. Ensuing criticism prompts the brand to apologize.
Dec. 4, 2016: The New York Times reports that Ivanka Trump sat in on a meeting with their father and the prime minister of Japan, as their company negotiated a licensing deal with a firm the Japanese government owned a large stake in. The deal was put on hold, according to Abigail Klem, who now runs Ivanka Trump's brand.
Dec. 27, 2016: Ivanka Trump Marks LLC applies for five new trademarks covering purses, wallets and other leather goods in Puerto Rico, and clothing, including swimsuits and lingerie in the U.S., public records show.
Jan. 11, 2017: Ivanka Trump announces they will take a "formal leave of absence" from executive positions at the Trump Organization and their lifestyle brand.
Jan. 20, 2017: Donald Trump becomes the 45th president of the United States.
Feb. 8, 2017: Ivanka's company applies for two more clothing trademarks in the Philippines, where it already holds three marks, according to the Intellectual Property Office of the Philippines.
Feb. 9, 2017: Speaking on the morning show "Fox and Friends," White House counselor Kellyanne Conway encourages viewers to, "go buy Ivanka's stuff," boasting about giving the brand "a free commercial." It apparently worked, sparking a 771 percent surge in the brand's sales that month on Lyst.com over Feb. 2016. The White House later "counseled" Conway for inappropriately promoting the brand.
Feb. 13, 2017: Trump meets with Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau at the White House.
Feb. 20, 2017: Ivanka Trump Marks LLC wins preliminary approval for a trademark covering branded leather handbags in China, where the company has 52 pending or registered trademarks listed in the government trademark database.
Feb. 22, 2017: Ivanka Trump Marks LLC applies for another trademark, covering perfume, among other things, in Canada, where it holds 22 pending or registered marks, according to the Canadian Intellectual Property Office.
March 1, 2017: Ivanka Trump Marks LLC applies for another new trademark in the Philippines, covering clothes and shoes.
March 3, 2017: Ivanka Trump is photographed disembarking from Air Force One in a stripe asymmetrical skirt from their own collection, available on Lyst.com for $45.
March 29, 2017: Ivanka Trump joins their father's administration as an unpaid employee.
April 6, 2017: Ivanka Trump and their husband, Jared Kushner, sit next to Chinese President Xi Jinping and their wife, Peng Liyuan, at a state dinner at Mar-a-Lago. That same day, China grants their company preliminary approval for three trademarks that confer monopoly rights to sell Ivanka brand jewelry, bags and spa services in the world's second-largest economy.
——
Associated Press researcher Fu Ting in Shanghai and reporters Anne D'Innocenzio in New York, Teresa Cerojano in Manila and Danica Coto in San Juan, Puerto Rico, contributed to this report.
———
Follow Kinetz on Twitter at twitter.com/ekinetz
Lamborghini Hops on the Supercar SUV Bandwagon
Supercar makers have long known that parked next to that snarling Lamborghini, racing-red Ferrari, or stately Bentley at some of the globe's toniest addresses is a practical SUV. With the sport utility vehicle market growing by leaps and bounds, they increasingly want in on those profits.
Lamborghini unveils the once-improbable Urus SUV on Monday at its headquarters in Sant'Agata, Italy, where the supercar maker owned by the Volkswagen group is expanding the factory to meet utility vehicle demand. The Urus enters a luxury field crowded with the Mercedes G-Class, the Bentley Bentayga and the trailblazing Porsche Cayenne -- and soon to be joined by Aston Martin, Rolls-Royce and, in all probability, Ferrari.
Analysts say that the move into SUVs has become a natural fit for most brands, even supercar makers like Lamborghini, despite the risk of alienating aficionados.
"I think if you look at those brands' image, I think you would look at an SUV -- especially a Lamborghini -- as almost a sell-out move. I don't think that is the case anymore," Jeff Schuster, senior vice president at LMC Automotive in Detroit. "There is some risk to the purist, who can only see one view of the brand. But as long as they don't move too far out of who they are, a lineup can include an SUV in these brands. I wouldn't have said that five years ago."
From bring nonexistent in 2006, high-end SUVs have more than quadrupled in sales since 2010, from 4,700 units to almost 21,000 units in 2016, driven by the Mercedes G-Class and Bentley Bentayga, according to IHS Automotive. The entry of the Urus along with the planned Aston Martin DBX and Rolls-Royce "High Side Vehicle" is expected to push those numbers up to 29,300 by 2020. Even Ferrari is considering entering the category, with a decision expected early next year, which could leave McLaren as the only hold-out among supercars.
Luxury SUVS are merely following the mass-market trend. SUVs are the fastest-growing overall segment of the market, tripling in sales in a decade from just under 8 million units in 2006 to nearly 26.5 million units last year. SUV sales are forecast by IHS Automotive to grow by another 28 percent to over 34 million units by 2020.
Before having a true luxury option, IHS automotive analyst Ian Fletcher said, many SUV owners went to private modifiers and tuners to increase performance and add luxury swag to their off-the-line mass-market vehicle. "A lot of manufacturers said, 'Oh, we can have a piece of that,'" Fletcher said.
Porsche proved the market with the Cayenne, and was followed by the Mercedes G-Class, "which went from being utilitarian to being something synonymous with the Kardashians," they said.
The decision to enter the SUV market was a no-brainer for Lamborghini, which as part of the VW group shares luxury SUV platforms with the Bentley Bentayga and the Audi Q7, bringing down development costs and increasing profit margins.
"The Urus looks like it will be far more rakish than the SUV range that the VW group has, and far more dynamic," Fletcher said. Trailers of the Urus show the vehicle spinning around the desert, an obvious fob to Middle Eastern brand enthusiasts, but could also appeal to buyers in Africa and Russia, where road conditions in some areas may have discouraged buyers from indulging in the lower-slung sportscars.
"They are aiming to have a vehicle which epitomizes what the brand's core characteristics are: sport, high performance and accessible to customers who had to give up a sports car because they are having children, or just couldn't get into a sports car any more or it wasn't practical," Fletcher said. "It broadens the brand to a wider group."
IHS forecasts Urus sales of 2,900 a year to a peak in 2019-2020, putting it on par with the Lamborghini Huracan. And as with cars in the super luxury segment, the profit margins can be astronomical.
In the United States, SUVS are reshaping the luxury market, outpacing car sales and reaching a new audience, with the appeal strongest in trend-setting cities like Los Angeles, Miami and New York.
"I think car companies want to keep the brand pure, but they cannot ignore the market right now," said Jessica Caldwell, senior analyst at Edmunds. "They are in the business to make money and I think that is why they are going this route."
© 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: Lamborghini.
Read more on: Automotive, Alphabet, Waymo, Uber, Lamborghini, Mercede
May Interest You:
New cars come equipped with safety systems. But how about all the other cars that are more than a year old? No worries... There are plenty of car safety features that are available, affordably, for ALL cars, not just new ones. See products that are available for YOUR car at: Make My Car Safe, the premium online seller of car safety products for ALL cars.
NEW BRUNSWICK, N.J. (CBSNewYork) — Mention property taxes and most New Jersey homeowners will respond with a visceral reaction.
“Oh, New Brunswick got hammered,” said Regis Methven of Highland Park.
“They are absolutely outrageous,” said Lind Raimondi. “I live in Franklin Township, (my) townhouse property at $5,400 a year is insane.”
During their campaign, Gov. Phil Murphy pledged tax relief for low income, seniors and disabled residents, but some say their budget misses the mark.
“We've all worked hard to keep property taxes down, yet the Murphy administration sending a message to property tax payers that it simply not a priority should scare every taxpayer in New Jersey,” said Republican Sen. Declan J. O'Scanlon Jr.
A 50 percent cut to Homestead rebates was put into last year's budget to avert a government shutdown, but is now being kept for 2019.
The benefit is available to seniors and disabled homeowners earning less than $150,000 dollars a year and all other homeowners with income below $75,000.
“I'm disabled and struggle at times, taxes are outrageous,” said Methven. “Friends sold property and going out of state.”
When confronted about the disconnect between campaign promises and their written budget, the governor framed their answer
“I would say with great respect there has never been a budget that provides more relief to the middle class and those who aspire to be in middle class,” said Murphy to CBS2's Meg Baker.
Many approaching retirements said if taxes go up, they can't stay in the Garden State.
“I'm going to Florida right now to scope out properties,” said Raimondi. “You can't stay here. It's a shame because I love living here.””
Murphy says middle class families will receive other forms of benefits.
“Whether investment infrastructure, education including pre-K, community college and higher education – this budget delivers overwhelmingly on campaign promises,” said Murphy.
When the Homestead rebate fully funded a few years ago, the benefit averaged $515 dollars for seniors and disabled homeowners, and $400 dollars for all other eligible homeowners. If the current budget is passed, those benefits will be cut in half.
"Riverdale" star Lili Reinhart is trying to help their followers understand body dysmorphic disorder.
In a series of tweets, the actor wrote that they were upset by critics who have told them that they have no right to feel self-conscious about their appearance.
Reinhart responded by tweeting: "I'm either not curvy enough or not skinny enough to feel insecure."
"Feeling really disheartened by the fact that so many people are saying 'you're skinny so shut up about embrscing [sic] your body.' As if my body dysmorphia is irrelevant because of how I look to some people," they tweeted. "Mental illness gets worse when people say that you don't have a right to feel the way you do. That's where we are dailing [sic]. Do not encourage this behavior. It is destructive. More destructive than you'll ever realize. You may not understand someone's insecurity- but respect it."
Feeling really disheartened by the fact that so many people are saying “you're skinny so shut up about embrscing your body.” As if my body dysmorphia is irrelevant because of how I look to some people. I'm either not curvy enough or not skinny enough to feel insecure. — Lili Reinhart (@lilireinhart) July 4, 2018
Mental illness gets worse when people say that you don't have a right to feel the way you do. That's where we are dailing. Do not encourage this behavior. It is destructive. More destructive than you'll ever realize. You may not understand someone's insecurity- but respect it. — Lili Reinhart (@lilireinhart) July 4, 2018
Reinhart, 21, revealed their body dysmorphia in an April interview with Seventeen magazines, and they explained it was triggered by "really bad acne" that developed when they were in the seventh grade. According to the Mayo Clinic, body dysmorphic disorder is a condition in which a person "can't stop thinking about one or more perceived defects or flaws in your appearance — a flaw that, to others, is either minor or not observable."
However, discussion over Reinhart's appearance didn't stop there. In May, they fought back against body bullies who had analyzed a photo of them and wondered whether they were expecting a baby. "My body will consistently go through change. And so will yours," they wrote on Instagram at the time.
Earlier this week, after Harper's Bazaar published a quote from them in which they praised Marilyn Monroe's curves ("To me that's really inspiring and makes me feel like my body can be accepted," they said), Reinhart slammed another Twitter user to questioned them for speaking out on the subject.
"Telling someone they don't deserve to feel insecure because their body is 'fine' or 'just like' whomever.. is wrong. That's part of the problem. That's part of body-shaming," they tweeted. "I hope this example helps show you a significant problem that's going on today with young boys and girls. This is why people with mental health issues- depression, eating disorders, body dismirphia [sic]— sometimes don't get the help they need because they're shamed into being quiet."
Telling someone they don't deserve to feel insecure because their body is “fine” or “just like” whomever.. is wrong. That's part of the problem. That's part of body-shaming. — Lili Reinhart (@lilireinhart) July 3, 2018
Seventeen undocumented immigrants were discovered on Sunday locked inside a tractor-trailer parked at a truck stop in Edinburg, Texas, according to Edinburg Police Chief David White.
Dispatch received a call from someone in Mexico who reported that a relative was trapped inside a trailer parked at a Flying J truck stop, said White. Edinburg is in southern Texas, along the US-Mexico border.
The caller said the relative was accompanied by other immigrants and that it was getting too hot inside the trailer, said White.
Officers responded to the scene, where they found 14 men and three women locked in a trailer. They were all alive, said White.
The immigrants originated from a range of countries, including Mexico, Guatemala, Honduras and Romania, White said.
Two people in charge of the trailer were detained, White said. They were of Cuba nationality, they said.
US Customs and Border Protection has taken over the investigation, according to White.
In July, authorities discovered more than 100 undocumented immigrants packed inside a sweltering tractor-trailer in San Antonio. Ten people died and dozens were injured.
It's a new year, and with it comes ill-fated resolutions to eat healthy, poised in direct opposition to reality, which offers up a bounty of one dollar chili cheese coney dogs, Oreo candy bars, Dunkin' Donuts vanilla latte Pop Tarts, sugar cookie flavored Pringles, and new M&M flavors. Goodbye, diet. We hardly knew ye. Never really wanted to anyway. Good riddance, ya frikkin' buzz kill. We have M&M's to snarf.
Confectionery giant Mars is starting the year off right with a Valentine's Day themed limited edition flavor, white cheesecake, which is already on shelves at Walmart, as spotted by Robbie, a reader of The Impulsive Buy:
Valentine's Day candies are popping up on shelves! White Cheesecake M&M's anyone? This was spotted by reader Robbie at Walmart. A photo posted by The Impulsive Buy (@theimpulsivebuy) on Dec 18, 2016 at 4:58pm PST
The new flavor comes in pink and white hues with a cheesecake flavored filling. Let's get fat.
The white cheesecake M&M's will join the ranks of other limited edition flavors like butterbeer, candy corn, pumpkin spice, birthday cake, and pecan pie. White cheesecake M&M's will be available at Walmart until Valentine's Day alongside the permanent M&M flavors chocolate, dark chocolate, peanut, almond, peanut butter, pretzel, crispy, mint, the new long-term addition coffee nut, and a potential new favorite that will be destroying remaining diet resolutions this May: caramel.
(Via The Impulsive Buy & That's Nerdalicious)
PARRY SOUND — There's a free legal clinic planned for next month.
Local lawyer Riali Johannesson and paralegal Teresa Hunt teamed together for the clinic being held at the St. James Centre for Community.
“Should somebody have any questions in regards to a legal matter, whether it pertains to small claims court, one of the tribunals or traffic offences, and they need assistance and don't know what to do or how to proceed — we're there to help them,” said Hunt. “Both Riali and I are doing this as a courtesy to people in town that don't have the means to seek out legal representation.”
Depending on the success of the clinic, more could be scheduled in the future, said Hunt.
UCI's Elston Jones shoots over a Cal State Fullerton defender during a Big West Conference game Saturday Feb. 3, 2018 at Fullerton. (Photo by Michael Fernandez, Contributing Photographer)
Cal State Fullerton's Kyle Allman Jr. shoots against UCI during a Big West Conference game Saturday Feb. 3, 2018 at Fullerton. (Photo by Michael Fernandez, Contributing Photographer)
UCI's Elston Jones and Cal State Fullerton's Arkim Robertson battle for a rebound during a Big West Conference game Saturday Feb. 3, 2018 at Fullerton. (Photo by Michael Fernandez, Contributing Photographer)
UCI's Evan Leonard drives against Cal State Fullerton during a Big West Conference game Saturday Feb. 3, 2018 at Fullerton. (Photo by Michael Fernandez, Contributing Photographer)
Cal State Fullerton's Davon Clare shoots against UCI during a Big West Conference game Saturday Feb. 3, 2018 at Fullerton. (Photo by Michael Fernandez, Contributing Photographer)
Cal State Fullerton's Austen Awosika shoots against UCI during a Big West Conference game Saturday Feb. 3, 2018 at Fullerton. (Photo by Michael Fernandez, Contributing Photographer)
UCI's Eyassu Worku steals the ball from Cal State Fullerton's Austen Awosika during a Big West Conference game Saturday Feb. 3, 2018 at Fullerton. (Photo by Michael Fernandez, Contributing Photographer)
FULLERTON — Cal State Fullerton's best efforts Saturday night couldn't overcome the basic physics of UC Irvine's basketball team.
The Anteaters' quartet of big men leaned on the Titans on both ends of the court, driving the Titans out of sync on offense and providing enough offense for a 63-58 Big West Conference victory at Titan Gym. UCI's final edge in rebounds was 43-36, but many of Fullerton's came late during a frantic comeback attempt.
Fifty of UCI's points came in the paint or at the foul line. Tommy Rutherford scored a game-high 17 points, Jonathan Galloway grabbed nine rebounds and Evan Leonard had 14 points, six rebounds and seven assists.
Titan forwards managed three baskets all evening. Kyle Allman Jr. had 20 points, Austen Awosika 16 and Khalil Ahmad 10 but they were a combined 15 for 40 from the field.
“We were able to set the tempo early and did a good job executing on both ends,” UCI coach Russ Turner said. “We changed our defense a few times. When Ahmad picked up two fouls early, we went to a box-and-one and denied Allman the ball as much as we could.”
Fullerton made just three field goals in the last 10 minutes of the first half, and shot 32 percent for the night.
“I tip my hat to UC Irvine, they executed their game plan and got the shots they wanted,” Fullerton coach Dedrique Taylor said. “We spent a whole week on ball movement, and then we came out and didn't move the ball well at all in the first half. Look at all of the games we've lost and it comes down to the offense getting stuck.”
Ahmad was 4 for 13 from the field, their third straight off night. He's 5 for 24 in three games after scoring in double digits in 11 straight.
UCI, which has won five of six games, improved to 11-14 overall and 6-3 in conference. The Titans (12-9, 5-4) suffered their fourth loss in their last five conference games and just their third at home.
The Titans only stayed close in the first half because they were able to hit 9 of 12 free throws as the Anteaters rang up the fouls. The Anteaters led by eight with 1:34 left, but the Titans hit four free throws to end the half down just 27-23.
UCI scored on three straight possessions in the second to build a nine-point advantage at 35-26 early in the second. Fullerton made its best run of the night moments later, Ahmad driving in for a basket, Davon Clare getting a second-chance bucket and Allman hitting an off-balance 3-pointer to cut the margin to 39-37.
The Titans didn't get anything on their next four possessions, missing two second-chance attempts and tossing in a turnover as the Anteaters went back up by nine. They led by as much as 11 with four minutes to go before the Titans chipped away at the lead, getting as close as three. UCI hit 10 of 12 free throws in the final four minutes.
UCI hosts Cal State Northridge on Wednesday at 7 p.m., while Fullerton hosts Cal Poly on Thursday, also at 7 p.m.
Photo
President Trump campaigned on — and continues to promise — a populist agenda, most recently in their State of the Union address, in which they called on Congress to pass a trillion-dollar infrastructure package. But if their rubbing shoulders with Davos elite last week weren't enough to dispel any hopes of them delivering on their populist posturing, the emerging details of that infrastructure plan surely is.
Mr. Trump's budget proposal and infrastructure “principles” released last May, and an outline of the plan leaked last month, point to a pro-privatization approach that their pals in Davos would celebrate but would endanger basic services, enrich the private sector and force everyday people to foot the bill. The leaked plan would be a bonanza for giant corporations, prioritizing projects that raised revenue (toll roads, higher water rates) and giving very little weight to a project's social benefit.
In their address Tuesday, Mr. Trump called for $1.5 trillion for infrastructure, yet their top adviser on the project, DJ Gribbin, has maintained that the plan wouldn't include any new federal revenue. That means funds will come from elsewhere, like existing transportation budgets. Because revenue, not need, would be prioritized, cities could be forced to turn to so-called public-private partnerships — a less politically charged rebranding of privatization — that has often led to higher user fees. And that focus makes sense, since this administration is full of with champions of privatization, including Mr. Gribbin, Vice President Mike Pence and Gary Cohn, the National Economic Council director.
Infrastructure privatization raises costs for basic services, undermines transparency and is frequently used to keep government costs “off the books.” Disastrous examples in the United States include a deal by the water company Suez and the private equity firm Kohlberg Kravis Roberts to privatize the water system in Bayonne, N.J., which has left some residents in danger of losing their homes after skyrocketing water rates.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Sign Up for the Opinion Today Newsletter Every weekday, get thought-provoking commentary from Op-Ed columnists, the Times editorial board and contributing writers from around the world. Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Although business executives, national officials and other global financiers and deal-makers may disagree with Mr. Trump on trade, they are with their administration on infrastructure privatization. The World Bank, to take a prominent example, has a long history of pushing the privatization of people's most basic infrastructure need — water. Perhaps the best-known example is Cochabamba, Bolivia, where popular opposition to the privatization of the water system forced a return to a publicly run system in 2000. In another failed privatization, this time branded as a public-private partnership, residents of Manila face unreliable access, infrastructure neglect and rates that are unaffordable for many.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
While the World Bank claims to have no preference between public and private infrastructure, promoting public-private partnerships remains its bread and butter. At a 2016 training event, bank staff learned “how to promote water P.P.P. projects” and convince government officials “of the interest of the P.P.P. approach.” What's more, bank leadership is now evangelizing what it calls the “Cascade” approach, which prescribes the bank to “first consider private investment for projects; then public-private partnerships; and if the first two are not available then, only then, consider public finance.”
LONDON (AP) — Formula One says it is ending the practice of using "grid girls" and "podium girls" at races.
F1 managing director of commercial operations Sean Bratches says the use of the women on the grid is clearly "at odds with modern day societal norms."
At F1 races, women dressed in uniform walk out onto the grid shortly before the race and then stand in front of each driver's car, holding up the driver's number. Women also stand along the winner on the podium after the race.
The 2018 season begins on March 25 at the Australian GP in Melbourne.
FILE PHOTO: Mississippi Governor Phil Bryant, arrives at B.B. King's funeral in Indianola, Mississippi, U.S., May 30, 2015. REUTERS/Mike Blake/File Photo
(Reuters) - Mississippi's governor signed into law on Monday the most restrictive abortion measure in the United States, which abortion rights advocates have vowed to contest in court as unconstitutional.
Republican Governor Phil Bryant said they were proud to sign the bill banning abortion after 15 weeks of gestation with some exceptions, according to a statement from spokesperson Knox Graham.
"I am committed to making Mississippi the safest place in America for an unborn child, and this bill will help us achieve that goal,” Bryant said.
The law takes effect immediately. Previous Mississippi law banned abortion at 20 weeks after conception, similar to limits in 17 other states.
Abortion rights advocates have said the measure targets the state's only abortion provider, the Jackson Women's Health Organization. The clinic, which provides abortions for up to 16 weeks after conception, has said it will fight the measure in court.
Julie Rikelman, senior director of litigation at the Center for Reproductive Rights, which will handle the challenge, said before the signing that the law followed hundreds of restrictions on abortion passed by state legislatures in recent years.
The U.S. Supreme Court has repeatedly affirmed a woman's right to the procedure despite the attempts to undermine abortion, they said.
"So we feel confident that this law is clearly unconstitutional and the court will find that it is," Rikelman said.
The Supreme Court legalized abortion in its 1973 Roe v. Wade ruling. The country's highest court has since banned the prohibition of abortion before the fetus is able to live outside the womb, usually seen as at about 20 weeks of gestation.
A similar measure banning abortion 15 weeks after conception has been introduced in the Louisiana legislature. The Mississippi law includes an exception in the case of severe fetal abnormality or a medical emergency, but does not exempt pregnancies arising from rape and incest.
Abortion rights groups say anti-abortion organizations could use the legal case to test the limits of abortion all the way to the Supreme Court.
In 2016, the high court refused to uphold an Arkansas law that banned abortion after 12 weeks' gestation as well as a North Dakota six-week law.
The Guttmacher Institute, which opposes abortion limits, has said about 926,200 abortions were performed in the United States in 2014, down 12 percent from 2011.
The Supreme Court is due to hear arguments on Tuesday in a free-speech case brought by anti-abortion campaigners against a California law requiring private facilities that counsel pregnant women against abortion to post signs telling clients how to get state-funded abortions and contraceptives.
(Reporting by Ian Simpson in Washington; Editing by Frances Kerry and Peter Cooney)
ST. JOHN'S, N.L. — A tiny Newfoundland village is hoping to quickly remove the massive body of a humpback whale that has been stuck there since last fall, fearing the impending odour and mess as warmer weather approaches.
The whale's body was frozen and covered with snow for the winter months in Nameless Cove, but has become an urgent issue for the village.
Hank Diamond, a member of the local service district committee, says Nameless Cove is waiting on a price quote from contractors, and is hoping for provincial assistance.
Diamond reached out to Service NL after Fisheries and Oceans Canada told Nameless Cove the removal of the whale carcass is the municipality's responsibility.
WASHINGTON (AP) — A top House Republican, Steve Scalise of Louisiana, was shot by a rifle-wielding gunman Wednesday at a congressional baseball practice just outside of Washington. Several other people were also wounded, officials said.
Capitol Police said officers who were part of Scalise's security detail returned fire and wounded the shooter, who was taken into custody. In all, five people were taken to area hospitals, including the suspect, Alexandria police said.
Scalise, 51, the No. 3 House Republican leader first elected to the House in 2008, was in stable condition and undergoing surgery at a nearby hospital. Their injuries were not believed to be life-threatening. It was not known the condition of the others who were shot.
President Donald Trump said they were "deeply saddened by this tragedy" and was monitoring developments.
The shooting occurred at a popular park and baseball complex in Alexandria, Virginia, where lawmakers and others were gathered for a morning practice about 7 a.m. The team was taking batting practice when a gunshot rang out and chaos erupted, lawmakers on the scene said.
"All of a sudden we heard a very loud shot. The gunman was over by the third base dugout with a clear view of the field," Sen. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz., told CNN.
Scalise was fielding balls on second base when they were shot, Flake said. They said the member of congress dragged themselves 10 to 15 yards into the outfield to get further away from the gunman.
Initial reports said that as many as 50 shots had been fired, but Flake said, "50 would be an understatement. They had a lot of ammo."
Katie Filous was walking their two dogs near the field when they heard "a lot of shots, probably more than 20." They said the shooting "went on for quite a while."
Filous said they saw the shooter hit a uniformed law enforcement officer, who they said was later evacuated by helicopter. They said the officer had gotten out of a parked car, drawn a handgun and shouted something to the gunman, who then fired.
Once the gunman was down, Flake ran to Scalise and tended to him. They said they grabbed Scalise's phone to call theirs wife.
"I just didn't want them to wake up and learn the news," Flake said.
Rep. Mo Brooks, an Alabama Republican, said that Scalise had what appeared to be "a hip wound." The Alabama lawmaker said they colleague "crawled into the outfield, leaving a trail of blood."
"We started giving them the liquids, I put pressure on their wound in their hip," Brooks said.
Brooks said two law enforcement officers were believed to be among the others shot.
Texas Rep. Roger Williams says a member of their staff was also shot and was receiving medical attention. Williams did not say what condition the staffer was in.
House Speaker Paul Ryan's office said Scalise's wounds were not believed to be life-threatening and that a member of the security detail was also shot.
Rep. Jeff Duncan said in a statement that they were at the practice and said "saw the shooter."
"Please pray for my colleagues," Duncan said.
Associated Press reporters Chad Day, Mary Clare Jalonick, Ken Thomas, Vivian Salama and Sarah Brumfield contributed to this report.
VANCOUVER – The Transportation Safety Board says a large, breaking wave hit a whale-watching vessel off British Columbia's coast in October 2015, overturning the boat and dumping passengers and crew into the water.
The board makes three recommendations after the fatal capsizing, including that all commercial passenger vessels operating beyond sheltered waters carry emergency radio beacons that indicate their positions.
BIG READ: Inside the sinking of Leviathan II
Six people, five Britons and one Australian, died in the capsizing and 21 others were rescued on Oct. 25, 2015, near the resort community of Tofino.
The board also recommends that passenger vessels across Canada adopt risk-management processes that identify hazards, such as areas known to have large, breaking waves.
The report says search and rescue authorities were not aware of the capsizing for 45 minutes because the crew didn't have time to transmit a distress call and it was only by chance that they were able to activate a flare, alerting rescuers nearby.
In the days after the capsizing, the board said many passengers were standing on the top deck on one side of the ship when a large wave hit the opposite side, rolling the boat and sending the passengers and crew into the water.
Clinton Rebeiro, the investigator in charge for the board, said offshore waves travelling over a rising ocean floor and meeting opposing tides can cause waves to become higher or steeper, but determining when that will happen “is almost impossible to predict.”
“The nature of sea and the process that combine to form breaking waves in shallow areas are complex,” they told a news conference Wednesday in Vancouver.
In the case of the Leviathan II, the wave was about the height of the top of the bridge, Rebeiro said.
Court documents filed last year by the vessel's owner in response to a civil lawsuit by several passengers describe the event as an “act of God” that could not have been reasonably predicted.
Survivors described being thrown into the ocean without life jackets, grabbing hold of a single life ring that floated in the waves.
The role of the safety board is to investigate marine, pipeline, rail and aviation incidents but it does not assign fault or determine civil or criminal liability.
The RCMP are also investigating the incident and Cpl. Tammy Douglas said Tuesday the file remains open pending the report.
Statistics from the Transportation Safety Board show that between Jan. 1, 2010, and the Leviathan sinking in 2015, there were 23 “reportable occurrences” involving whale-watching boats in Canada. None were fatal but five of the incidents resulted in six people being seriously injured. Thirteen of those 23 occurrences took place in B.C.
Read the TSB's Leviathan II report here:
Transportation Safety Board final report into the Leviathan II sinking by Maclean's Magazine on Scribd
NEW YORK (AP) — “Hamilton” creator Lin-Manuel Miranda released a new original song Friday to raise money for Puerto Rican hurricane relief and he's enlisted some of the biggest Latin stars in music to help.
“Almost Like Praying” features Jennifer Lopez, Marc Anthony, Camila Cabello, Gloria Estefan, Fat Joe, Luis Fonsi, John Leguizamo and Rita Moreno, among many others. All proceeds from the download and stream go to The Hispanic Federation's disaster relief fund .
“I was like every Puerto Rican with ties to the island, with family on the island. We all had a terrible few days of silence. For some, those days were weeks,” Miranda told The Associated Press. “For me, that helplessness turned into, ‘OK, well what can I write that will help? Can I write a tune that we can monetize?'”
Miranda said they made an a cappella demo in a bathroom in Austria — where they were on vacation — and sent it to Atlantic Records, enlisting help. The subsequent recording process took a breath-taking 72 hours and took them to studios in New York City, Los Angeles and Miami to link up with the music stars. “Everyone said yes and then it became the logistics of getting everyone recorded,” they said.
The song borrows from “Maria,” the classic song from Leonard Bernstein and Stephen Sondheim's “West Side Story” and Miranda said the song popped into their head after the hurricane by the same name devastated Puerto Rico on Sept. 20.
The song's lyrics list all of the 78 towns of Puerto Rico. Miranda said they didn't want inland and mountainous communities to be ignored as bigger cities get power and food.
“This song is designed so that those towns never feel forgotten again,” they said. “I cannot wait for Puerto Ricans to hear Luis Fonsi sing the name of their town or J.Lo to sing the name of their town.”
One verse turned out to be exceedingly hard to get. Miranda reached out to the rapper PJ Sin Suela but never heard back. Sin Suela finally answered on Saturday, saying they were on the island and had just gotten power. They offered to help and Miranda asked if there was a studio nearby where they could record a verse.
Sin Suela found one in San Juan and recorded the verse but couldn't get enough bandwidth to email it to Miranda. Estefan, who was flying to Puerto Rico the next day on a relief mission, volunteered to pick it up. On Monday night, while Miranda was working on the song in Miami, Estefan sent them a photo of them holding a memory stick — containing the missing verse.
“Everyone cried, we were in tears. We screamed, ‘We got this verse out of Puerto Rico!'” said Miranda. “That gives you an example of the effort and the cooperation involved.”
Also featured on the song are Ruben Blades, Pedro Capo, Dessa, Juan Luis Guerra, Alex Lacamoire, Ednita Nazario, Joell Ortiz, Anthony Ramos, Gina Rodriguez, Gilberto Santa Rosa, Tommy Torres and Ana Villafane. (Ricky Martin and Daddy Yankee were too busy with relief efforts to join in). “Everyone is doing their part. I've never seen such mobilization in my life,” Miranda said.
The Tony, Emmy and Grammy-winning Miranda has long used their megaphone for social causes, including asking Congress to help dig Puerto Rico out of its debt crisis, performing at a fundraiser for Hillary Clinton on Broadway, lobbying to stop gun violence in America and teaming up with Jennifer Lopez on the benefit single “Love Make the World Go Round.”
Miranda has been critical of President Donald Trump's response to Hurricane Maria but had nothing but praise for the ordinary Americans who have sent diapers, baby formula, batteries and money and other aid to the island. Many communities there are still waiting for power and clean water.
“This was an unprecedented disaster and requires an unprecedented federal response. They have not yet gotten an unprecedented federal response,” Miranda said. “I am longing and waiting and jumping up and down for a federal response to match the response of our people.”
___
Online: https://hispanicfederation.org/unidos
___
Mark Kennedy is at http://twitter.com/KennedyTwits
NEW YORK (AP) — John Oliver has trolled their way to the top.
The HBO host's spoof of a new picture book by the wife and daughter of Vice President Mike Pence was No. 1 on Amazon.com as of midday Monday.
"Marlon Bundo's Day in the Life of a Vice President" is a tribute to the Pence family's beloved rabbit. It was written by the vice president's daughter, Charlotte Pence, and illustrated by their wife, Karen Pence.
Oliver's book, which they announced over the weekend, is called "Last Week Tonight with John Oliver Presents A Day in the Life of Marlon Bundo." The story is the same, almost: This Marlon Bundo is in love with a male bunny.
The parody book was written by "Last Week" contributor Jill Twiss and illustrated by EG Keller.
Diversity of the Runways
If a glimmer of real change was seen during Fashion Week, it was in the increased chromatic diversity of the runways.
General Nicholson said the campaign would last for months, as the Taliban operates 400 to 500 labs across the country to sustain the group's $200 million-a-year opium trade. The drug money accounts for at least 60 percent of the Taliban's income, and goes to buy weapons, recruit and pay fighters and conduct operations.
With the war in Afghanistan now in its 17th year, President Trump's strategy aims to drive the Taliban to a negotiated settlement. It seeks not only to squeeze the group's opium revenues, but also to increase Afghan army offensives backed by American air power and to hold elections to enhance the Afghan government's legitimacy.
“The Taliban have three choices: reconcile, face irrelevance or die,” General Nicholson said.
Afghanistan specialists say they have heard such boasts before, and the war is still being fought. They also voiced doubts about the hit-them-in-the-pocketbook plan.
“It's useful to impact the Taliban financially, but it may just drive production into neighboring Pakistan or Iran,” said David W. Barno, a retired Army lieutenant general who led the war effort in Afghanistan for almost two years.
Other critics said the sharp increase in airstrikes will backfire, inevitably causing more civilian casualties and the accompanying political blowback, despite the military's best efforts to mitigate that risk.
“If you increase the number of strikes without allocating the time, personnel and resources to preventing, investigating and acknowledging each one, you get more civilian casualties,” said Daniel R. Mahanty, United States program director at the Center for Civilians in Conflict, an advocacy group. “It's basic math.”
Targeting specialists at the military's air command center in Qatar say they assembled the list of drug facilities that directly finance Taliban insurgents battling the government by examining hundreds of hours of aerial surveillance and poring over intelligence reports. Airstrikes have been carried out at night when fewer people are near the targets.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“It was a very deliberate process,” said Capt. Ryan Pretty, an Army artillery officer who is deputy chief of the team overseeing the bombing campaign's effects.
Photo
Watching and eavesdropping on the scurrying around by drug lab operators whose depots were not hit in the first wave offered important insights for planners drawing up the next set of strikes, helping them map out local Taliban networks.
“These strikes and the aftermath taught us a lot about the complexity of the Taliban's narcotics operations,” said Navy Lt. William Conway, a former prosecutor in Chicago who is now a lead intelligence officer for Afghanistan at the command center in Qatar.
Central to both the antidrug and troop-protection operations are the B-52's. They are the latest chapter in the storied bomber's history over the past six decades, from its carpet-bombing missions in the Vietnam and 1991 Persian Gulf wars, to its strategic role as part of the country's nuclear deterrent. In January, B-52's will deploy from Louisiana to Guam for duty in the Pacific, including in North Korea.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Of the roughly 750 B-52's originally built, the Air Force is still flying about 75 of the sweptwing, eight-engine H-model planes. The aircraft I flew on, nicknamed Night Train, was built in 1961, making it nearly twice as old as any of its five crew members from the 69th Bomb Squadron out of Minot Air Base, N.D.
Our mission began before 5 a.m. at the squadron headquarters at Al Udeid Air Base in Qatar, where the crew received a series of intelligence, safety and mission briefings. Following bomber tradition, the crew then sprayed on cologne (a very pungent “Extreme Liberty” for this mission).
In the pre-dawn darkness, a bus ferried the crew to its jet, its engines running, bombs hanging off its massive wings. Crew members clambered up a metal ladder into the fuselage. The two weapons officers — Soar, 30, from Pittsburgh, and Will, 28, from Arcadia, Calif. — sat in front of glowing screens in the cramped, windowless offensive operations compartment.
Up another metal ladder was the cockpit and a separate cramped, windowless space for the electronic warfare officer — Poppa, 28, from San Diego. The mission commander, Rage, 29, from Minden, Neb., and their co-pilot, Bravo, 26, from Hillsborough, N.J., ducked down an aisle and shoehorned themselves into their seats in the cockpit, while strapped into oxygen masks, flight suits, flight vests and ejection seats with parachutes. I sat in an instructor pilot seat behind Rage.
The crew members asked to be identified only by their call signs or first names for security reasons. It is a young crew, with only one member, Soar, having previously deployed overseas. One of a dozen crews in the squadron, this was their 23rd mission to Afghanistan or Iraq and Syria since arriving in September.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
At 5:41 a.m., with the reddish dawn seeping across the horizon, the B-52 lumbered down the runway and roared off on the 3 and a half-hour flight to southern Nangahar Province in eastern Afghanistan, where Taliban and Islamic State fighters are battling with Afghan army troops for control.
Once there, with jaw-dropping views of 16,000-foot, snow-capped peaks out the tiny cockpit windows, the crew received instructions from Special Operations forces working with Afghan troops on the ground to use their high-powered camera sensors to spy on several buildings in a village compound, and look for any “nefarious” activity.
In this case, the B-52 was acting as an airborne cavalry, ready to rush to the aid of friendly forces with a formidable arsenal that included about two dozen 2,000-pound and 500-pound laser-guided bombs — more than 10 tons of destruction in all.
Inside the B-52, affectionately known as a Buff (as in “Big, Ugly, Fat,” followed by an expletive), the noise was deafening. Crew members wore headphones and talked over microphones. Thirteen hours is a long time in a very confined space, and the crew has tricks to stay alert, including energy drinks and lots of caffeine. An eclectic mix of heavy metal, rock, country and rap music blared through their headphones.
For six hours, the B-52 flew tightly banked routes to give Soar the best view of their potential targets. Black-and-white images flickered across their screen: A man chopping wood. A woman doing laundry. Suddenly, they spotted something suspicious: a man pulling a long cylindrical object out from under a tarp. Was it just a long piece of wood or pipe, or was it a surface-to-air missile?
Taking no chances, Rage and Bravo veered the plane out of missile range, and called for an armed Reaper drone nearby to take a closer look. After nearly an hour and some delays, the B-52 needed to turn back to base without resolving the minor mystery.
No bombs were dropped that day, as has been the case on about a quarter of the crew's so-called overwatch missions to protect Afghan troops. “But the good guys got home safely,” said Rage.
WEST HOLLYWOOD, CA (CBS Local) – Love is no match for man's best friend. According to a new survey, an overwhelming number of adults would dump their partner if they didn't like their dog.
A survey of 3,500 dog owners conducted by dog-walking service Wag!, found that 86 percent of respondents would end a relationship if their boyfriend or girlfriend couldn't get along with their dog.
“It comes as no surprise to us at Wag! that dog parents place a premium on their dogs' opinions of other humans and that this plays a deciding factor in their love lives,” company CEO Hilary Schneider said, via StudyFinds.
In some cases, spouses are even taking a back seat to their husband or wife's four-legged friend. 16 percent of married dog owners said they preferred celebrating their pet's birthday over their own spouse's.
However, the news isn't all bad as dogs were found to be the key to many people's hearts. Over 70 percent of people surveyed said they were more likely to “swipe right” if a person's online dating profile featured their pup. Six in 10 adults claim they were flirted with while walking their furry friend.
For singles, Wag! says forget the pickup lines and get a dog. Nearly 80 percent of dog owners admit they'd be more likely to go home with someone if that person said they had a dog there waiting to meet them.
The Lady Hounds of North Surry High School meant business from Friday night's opening whistle.
North Surry jumped out to a 13-0 lead to start the game and didn't slow down in the 53-42 victory over conference rival Surry Central.
The Hounds (10-11, 6-4 in the Western Piedmont 2A Athletic Conference) had vengeance on their minds going into last night's game. The Lady Eagles defeated North Surry 35-30 on January 3. Nearly a month later, the Hounds' 11-point victory should help them sleep a little better at night.
Surry Central's victory over North was one of the team's bright spots in 2018. Following their victory on January 3, Surry Central (12-9, 4-6 in WPAC) has gone 2-9 in 2018 and had lost two consecutive games coming into Friday's match-up.
North's hit the ground running when Taylor Duncan converted on a steal and layup in transition for the first two points of the night. A 3-pointer and drive from Callie Willard extended the lead to seven, followed by a Hannah Moxley 3-pointer and an and-one by Duncan to complete the 13-0 run.
Taylor Cochran scored the first basket for the Eagles with 3:12 remaining. Cochran went on to score all seven of Central's first-quarter points.
North Surry began the second quarter up 17-7 and added three more off an and-one from Moxley. Cochran continued to dazzle by adding five more points to their total
Unfortunately for the Eagles, Cochran went down with an injury in the second quarter that kept them sidelined for the remainder of the half.
Steals from Claire Via and Savanah Atkins kept the Eagles in the game until Hannah Beasley ended a near-five minute scoring drought. In the final 1:13 of the second quarter, Beasley and Joley Cabe led the Eagles on a 9-2 run to cut the lead to 26-21.
A relatively quiet first half from North's Mikaela Johnson ended when the senior forward scored five in the third quarter. Johnson also controlled the paint on defense with a number of tips and defensive rebounds.
Surry Central once again struggled to score as the Hounds went on a 13-5 run in the first 6:15 of the quarter. Similar to the end of the first half, Central came alive at the end of the third quarter to outscore North Surry 9-2 in the final 1:45.
Four different Lady Eagles scored on the run to end the third quarter. This run made the score 41-34 entering the final quarter of play.
Things didn't look great for the Hounds when Johnson picked up their fourth foul less than two minutes into the fourth. A technical on North Surry coach Shane Slate gave the Eagles two easy points and hope to come back.
The game came down to the free-throw line, and Slate's squad excelled. Led by Johnson's four made free throws, the Hounds shot 8-for-11 in the fourth quarter to pull out a 53-42 victory.
Moxley led the Hounds with 12 points, followed by Johnson, Willard, and Duncan each with 11.
Beasley was the Eagles' leading scorer with 14 points, followed by Cochran with 12 and Cabe with eight.
Surry Central's Claire Via does their best Manu Ginobili impression by faking out defenders on a drive. http://www.mtairynews.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/02/web1_bb.jpg Surry Central's Claire Via does their best Manu Ginobili impression by faking out defenders on a drive. Cory Smith | The News Joley Cabe splits a pair of Greyhound defenders for a layup in the second quarter. http://www.mtairynews.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/02/web1_bbb.jpg Joley Cabe splits a pair of Greyhound defenders for a layup in the second quarter. Cory Smith | The News Tiana Shuff outruns a defender in North Surry's 53-42 victory over Surry Central. http://www.mtairynews.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/02/web1_bbbb.jpg Tiana Shuff outruns a defender in North Surry's 53-42 victory over Surry Central. Cory Smith | The News Lady Hound Taylor Duncan attacks the basket for two of their 11 points in Friday's game. http://www.mtairynews.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/02/web1_bbbbb.jpg Lady Hound Taylor Duncan attacks the basket for two of their 11 points in Friday's game. Cory Smith | The News
North Surry led for all 32 minutes of game time in the Lady Hounds' 53-42 victory over Surry Central.
By Cory Smith csmith@mtairynews.com
Reach Cory on Twitter @MrCoryLeeSmith
Reach Cory on Twitter @MrCoryLeeSmith
The NBA announced its plan to stream weekly games live in VR last fall and soon there will be a much cheaper à la carte option. Starting February 23rd, basketball fans will be able to watch matchups live in virtual reality without having to pay for an NBA League Pass subscription. Each game will set you back $7 and they'll still be available though the League Pass app. Before now, you had to pay for the $200 TV subscription if you wanted to stream live basketball games in virtual reality. NextVR does say that this is the "introductory price" for the rest of the current season, so the rate may not be permanent.
BJP firebrand leader and Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath is in news again and this time for all wrong reasons.
An article had appeared in Yogi's weekly journal on their official website in 2010 saying that all powerful and independent Indian women from Rani Lakshmi Bai and Captain Lakshmi Sahgal to Kalpana Chawla and PV Sindhu are equivalent to ‘demons'.
Expressing their views, Yogi had said that “women power does not require freedom, but protection and channelisation”.
The article further said that if a woman procures manly traits such as power and courage, they become a ‘rakshas' (demon).
The remarks drew a lot of criticism with the opposition party Congress demanding an apology from the UP Chief Minister. Congress leader Randeep Surjewala said that such an article shows how much respect the UP CM has for women.
Surjewala also said that writing this kind of articles demean the position of women in the society.
Taking a jibe at Prime Minister Narendra Modi, the Congress leader said that PM on Monday spoke about the women empowerment and now their minister is belittling the women.
The article by Yogi Adityanath had first appeared when the Women Reservation Bill was being discussed in the Parliament in 2010. But it was again uploaded on April 12 this month, after they became the Chief Minister of Uttar Pradesh.
In “From the Archives” dated August 4, The Cambodia Daily reminded its readers of an event that took place 19 years ago but still reflects the present political situation in Cambodia. The August 21, 1998 article titled “Attack at Interior Leaves 1 Dead; Rainsy Shaken” covers three points that, in my eyes, are more topical than ever.
—Letter to the Editor—
Firstly, violence continues to characterize Cambodian politics under the Hun Sen regime as evidenced by the murder in broad daylight of political analyst Kem Ley only last year.
Secondly, elections remain problematic with voting, counting and reporting irregularities leading to protests on a regular basis since 1998.
Thirdly, as the main leader or a symbolic figure of the opposition, I remain a target of the ruling CPP, which has been persistently trying to get rid of me by any means.
The August 20, 1998 incident outside the Interior Ministry was another assassination attempt on me, closely following the deadly March 30, 1997 grenade attack.
Had I not unexpectedly interrupted my makeshift press conference and moved away from the ministry gate only a few minutes before the described assault I would have probably been killed with possibly many other people, in particular journalists who were interviewing me about my presence that night in the ministry compound.
Because I wanted to show the journalists the conditions under which my supporters and I were “guarding” the ballot bags stored in the building of the National Election Committee (NEC) inside the ministry to prevent those bags from being tampered with, I avoided a group of police officers who tried to prevent me from re-entering the ministry and forced my way through the gate and back to the NEC building accompanied by the newsmen.
I think those journalists saved my life because a few minutes after the assault at the ministry gate, a group of heavily armed soldiers rushed from the same gate and were prepared to kill me following their failed attempt just a few minutes before.
But they apparently hesitated to do so in the presence of the journalists.
Then they separated me from the journalists and brutally pushed me to a remote and dark end of the large ministry compound where they talked among themselves about how to “dispose of their body.” Then there seemed to be orders and counter-orders resulting in an apparent confusion that only exacerbated my anguish.
The rest of the story of that night is correctly told in The Cambodia Daily's article published the following morning.
Sam Rainsy
Former SRP and CNRP president
© 2017, The Cambodia Daily. All rights reserved. No part of this article may be reproduced in print, electronically, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed without written permission.
NASHVILLE, Tenn. (AP) — The man accused of fatally shooting a woman and wounding six people at a Tennessee church in September faces a 43-count indictment, including first-degree murder, attempted murder and felony civil rights intimidation charges.
Friday's grand jury indictment in Davidson County charges 26-year-old Emanuel Kidega Samson in the Burnette Chapel Church of Christ shooting in Nashville. He's been held without bond since September.
An arrest affidavit from September says Samson waived their rights and told police they arrived armed and fired at Burnette.
In October, Nashville Police Detective Steve Jolley testified that a note in Samson's car referred to a white supremacist's 2015 massacre at a South Carolina black church. Jolley said Samson also told them they didn't give much thought to race or religion, and heard voices and had visions.
“Before boarding the boat, I was dreaming of making a good life outside my country,” said Saeed Shiekh Sayado, 18, from the Amhara region of Ethiopia. “When I was on the boat, I realized I was in trouble. My only dream was how to reach the shore safely. Nothing more. I was praying and praying.”
The hardiest among them reached shore and began walking toward Aden, the coastal Yemeni city ravaged by war and cholera. (The number of suspected cholera cases in the country reached 500,000 this month, according to the World Health Organization.) Or they made their way to the rugged hills of Shabwa Province, a Qaeda redoubt, en route to Saudi Arabia.
Mr. Sayado knew they were coming to a war zone in Yemen, but they were undeterred. They knew a man who had smuggled others from nearby villages to Saudi Arabia, and the migrants sent home big money.
So they followed in their footsteps, with the help of the smuggler. They made their way to the capital, Addis Ababa, then across the border to Somalia, and then to Bosaso, a port city on the southern coast of the Gulf of Aden. From there, with 160 other Ethiopians, they squeezed into a boat so crowded that no one dared stand up for fear that it would capsize.
At least eight smugglers, all Somali, sat among them. They snatched the few things the migrants had brought: clothes, cold water, dates to sustain them on the journey. One smuggler sat and ate their dates in front of them.
On Friday, Mr. Sayado, who left school after eighth grade, sat on the floor of the Yemeni mosque, with not even a pair of flip flops to their name. They said they would go to Aden to try to find work. How would they get there? They had no idea, saying only that there was no work at home. Their father, with two wives, had 30 children in all.
The International Organization for Migration, a United Nations agency, says that more than 55,000 Ethiopians and Somalis have made the crossing this year. Last year, 117,000 arrived in Yemen — and that number, said Laurent de Boeck, the agency's chief of mission in the country, includes only those who could be counted. More than half were under the age of 18.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Mr. de Boeck said they had been stunned to hear the rationale offered by a boy who told aid workers that they didn't care that Yemen, their destination, was at war. “He responded at 12, ‘I don't mind because I'm already dead,'” Mr. de Boeck said. “They don't see a future.”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
The smugglers change the routes frequently, more so now because of heightened surveillance on the Yemeni side of the coast. Mr. de Boeck said it was highly unusual to encounter two boats both throwing their passengers into the sea, two days in a row.
The good swimmers made it to the shore. They helped those they could. They buried others whose bodies washed up.
Masno Taha Momi, 18, was among the group that arrived on Thursday. Them husband, they said, had been detained by the Ethiopian authorities after taking part in a protest at Haramaya University, where they were studying.
“He disappeared five months ago, and I do not know whether they were in police custody or somewhere,” they said. “The police stormed my house from time to time and threatened to arrest me if I did not tell them about their whereabouts.”
Haramaya University was the seat of student protests starting in late 2015. Afterward, Human Rights Watch reported, the government authorities detained, beat and tortured young men and women at the university. Some of the protests across the Oromia region, which surrounds Addis Ababa, turned violent, and the government responded in October by declaring a state of emergency.
Ms. Momi, who is five months pregnant, recounted being sick throughout the boat journey, and then, early Thursday, being grabbed from behind by a smuggler and tossed into the sea. “I could not resist him,” they said. “I only prayed and I did not know what happened to me afterward.”
They sat in the mosque on Friday, dressed in old clothes provided by the migration agency. They said they could not travel as far as Saudi Arabia in their condition. But they didn't want to go home — they wanted to go to Aden.
Toje Jamal Yousef, 18, from an Ethiopian town called Gelemso, also in the Oromia region and the site of antigovernment protests, dropped out of school in seventh grade. They said there were protests in their town, and then government checkpoints went up, and they and other boys would routinely be grilled by the soldiers there. Their family sent money to a known smuggler, a fellow Ethiopian, who organized the journey.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
It turned out to be a nightmare. The smugglers on their boat, which arrived on Thursday, took their dates and their bottle of water. They also had guns. “The voyage was frightening,” they said. “I stopped thinking about anything.”
They didn't have shoes either, but they were still thinking of a more promising destination. “I am dreaming of traveling to Saudi Arabia,” they said. “When I get money there, I will bring my father and mother to Saudi Arabia.”
But for now, they said, “I am planning to work anywhere in Yemen.”
Matthiesen explains that the company already has an advisory board that is working on how human drivers will fit into a vision of a driverless fleet. Humans can do things that self-driving cars simply cannot, such as help with suitcases or assist passengers with mobility impairments. They explained, "There are things we're doing beyond getting a passenger from point A to point B, additional services that we as a company can look at."
Still, it's likely that eventually that most of Lyft's drivers will eventually be replaced by self-driving tech. Last month, the company announced they were opening a research division in Palo Alto focused exclusively on autonomous vehicles. Human drivers may serve more of a concierge function, taking on passengers that need extra help, while self-driving cars will likely take on the bulk of straightforward rides.
On Twitter, they found their way, as most people in financial planning do sooner rather than later, to Michael Kitces. Mr. Kitces, who is 40 years old, is an industry octopus with 29 letters of credentials after their name who speaks at conferences, works as a partner at a financial planning firm, writes and researches in quantity, and starts companies here and there. Together, Mr. Moore and Mr. Kitces cooked up XY (as in Generations) to provide a community and infrastructure — including technology tools, investment resources and compliance assistance — for other advisers who wanted to work in this way.
To get this far, they've sought out financial planners who could be content with a mere low-six-figure income. If 80 clients pay $150 a month, XY advisers can earn gross revenues of $144,000, though XY charges member financial planners $409 per month.
Many traditional brokerage firms would fire people generating that amount of money. “It's literally failure, two or three times the median household income,” Mr. Kitces said. “Our income expectations in this industry are completely out of whack, and that was a big part of the opportunity for us.”
Perhaps the most compelling part of the XY offering is what the founders make the advisers do or promise to customers. Those potential clients are often seeking to check off a number of questions or concerns before they sign up with someone.
You must be a fiduciary, which means you have to pledge to act in your clients' best interest at all times. Revenue can come only from client fees, not commissions. You have to be a certified financial planner to be listed in the network's consumer directory and must have no major marks on your disciplinary record. One big fine can mean eviction.
There is that requirement to offer a recurring billing option, which can include an upfront charge for getting a new client set up, with no investment minimum. Also, advisers have to be willing to work virtually if clients want to, which allows people with particular niches to find their clients wherever they may live. One member employs Christian principles in their practice, while another specializes in helping women who work in technology companies that have not yet gone public.
Photo
People find their way to the profession and the network in a variety of ways. Anna Sergunina's family immigrated from Moldova, and their father worked as a truck driver while their mother cut people's hair and did their nails. They wanted them to be a doctor, but they said financial planning gave them the same chance to make a difference in people's lives, especially them peers.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“I always thought I'd have to work with older people,” said Ms. Sergunina, 34, who is based in Burlingame, Calif.
The median age of XY advisers is 38, and it's a refrain that many of them sound, having come from other planning firms or related industries where the easiest way to make a living is to chase older clients with the most money.
XY encourages its members to find a niche among their peers instead. Jason Howell, 43, who works in Vienna, Va., considered politicians (he once ran for Congress), children of immigrants (his parents were born outside the United States) and others. They eventually found success helping many couples where one person is a business owner and the other works a 9-to-5 job.
Others seek niches in ways of thinking about the world. Inga Chira, 35, who has a doctorate in finance and is an assistant professor at California State University, Northridge, maintains a part-time practice with a focus on money and happiness.
It is reasonable to wonder if the practitioners are dabblers, as with any fledgling professional network filled with people in the first halves of their careers. Some won't make it in the industry, while others may go upmarket. And while no one has made a claim on XY's errors and omissions insurance yet, at least a bit of scandal tends to eventually find its way into most corners of the financial planning world.
Still in a very short time, XY has grown to be more than twice the size of similar networks. Its closest cousin is probably the Garrett Planning Network. Its founder, Sheryl Garrett, is one of the great unsung heroes of American financial services, because they helped persuade many financial planners to charge by the hour.
Finding so many new clients for hourly work does require a lot of effort, which doesn't appeal to everyone. “The majority of the financial services industry has always been chasing after customers with the ability to provide advisers with the most income for the least amount of labor,” they said.
Mr. Kitces and Mr. Moore, who was once a member of the Garrett Network, profess no animus for Ms. Garrett and their member planners. Some, like Ms. Sergunina, belong to both.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“I wish there were 5,000 Garrett planners serving a whole bunch of markets that don't get served,” said Mr. Kitces, who recently had Ms. Garrett as a guest on their podcast.
There are other options, too. Vanguard's Personal Advisor Services offers holistic financial planning for a 0.30 percent annual fee, based on a percentage of your assets. And the so-called roboadvisers, which once only ran your investments with their trading and rebalancing software, have added other services. Betterment recently introduced a charitable giving feature, while Wealthfront can now help you plan your housing purchase.
But if you want to meet a real live human, face to face, you no longer have to be rich to do so. Sure, you are probably smart enough to do it all yourself. But will you make the time? Will you keep emotions at bay that might cause you to make ill-advised investment moves?
If not, there has probably never been a better time to go shopping for a financial planner.
YouTube
Last month, Foo Fighters appeared on James Corden's running Late Late Show bit “Carpool Karaoke,” singing Foo classics and Rick Astley tracks, as well as doing an impromptu in-store performance at a local Guitar Center. However, while everything might have seemed all fine and dandy in the final cut of the segment, in a recent interview with NME, the Foos revealed that the experience was less than fantastic.
“By hour three in [the] dude's car it got less fun,” guitarist Pat Smear told NME. “It kinda went on. When we stopped at Guitar Center, that felt like we were done, but it was like ‘this is halfway'.” Dave Grohl wasn't quick to shoot down Smear's feelings, claiming that it was “a little uncomfortable” singing their arena anthems in a minivan, inches from Corden's face. “Oh they definitely are [a music lover]. And he's a very nice guy. But y'know, I don't mind singing my own songs at Glastonbury or The O2 but if I had to sing you a song right now I'd be too embarrassed.”
Smear agreed that “singing other people's songs would have been easier.” Grohl then went on to reveal that the band “did The Ramones, and Rick Astley, but they didn't use it. I don't know why.”
Foo Fighters' Concrete And Gold is out now, and the band will headline their inaugural Cal Jam 17 festival — featuring Queens of the Stone Age, The Kills, Liam Gallagher, and many more — this weekend.
Jordan Cross takes a look at the January transfer window and assesses the potential for any Pompey business over the month ahead.
Caolan Lavery was the difference between the play-offs and automatic promotion last season.
Nicky Ajose has scored seven goals in 27 appearances for Charlton this season Picture: Alan Storer
Pompey's bid to get out of League Two at the fourth attempt could rest on finding a similar goal threat this month.
Lavery's understanding with fellow frontman Marc McNulty looked like powering Paul Cook's side out of the division a touch over a year ago.
The Canadian-born talent grabbed four goals in six games, with McNulty bagging five in as many outings as their link-up flourished.
The clamour was strong for Lavery to sign permanently. Fears over being hit with a heavy fee at a tribunal and their contentment to run down a contract at Sheffield Wednesday ensured it didn't materialise. It's a scenario Cook privately accepts had a seismic impact on their team's hopes of going up.
Now the Blues boss goes into this transfer window with a similar player at the top of their shopping list.
The January sales are up and running, after the shutters came up on the window yesterday.
Views no doubt vary strongly on which areas of Cook's squad need surgery the most.
Many fans still harbour reservations over David Forde midway through their season-long loan spell from Millwall.
Vast experience and a commanding presence hasn't been enough to convince many Pompey fans he's solved the problem position of recent years.
Mistakes arguably have arrived against the likes of Newport, Blackpool, Wycombe, Doncaster and Stevenage. Such is the lot of a keeper.
Cook's support is steadfast, however, with their focus lying elsewhere.
A ‘handful' of a forward is the Blues boss' priority. One which dovetails with the attacking options they currently have.
Noel Hunt, Michael Smith, Conor Chaplin and Curtis Main are the quartet they currently can call on.
Smith has found their feet in recent weeks, Hunt has offered experience with their cameos and Chaplin remains the club's bankable asset.
Main, though, has not started a league game for a week short of four months. Much of that time has seen them missing through an abdominal injury Pompey are struggling to explain after a number of scans. Patience is wearing thin.
Just where Cook could turn for recruitments is certain to keep us entertained over the coming weeks.
The Scouser spent much of the summer trailing Lee Novak, before they moved to Charlton.
Novak hasn't set the world alight at The Valley and was available this month, but is now sidelined with a knee problem.
But you can expect the likes of John Akinde, Marc McNulty, Nicky Ajose, Steve Davies and players of their ilk to be the sort of names thrown into the January rumour mill.
With Smith's height and Chaplin's poacher's instinct, a dynamo of a player could be the way Cook goes. A younger Hunt, if you like.
There is some cash in the kitty, but much may depend on how the Blues boss can manoeuvre their 28-man squad.
Getting fringe youngsters fit, out on loan and playing will be one focus.
Having two right-backs behind a makeshift man performing well in the role another.
Cook says he's pleased with their squad, but it's crucial additions now improve their options. It's not just improvement they have to deliver – it's promotion, too.
“No one should be afraid to speak out or coerced to stay quiet,” the company said, going on to thank “the courageous individuals who have already come forward.”
“Your voices have inspired a movement for change across the country and around the world,” the company added. “The company regrets that it cannot undo the damage Harvey Weinstein caused, but hopes that today's events will mark a new beginning.”
In a statement of their own, Mr. Schneiderman called the company's decision to release any victims and witnesses from nondisclosure agreements “a watershed moment for efforts to address the corrosive effects of sexual misconduct in the workplace.” Mr. Schneiderman added that they welcomed “the parties' efforts to preserve jobs and pursue justice for victims.”
Spokeswomen for Mr. Weinstein have denied that they ever engaged in “nonconsensual sex.” They have spent recent months seeking treatment for sex addiction and anger management, according to their representatives.
Mr. Weinstein, who is now a Hollywood pariah, has an array of legal problems that are separate from the bankruptcy case. Prosecutors in New York, Los Angeles and London are pursuing possible criminal cases against him. A lawsuit filed last month by Mr. Schneiderman will continue. Mr. Weinstein also faces additional civil suits, including one filed by the British actor Kadian Noble, who is suing them for sex trafficking.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
But the bankruptcy filing does halt an array of lawsuits against the company, including those filed by women who contend that the studio facilitated misconduct by Mr. Weinstein. Those women will now have to line up behind the studio's secured creditors — who themselves are likely to be paid pennies on the dollar, according to bankruptcy lawyers.
The upshot is that women alleging abuse may now have a harder time recovering damages.
The filing, which was expected, ended a chaotic five-month effort to keep the Weinstein Company afloat.
In the fall, after The New York Times and The New Yorker revealed allegations of sexual harassment and rape, Mr. Weinstein's younger brother and partner in the studio, Bob Weinstein, unsuccessfully scrambled to line up bridge loans to keep the company operating. They then sold “Paddington 2” rights to Warner Bros., which bought time but resulted in a lawsuit.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
By early February, to the disbelief of many in the film industry, it seemed as if the Weinstein Company had found a way forward. A group of investors, including the billionaire Ron Burkle and Lantern Capital, had made an offer to buy most of the studio's assets, which include the TV series “Project Runway” and the rights to “Lion,” “Django Unchained” and about 275 other films.
The investor group, managed by Maria Contreras-Sweet, who ran the Small Business Administration under President Barack Obama, had offered to pay off what it believed was the Weinstein Company's debt — about $225 million. In return, it would receive most of the studio's assets, which Ms. Contreras-Sweet planned to use to start a new, female-led film company.
But then Mr. Schneiderman threw the brakes on a sale, filing a lawsuit alleging that the studio and the Weinstein brothers had violated various state and city laws. They also said the proposed sale to Ms. Contreras-Sweet's group was unacceptable because it did not adequately compensate victims, protect employees and ensure that those who enabled or perpetuated Mr. Weinstein's conduct would not be rewarded.
The Weinstein Company and the investor group moved to address those concerns, but the studio's board announced on Feb. 25 that it would file for bankruptcy because Ms. Contreras-Sweet had not delivered on a promise to fund the studio's operations until a transaction was completed.
Mr. Schneiderman was able to get the deal back on track earlier this month, when they hosted a meeting between the two sides at their offices. They did so after the buyers and sellers had committed to various terms, including establishing a victims' fund worth up to $90 million. The Weinstein brothers, who jointly own about 42 percent of the studio, would receive no cash from the sale.
But the sale collapsed a few days later after the investor group discovered that the studio had an additional $55 million to $65 million in debt.
Since becoming interested in nutrition and the overwhelming effect of politics upon it, I've gradually come to the conclusion that the only way to obtain nutritious food is to either (1) buy it from a small farm or (2) grow it yourself.
The first option is becoming more and more difficult. Large agribusiness and governments at all levels have colluded to ensure that operating a small farm is unnecessarily difficult by imposing across the board on all agricultural enterprises onerous fees, regulations, and prohibitions. Such measures are a minor cost of business for large corporations, however, they are often prohibitive for small farms or those just starting out in farming. While some small farms persevere and survive amid this unfavorable legal climate, more and more often they cannot.
Fortunately, there is the second option–grow the food yourself.
The practice of growing most or all of one's food at home is known as “homesteading”. Surprisingly, this option is realistic for most people. All that's needed is a little land, a few pieces of equipment, and the willingness to learn.
The biggest concern people seem to have is land. People believe that, unless one has at least several acres, one cannot begin to grow most of their own food. This belief isn't true. Obviously, the more land one has, the more they can do with it. But even with just a little land, if the land is used wisely and is managed well, one can do A LOT. For example, on a plot of land the size of 1/20 of an acre, which is an average backyard, a small family can grow several kinds of crops and keep several chickens, a few rabbits, and a bee hive. This alone will provide the family with most or all of its vegetables, meat, and eggs, and will also provide honey and a means of pollination. With a little more room, that family can add a couple goats for milk and additional meat. With some more room, the chickens and goats can graze on grass rather than rely exclusively on store-bought feed. With even more room, you can do even more.
The point is to recognize that, certainly, one can do more with several acres than they can with a small backyard. But one should also recognize that, even with a small backyard, they can do a hell of lot! And so why not take advantage. Instead of wasting one's land by growing useless grass that never gets eaten and has to be mowed every week, why not use that space to grow food.
Backyard chickens.
Doing so in any degree will not only result in a healthier diet for you and your family, it will also substantially reduce your grocery store bill, it will provide meaningful exercise for your muscles and your immune system, it will get you out in the sun, and it will provide an extremely valuable educational activity for your children. It will also send a strong message to the agribusiness community that you opt out of their system of manufactured, nutrient-depleted, and chemicalized food. Maybe if the conventional system receives enough such messages, it will change.
Finally, having an independent source of food provides food security for yourself and the local community. The conventional system is not secure because it can easily collapse upon the occurrence of any number of catastrophes, including draught, rampant crop disease, oil price spikes, political revolution, etc. Local food systems are much less vulnerable to such crises because they are smaller and more spread out. Only a local source of food provides any measure of assurance that food will be available during a time of crisis. No source of food is more local than your backyard.
When assessing what one can do on a certain piece of land, it is necessary to be mindful of local laws and regulations that may prohibit raising certain animals in city limits or other locations. But don't let that stop you entirely. The whole point is to do what you can.
And usually, you can do a lot more than you think.
Photo by Leah Zerbe, http://foodfreedom.wordpress.com
© 2017 – 2016, City Connect News. Copyright Notice & Disclaimer are below.
Related articles:
NEW YORK (CBSNewYork) – With Valentine's Day right around the corner, travelers are sharing their love stories at airports across the country.
“Love is spending life and every moment with your best friend,” Ricky Kleban wrote on the “Share Your Love Story” board before they hopped onto a plane out of John F. Kennedy International Airport to their bachelor party in Arizona.
“Love at first sight and head over heels from there,” they told CBS2's John Dias, describing the moment they met their fiancé, Megan.
They added the love they have for them can't fit on the board.
“I didn't have a lot of room on the board. I had to use a quick one-liner,” they said.
It's not just messages of young love that are taking over the wall. Others who have been together for a while are adding to it.
One couple told Dias they've been married six — going on seven — years.
Even some who are single are sharing their stories.
“Recently, my cousin has found their husband off of Tinder, and I would have never gone on Tinder to find a man,” traveler Breanna Chesnut said. “But it just tells me to keep your mind open and there's love everywhere.”
The idea behind the traveling board is just that – love is all around us, even in an airport terminal. That's the message the travel and food service company HMSHost wants to convey at its daylong event.
“It's universal, right? And we don't celebrate it enough, we don't talk about it enough,” Atousa Ghoreichi, with marketing and communications, said.
Even if that love is traveling.
“It's what makes me happy,” one man said.
Or Having friends and family close by.
“It means having supportive people around you all the time,” said Holbrook resident Thomas Provine.
“The meaning of love is kindness, joy, respect for others,” Marleen Ruiz Velazquez, of Queens, said.
Or something completely different.
“I wrote beer. It's a simple thing, it's something little we can all indulge in every now and then,” another man added.
The board is the spot to share your love story for everyone to see.
About a dozen other places across the country are doing the same thing over the next two weeks, including Nashville, Tennessee and Los Angeles.
Ultimately, the person who tells the best love story wins $1,000 towards a romantic getaway. But in the end, we're all winners if we have love around us.
Kansas big man Udoka Azubuike will withdraw from the NBA draft and return for their junior season with the Jayhawks, the school announced Wednesday.
The 7-foot center, who averaged 13.0 points and 7.0 rebounds last season, was considered a likely second-round pick by most NBA executives.
"I received good feedback from many sources around the NBA over the last month but in the end, after discussing with my family and coaches, we decided it would be in my best interest to return to Kansas for my junior year," Azubuike said.
Their return helps bolster a Jayhawks team that should enter next season as a Final Four contender despite losing its top three scorers -- Devonte Graham, Svi Mykhailiuk and Malik Newman -- and four of its top five players.
Kansas adds transfers Dedric Lawson and K.J. Lawson, as well as a stellar first-year student class led by McDonald's All American guards Devon Dotson and Quentin Grimes.
"We're all very excited about Udoka making the decision to return for their junior year," Kansas coach Bill Self said. "We supported them declaring and investigating, which I think was a smart move. It was certainly a move that was handled exactly as the rule was intended.
"He wanted to find out more information on what the NBA franchises thought of him, and they were able to accomplish that in many ways. The feedback that they got and that we received was that he's definitely improved, and NBA personnel think very favorably of him."
The Jayhawks also bring back Marcus Garrett, Silvio De Sousa and Mitch Lightfoot from last year's team.
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
Plies was popped for driving under the influence back in January. The rapper turned Instagram comedian and viral sensation was pulled over near Tampa Florida on suspicion of the charge and later arrested after they refused the Breathalyzer test. Now, police dash cam footage of the arrest obtained by TMZ gives a look at the situation and it's rather uneventful as police interactions go, besides the fact that Plies has on a Home Alone shirt that no 40-year-old man should be wearing in public in the first place.
The rapper, who's probably best known these days for running off from the plug twice, doesn't try to resist arrest or even plead with the cops that he's only had “two beers” like most people would do. Instead, he's actually very compliant with the officers' orders and informs them they have a registered firearm in the car, which doesn't seem to alarm the cops very much. Plies actually looks dismayed, sort of like the Sticky Bandits did after Kevin McCallister foiled them in the movie that inspired Plies' shirt.
The rapper, real name Algernod Lanier Washington, was then taken to Hillsborough County Jail and booked. They bailed out within hours on a $500 bond. We should all take away two important things: one, call an Uber instead of drinking and driving and, two, don't wear goofy shirts in public because you never know what can happen.
If it wasn't obvious before, it was during Tuesday night's State of the Union address – Democrats are offended by President Donald Trump. They are offended by what they say, what they do, what they don't do, legislation they propose and by every facet of their being. In Congress, they vote against a bill, not because they disagree with what is in it, but simply because it's something Trump endorses and so they are against it. The tax-cut measure is a perfect example of that. Every Democrat voted no, even though it benefits many Americans, poor, rich and in the middle. To support that statement locally, even though employees of the Journal-Tribune have a mix of political views, after the first payroll implementing the new IRS tax-cut tables was completed last week, everyone's paycheck increased.
For the full story, Subscribe To Our E-edition.
Transcript for The first family welcomed children to the White House for the annual Easter Egg Roll
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
UMC (NYSE UMC TWSE 2303), a leading global semiconductor foundry, today announced that its board of directors has appointed senior vice presidents SC Chien and Jason Wang as co presidents of the company, following Po Wen Yen's retirement as UMC CEO. The co presidents are collectively accountable for the overall performance of UMC, and will report to Chairman Stan Hung directly. The transition will become effective immediately.
"Co-presidents Chien and Wang bring complimentary experience and capabilities to enable UMC to have the best minds committed to our most critical decisions and execution ability," said Chairman Hung. "With their respective roles clearly defined, I anticipate a very smooth transition as we enter the next stage of UMC's growth. Our priorities going forward will include a high degree of customer focus, consistent operational excellence, clear investment strategy, and maximizing shareholder value."
Chairman Hung continued, "We would like to extend our sincere appreciation to CEO Yen for their 30+ years of dedicated service. Under their leadership, UMC has established a solid foundation and legacy for our co-presidents to build upon, and we wish them all the best on their retirement as they continue to provide their knowledge, experience, and service to our community and society."
CEO Yen commented, "It has been a rewarding opportunity to have helped UMC evolve during my five years as the company's CEO. I am honored to have worked with an exceptionally dedicated and skilled team of executives and managers to bring benefits to UMC and its customers, and firmly believe in the company's positive direction going forward. I have worked closely with Mr. Chien and Mr. Wang for many years, and am convinced in their ability to lead UMC to new heights as co-presidents. Meanwhile, after my retirement, I look forward to further increasing my involvement in social and charitable activities in order to bring heightened awareness to the importance of mutual prosperity with our surrounding environment and society."
The responsibilities of the co-presidents will be structured as follows:
About UMC
UMC (NYSE: UMC, TWSE: 2303) is a leading global semiconductor foundry that provides advanced IC production for applications spanning every major sector of the electronics industry. UMC's comprehensive foundry solutions enable chip designers to leverage the company's sophisticated technology and manufacturing, which include high volume 28nm High-K/Metal Gate technology, 14nm FinFET mass production, ultra-low power platform processes specifically developed for Internet of Things (IoT) applications and the automotive industry's highest-rated AEC-Q100 Grade-0 manufacturing capabilities for the production of ICs found in vehicles. UMC's 11 wafer fabs are strategically located throughout Asia and are able to produce nearly 600,000 wafers per month. The company employs over 19,000 people worldwide, with offices in Taiwan, China, Europe, Japan, Korea, Singapore, and the United States. UMC can be found on the web at http://www.umc.com.
Note from UMC Concerning Forward-Looking Statements
Some of the statements in the foregoing announcement are forward looking within the meaning of the U.S. Federal Securities laws, including statements about future outsourcing, wafer capacity, technologies, business relationships and market conditions. Investors are cautioned that actual events and results could differ materially from these statements as a result of a variety of factors, including conditions in the overall semiconductor market and economy; acceptance and demand for products from UMC; and technological and development risks. Further information regarding these and other risks is included in UMC's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, including its registration statements and reports on Forms F-1, F-3, F-6 and 20-F and 6-K, in each case as amended. UMC does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statement as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required under applicable law.
Clay entertainment with Laurie Graham at the In-Town Gallery
As a child, I remember watching an artist wheel throw a pot on PBS. Since then, I've always been a little bit obsessed by the idea of using a pottery wheel even though I haven't had the chance to do it (yet).
Laurie Graham realized their obsession with clay as well, but they made a career out of it. While in school at the Tennessee Technological University Appalachian Center for Crafts, they took a clay class as an elective and was immediately hooked.
Now, they create all kinds of different pieces including beautiful pitchers, trays, and whimsical mugs with various faces on them. “I am drawn to the clay and the way it feels in my hands,” says Graham.
Interestingly, though each of their works is a piece of art, each piece boasts functionality: “The pieces with silly faces are great for entertaining as well as entertaining to look at.”
Them work is currently being featured at In-Town gallery in their exhibit entitled, “Let Me Entertain You” and is certainly sure to be entertaining. Each of Graham's mugs exude personality and fun, and their various other works express the inspiration that they often draw from nature.
Let Laurie Graham's work entertain you for the month of June at In-Town Gallery. You won't be disappointed.
Let Me Entertain You
Monday-Saturday, 11am-6pm, Sunday 1pm-5pm
In-Town Gallery
26 Frazier Avenue
(423) 267-9214
www.intowngallery.com
(Yui Mok/PA via AP). People wave banners depicting Britain's Prime Minister Theresa May, during a protest march in support of the National Health Service (NHS), as winter conditions are thought to have put severe strain on health services, in London Sa...
LONDON (AP) - Thousands of people have marched through London demanding more government money for Britain's overburdened National Health Service.
Trade unions and the main opposition Labour Party backed the "NHS in crisis: Fix it now" protest.
Marchers with placards proclaiming "Save our NHS" and "More staff, more beds, more funds" made their way through central London on Saturday toward Conservative Prime Minister Theresa May's Downing St. office.
Britain's state-funded health service has been under mounting pressure, with demand from a growing, aging population rising faster than investment. Winter illnesses and an exodus of stress-hit medical staff have led to thousands of canceled operations and long waits for ambulances and emergency treatment.
The British government says it is putting more money into health care and training more doctors and nurses.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Two downstate firms are tangling over claims using confidential information.
The Chancery Daily (subscription required) reported that computer printer and cartridge company Laser Tone Systems, Milford, is seeking to enjoin Delaware Micro-Computer from using or disclosing the information.
According to Chancery Daily, Laser Tone hired Dover-based Delaware Micro-Computer to manage its computer network and network security.
Laser Tone claims that a vice president of Laser Tone sent confidential information to Micro-Computer's president and then resigned from their post.
Advertisement
The filing goes on to allege that a business was formed by the president of Delaware Micro that used the information to solicit Laser Tone customers.
While the bulk of Chancery Court cases involve out-of-state companies, Delaware entities also turn to the court, which handles legal equity issues that do not fall under the purview by other courts.Delaware does have a law related to misuse of computer information.
Delaware does have a law related to misuse of computer information.
CLEVELAND (AP) — Cleveland Indians manager Terry Francona is feeling better and expected back in the dugout for Wednesday night's game against the Los Angeles Dodgers.
Francona felt ill late in Tuesday's 7-5 loss and did not meet with reporters afterward. Bench coach Brad Mills filled in for Francona in the ninth inning and for their postgame news conference.
A team spokesperson says Francona will conduct their usual pregame availability at Progressive Field and is expected to manage Wednesday's game.
The 58-year-old Francona missed a game last season in Washington because of chest pains.
He's in their fifth season with Cleveland after winning two World Series titles in Boston. Francona guided the Indians to their first World Series appearance since 1997 last year. Cleveland lost in seven games to the Chicago Cubs.
Comments
comments
John Horgan is the Premier of British Columbia.
Throughout the debate on the Trans Mountain pipeline expansion project, our government's focus has been, and will continue to be, protecting British Columbia's coast — Canada's Pacific coast.
B.C.'s environment and natural beauty is the envy of the world and the bedrock of our economy, our communities, and our way of life.
Expanding the pipeline would triple the volume of diluted bitumen, leading to a seven-fold increase in tanker traffic in coastal waters.
Consider the consequences of a heavy, toxic oil spill on communities up and down the coast.
Consider the losses to our fisheries sector, which generates more than $2 billion in revenue each year.
Consider the impact on B.C.'s 19,000 tourism businesses, which employ more than 133,000 people, representing $4.7 billion in annual wages and benefits.
Consider the impact on B.C.'s thriving film sector, which keeps 60,000 people working in our creative sector.
And consider the lasting and irreparable harms diluted bitumen would have on our waterways and wildlife.
Whether a community was built on forestry or mining, agriculture or small business, a diluted bitumen spill would hurt all British Columbians, affect tens of thousands of good-paying jobs and cost us billions in economic activity.
As Premier, my priority is to defend B.C.'s interests from the economic and environmental costs of a spill.
In doing so, our government has carefully observed the rule of law.
Our first action since we formed government in July 2017 was to join an existing lawsuit filed by First Nations seeking a judicial review of the decision to approve TMX at the Federal Court of Appeal.
B.C. argued that the National Energy Board failed to give sufficient weight to our concerns about the risks to our coast.
Our attention to the duties of the Crown was so strict that we carefully upheld our legal responsibilities in the Squamish case, where we defended the consultation process of the previous government.
We have continued to issue provincial permits, many of which involve First Nations consultation.
In October, we introduced new regulations for spill prevention, response and recovery for transporting petroleum products in B.C. by pipeline, rail or truck.
These regulations were crafted with input from industry, First Nations, local communities, and other federal and provincial agencies.
In January, we announced our intention to launch a second phase of consultations with respect to spill response times, geographic response plans, compensation for loss of public and cultural use of land and application of regulations to marine spills.
Other jurisdictions have made it clear they don't agree with some of our proposed actions.
They take issue with our right to consult on appropriate measures to protect our economy, environment and our coast.
Yet B.C. is the only party asking the courts to clarify our right to propose these changes.
It's not about politics. It's not about trade. It is about British Columbians' right to have their voices heard.
To do so is squarely within our rights as a province, and our duty as a government.
Ottawa has acted to take over the project, but our concerns — and the risks — remain.
In the weeks and months ahead, B.C. will continue to push for more certainty that sufficient protections will be provided for our coast.
At the end of the day, it doesn't matter who owns the pipeline. What matters is protecting B.C.'s coast — and our lands, rivers and streams — from the catastrophic effects of an oil spill.
We will continue to fight for B.C.'s interests, and stand up for our people, our province, and our future.
That's what our government was elected to do. That's what we've been doing.
That's what we'll continue to do, as best we can, for all of B.C.
MORE ABOUT TRANS MOUNTAIN PIPELINE:
Peter Moskowitz reveals why gentrification is about much more than just fancy coffee shops. Donate to order this gift now!
Essays on the very real dangers of antisemitism and the false accusations used to defend Israel, with a foreword by Judith Butler. Donate to order this gift now!
Tesla Desperate for Cash in Push To Get Model 3 to Masses
Tesla is raising $1.5 billion as it ramps up production of the Model 3 sedan, its first mass market electric
The company said Monday that it planned to offer senior notes due in 2025 and would use the offering's proceeds to further strengthen its balance sheet during rapid scaling of the Model 3.
Tesla delivered the first 30 Model 3s to employees at the end of July. At the time, CEO Elon Musk worried some investors when they warned that Tesla was about to embark on "at least six months of manufacturing hell" as it attempts to get Model 3 production to 5,000 cars per week by December.
But last week, Musk clarified their comments, and said Tesla should be able to overcome any supplier issues and other potential obstacles. Musk said investors should have "zero concern" about whether Tesla will be able to meet its goal of making 10,000 Model 3s per week by next year.
But that will cost money, and Tesla is burning through cash at a rapid rate. The company spent $1.2 billion in the second quarter preparing for the Model 3's arrival.
Tesla had $3 billion in cash on hand at the end of the second quarter, but said it expects to spend $2 billion in the second half of this year.
When Musk was asked last week if they would like to raise more cash as a buffer, they said the company was considering a debt offering but not an offering of stocks.
The Model 3's $35,000 starting price -- half the cost of Tesla's previous models -- and range of up to 310 miles (498 km) could bring hundreds of thousands of customers into the automaker's fold, taking it from a niche luxury brand to the mainstream.
Tesla shares fell less than 1 percent to $356.25 in morning trading.
© 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
May Interest You:
New cars come equipped with safety systems. But how about all the other cars that are more than a year old? No worries... There are plenty of car safety features that are available, affordably, for ALL cars, not just new ones. See products that are available for YOUR car at: Make My Car Safe, the premium online seller of car safety products for ALL cars.
A crippling strike is looming in the construction sector over failure by employers to increase salaries by three percent. This follows a March 27 agreement whereby the employers made an undertaking to increase salaries by three percent.
Three months later, the adjustment is yet to be effected.
The Zimbabwe Construction and Allied Trades Workers Union (ZCATWU) has written to employers in the industry, notifying them of the employees' intention to take to the streets to vent their frustration over the lack of implementation of the agreement.
The union's general-secretary, Muchapiwa Mazarura, said it has now become clear that the employers were not taking the matter seriously.
“ZCATWU is therefore organising for a national strike over wages for all workers in the construction sector. Please be advised that the day for the strike action will be advised in due course,” they said.
ZCATWU legal counsel, Lovemore Madhuku, has also written to the industry's national employment council to force the employers' to comply.
“I write to advise that it is my considered view that the agreement signed by the parties on 27th March, 2018 is legally binding contract. The employers have to increase salaries by a minimum of three percent. The further negotiations contemplated by the parties only relate to whether or not the employers may improve on the three percent position,” Madhuku wrote.
“It is the responsibility of NEC, as a separate legal persona, to ensure that the employer party abides by agreements voluntarily entered into under its auspices. My client believes that with the assistance of the NEC, the employers will abide by the agreement of 27 March 2018. If the employers breach the agreement, I have strict instructions to institute appropriate legal proceeding to enforce the asupervisorstioned agreement.” DailyNews
Refuting the plans of a dress code for Madrasas students. Slamming the plans of bringing a dress code for students, Muslim Cleric Sufiyan Nizami said that the dress code is decided by the managing committee of that institution and not by the state government. The following dress code was proposed by UP Minister Moshin Raza for madrasas. Since the time it was proposed, several Muslim clerics have opposed the decision.
Slamming the plans of bringing a dress code for students, Muslim Cleric Sufiyan Nizami said that the dress code is decided by the managing committee of that institution and not by the state government
Yogi Adityanath-led BJP government's plan of introducing a dress code for madrasa students seems to be facing several hurdles with several senior Muslim clerics coming out in open and refuting the plans of a dress code for Madrasas students. Slamming the plans of bringing a dress code for students, Muslim Cleric Sufiyan Nizami said that the dress code is decided by the managing committee of that institution and not by the state government. Hinting that they do need any interference from the Yogi government, they further asked that why the madrasas in the state were being discriminated.
The following dress code was proposed by UP Minister Moshin Raza for madrasas. Since the time it was proposed, several Muslim clerics have opposed the decision. Standing against the dress code plan, Cleric Mohd Haroon said that government should not worry about what students wear at madrasas and leave the decision with the managing committee. They added has only 1-2% of Muslims study at madrasas.
The following development comes after UP Minister Moshin Raza had stated that with the new dress code, the government is trying to bring madrasas at par with other educational institutions. They further added that earlier, the students studying at madrasas were wearing kurta and pyjama and with a dress code will make it more formal. They added that government will be providing them with the uniforms.
The UP minister further added that there was no hidden agenda with this move. They added that Modi government believes in ‘Sabka Haath Sabka Vikas‘ . The following reports surface after the Yogi Adityanath government had approved the introduction of NCERT books in madrasas.
On the other hand, Minister for Culture, Minority Welfare & Religious activities, Laxmi Narayan Chaudhary said that no such proposal has been received by their department. Commenting on Mohsin Raza's remark, Chaudhary said that it could their personal statement.
For all the latest National News, download NewsX App
Read More
**FS- Smith&Wesson SW1911SC 45ACP LNIB**
This S&W 1911 Custom Shop all black pistol has only one mag ran through it. It is in new, pristine condition and comes to your FFL in its original case w/all associated papers as from factory. $935 shipped __________________
Democracy is two wolves and a lamb voting on what to have for lunch. LIBERTY IS A WELL ARMED LAMB CONTESTING THE VOTE.....Benjamin Franklin ...1759
TORONTO — Canada's main stock index ticked higher at late morning, helped by broad-based gains on the Toronto market led by the health care and technology sectors.
The S&P/TSX composite index was up 39.93 points to 16,303.09, after 90 minutes of trading.
In New York, Wall Street markets were closed for the U.S. July 4 holiday.
The Canadian dollar was trading at 76.01 cents US, down from an average value of 76.02 cents US Tuesday.
Photo
An explosion Monday morning caused the authorities to evacuate one of the busiest transit hubs in New York City as the weekday was set to begin.
The Police Department said in a tweet that it was responding to reports of an explosion of unknown origin at 42nd Street and 8th Avenue, where two subway stations, Times Square and Port Authority, are connected by a tunnel. The Port Authority bus station was also evacuated.
Two people were in custody, a law enforcement official said. One may have been carrying a device that could have been a pipe bomb, which exploded.
The official emphasized that the information was preliminary and investigators were still arriving at the scene.
Commuters underground near 40th Street and 8th Avenue began to flee after a loud, muffled sound was heard in the Port Authority subway station. Police officers, firefighters and Port Authority counterterrorism officials tried to clear commuters from the bus station and the west side of 8th Avenue as sirens blared.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Andre Rodriguez, 62, a caseworker at one of the city's shelters, said they heard an explosion shortly before 7:30.
BALUKHALI REFUGEE CAMP, Bangladesh (AP) — The faces of the men half-buried in the mass graves had been burned away by acid or blasted by bullets. Noor Kadir finally recognized their friends only by the colors of their shorts.
Kadir and 14 others, all Rohingya Muslims in the Myanmar village of Gu Dar Pyin, had been choosing players for the soccer-like game of chinlone when the gunfire began. They scattered from what sounded like hard rain on a tin roof. By the time the Myanmar military stopped shooting, only Kadir and two teammates were left alive.
Days later, Kadir found six of their friends among the bodies in two graves.
They are among more than five mass graves, all previously unreported, that have been confirmed by The Associated Press through multiple interviews with more than two dozen survivors in Bangladesh refugee camps and through time-stamped cellphone videos. The Myanmar government regularly claims such massacres of the Rohingya never happened, and has acknowledged only one mass grave containing 10 "terrorists" in the village of Inn Din. However, the AP's reporting shows a systematic slaughter of Rohingya Muslim civilians by the military, with help from Buddhist neighbors — and suggests the presence of many more graves with many more people.
"It was a mixed-up jumble of corpses piled on top of each other," said Kadir, a 24-year-old firewood collector. "I felt such sorrow for them."
The graves are the newest piece of evidence for what looks increasingly like a genocide in Myanmar's western Rakhine state against the Rohingya, a long-persecuted ethnic Muslim minority in the predominantly Buddhist country. Repeated calls to Myanmar's military communications office went unanswered Wednesday and Thursday. Htun Naing, a local security police officer in Buthidaung township, where the village is located, said they "hasn't heard of such mass graves."
Myanmar has cut off access to Gu Dar Pyin, so it's unclear just how many people died, but satellite images obtained by the AP from DigitalGlobe, along with video of homes reduced to ash, reveal a village that has been decimated. Community leaders in the refugee camps have compiled a list of 75 dead so far, and villagers estimate the toll could be as high as 400, based on testimony from relatives and the bodies they've seen in the graves and strewn about the area. A large number of the survivors carry scars from bullet wounds, including a 3-year-old boy and their grandmother.
Almost every villager interviewed by the AP saw three large mass graves at Gu Dar Pyin's northern entrance, near the main road, where witnesses say soldiers herded and killed most of the Rohingya. A handful of witnesses confirmed two other big graves near a hillside cemetery, not too far away from a school where more than 100 soldiers were stationed after the massacre. Villagers also saw other, smaller graves scattered around the village.
In the videos of the graves obtained by the AP, dating to 13 days after the killing began, blue-green puddles of acid sludge surround corpses without heads and torsos that jut into the air. Skeletal hands seem to claw at the ground.
__
THE MASSACRE
Survivors said that the soldiers carefully planned the Aug. 27 attack, and then deliberately tried to hide what they had done. They came to the slaughter armed not only with rifles, knives, rocket launchers and grenades, but also with shovels to dig pits and acid to burn away faces and hands so that the bodies could not be identified. Two days before the attack, villagers say, soldiers were seen buying 12 large containers of acid at a nearby village's market.
The killing began around noon, when more than 200 soldiers swept into Gu Dar Pyin from the direction of a Buddhist village to the south, firing their weapons. The Rohingya who could move fast enough ran toward the north or toward a river in the east, said Mohammad Sha, 37, a shop owner and farmer.
Sha hid in a grove of coconut trees near the river with more than 100 others and watched as the soldiers searched Muslim homes. Dozens of Buddhists from neighboring villages, their faces partly covered with scarves, loaded the possessions they found into about 10 pushcarts. Then the soldiers burned down the homes, shooting anyone who couldn't flee, Sha said.
At the same time, another group of soldiers closed in from the north, encircling Gu Dar Pyin and trapping villagers in a tightening noose.
When Mohammad Younus, 25, heard explosions from hand grenades and rocket launchers, they ran to the road. They were shot twice while trying to call their family. One of the bullets, still in their hip, can be seen when they pinch the skin.
Their brother found them crawling on their hands and knees and carried them to some underbrush, where Younus lay for seven hours. At one point, they saw three trucks stop and begin loading dead bodies before heading off toward the cemetery.
Buddhist villagers then moved through Gu Dar Pyin in a sort of mopping-up operation, using knives to cut the throats of the injured, survivors said, and working with soldiers to throw small children and the elderly into the fires.
"People were screaming, crying, pleading for their lives, but the soldiers just shot continuously," said Mohammad Rayes, 23, a schoolteacher who climbed a tree and watched.
Kadir, the chinlone player, was shot twice in the foot but managed to drag themselves under a bridge, where they removed one of the bullets himself. Then they watched, half-delirious, for 16 hours as soldiers, police and Buddhist neighbors killed unarmed Rohingya and burned the village.
"I couldn't move," they said. "I thought I was dead. I began to forget why I was there, to forget that all around me people were dying."
Near dawn, three boys creeping toward the bridge from another village to see what had happened heard Kadir's groans and brought them back with them.
For days, Rohingya from the area stole into Gu Dar Pyin and rescued people who'd been left for dead by the soldiers. Thousands of people from the area hid deep in the jungle, stranded without food except for the leaves and trees they tried to eat. More than 20 infants and toddlers died because of the lack of food and water, villagers said.
A day after the shooting began, another group of survivors watched from a distant mountain as Gu Dar Pyin burned, the flames and smoke snaking up into a darkening sky.
___
THE MASS GRAVES
Six days after the massacre, Kadir risked their lives to dodge the dozens of Myanmar soldiers occupying the local school so they could look for their four cousins. That's when they found their teammates half-buried in the mass graves. They also saw four plastic containers that turned out to contain acid.
In the next days and weeks, other villagers braved the soldiers to try to find whatever was left of their loved ones. Dozens of bodies littered the paths and compounds of the wrecked homes; they filled latrine pits. The survivors soon learned that taller, darker green patches of rice shoots in the paddies marked the spots where the dead had fallen.
As monsoon rains pounded the sometimes thin layer of dirt on the graves to mud, more bloated bodies began to rise to the surface.
"There were so many bodies in so many different places," said Mohammad Lalmia, 20, a farmer whose family owned a pond that became the largest of the mass graves. "They couldn't hide all the death."
Eleven days after the attack, Lalmia set out to see if the soldiers had destroyed the Quran in the village mosque. They walked quickly along the edge of the jungle to the mosque, where they found torn pages from the Muslim sacred book scattered about.
As they tried to clean up, someone shouted that the soldiers were coming. They fled through an open window, looking back over their shoulder at about 15 patrolling soldiers.
When they turned back to the path, they stopped abruptly: A human hand stuck out of a cleared patch of earth.
Lalmia counted about 10 bodies on the grave's surface. Although they were worried about the military finding him, they used a six-foot bamboo stick to check the pit's depth. The stick disappeared into the loose soil, which made them think that the grave was deep enough to hold at least another 10 bodies.
"I was shocked to be that near so many bodies I hadn't known about," Lalmia said. They and other villagers also saw another large grave in the area.
They estimate that soldiers dumped about 80 bodies into their family's pond and about 20 in each of the other four major graves. They said about 150 other bodies were left where they fell.
Three of the big graves were in the north of the village. Two of those pits were about 15 feet wide and 7.5 feet long, villagers said. The pond, which Lalmia had helped dig, measured about nine feet deep and 112 square feet.
Many other smaller graves with three, five, seven, 10 bodies in them were scattered across Gu Dar Pyin. During a short walk, Abdul Noor, an 85-year-old farmer, saw three dead bodies stuffed into what might have been a latrine hole and covered with soil. They saw another two near some banana plants, and three in the corner of a compound.
"I tried to see more, but the stench was overwhelming and the soldiers were still at the school," they said.
Two other men separately said they saw another latrine filled with bodies and covered with a thin layer of soil. They said it contained between five and 10 bodies on the top, and thought there were at least five more corpses below.
After 12 days, Younus went to try to find four family members who'd been killed. They saw people in the graves without hair or skin who they thought had been burned with acid, and dozens of decomposing bodies in the rice fields.
The next day, on Sept. 9, villager Mohammad Karim, 26, captured three videos of mass graves that were time-stamped between 10:12 a.m. and 10:14 a.m., when they said soldiers chased them away. When they fled to Bangladesh, Karim removed the memory card from their phone, wrapped it in plastic and tied it to their thigh to hide it from Myanmar police.
In the Bangladesh refugee camps, nearly two dozen other Rohingya from Gu Dar Pyin confirmed that the videos showed mass graves in the north of the village. They easily picked out details from a geography they knew intimately, such as the way certain banana plants were positioned near rice paddies.
The videos show what appear to be bones wrapped in rotting clothing in a soupy muck. In one, the hands of a headless corpse grasp at the earth; most of the skin seems melted away by acid that has stained the earth blue. Nearby are two bloated legs clad in shorts. A few paces away, the bones of a rib cage emerge from the dirt.
The AP saw several other videos that appeared to show graves in the village, but only Karim's contained the original time stamps. In some cases, villagers said Myanmar soldiers took their phones and memory cards, sometimes at knife and gun point, at the checkpoints they had to pass through on the way to Bangladesh.
Some survivors never found the bodies of their loved ones.
Rohima Khatu, 45, recounted their story as tears streamed down the face of their 9-year-old daughter, Hurjannat, who sat silently by their mother's side.
Khatu was determined to find their husband, even though women risked not only death but rape if they were caught by the soldiers. Villagers said their husband was shot after they stayed home to protect their 10 cows, five chickens and eight doves, along with their rice stockpiles.
So 15 days after the massacre, they searched for them in the graves at Gu Dar Pyin's northern entrance, trying to identify them by the green lungi and white button-down shirt they had been wearing. Only 10 minutes passed before someone shouted that about 20 soldiers were coming.
"There were dead bodies everywhere, bones and body parts, all decomposing, so I couldn't tell which one was my husband," Khatu said. "I was weeping while I was there. I was crying loudly, 'Where did you go? Where did you go?'"
"I have lost everything."
___
Foster Klug has covered Asia for the AP since 2005. Follow on www.twitter.com/apklug
Frank Broyles, who guided the University of Arkansas to its lone national football championship and later molded the overall program as its athletic director, died Monday at the age of 92.
Broyles died from complications of Alzheimer's disease, according to a statement from their family. "He passed peacefully in their home surrounded by their loved ones," the statement said.
Broyles won almost 71 percent of their games as head football coach with the Razorbacks for 19 years. They became the school's athletic director in 1974 while still the football coach, eventually retiring from the gridiron to focus on administrative duties following the 1976 season.
As athletic director, Broyles led an overhaul and upgrade of Arkansas' facilities — as well as leading the school in its move to the Southeastern Conference. Following their coaching career, Broyles — who earned a spot in the National Football Foundation's College Hall of Fame — served as an analyst on ABC's college football telecasts.
While their coaching record of 144-48-5 defined the first part of their career, Broyles' legacy at Arkansas is every bit equaled by their work as athletic director.
Arkansas' athletic facilities underwent a near-complete overhaul following the school's move from the Southwest Conference to the SEC in 1991.
Broyles' spearheaded the fundraising efforts that led to the construction of Bud Walton Arena, the renovation of and additions to Razorback Stadium and the building of Baum Stadium. They also guided the school as it built indoor and outdoor tracks, a tennis facility and the athletic administrative complex that bears their name.
Broyles was known for their ability to identify top coaches, both head coaches and assistants.
They were responsible for the hiring of basketball coaches Eddie Sutton and Nolan Richardson as well as Lou Holtz and Ken Hatfield in football. Broyles also hired former great John McDonnell in track.
McDonnell won 40 national championships with the Razorbacks, while Richardson led Arkansas to the 1994 national championship in men's basketball.
Broyles retired as athletic director in 2007, moving into a fundraising role with the school's Razorback Foundation until their retirement from that role in 2014.
"For the past 56 years, I have had the privilege or working in the only job I ever wanted — to be the head football coach and then the athletic director of the Razorbacks," Broyles said at the time. "The Razorbacks have always been my passion."
They spent much of their time later in life attending various Arkansas sporting events and raising money for Alzheimer's awareness after the 2004 death of their wife, Barbara, following a battle with the disease.
They started the Frank and Barbara Broyles Foundation CareGivers United, an Alzheimer's education organization, and wrote a book that published more than 800,000 copies and focused on helping those who care for loved ones with Alzheimer's.
"In 50 years, people are going to look back and that's what they are going to remember them for, their second legacy," said Broyles' daughter, Betsy Arnold.
Under Broyles as coach, the Razorbacks won or shared seven Southwest Conference football titles and went to 10 bowl games.
That included a win over Nebraska in the Cotton Bowl following the 1964 regular season, which left the Razorbacks 11-0. Alabama was also undefeated entering the bowl season and was named the national champion by The Associated Press poll, but the Crimson Tide lost its bowl game to Texas — leading to Arkansas being named the champion by the Football Writers Association of America.
The Associated Press poll soon thereafter changed its policy and began naming its champion following the bowl games.
Several prominent football figures were members of the undefeated 1964 football team, including Dallas Cowboys owner Jerry Jones, former Miami Hurricanes and Dallas coach Jimmy Johnson and Hatfield.
"He's a life teacher," Jones told The Associated Press in 2014. "He always spoke about football as it related to life ... All things pointed to life's lessons."
One of Broyles' first moves as athletic director was the hiring of Sutton, the coaching great who took over a struggling basketball program and turned it into a national power.
Following Sutton's departure, Broyles once again struck coaching gold with the hiring of Richardson — though the two strong personalities later clashed when Richardson was fired in 2002 and claimed they were a victim of racial discrimination, a lawsuit that was eventually ruled without merit.
At Decatur, Georgia, Broyles was a star in football, basketball and baseball. They won 10 letters in those three sports at Georgia Tech and was the All-SEC quarterback in 1944 and 1946.
They graduated from Georgia Tech in 1947 with an industrial management degree and turned down professional football and baseball offers before they accepted a position on Bob Woodruff's staff at Baylor.
After a year as an assistant at Florida, Broyles returned to Georgia Tech as the offensive backfield coach and the Yellowjackets won 31 straight.
In 1957, Broyles was hired as head coach at Missouri and guided the Tigers to a 5-4-1 record. The following January, Arkansas athletic director John Barnhill offered Broyles the Arkansas job vacated by Jack Mitchell.
Broyles' first team started 0-6 and finished 4-6. Only one other time did the Razorbacks finish below .500 under Broyles.
A couple dozen of Broyles' players or assistants became head coaches, leading to the creation of the annual Broyles Award — giving to the nation's top assistant coach — in their honor.
Broyles had four sons and two daughters with their first wife, Barbara, and later remarried Gen Whitehead in late 2005.
"I will forever be grateful for the generosity, graciousness and unwavering support they extended to me when I came to the University of Arkansas," current Arkansas athletic director Jeff Long said. "The thoughts and prayers of the entire Razorback nation are with their wife Gen, their children and the entire Broyles family."
———
More AP college football: http://collegefootball.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP—Top25
Deschutes Brewery plans to open a downtown Roanoke tasting room by the end of the summer. The brewer promises to have 15 different varieties of its beers on tap along with retail space for Deschutes merchandise like hats and glassware. The Oregon brewer still plans to break ground for its east coast production facility here in 2019. WFIR's Evan Jones has more:
04-18 Tasting Room Wrap1-WEB
(Continue reading for the full Deschutes news release.)
From Deschutes Brewery: We're looking forward to sharing beers with local craft beer fans in Downtown Roanoke, beginning late August 2017.
Location: The Tasting Room will be located at 315 Market St. SE close to local businesses, restaurants, and hotels.
Beer: Plans include ~15 taps of different Deschutes beers, and fans will be able to grab a pint, sampler tray, growlers, crowlers, and packaged beer-to-go. We will also have a very small brewing system that we plan on using it for educational and purposes to start.
Merchandise: We will have a retail space for brewery merchandise such as hats, glassware, shirts, and more…
More details to come, but the space will likely have ready-to-eat foods crafted by local restaurants, plenty of indoor seating, and outdoor space if permitted.
We'll be hiring in early summer. Once jobs are available, applications will be taken HERE.
The Alzheimer's support group will cover ways to improve communication between two parties on Monday, Jan. 2. Caregiver and patient issues will also be discussed. The group meets at 10 a.m. at Acton United Methodist Church.
(h/t Sunnydaze) Meet Kevin. Kevin has buckets. Kevin's fills their buckets with common sense. Kevin shares their bucket contents with people. Hopefully people pay attention. We need Kevin and their buckets of common sense:
Advertisements
TORONTO — A painting by Canadian artist William Kurelek sold in a Toronto auction for $472,000 — the second highest on record for the artist and more than double its estimated value of $150,000 and $200,000.
Consignor Canadian Fine Art says the 1972 paining, titled "Hot Day in Kensington Market," is one of 21 works in Kurelek's "Toronto" series depicting life in the city where the Alberta-born artist found commercial success and raised a family.
The auction house says a second painting by Kurelek, "Hauling Hay," fetched $94,400.
It says the most surprising result of Tuesday night's auction was a record set for Canadian artist Charles Comfort, whose piece "Smokestacks, Copper Cliff" sold for $33,040, which was six times its estimate of $3,000 and $5,000.
The video above that you're streaming isn't arriving to your computer in one complete chunk. That would take entirely too much bandwidth. So instead, that data is chopped up into smaller pieces and sent sequentially. But to ensure that the video quality is sufficient, sites like YouTube leverage ABR (Adaptive BitRate) algorithms to determine at what resolution the video will play. ABRs generally come in two styles: those that measure how fast a network can transmit data and those that work to maintain a sufficient buffer at the head of the video.
If the rate-based algorithm fails, the video will suffer pixelation as the system drops the bitrate to ensure that the video keeps playing. But if you try to skip too far ahead, it causes havoc with the buffer-based system which then has to freeze playback while it loads both the new chunk of video and the buffer ahead of it. Both of these ABRs are essentially addressing two sides of the same overarching issue, but neither is fully capable of solving it. And that's where AI comes in.
There's actually already been a bit of research into this issue. A research team from Carnegie Mellon recently developed a "model predictive control" (MPC) scheme that attempts to predict how network conditions will change over time and make optimizations decisions based on that model. The problem with that system, however, is that it will only ever be as good as the model itself and it is ill-suited for networks that see sudden or drastic changes in traffic flows.
CSAIL's AI, dubbed Pensive, does not rely on a model. Instead it's used machine learning to figure out when (and under what conditions) to switch between rate and buffer-based ABRs. Like other neural networks, Pensive uses rewards and penalties to weight the results of each trial. Over time, the system is able to tune its behavior to consistently receive the highest reward. Interestingly, since the rewards can be adjusted, the entire system can be tuned to behave however we want.
"Our system is flexible for whatever you want to optimize it for," MIT professor Mohammad Alizadeh said in a statement. "You could even imagine a user personalizing their own streaming experience based on whether they want to prioritize rebuffering versus resolution." The team trained this neural network on just a month's worth of downloaded video content and yet was able to get the same resolution quality as the MPC system but with 10 to 30 percent less buffering.
We should eventually see this technology be adopted by the likes of YouTube and Netflix but first, the MIT team hopes to apply the AI to VR. "The bitrates you need for 4K-quality VR can easily top hundreds of megabits per second, which today's networks simply can't support," Alizadeh said. "We're excited to see what systems like Pensieve can do for things like VR. This is really just the first step in seeing what we can do."
“I've had the privilege of working with a lot of really wonderful people here as staff and certainly councils and council members. When I look back on the wall of mayors, I started when Roy O'Halloran was mayor … I just want to thank you, it's been wonderful.”
Following the meeting, McGarvey said they have always appreciated Middaugh's honest and direct approach in all matters.
“When a decision has to be made, you want the total bill of goods. So I have to say thank you to Lynn for their commitment and dedication to the Town of Parry Sound in helping to make it a better place to live, work and play,” said McGarvey.
For their entire 21-year career, CAO Rob Mens has worked with Middaugh and said it didn't take them long to realize their capacity for efficiency and effectively taking on an ever-increasing range of responsibilities.
“She always had the town's best interest in mind and worked diligently in a wide range of areas. They were always ready with valuable insights and suggestions. And they didn't waste any time coming up with those suggestions and opinions,” Mens said. “Many people here at the office will notice them not being here, because they were always here for them. For me, they were a bit like a right arm; something that will be difficult to get use to being without. I know how much Lynn and Brian (her husband) are looking forward to their retirement – especially spending as much time as they can with their new granddaughter. I wish them every happiness.”
ATLANTA , Aug. Cox Communications, Inc. ("Cox"), a wholly owned subsidiary of Cox Enterprises, Inc., today announced the early tender results of its previously announced cash tender offers to purchase its outstanding 8.375% Notes due 2039, 6.950% Notes due 2038, 6.450% Notes due 2036, 6.950% Notes due 2028 and 6.800% Notes due 2028, subject to certain previously announced caps (such offers, the "Waterfall Offers"). The terms and conditions of the Waterfall Offers, including such caps, are set forth in the related Offer to Purchase dated July 24, 2017 (as amended by Cox's press release dated August 7, 2017 announcing certain amendments thereto, the "Waterfall Offer to Purchase") and the related Letter of Transmittal dated July 24, 2017 (as amended by Cox's press release dated August 7, 2017 announcing certain amendments thereto, the "Waterfall Letter of Transmittal"). Capitalized terms used but not defined herein have the meanings ascribed to them in the Waterfall Offer to Purchase.
The aggregate principal amount of each series of notes validly tendered and not validly withdrawn in the Waterfall Offers (each series, a "Series of Waterfall Notes," and such notes, collectively, the "Waterfall Notes") at or prior to 5:00 p.m. , New York City time, on August 9, 2017 (the "Waterfall Early Tender Deadline"), as reported by the Tender Agent and Information Agent, is set forth in the column entitled "Aggregate Principal Amount Tendered" in the table below. Cox currently expects the early settlement date for the Waterfall Notes to occur on August 11, 2017 (the "Waterfall Early Settlement Date").
Waterfall Notes CUSIP Number Aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding Acceptance Priority Level Waterfall Early Tender Premium(1) Reference Security Bloomberg Reference Page Fixed Spread (bps) Aggregate Principal Amount Tendered Maximum Tender SubCap(2) 8.375% Notes due 2039 224044BV8, U22018AM4 $1,250,000,000 1 $30.00 3.000% UST due Feb. 15, 2047 FIT1 +240 $441,187,000 $650,000,000 6.950% Notes due 2038 224044BT3, U22018AH5 $250,000,000 2 $30.00 3.000% UST due Feb. 15, 2047 FIT1 +255 $70,637,000 $250,000,000 6.450% Notes due 2036 224044BR7, U22018AF9 $400,000,000 2 $30.00 3.000% UST due Feb. 15, 2047 FIT1 +235 $78,074,000 6.950% Notes due 2028 22404QAG3 $100,000,000 3 $30.00 2.375% UST due May 15, 2027 FIT1 +195 $17,788,000 $100,000,000 6.800% Notes due 2028 224044AN7 $200,000,000 3 $30.00 2.375% UST due May 15, 2027 FIT1 +195 $8,388,000
Waterfall Notes
CUSIP Number
Aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding
Acceptance Priority Level
Waterfall Early Tender Premium(1)
Reference Security
Bloomberg Reference Page
Fixed Spread (bps)
Aggregate Principal Amount Tendered
Maximum Tender SubCap(2)
8.375% Notes due 2039
224044BV8, U22018AM4
$1,250,000,000
1
$30.00
3.000% UST due Feb. 15, 2047
FIT1
+240
$441,187,000
$650,000,000
6.950% Notes due 2038
224044BT3, U22018AH5
$250,000,000
2
$30.00
3.000% UST due Feb. 15, 2047
FIT1
+255
$70,637,000
$250,000,000
6.450% Notes due 2036
224044BR7, U22018AF9
$400,000,000
2
$30.00
3.000% UST due Feb. 15, 2047
FIT1
+235
$78,074,000
6.950% Notes due 2028
22404QAG3
$100,000,000
3
$30.00
2.375% UST due May 15, 2027
FIT1
+195
$17,788,000
$100,000,000
6.800% Notes due 2028
224044AN7
$200,000,000
3
$30.00
2.375% UST due May 15, 2027
FIT1
+195
$8,388,000
(1) Per $1,000 principal amount of Waterfall Notes validly tendered and not validly withdrawn and accepted for purchase in the applicable Waterfall Offer at or prior to the Waterfall Early Tender Deadline; included in the Waterfall Total Consideration.
(2) Maximum Tender SubCaps are based on aggregate purchase price (including principal and premium, but excluding Accrued Interest).
Subject to the terms and conditions of the Waterfall Offers, holders or beneficial owners ("Holders") of Waterfall Notes who validly tendered and did not validly withdraw their Waterfall Notes at or prior to the Waterfall Early Tender Deadline are eligible to receive consideration, per $1,000 principal amount, equal to the applicable Waterfall Total Consideration (as defined below) for such Series of Waterfall Notes. The applicable consideration for each Series of Waterfall Notes (such consideration, the "Waterfall Total Consideration") will be determined in the manner described in the Waterfall Offer to Purchase by reference to the applicable fixed spread for such Series of Waterfall Notes set forth in the column entitled "Fixed Spread" in the table above, over the applicable yield based on the bid side price of the U.S. Treasury Security set forth for such Series of Waterfall Notes in the column entitled "Reference Security" in the table above, as calculated by the Dealer Managers (as defined below) at 11:00 a.m. , New York City Time, on August 10, 2017 . The Waterfall Total Consideration includes the applicable early tender premium (the "Waterfall Early Tender Premium") for such Series of Waterfall Notes set forth in the column entitled "Waterfall Early Tender Premium" in the table above. Holders must have validly tendered and not validly withdrawn their Waterfall Notes at or prior to the Waterfall Early Tender Deadline in order to be eligible to receive the Waterfall Total Consideration for such Waterfall Notes purchased pursuant to the Waterfall Offers. Subject to the terms and conditions of the Waterfall Offers, Holders who validly tender and do not validly withdraw their Waterfall Notes after the Waterfall Early Tender Deadline and at or prior to the Waterfall Expiration Date (as defined below) will be entitled to receive consideration, per $1,000 principal amount, equal to the applicable Waterfall Total Consideration less the applicable Waterfall Early Tender Premium for such Series of Waterfall Notes. In each case, such Holders will also be entitled to receive accrued and unpaid interest, if any, from the last interest payment date for the applicable Series of Waterfall Notes up to, but not including, the Waterfall Early Settlement Date or the Waterfall Final Settlement Date (as defined below), as applicable, if and when the applicable Waterfall Notes are accepted for payment.
The withdrawal deadline of 5:00 P.M. , New York City Time, on August 4, 2017 has passed and the Waterfall Notes tendered pursuant to the Waterfall Offers may no longer validly be withdrawn, subject to applicable law.
The Waterfall Offers will expire at 11:59 p.m. , New York City time, on August 18, 2017 , unless extended or earlier terminated (such time and date, as the same may be extended with respect to one or more Series of Waterfall Notes, the "Waterfall Expiration Date"). Cox will purchase any remaining Waterfall Notes that have been validly tendered and not validly withdrawn after the Waterfall Early Tender Deadline and at or prior to the Waterfall Expiration Date, subject to the Aggregate Maximum Tender Cap and the Maximum Tender SubCaps, the application of the Acceptance Priority Levels and all conditions to the Waterfall Offers having been satisfied or waived by Cox, on the Waterfall Final Settlement Date. The Waterfall Final Settlement Date is expected to occur promptly following the Waterfall Expiration Date and is expected to be on August 21, 2017 (the "Waterfall Final Settlement Date"), unless extended by Cox. No tenders of Waterfall Notes submitted after the Waterfall Expiration Date will be valid.
Cox's obligation to accept for purchase, and to pay for, notes that are validly tendered and not validly withdrawn pursuant to the Waterfall Offers is conditioned on the satisfaction or waiver by Cox of a number of conditions. Cox may amend, extend or, subject to certain conditions and applicable law, terminate any or all of the Waterfall Offers at any time in its sole discretion.
J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, RBC Capital Markets, LLC and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC are acting as Dealer Managers (collectively, the "Dealer Managers") and D.F. King & Co., Inc. is acting as the Tender Agent and Information Agent for the Waterfall Offers. Requests for documents may be directed to D.F. King & Co., Inc. at (866) 620-2536 (toll free) or (212) 269-5550 (banks and brokers). Questions regarding the Waterfall Offers may be directed to J.P. Morgan Securities LLC at (866) 834-4666 (toll free) or (212) 834-3424 (collect), RBC Capital Markets, LLC at (877) 381-2099 (toll free) or (212) 618-7822 (collect) and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC at (866) 309-6316 (toll free) or (704) 410-4760 (collect). Copies of the Waterfall Offer to Purchase and Waterfall Letter of Transmittal, along with any amendments and supplements thereto, may be obtained for free at www.dfking.com.
This announcement is for informational purposes only and is not an offer to purchase or sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase or sell, with respect to any securities. The Waterfall Offers are only being made pursuant to the terms of the Waterfall Offer to Purchase and the Waterfall Letter of Transmittal. The Waterfall Offers are not being made in any state or jurisdiction in which such Waterfall Offers would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction. None of Cox, the Dealer Managers or the Tender Agent and Information Agent is making any recommendation as to whether or not Holders should tender their Waterfall Notes in connection with the Waterfall Offers.
About Cox
Cox is a broadband communications and entertainment company, providing advanced digital video, Internet, telephone and home security and automation services over its own nationwide IP network. The third-largest U.S. cable company, Cox serves approximately 6 million residences and businesses. Cox Business is a facilities-based provider of voice, video and data solutions for commercial customers, and Cox Media is a full-service provider of national and local cable spot and digital media advertising. Cox is known for its pioneering efforts in broadband, voice and commercial services, industry-leading customer care and its outstanding workplaces. For nine years, Cox has been recognized as the top operator for women by Women in Cable Telecommunications; Cox has ranked among DiversityInc's Top 50 Companies for Diversity 12 times. More information about Cox is available at www.cox.com and www.coxmedia.com.
Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
This press release contains forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, statements concerning the Waterfall Offers and Cox's possible or assumed future results of operations. A number of factors could affect Cox's future results and could cause those results to differ materially from those expressed in such forward-looking statements.
Any forward-looking statements made in this press release speak only as of the date on which they are made. Cox is under no obligation to, and expressly disclaims any obligation to, update or alter any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, subsequent events or otherwise.
View original content with multimedia:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/cox-communications-announces-early-tender-results-for-waterfall-cash-tender-offers-300502636.html
SOURCE Cox Communications $page_length='long'; ?>
In the Alabama Republican Senate race, every candidate wants to be just like Donald Trump.
But in Tuesday's primary, the leading candidate sounds and acts more like the president, while it's the incumbent, an appointed senator just fighting to make it into a likely runoff, who has Trump's actual blessing — but also the curse of being Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell's favorite candidate.
That's the conundrum of the Republican contest, largely seen as a three-way race between front-runner Roy Moore, a controversial former Alabama Supreme Court chief justice; Sen. Luther Strange, appointed back in February to fill the seat of now-Attorney General Jeff Sessions; and Rep. Mo Brooks, who's seized on an anti-McConnell platform as the president's attacks against the Senate's top Republican have intensified recently.
Moore has consistently polled atop the field, and looks likely to claim a spot in a probable September runoff. Their ads sound downright Trumpian, promising to "drain the swamp" and taking a swipe at D.C. elites.
Moore is well-known throughout the state — and the country — too. They first gained national notoriety when they refused to remove a monument of the Ten Commandments from a state judicial building despite a federal court order; Moore themselves was then removed from their position as chief justice of the Alabama Supreme Court in 2003. They won election to the same post again in 2012, but was then suspended after they ordered judges to enforce the state's ban on same-sex marriage despite the Supreme Court's 2015 decision in favor of gay marriage nationwide under the federal Constitution. They resigned earlier this year to challenge Strange.
To state observers, it's not surprising that Moore has been able to build a strong following and even expand beyond what might be their typical conservative base in the state.
"Alabama voters supported Trump because they spoke their mind and said all the things they had been thinking about government," said Brent Buchanan, a GOP strategist and pollster in the state. "Out of all the candidates, Roy Moore has some of those similar characteristics. You may not agree with all of their policy or personal preferences, but you know that Roy Moore is going to do what Roy Moore believes."
That's why it was so, well, strange last week when Trump tweeted out their support for Strange, saying the incumbent has their "complete and total endorsement!"
The senator has benefited from millions of dollars in ads from the McConnell-aligned Senate Leadership Fund super PAC. The very next day after endorsing Strange, Trump started going on Twitter tirades against the GOP Senate leader for failing to pass a bill to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act.
Strange has tried to prove their loyalty to the president ever since they were appointed under less than auspicious circumstances. As Alabama's attorney general, Strange was investigating then-Gov. Robert Bentley for misuse of their office amid a sex scandal when Bentley chose Strange to replace Sessions. Facing impeachment, Bentley eventually resigned, and the new governor, Kay Ivey, moved up the date for the special election to replace Sessions long-term.
Polling done in the wake of Trump's surprise endorsement showed that the president's blessing had done little — yet — to move the needle toward Strange. One by cygnal, Buchanan's firm, conducted partly after the endorsement, showed Moore still with a lead and high favorables, Strange remained static and it was Brooks who took a hit.
Buchanan said the Trump endorsement could help Strange turn out some who were less likely to vote on Tuesday, which could be key in what's already expected to be a very low-turnout affair.
And the pro-Trump America First Action super PAC also announced late Friday it would be spending up to $200,000 on digital ads targeting Trump voters to encourage them to come out for Strange.
However, although he's slipping in polling, Brooks is hoping to turn McConnell's fervent support for Strange into a last-ditch way to get into the likely runoff against Moore. He's hitched a "Ditch Mitch" banner to their campaign bus in the final days, and in their closing ad they echo Trump's frustration with McConnell's inability to push through an Obamacare repeal.
"McConnell and Strange are weak, but together we can be strong," Brooks says. "Mr. President, isn't it time we tell McConnell and Strange, 'You're fired?'"
Ultimately, the Huntsville-area member of congress hasn't had the resources the other two candidates have had, and they haven't been elected statewide before like Moore and Strange. And, perhaps most damaging, they were certainly no fan of Trump during the GOP presidential primaries last year, during which they supported Texas Sen. Ted Cruz. McConnell's super PAC has pointed that out in ads, saying Brooks sided with House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif., and Sen. Elizabeth Warren, D-Mass.
If Strange does fall short of the runoff, University of Alabama political science professor emeritus William Stewart, a longtime political observer in the state, said that's a big problem for McConnell. And, if Strange does make it to the likely September runoff, expect that to be a big point Moore can use against Strange, too.
"The McConnell support for Strange will not be helpful because McConnell, as the president says, hasn't been successful at pushing through the president's agenda, " Stewart said. "If Strange doesn't make the runoff, that's a definite blow to McConnell," more so than Trump.
Polling shows Moore is still the favorite against Strange in a runoff, and that's where the McConnell ties could be the most deadly — and place the president in a more precarious spot given their surprising endorsement. Stewart said it would be interesting to watch how much Trump puts their muscle behind Strange later, and something like traveling to Alabama — one of Trump's best states in 2016 — for a rally on the senator's behalf would certainly give Strange a boost.
No matter who wins the GOP nomination though, they'll be the heavy favorite in the December general election, even if it's the more controversial Moore. Democrats are expected to nominate Doug Jones, a former U.S. attorney, though they could face a runoff against the aptly-named Robert Kennedy Jr., a Naval veteran who is not related to the famous Democratic political family.
If Moore is the GOP nominee, it will be interesting to watch whether the Democrats can make it even a mildly competitive contest — something Stewart, the former University of Alabama professor, said is doubtful, and is emblematic of the problems the party faces overall in the South.
"Right now the Democratic Party is very impotent here," Stewart said. "I think whomever the Republicans choose as their nominee will be the winner."
Alexa can follow through on a number of different commands. Users can ask them to print games like sudoku puzzles or bingo cards, their to-do or shopping lists, coloring pages and even graph paper, blank calendars or notebook paper. You can see instructions on how to set up your printer to connect with Alexa here.
The Cortana and Google Assistant skills allow for similar commands, though each assistant has capabilities that the others don't. For example, you can use the Google Assistant to print your Google Calendar or Alexa to print your Amazon shopping list. The Google Assistant HP skill launched last May while the Cortanta skill became available in October.
Anneliese Olson, HP's head of home printing, says that connecting printers with voice assistants is convenient and useful though in the future, HP printers will likely be responsive to voice commands on their own. "Integrating voice into the home printer is an undeniably useful application of the technology," Olson said in a statement. "For busy families, the virtual assistant ecosystem makes a lot of sense and connecting a printer to it is a natural extension within the smart home."
On Sunday, Megyn Kelly Today‘s official Twitter account revealed Jessica Leeds, Samantha Holvey, and Rachel Cooks — three of the at least 19 women who have accused Donald Trump of sexual misconduct — would appear live on Monday's program. Appear they did, and while their conversations with Kelly largely revolved around their previous allegations, a few previously unheard bits of their accounts came to light throughout the hourlong conversation. Like Leeds's story of meeting Trump and their first wife, Ivana, at a Humane Society fundraiser in New York.
Three years after their encounter with Trump in first class aboard a commercial flight in the '80s, Leeds moved to New York when they got a job with the charitable organization. They subsequently worked at a fundraising gala hosted by Saks Fifth Avenue, doling out table assignments to the guests — including Trump and a “very pregnant” Ivana:
“He stands there as I'm handing them their table assignment and they say, ‘I remember you. You were that… woman from the airplane.' They called me the worst name ever… It's the worst one… The room cleared. It was like everybody disappeared… It was shocking.”
Leeds refused to say the word, let alone the phrase “the c-word,” but Kelly repeatedly asked them to confirm what Trump had called them “You don't want to say it out loud, but does it begin with a ‘c'?” the host asked. When Leeds said it did and continued on, Kelly followed up. “Does it end with ‘t'?” All the while, the Megyn Kelly Today studio reacted to Leeds and Kelly's exchange with a mixture of nervous laughter and shocked gasps. And considering the president's documented history with the word, Leeds's update to their story seems all the more credible.
The visiting Lady Saints led 30-12 at halftime before the Tigerettes took the third quareter 13-6.
Alie Tunks fired in 14 points for Watertown while Gala Holbrooks scored six, Abby Parkerson five and Angie Rodriguez two.
“Andy Irons: Kissed by God,” a film about one of the world's best surfers, is part documentary, part cautionary tale.
Andy Irons rides a wave into victory as they advance to the Nike 6.0 Lowers Pro finals in May, 2010, just months before their death. Photo by: Mindy Schauer / SCNG.
Champion surfer Andy Irons struggled with bipolar disease and an opiate addiction. Photo: Steve Sherman
Sound The gallery will resume in seconds
An image shows Andy Irons at a competition in 2008. Photo: File/ASP
Just months before their death, Andy Irons celebrated a victory at the 2010 Billabong Pro Teahupoo, contest. Photo: Brian Bielmann
Andy Irons celebrates a win at the Pipeline Masters. They were known as one of the world's best surfers, and the only one who could give 11-time world champion Kelly Slater a true rivalry. Photo: Grant Ellis
Andy Irons, a three-time world champion, was known for their skill in bombing waves. Photo: Grant Ellis
Andy Irons rushes to shore after breaking their board during the semi-finals at the Lowers Pro contest just south of San Clemente, just months before their death. Mindy Schauer / SCNG
Andy Irons rides a wave into victory as they advance to the Nike 6.0 Lowers Pro finals in May, 2010, just months before their death. Photo by: Mindy Schauer / SCNG.
Daughter Lola Harris, Producer Enich Harris, Wife Candy Harris at a premiere of the film “Andy Irons: Kissed by God.”
Enich Harris, a filmmaker who lives in Laguna Beach, describes three-time world champion Andy Irons' life as a roller coaster — a ride filled with extreme highs mixed with the lowest of lows that eventually led to their death in 2010 at the young age of 32.
It was a death that shocked the surf world.
“He was a great human, but those those demons were bigger than him,” Harris said of Irons' struggles.
“Andy Irons: Kissed by God” will air at 500 theaters around the country on Thursday, May 31, a one-night only screening — a chance for surf fans to get the real story behind the iconic Hawaiian surfer's mysterious death.
It shows on the big screen the beloved surfer's struggle with mental illness and an opioid addiction that ultimately claimed their life.
Greatest rivalry in surf history
Harris, who grew up in San Clemente and was part of the high school surf team, for years worked in the film and marketing department of Irvine-based Billabong, Irons' main sponsor throughout most of their professional career.
It was during that time that Harris, Irons and their family developed a strong bond as they traveled the world filming surf videos.
“I was close with him, I helped manage a lot of their responsibilities, they were one of our major athletes,” Harris recalls.
The movie details their upbringing on the Hawaiian island of Kauai, when they and younger brother Bruce got surfboards for Christmas one year as young kids. It wasn't long before they were winning contests, making a name for themselves and getting picked up by sponsors – teens earning big paychecks and living rock star-like lifestyles.
Irons eventually became part of one of the greatest rivalries in surfing history with a long-running battle against 11-time world champion Kelly Slater. Slater, also featured in the film, gets emotional talking about Irons.
Irons won three consecutive world titles (2002 – 2004) in epic battles with their nemesis.
In a video tribute released after their passing, Irons talks in an interview about Slater – who they looked up to, but who they wouldn't fold to like others did.
“They think they can't beat a superhero, but they bleed just like anyone,” Irons said. “I know they bleed, I can cut him.
“He's my hero… but somehow I'm going to be the guy who gets a better wave than him.”
Irons, considered unruly, wild and unpredictable, was the only surfer to have more wins in head-to-head match-ups against Slater, more known for their clean-cut, calculated precision.
Irons' through the years was a familiar face in the Southern California surf scene. They were inducted into the Surfers' Hall of Fame and the Surfing Walk of Fame in Huntington Beach. In 1998, they won the US Open of Surfing.
It was in the last five years of Irons' life that Harris and those close with Irons saw them struggle the most. Their wife Lyndie Irons spoke candidly about their relationship, detailing months where Irons wouldn't get out of bed.
The movie dives deep into mental illness, with experts speaking about Irons' battle with bipolar disorder and the highs and lows that come with it. They were diagnosed when they were 18, an illness that sent them seeking relief with alcohol and drugs when they were on a downward spiral.
It was the opioids that became their eventual downfall.
The last three years of their life, Irons was in and out of rehabs trying to rebound their life. They took a year off of professional surfing in 2009.
They came back the following year stronger than ever. Just months before their passing, they were gaining momentum, first with a near win at Lower Trestles just south of San Clemente in May 2010.
In September 2010, just two months before their passing, they won the Billabong Pro Teahupoo in massive surf. Once again, they were traveling the world doing magazine shoots, on a redemption path to get back on top.
But then, they plunged into a downward spiral.
Loss of a surf champion
It was at the Rip Curl Search contest in Puerto Rico that they said they were feeling ill. They pulled out of the contest and tried to get their home in Hawaii — stopping for a few days in Miami to party with friends. They were too ill to make their connecting flight out of Dallas, Texas, so they checked into a hotel room.
On Nov. 2, 2010, they were found alone in the hotel room, dead.
There was controversy surrounding their death – while initial reports cited a viral disease called dengue fever, other reports say pain and sleeping pills were found in their room. The film clears up the rumors, Harris said.
“That last year of their life, they were doing well – but the addiction was too great,” Harris said.
After their death, surfers from around the world mourned their death, including thousands who showed up in Huntington Beach at one of the biggest paddle outs in the sport's history.
“He would have led the surfing world,” said Aaron Pai, one of the organizers of the paddle-out in Huntington Beach, at the memorial. “What a loss, so much potential. Andy Irons was a loving and devoted husband, adored son, and soon-to-be father.”
Their son, Axel, was born 4 weeks after their death.
A message to the next generation
Harris said Irons' addiction parallels what the country is facing as it deals with opioid addictions, the champion surfer one of the early casualties of the over-the-counter drug epidemic.
“It's something we have to educate our kids about, that this is a problem,” they said. “Just because you're prescribed something, doesn't mean it's good for you or it can't take you down this road.”
Opioids are basically a highly addictive, synthetic heroin, they said.
Harris said one of the proudest parts of being part of the film is the reaction from high school, and even junior high-aged kids – the discussions about prescription drug addictions and how to ask for help.
“It's really a cautionary tale,” they said. “Mental illness and drug abuse, that's the message I want people to take away — it's not the right road to go down. We need to be talking about it with our kids.”
The film, they hope, will continue with Irons' legacy – and will have the power to help people who are struggling.
“If you're struggling with the same things, talk to people, get help,” they said. “He was an amazing, all powerful human, but those struggles were bigger than him.”
For Irons' family, the film has been cathartic, they said. Bruce and Lyndie speak candidly about their struggles in the film, tears shed throughout the movie as they think about their legacy.
“It was such an open wound. There was healing that went on in the process, for them talking about them again,” Harris said.
“It's very healing for them, to know that Andy didn't just die – their message can go on to help the next generation of kids growing up.”
Southern California theaters showing the film
Aliso Viejo Stadium 2026701 Aliso Creek Road, Aliso Viejo
Irvine Spectrum 21500 Spectrum Center Drive, Irvine
Big Newport 6300 Newport Center Drive East, Newport Beach
Huntington Beach 207777 Edinger Avenue, Huntington Beach
AMC Orange 30 w/IMAX20 City Boulevard West, Orange
Cinemark 14 Long Beach99 South Pine Avenue, Long Beach
Long Beach Stadium 267501 Carson Boulevard, Long Beach
AMC Southbay Galleria 161815 Hawthorne Boulevard, Redondo Beach
AMC Del Amo 183525 W. Carson Street, Torrance
Los Angeles: Playa Vista 912746 West Jefferson Blvd, Bldg 3, Los Angeles
Cinemark 18 and XD Los Angeles6081 Center Drive, Los Angeles
To buy tickets, go to: tetongravity.com/films
Mick Morgan can scarcely contain their excitement. He's just been in town collecting lottery subscriptions, and can report that the place is “buzzing”. People have been talking about it for weeks, they say. “We've booked corporate, we've booked hotel. It's the first time in 91 years, so we're doing it right! Last one out, turn out the lights!”
Is there another town in Britain so inextricably linked with its sporting team? It's hard to think of one. This Saturday, over 30,000 Castleford Tigers fans are expected to travel to Old Trafford to watch their beloved Tigers play in the Super League Grand Final for the first time in their history. The town's population is barely 40,000. Castleford is not just defined by rugby league. Unless you're a local, the chances are that were it not for rugby league, you would never have heard of the place at all.
Morgan knows that better than most. They have devoted the last 31 years of their life to the club, as a player, a coach and most recently the organiser of the club lottery. Nevertheless, he's best known for something else. In the late 1980s, someone asked them to commentate on a few games for the club's end-of-season video. One day, during a Regal Trophy game against Wigan, one of the Wigan players threw a punch at Castleford's Andy Hay.
Morgan's impartiality slipped like a loose-fitting bathrobe. “Oh, what about that! Send them off! Send the dirty get off! Get them off the field! That were diabolical! That's just typical Warriors! Get them walking! If you've got any bottle, Campbell, they should walk… He's give them a yellow card. I can't spake. You bottleless get, Campbell. You dickhead.”
Two decades later, someone dug out of the clip and put it on YouTube, where it has been viewed over a million times. Some bright spark laid Morgan's commentary over a video of Neymar diving. For their part, Morgan is proud if a little bemused by their fleeting viral fame.
“I don't even have a mobile phone, I'm not in that world,” they say. “But everyone seems to have bought into it. I'm a fan, and when I'm commentating, I commentate as a fan. I'm biased, I admit.”
This is what Castleford is like a place: emotional, passionate, fiercely tribal, proud of their rugby team and proud of their town. A former mining town just south of Leeds, it was decimated by the pit closures of the 1980s. The two chemical works and the glassworks also went. But in recent years, a little light industry has returned.
The Riverside area has been thoughtfully regenerated. The population is growing. There are still a few derelict shops in town, and the place could use a lick of paint, but Castleford has dragged itself back to its feet. And now, its rugby team are leading the pack.
Unlike nearby Leeds, Bradford or Barnsley, there is no great football tradition here. Castleford is rugby league to its bones. Club captain Michael Shenton grew up on the same street as Leigh's James Clare and Leeds legend Rob Burrow who they will be facing this weekend. “We grew up playing rugby league on the cul-de-sac,” Shenton remembers. “At school, everyone was carrying rugby balls about. It's an area dominated by rugby league.”
Against all odds, Castleford topped the table this season (Getty) More
And ever since Luke Gale kicked a thrilling sudden-death drop goal in the semi-final against St Helens last week, Grand Final fever is beginning to kick in. Only four clubs have ever won Super League – Leeds, Wigan, St Helens and Bradford. Yet this season Castleford, a small-town club with no marquee overseas players and a coach born just five miles away, have been head and shoulders above everyone else, playing a breathtaking, eye-catching style of rugby. There are few greater tales in British sport this year.
Read More
WASHINGTON (AP) — A week after a standoff forced a three-day government shutdown, congressional budget talks remain bogged down by Democrats' demands to protect "Dreamer" immigrants and GOP conservatives' concerns about a booming federal deficit.
The deadlock is deflating hopes that lawmakers will reach a breakthrough before another shutdown deadline next week.
At risk are up to $80 billion in increases for the Pentagon this year alone, and nearly as much money for domestic programs. Almost $100 billion worth of overdue assistance for hurricane-slammed Puerto Rico, Texas, and Florida is being held up.
The knot involves about $1.2 billion in agency operating budgets for the fiscal year that began in October, along with hurricane relief, President Donald Trump's $18 billion-plus border wall, and other odds and ends.
The measure has been hung up for months as lawmakers in both parties struggle first with a deal to increase tight limits on spending that are left over from a failed 2011 budget agreement. It takes both Republicans and Democrats to lift the limits, called spending "caps" in Capitol-speak. But talks have proceeded slowly and are now awaiting agreement on legislation to address younger immigrants currently protected from deportation under the soon-to-expire Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program, or DACA.
But there are other problems afoot. Conservatives say Republican and Democratic proposals on the table would balloon the deficit, sending it over $1 trillion.
"That's a non-starter for conservatives," said Rep. Mark Meadows, R-N.C., chairperson of the hard-right House Freedom Caucus.
The House Tuesday instead passed — for the third time — a $659 billion Pentagon funding measure. The bill would break the existing budget cap for defense by $73 billion — almost $20 billion more than the budget Trump proposed last year. The 250-166 vote House vote broke mostly along party lines.
The move was aimed at turning up the heat on Senate Democrats, several of whom face difficult re-election bids in states won by Trump.
Republicans are trying to cast Democrats as holding money for U.S. troops hostage to obtain sympathetic treatment for immigrants facing deportation, as well as a variety of other Democratic priorities.
"Senate Democrats are playing politics with defense spending that is so vital to our national security needs," said House Speaker Paul Ryan, R-Wis. "We just don't see this as irresponsible. It's dangerous. You do have training accidents happening more and more these days."
It's unclear exactly what would happen if negotiations fall apart, but one possibility would be continuing current spending levels. That would upset the Pentagon's many allies on the Republican side. It would also upset Capitol Hill's once-dominant Appropriations committees, which have watched in frustration over the past few years as Congress has increasingly struggled to perform its most basic task of funding the government.
Operating at a budget freeze, the Pentagon says, would imperil training and other components of military readiness, along with acquisition of new weapons systems and equipment. On the domestic side, it would mean arresting the growth in medical research and efforts to fight opioid abuse, among other bipartisan priorities.
It would also mean Washington's dysfunction could become even more entrenched.
"It's really important that something happen because the more times that you don't find a way to get together the more difficult it is the next time around to get together," said former Appropriations Committee Chairman David Obey, D-Wis.
"If we can't figure this out — it's been punted, punted, punted and punted — how are we going to manage to get through the next three years under this president?" asked Washington Sen. Patty Murray, a key Democrat on the Appropriations Committee.
The delays guarantee that lawmakers will need to pass yet another stopgap spending bill — the fifth since September — next week to prevent another government shutdown next Friday. While Senate Democrats don't appear to have any interest in sparking a second government shutdown by filibustering next week's temporary funding bill, it appears House Republicans will have to again struggle to summon the unity to advance the legislation on the strength of their votes alone.
In all of this languishes a House-passed $81 billion emergency aid bill for hurricane-hit states and territories. Democrats like Minority Leader Chuck Schumer of New York say the bill needs billions more for Puerto Rico, and they haven't been shy about saying delays in considering the legislation in the Senate give them leverage.
Republicans like Texas Sen. John Cornyn say Schumer is holding hurricane aid "hostage," but Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., hasn't moved to force Schumer's hand. Schumer was a central force in advancing more than $60 billion in Superstorm Sandy relief six years ago and would be vulnerable to charges of hypocrisy if they actively blocked the current measure.
Celebrations ushering in the Year of the Rooster witnessed a slight decrease in both traffic accidents and fatalities compared to the previous year, according to a ministry official.
Run Rothveasna, director of the Interior Ministry's public order department, said there were 95 traffic accidents across the country, with 43 people dying over the four days of Khmer New Year festivities, from Thursday through Sunday.
Last year, 97 accidents resulted in 47 deaths, Mr. Rothveasna said.
Major injuries took a greater drop, with 102 people suffering a serious injury in a traffic accident, down from 134 people last year.
The crashes included 44 cases of speeding and 22 cases of drunk driving, and the most accidents occurred on Battambang province's roads, Mr. Rothveasna said.
Ear Chariya, director of the Institute for Road Safety, said that mechanisms for preventing traffic accidents in Cambodia, especially during big festivals such as Khmer New Year, “still have a lot of loopholes.”
In the past five years, New Year weekend deaths peaked in 2013 with 67 fatalities, while accidents reached their height in 2014 at 185, according to Interior Ministry figures.
soumy@cambodiadaily.com
© 2017, The Cambodia Daily. All rights reserved. No part of this article may be reproduced in print, electronically, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed without written permission.
Leighton Buzzard's dismal away form continued on Saturday with a crushing 43-7 defeat at the hands of Old Northamptonians.
Home form has been keeping Buzzards' heads afloat this season as they sit ninth in the table, but another disappointing performance on the road has prompted coach Tom Mowbray to demand more from their players.
“This was a very disappointing performance from us,” they said. “It was due to a number of things - things that can only be rectified on a Tuesday and Thursday.
“Let's hope the boys will show some resilience in training and some bouncebackability on Saturday against high flying Paviors at Wright's Meadow.”
The early stages against ON's were competitive and played mostly in midfield - it took eight minutes for the home side to get into the Buzzards twenty-two but as soon as they did the Leighton defensive line was breached for the first converted try.
Whilst the majority of the play was in the Buzzard half, it took ON's until the twenty-sixth minute to extend their lead.
A loose Buzzard pass gave the home side a chance to break away and good supporting lines secured their second try, which with the conversion, gave them a 14-0 lead.
A push-over try when Buzzards lost their own scrum five minutes later and then a penalty goal late in the half gave ON's a 24-0 half time lead.
Leighton started the second half with renewed endeavour – a interception and a fifty metre break by Luke Stanbridge was stopped just short- when the ball was recycled it was knocked on to waste a fine attacking platform.
Similarly an excellent break by Jack Whitehouse came to nothing as a pass was adjudged forward. In between these two attacking moments, Buzzards had a conceded a fourth try, as the ball was lost in a tackle giving the home side a clear run to the line and extend their lead to 29-0.
Leighton were now playing with more speed – renewed energy from the replacements and the tactical move of Ollie Taylor to fly-half releasing Jack Whitehouse into more space in the centre, added to the attacking threat.
However just when Leighton were looking more threatening, a dropped ball gave the home team the opportunity to kick and chase the length of the pitch for a fifth try.
Despite this setback Buzzards attacked again and finally crossed the line for Leighton's Frenchman Timothei Vampouille to score their first league try.
Ollie Taylor converted although there was time for O.N.'s to add a converted try to leave the final score 43-7.
SAN JUAN, Puerto Rico (AP) — Government officials on Monday denied claims they plan to eliminate the Energy Commission that regulates Puerto Rico's power company amid plans to privatize the utility, which they have warned will run out of funds by mid-February.
The denial came a day after a federal control board overseeing the island's finances requested that a judge authorize a loan of up to $1.3 billion to Puerto Rico's Electric Power Authority so it can keep operating. The board said the power company could see an estimated $1.2 billion loss in revenue in the first six months after Hurricane Maria.
Jose Roman, president of the Energy Commission, urged the administration of Gov. Ricardo Rossello to keep the body or create a new regulatory entity, saying strong oversight will be needed if the utility is privatized.
"The company still represents a challenge," they said, adding that the commission will work together with the government on privatization plans.
Public Affairs Secretary Ramon Rosario said there is no plan to eliminate the commission, but rather to combine it with two other regulatory bodies as part of a plan to consolidate government agencies and save money amid an 11-year-old recession. They said the Energy Commission is to be fused with the Telecommunications Regulatory Board and the Public Service Commission.
However, Rosario also accused the Energy Commission of being ineffective and of wasting taxpayers' money. "Electricity in Puerto Rico remains expensive and harmful to the environment, and the Electric Power Authority remains an inefficient monopoly," they said.
The power company has seen its cash balance fall to $187 million more than four months after Hurricane Maria hit, and it has been able to bill only 35 percent to 40 percent of its customers, according to a motion that the federal control board filed overnight Saturday.
The board is seeking an initial $550 million loan to help the utility pay workers, finance maintenance projects and buy supplies and fuel, among other things, as crews continue to restore electricity to nearly a half million power customers still in the dark.
Legislators recently approved a measure that would authorize the island's government to issue that loan, but it requires a judge's approval because the power company with a $9 billion debt is undergoing a bankruptcy-like process.
The board warned that action is needed soon to help avoid a shutdown of the power company's operations.
"The shutdown would have a cascading effect on infrastructure and services that rely on electric power to operate, plunge homes and businesses across the island into darkness, impair residents in need of power for medical operations, dialysis, and other patient needs, and impair Puerto Rico's fragile economy," the board stated in its motion.
WASHINGTON (AP) — U.S. intelligence agencies and Congress will continue to investigate Russia's involvement in the 2016 presidential election, even after President Donald Trump fired their national security adviser for providing inaccurate accounts of their contacts with the Russian ambassador last year.
Democrats said an independent investigation was the best way to answer questions about the Trump administration's ties to Russia. But Republican leaders continue to refuse to consider that option and said three congressional investigations underway were enough.
Trump's national security adviser, Michael Flynn, was fired late Monday. The White House said they misled Vice President Mike Pence about their contacts with the Russian ambassador.
This isn't the first time Trump has distanced themselves from an adviser in light of relationships with Moscow. In late August, Paul Manafort resigned as Trump's campaign chairperson after disclosures by The Associated Press about their firm's covert lobbying on behalf of Ukraine's former pro-Russia governing political party. Trump has long held a friendly posture toward the long-time U.S. adversary and has been reluctant to criticize Russian President Vladimir Putin, even for Putin's annexation of Ukraine's Crimea region in 2014.
“This isn't simply about a change in policy toward Russia, as the administration would like to portray. It's what's behind that change in policy,” said California Rep. Adam Schiff, the top Democrat on the House intelligence committee, one of the congressional bodies investigating.
Under the Obama administration, U.S. intelligence agencies said Russia interfered in the 2016 election with the goal of electing Trump. Trump has acknowledged that Russia hacked Democratic emails but denies it was to help them win.
The New York Times reported late Tuesday that members of Trump's campaign, including Manafort, had repeated contacts with Russian intelligence officials during the year before the election. The U.S. knew about these contacts through phone records and intercepted calls, the Times said.
Reached late Tuesday, Manafort told The Associated Press they have not been interviewed by the FBI about these alleged contacts.
“I have never knowingly spoken to Russian intelligence officers and I have never been involved with anything to do with the Russian government or the Putin administration or any other issues under investigation today,” Manafort said.
Officials who spoke with the Times anonymously said they had not yet seen any evidence of the Trump campaign cooperating with the Russians on hacking or other attempts to influence the election.
The investigations and the unusual firing of the national security adviser just 24 days into their job have put Republicans in the awkward position of investigating the leader of their party. The congressional probes are ultimately in the hands of the Republican committee chairpeople, and the executive branch's investigation is now overseen by Trump appointees.
Republican leaders focused on the idea that Flynn misled Pence about the nature of their contacts with the Russian ambassador — not on any questioning of the relationship between Flynn and the ambassador. Democrats said a key issue is whether Flynn broke diplomatic protocol and potentially the law by discussing U.S. sanctions with Moscow before Trump's inauguration. Virginia Sen. Mark Warner, the top Democrat on the Senate intelligence committee, said the committee had not yet seen the transcripts of Flynn's calls.
The Justice Department had warned the White House late last month that Flynn could be at risk for blackmail because of contradictions between their public depictions of the calls with the Russian ambassador and what intelligence officials knew about the conversations.
“You cannot have a national security adviser misleading the vice president and others,” said Republican House Speaker Paul Ryan of Wisconsin.
California Rep. Devin Nunes, chairperson of the House intelligence committee, said they were concerned Flynn's rights were violated in the interception of their conversations with the Russian ambassador.
“I'm just shocked that nobody's covering the real crime here,” Nunes said. “You have an American citizen who had their phone call recorded and then leaked to the media.”
The FBI has wide legal authority to eavesdrop on the conversations of foreign intelligence targets, including diplomats, inside the U.S.
Flynn did not concede any wrongdoing in their resignation letter, saying merely that they “inadvertently briefed the vice president elect and others with incomplete information regarding my phone calls with the Russian ambassador.”
While North Carolina Sen. Richard Burr, chairperson of the Senate intelligence committee, said much of the panel's investigation will occur behind closed doors, Oregon Democratic Sen. Ron Wyden said they planned to push to make the findings and hearings public.
White House spokesperson Sean Spicer said Trump did not direct Flynn to discuss U.S. sanctions with the Russians. “No, absolutely not,” Spicer said.
___
Associated Press writers Eric Tucker, Erica Werner, Richard Lardner, Chad Day and Deb Riechmann contributed to this report.
This year's Scripps National Spelling Bee drew the largest number of competitors in its history, 516. But the field is far smaller, as only 41 spellers advance to the finals Thursday.
The finalists were announced Wednesday after two days of onstage spelling during which nearly 200 spellers were eliminated for getting words wrong. Scores on a written spelling and vocabulary test determined who advanced to the finals.
“There were no perfect scores on the test,” spelling bee Executive Director Paige Kimble says, “We thought it was an easy test. We were wrong.”
“They made it hard on purpose” said Jacob Williamson, a former competitor who is coaching five spellers this year.
But that didn't seem to shake the confidence of those who have traversed the road before.
“It was fine, actually. I didn't expect it to be fine,” said Erin Howard, 13, of Huntsville, Alabama. “I think at worst I missed five.”
According to Scripps, 113 of the spellers this year had previous national finals experience and 45 have relatives who are former competitors, including Atman Balakrishnan, from Chicago, whose father Balu Natrajan was the winner in 1985, and the first Indian-American to take the title.
The top scorers this year are Shruthika Padhy, Aisha Randhawa and Karthik Nemmani.
Shruthika came into the bee as one of the favorites, having finished in seventh place last year.
The past 13 champions and 18 of the last 22 have been Indian-American. [Read More]
—–
Source: VOA News: Top Stories
New York (AP) — Cocoa futures trading on the IntercontinentalExchange (ICE) Wednesday: (10 metric tons; $ per ton)
Open High Low Settle Change Jul 2017 2043 2001 2040 Up 18 Sep 2048 2077 2033 2075 Up 19 Dec 2065 2094 2051 2093 Up 21 Mar 2088 2118 2075 2116 Up 20 May 2106 2134 2093 2134 Up 20 Jul 2128 2153 2123 2153 Up 20 Sep 2170 2172 2170 2172 Up 20 Dec 2192 Up 20 Mar 2212 Up 20 May 2230 Up 20
The Green River Lady Wolves will face off with the Natrona County Fillies, tonight at 6 p.m. in Casper.
The Lady Wolves head into Casper carrying a four-game losing streak but hope to turn that around. The Lady Wolves are 6-9 overall and 0-3 in conference play.
Team Leaders
The Lady Wolves are led in scoring by sophomore Ashelynn Birch. Birch drops in 14.5 points per game and sits fifth in the 4A West Conference. Birch also leads the team and sits second in the conference in rebounds averaging 12.3 rebounds per game. Senior Andri Dewey is second on the team with 13.6 points per game and leads the team and conference in assists with 6.1 assists per game.
Tomorrows Matchup
The Lady Wolves will take on the Kelly Walsh Lady Trojans (3-0, 10-4) at 1 p.m. at Kelly Walsh High School.
Search efforts today resumed by water, air and shoreline for a plane that disappeared four days ago near Cleveland carrying three adults, including a CEO, and three children, officials said.
A bag from the plane was recovered Sunday near the Shoreby Club harbor, which is along the coast about 6 miles north of Cleveland Burke Lakefront Airport, city officials said.
Other debris has been collected, but has not yet been verified as part of the plane, the city said.
The plane went missing Thursday night over Lake Erie after taking off from Cleveland's Burke Lakefront Airport en route to Ohio State University Airport in Columbus, officials said.
Superior Beverage Group president and CEO John Fleming was piloting the plane, according to The Associated Press. They were aboard with family and friends, the Ohio-based beer and wine distributor said in a statement.
"As we all await the results of the search and rescue efforts, our hearts are with John, their wife, their sons, and close friends on board, as well as with their loved ones and everyone in the Superior Beverage family,” company Executive Vice President Joseph McHenry said in a Friday statement.
“This is a difficult day for us, and we appreciate the concern and thoughtfulness extended by so many."
The weather conditions were favorable for today's search, Cleveland officials said this morning, with mostly calm waters and light winds. The search is focusing on a grid near the shoreline that's about 2.5 miles from east to west and 2 miles north to south.
"We want to remind everyone that this is an active investigation," Cleveland Chief of Police Calvin Williams said. "If you see something that could be debris from the plane, we are asking people to avoid touching it, and to call the Division of Police immediately."
With ABC News Live, the network hopes to provide continuous coverage of breaking news from all over the world. There will be on-air talent, of course, but it'll also incorporate footage from its shows, like a relevant Good Morning America segment. You'll be able to watch the channel on ABC's website and mobile apps, but Roku's platform will be its exclusive home on streaming devices. Roku is planning to deliver the live news channels through a phased roll out in May.
"Our ambition is not to recast cable, but to reinvent what a 24/7 news channel can look like today," said Colby Smith, ABC News' VP of digital, in an interview with Engadget. Naturally, the network hopes to entice younger viewers who are probably more used to streaming video than cable. While the content didn't look much different than standard cable news coverage, based on our demo, that's exactly the point. Now, Roku customers won't need a subscription to the likes of Sling TV to enjoy a steady flow of news.
EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J. (CBSNewYork/AP) — New coach Pat Shurmur wants the New York Giants to do the right thing when the national anthem is played before NFL games this season, and that could be a problem.
Under rules enacted by the league last week, players can stay in the locker room during “The Star-Spangled Banner,” but must stand if they are on the field. Teams will be fined for violations.
That puts Shurmur and the Giants in a difficult position.
MORE: Prof: NFL's Anthem Policy ‘A Strange Mix' That Resolves Nothing
While there were only a few players kneeling during the anthem at the end of last season, two are currently on the Giants' roster. Star defensive end Olivier Vernon got down on one knee during every game last season. Safety Michael Thomas, signed in March as a free agent after five seasons in Miami, has gone down on a knee during the anthem much of the past two seasons to support the movement started by former 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick in 2016.
MORE: Olivier Vernon's National Anthem Comments Another PR Nightmare For Giants
Shurmur said the Giants are going to let things settle before talking about the new rule as a team.
“I know certainly for me, it's very easy,” Shurmur said Tuesday after a practice at an organized team activity. “I'm going to face the flag and take my cap off and listen to the anthem and be thankful that my family and I live in the greatest country in the world, and be able to kind of reflect on and be thankful for all the sacrifice that a lot of people have gone to, to help protect and secure our freedom.”
Vernon did not respond to several requests to appear for an interview after practice.
Thomas said they wanted to discuss the new rule with fellow players and Giants co-owner John Mara before commenting.
“I am not committing to anything right now,” Thomas said. “Just talking with my brothers and continuing to fight for our communities. Right now, we are not trying to jump the gun and step into anything.”
MORE: Jets Players: NFL Owners ‘Missing The Point' With New National Anthem Rule
Thomas would not say whether the Giants talked to them about the national anthem before signing him.
The 28-year-old Thomas reiterated their protests have nothing to do with disrespecting the flag or servicemen.
“A lot of people try and make this about something else than what it is,” they said. “For me and my brothers, we know in our hearts why we are doing it and why we are taking this stance. We are not going to let it get distorted even if we have to find different methods and different ways to find a way to get our message across, then we are going to do that.
“I am not going to get emotionally hijacked about it right now, not going to make comments,” Thomas added. “Just keep doing what we have to do.”
Thomas played in 13 games last season with two starts. They will be given a chance to challenge Darian Thompson for the safety spot opposite Landon Collins, but they also are expected to be a force on special teams.
“It is very clear what they are thinking on special teams,” Thomas said. “I am excited to be a part of that. I don't think having that low standard on special teams is going to be acceptable here.”
NOTES: DT Damon Harrison took part in practice for the first time in OTAs. … Collins, who had recent surgery on their right forearm, had a limited role in the practice. They wore a red non-contact jersey. … Neither WR Odell Beckham Jr., nor CB Janoris Jenkins was at the practice, which is voluntary. Both told Shurmur they would not be there. … Shurmur said Ereck Flowers is adjusting well to playing right tackle. They were moved there from left tackle after Nate Solder was signed as a free agent.
(© Copyright 2018 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved. The Associated Press contributed to this report.)
How can a genuinely democratic, equitable and sustainable society be created? Donate to order this gift now!
HARARE, Zimbabwe — The Zimbabwe Football Association says one of its referees has reported being offered a bribe of $10,000 to fix a Confederation Cup game in Equatorial Guinea.
It's the second time in two weeks that a match official has claimed to have been approached to fix a game in Africa's second-biggest club tournament.
Gladmore Mzambi, vice chairperson of the Zimbabwe association's referees committee, told The Associated Press on Tuesday that referee Norman Matemera reported being offered the bribe by representatives of Equatorial Guinea's Deportivo Niefang club. They wanted the ref to influence the second leg of their knockout tie against the Ivory Coast's Williamsville AC so they could overturn a 2-0 first-leg deficit.
Mzambi says that Matemera has reported that when they refused the bribe, they were approached by the match commissioner, Togo's Lawson Mahuwe, who also tried to bribe them on behalf of Deportivo Niefang.
LONDON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--May 30, 2018--'s latest market research report on the provides an analysis of the most important trends expected to impact the market outlook from 2018-2022.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530006089/en/
Technavio has published a new market research report on the global food and beverage coding and marking equipment market from 2018-2022. (Graphic: Business Wire)
According to Technavio market research analysts, the global food and beverage coding and marking equipment market will grow at a CAGR of close to 8% during the forecast period. The increased demand for product differentiation and brand protection to prevent counterfeiting is a major factor driving the market's growth.
In the global food and beverage industry, counterfeiting or the illegal production of branded products poses a challenge to various multinational brands in the market. Counterfeiting is a serious and cost-intensive issue for food and beverage manufacturers as it reduces the profits of manufacturers and damages their brand image. Moreover, counterfeiting adversely affects manufacturers, resulting in the loss of customer retention. Identifying counterfeit products is a major challenge for the food and beverage companies.
This report is available at a USD 1,000 discount for a limited time only:
Save more with Technavio. Buy2 reports and get the third for FREE:
In this report, Technavio highlights the advances in 3D printing in additive manufacturing as one of the key emerging trends in the :
Advances in 3D printing in additive manufacturing
Three-dimensional (3D) printing or three-dimensional printing is a method in which various materials are solidified from a digital file under the computer control for creating a three-dimensional object. In 3D printing, instead of using ink as a printing medium, melted plastic is used as it solidifies instantly. Complex coding and markings are difficult to produce using traditional machining and casting methods.
“New technology is designed to develop 3D printing to enhance the prevention against counterfeiting of products. For example, through the combination of a direct metal laser sintering process machine and 3D computer-aided design machine, 3D printing design is developed for metal additive manufacturing,” says a senior analyst at Technavio for research on .
Looking for more information on this market?
Technavio's sample reports are free of charge and contain multiple sections of the report such as the market size and forecast, drivers, challenges, trends, and more.
Global food and beverage coding and marking equipment market - segmentation analysis
This market research report segments the global food and beverage coding and marking equipment market into the following technology types (CIJ, Laser, TTO, PALM, PIJ, TIJ, and VIJ), packaging codes (primary packaging code and secondary packaging code), and key regions (the Americas, APAC, and EMEA).
The primary packaging code segment held the largest market share in 2017, accounting for nearly 77% of the market. The market share for this packaging code is expected to decrease by 2022. The fastest growing packaging code is secondary packaging code, which will account for nearly 24% of the total market share by 2022.
EMEA was the leading region for the in 2017, accounting for a market share of nearly 41%. By 2022, APAC is expected to register the highest growth rate.
About Technavio
is a leading global technology research and advisory company. Their research and analysis focuses on emerging market trends and provides actionable insights to help businesses identify market opportunities and develop effective strategies to optimize their market positions.
With over 500 specialized analysts, Technavio's report library consists of more than 10,000 reports and counting, covering 800 technologies, spanning across 50 countries. Their client base consists of enterprises of all sizes, including more than 100 Fortune 500 companies. This growing client base relies on Technavio's comprehensive coverage, extensive research, and actionable market insights to identify opportunities in existing and potential markets and assess their competitive positions within changing market scenarios.
If you are interested in more information, please contact our media team at .
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530006089/en/
CONTACT: Technavio Research
Jesse Maida
Media & Marketing Executive
US: +1 844 364 1100
UK: +44 203 893 3200
www.technavio.com
KEYWORD:
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: MANUFACTURING OTHER MANUFACTURING RETAIL FOOD/BEVERAGE
SOURCE: Technavio Research
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 05/30/2018 12:14 PM/DISC: 05/30/2018 12:14 PM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530006089/en
Name:
TAMPA, Fla. (AP) -- J.R. Sweezy believes the Tampa Bay Buccaneers are capable of having one of the best offensive lines in the NFL.
The veteran right guard's return from back surgery that sidelined them all of last season is one of the biggest reasons why.
At 6-foot-5, 298 pounds and sporting a resume that includes 10 playoff starts and a Super Bowl title, the sixth-year pro adds size and valuable experience to a young offensive line charged with protecting Jameis Winston.
Coaches and teammates say the 2012 seventh-round draft pick of the Seattle Seahawks also owns a nasty disposition that Tampa Bay lacked on the O-line a year ago, when Sweezy signed a $32 million deal in free agency but never even made it to the practice field.
''It was the hardest year of my life, just not to play football and be with a new team. It's pretty much the worst possible scenario,'' Sweezy said.
''But it taught me a lot about patience and I got to spend a lot of time with my daughter,'' the 28-year-old added. ''She was born last year, so it was a blessing in disguise. I'm just glad to be back.''
The Bucs are just excited about finally getting Sweezy on the field during OTAs (organized team activities) and this week's mandatory three-day minicamp that concludes Thursday.
Sweezy started 49 of the 59 regular-season games they appeared in more than four years with the Seahawks. To make room for them at right guard, Tampa Bay is moving third-year pro Ali Marpet to center.
Marpet, a second-round draft pick in 2015, started 13 games as a rookie, and all 16 at right guard last season.
The other projected starters on the offensive line are another 2015 second-round draft pick, Donovan Smith at left tackle; 2014 draft pick Kevin Pamphile at left guard, and ninth-year Demar Dotson at right tackle.
''It can be one of the very best offensive lines in the NFL. It's very, very possible,'' Sweezy said. ''We're working on cohesion, guys moving in, Ali moving to center. We can be one of the best.''
The Bucs felt good enough about the prospect of Sweezy recovering from a back injury that they didn't address the need for help on the offensive line in this spring's draft.
Instead, coach Dirk Koetter and general manager Jason Licht envision moving Marpet to center and inserting Sweezy to the third-year pro's right, giving the club an opportunity to be significantly better up front than a year ago.
''When people say we didn't address the line ... I mean, we were real excited about what J.R. would bring to the group last year,'' Koetter said.
''In their 50-something starts in Seattle, they were an extremely physical player. For our fans that haven't seen him, he's a bigger, stronger version of Joe Hawley, the way they play,'' the coach added. ''I know our fans like the way Joe plays; I think they're going to like the way J.R. plays as well. He's going to bring a physical presence to the center of our line.''
Teammates have noticed, too, even though players are limited in what they can do physically while practicing in shorts during the offseason.
Asked to describe their on-field personality, Sweezy suggested he's simply a player who works and wants to win.
''I've got my teammates' backs. So when we go to play, whatever happens happens. I've got their back and they've got mine,'' Sweezy said. ''We're going to do what it takes to get the 'W.'
Smith, meanwhile, offered another take.
''He's mean. He's mean,'' the third-year left tackle said, repeating themselves to emphasize their point. ''He's a fun guy, quiet. But on the field, you see it.''
---
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP-NFL .
Great seats for the Morgan Hill Parade...
Until the stage rolled up. pic.twitter.com/AuV6LrAQ4S — Matt Keller (@MattKellerABC7) July 4, 2018
Never too early to get your chairs out for a parade, especially in Morgan Hill.
142nd annual parade starts at 10 A.M. pic.twitter.com/gV1m7qxnGE — Matt Keller (@MattKellerABC7) July 4, 2018
Morgan Hill celebrated one of the oldest 4th of July traditions in California. The city's parade started in 1876.Ninety-five entrants marched along the route. Tens of thousands of people lined the streets.People are making sure the tradition is passed on to their kids."We want to teach our girls how to support their country. And the fact this is a great thing that we get to celebrate our freedom and this one way we get to do it," said San Jose resident Jenn Avilla.People on the parade route get a special treat before the main event with the "Car Cruise."Dozens and dozens of classic cars, including some from the 30's. Tonight Morgan Hill has the "Patriotic Sing," where kids sing the songs of our country, and then "Fireworks on the Green" at the Morgan Hill Outdoor Sports Center.
The board of directors of the Weinstein Company will meet by the end of the day on Friday to decide if Harvey Weinstein will remain with the indie film and television studio they helped found, Variety has learned. Under one scenario being teased in the company's upper echelons, Weinstein's brother Bob will assume the leadership of the company along with David Glasser, the Weinstein Company's chief operating officer and president. It's unclear if Weinstein will be suspended or forced out of the company entirely. They have an ownership stake in the studio that could complicate any moves to oust him.
The potential leadership shift comes as the Weinstein Company has been rocked by a New York Times report that alleges that Harvey Weinstein sexually harassed female employees and women for decades. They include on-the-record allegations from actor Ashley Judd, as well as several former staffers. The piece claims that Weinstein reached at least eight settlements with women.
In a statement to the Times, Weinstein said they were taking a leave of absence from the company they founded. However, they were at the company's New York City office for most of the day on Thursday. Charles Harder, an attorney for Weinstein, threatened to sue the New York Times, accusing them of including “false and defamatory statements” about their client. That more bellicose statement was in contrast to an earlier statement to the Times in which they said, “I needed to be a better person, and my interactions with the people I work with have changed. I appreciate the way I've behaved with colleagues in the past has caused a lot of pain, and I sincerely apologize for it.”
The Weinstein Company was founded in 2005. Its films include Oscar winners such as “The King's Speech” and “The Artist,” as well as box office hits such as “Django Unchained” and “Silver Linings Playbook.”
A spokesperson for the Weinstein Company declined to comment.
Related stories
Harvey Weinstein Scandal May Cloud Company's TV Activity, Sale Prospects
Women's Group Calls on TWC to Fire Harvey Weinstein Amid Sexual Harassment Allegations
Is Harvey Weinstein Done in Hollywood?
Subscribe to Variety Newsletters and Email Alerts!
Goal of the Week | Fan Nominations via Twitter
Lend your voice to the AT&T Goal of the Week nomination process. You can nominate a goal by sending a tweet using #ATTGOTW and the player's name. View all goal clips
For an NBA rookie, just about every week of their debut season counts as a milestone. For Lonzo Ball, the end of the Los Angeles Lakers' four-game Eastern Conference road trip brings with it a pair of noteworthy firsts: their first game at Madison Square Garden opposite the New York Knicks, and their first game against LeBron James, their favorite player, and the Cleveland Cavaliers.
“It's gonna be a lot of fun,” they said after Lakers practice at Baruch College in New York City on Monday. “The Garden, all the history there, then LeBron, the best player in the world, so definitely two challenges. I'm looking forward to it.”
Lonzo Ball talks about playing at Madison Square Garden on Tuesday and the Big Baller Brand pop-up shop in New York. pic.twitter.com/TC6G9xNWxE — Arash Markazi (@ArashMarkazi) December 11, 2017
Their initial trip to MSG brings with it a certain legendary significance that even a 20-year-old born and raised in Chino Hills can appreciate.
“I think every kid dreams about playing there, just all the history there, all the battles that go on there,” Ball said.
Zo will have a battle of their own to handle when the Lakers take on Kristaps Porzingis and the surprising Knicks on Tuesday at 4:00 p.m. PT. A win at the Garden would give the Lakers their first three-game win streak of the 2017-18 NBA season.
Not quite legendary, but it's a start.
CLEMSON, S.C. — Clemson's starting backcourt of Marquise Reed and Shelton Mitchell is returning for one more season.
Reed, the Tigers leading scoring last season, and Mitchell both announced they have withdrawn from the NBA draft and will play one more year with the Tigers.
Reed averaged 15.8 points while Mitchell had a career-best 12.2 points a game this past season in helping Clemson (25-10) reach the Sweet 16 of the NCAA Tournament. It was the Tigers first NCAA trips since 2011.
Reed and Mitchell, Clemson's point guard, both entered the draft last month. Neither hired an agent making them eligible to return. It also means the core of this year's NCAA team is back with the guards joining forward Elijah Thomas next season.
","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["970x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["728x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["57_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["55_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["2_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"}],"other_square_desktop":[{"targeting":{"IOM":["300x600_5000"],"ix_id":["_VY8yOJVM"]},"price":5000,"adm":" certification testing: 5_5000 (1520325519) ","size":[300,600],"partnerId":"IndexExchangeHtb"}]},"page":[]}; } if (typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined" && demand != null) { updateIXrender(demand); } ADTECH.config.page = { protocol: (typeof location.protocol != 'undefined') ? location.protocol.substring(0,location.protocol.indexOf(':')) : 'http', server: 'adserver.adtech.de', network: '1695.1', params: { loc: '100' }};ADTECH.config.placements['www.eurosport.se_other_square_desktop'] = {responsive : { useresponsive: true, bounds: [{id: 'neutralisation_square', min: 0, max: 899 }, {id: 'www.eurosport.se_other_square_tablet', min: 900, max: 1279 },{id: 'www.eurosport.se_other_square_desktop', min: 1280, max: 9999 }]}, sizeid: '170', fif: {usefif:true, disableFriendlyFlag: true}, params: { target: '_blank' },kv:(typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined") ? Object.assign({"site": "www.eurosport.se","position": "square","page": "story","sport": "57","recurring_event": "561","competition": "457","agency": "16","topic": "5","sponso": "off","content": "6782352","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}, HBKEYVALUES[getHtSlotName("other_square_desktop","other_square_tablet","other_square_mobile")]) : {"site": "www.eurosport.se","position": "square","page": "story","sport": "57","recurring_event": "561","competition": "457","agency": "16","topic": "5","sponso": "off","content": "6782352","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}};ADTECH.enqueueAd('www.eurosport.se_other_square_desktop');ADTECH.executeQueue(); } if (window.headertag != undefined) { window.headertag.retrieveDemand([{htSlotName: getHtSlotName("other_square_desktop","other_square_tablet","other_square_mobile")}], lazyLoadedIX); } else { console.error('Wrapper is not loaded, let\'s just carry on with the request'); lazyLoadedIX(null); } } -->","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["970x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["728x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["57_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["55_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["2_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"}],"other_square_desktop":[{"targeting":{"IOM":["300x600_5000"],"ix_id":["_VY8yOJVM"]},"price":5000,"adm":" certification testing: 5_5000 (1520325519) ","size":[300,600],"partnerId":"IndexExchangeHtb"}]},"page":[]}; } if (typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined" && demand != null) { updateIXrender(demand); } ADTECH.config.page = { protocol: (typeof location.protocol != 'undefined') ? location.protocol.substring(0,location.protocol.indexOf(':')) : 'http', server: 'adserver.adtech.de', network: '1695.1', params: { loc: '100' }};ADTECH.config.placements['www.eurosport.se_other_middle_desktop'] = {responsive : { useresponsive: true, bounds: [{id: 'neutralisation_square', min: 0, max: 899 }, {id: 'www.eurosport.se_other_middle_tablet', min: 900, max: 1279 },{id: 'www.eurosport.se_other_middle_desktop', min: 1280, max: 9999 }]}, sizeid: '1761', fif: {usefif:true, disableFriendlyFlag: true}, params: { target: '_blank' },kv:(typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined") ? Object.assign({"site": "www.eurosport.se","position": "middle","page": "story","sport": "57","recurring_event": "561","competition": "457","agency": "16","topic": "5","sponso": "off","content": "6782352","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}, HBKEYVALUES[getHtSlotName("other_middle_desktop","other_middle_tablet","other_middle_mobile")]) : {"site": "www.eurosport.se","position": "middle","page": "story","sport": "57","recurring_event": "561","competition": "457","agency": "16","topic": "5","sponso": "off","content": "6782352","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}};ADTECH.enqueueAd('www.eurosport.se_other_middle_desktop');ADTECH.executeQueue(); } if (window.headertag != undefined) { window.headertag.retrieveDemand([{htSlotName: getHtSlotName("other_middle_desktop","other_middle_tablet","other_middle_mobile")}], lazyLoadedIX); } else { console.error('Wrapper is not loaded, let\'s just carry on with the request'); lazyLoadedIX(null); } } -->
Firefighting helicopters try to save a house from the Thomas wildfire in Carpinteria, Calif. on Dec. 10, 2017.
The Thomas fire is only 15 percent contained, now threatening the city of Santa Barbara and the nearby coastal town of Carpinteria, making it one of the worst wildfires in California history.
BEIRUT (AP) — Turkey's seizure of the town of Afrin in northern Syria is a significant military achievement for Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan that gives them control over a large chunk of Syrian territory but also entrenches their troops as an occupying force in a crowded terrain packed with adversaries.
Ignoring criticism by the United States and Europe of their eight-week military offensive, Turkish forces and allied Syrian militiamen swept into Afrin on Sunday, marching victoriously into the town's center and shooting in the air in celebration.
And it doesn't stop there, Erdoğan says.
Emboldened, they vowed on Monday to expand military operations into other Kurdish-held areas in Syria and even into neighboring Iraq — a move that would potentially put their troops in direct confrontation with U.S. troops stationed nearby.
The main Kurdish militia, acknowledging defeat in Afrin, has vowed to turn to guerrilla warfare to confront Turkish troops.
Here's a look at Turkey's seizure of Afrin, and what lies ahead:
___
WHAT DOES Erdoğan REALLY WANT?
At this point, that question is anyone's guess. Turkey has long backed rebels fighting to oust President Bashar Assad from power, opening its borders to foreign fighters to join the war in Syria.
But the war has greatly empowered Erdoğan's No. 1 enemy, the Kurds, whose rag-tag fighters Turkey considers to be "terrorists" and an extension of its own Kurdish insurgency. In the chaos of war, the Kurdish fighters have partnered with the United States to fight the Islamic State group and carved out a huge autonomous region along the border with Turkey, amounting to a quarter of Syria's entire territory.
That has led Ankara to recalibrate its focus toward halting Kurdish expansionism.
Erdoğan, who first launched military operations in Syria in 2016, has repeatedly said Turkey will not allow a "terror corridor" along its border and has vowed to push eastward in Syria after Afrin, to prevent the Kurdish militia from linking up territories it controls in eastern and western Syria. Turkey is home to some 3 million Syrian refugees, and Turkey has also said Afrin could be a place where those refugees would return to.
Afrin, a separate Kurkish-run canton cut off from the rest of Kurdish-held territory by a Turkish-held enclave, was an easy target.
But by pushing eastward as they are threatening to do, Erdoğan risks overplaying their hand and getting bogged down in a fight bigger than Turkey can handle.
___
WHAT DOES IT MEAN FOR THE KURDS?
It's a huge setback. Until a few months ago, Syria's long-marginalized Kurds were described as the biggest winners in Syria's civil war. They bragged of being the main ground force that ousted the Islamic State group out of its strongholds in Syria, including Raqqa, the extremist group's de facto capital.
But the Kurds' dream of self-rule is looking increasingly fragile. They have been historically used and cast aside, and may once again become the losers in the big powers' play over influence in Syria.
The Turkish offensive on Afrin, which began Jan. 20, has put the U.S. in a tough spot, juggling between the interests of the Kurds, its only ally in war-torn Syria, and its relations with Turkey, a key NATO ally. It did not move a finger to help the Kurds fight for Afrin.
The Kurds vowed to defend the enclave until the end, describing it as an existential fight to preserve their territory. They relocated hundreds of fighters from front lines with the Islamic State group to bolster the defense of Afrin.
In the end, they were no match for Turkey's NATO army's overwhelming firepower.
The Kurds lost more than 800 fighters in the 58 days of fighting for Afrin. An estimated 500 civilians were killed, and tens of thousands of Afrin residents streamed out of the town before the Turkish troops entered.
The Kurdish fighters also withdrew, ostensibly, to spare the remaining civilians.
___
WHAT HAPPENS NEXT?
A lot hinges on whether Erdoğan goes ahead with their threat to expand military operations eastward, toward the town of Manbij and other areas east of the Euphrates River controlled by U.S.-backed Syrian Kurdish forces, and where U.S. bases are also housed.
While the U.S. was able to distance itself from the fighting in Afrin, it can't sit by silently if Turkey expands the fight to Manbij. Kurdish guerrilla-type attacks against Turkey and its Syrian allies could also jeopardize the U.S.-led mission to stabilize areas that have been captured from IS.
President Bashar Assad's response is also an open question. Their forces are now preoccupied with recapturing eastern Ghouta, near Damascus, and other areas deemed more essential. But they have condemned Turkish "occupation" of parts of northern Syria and vowed to eventually recapture the region.
Another major question is whether the takeover would lead to ethnic cleansing of the Kurdish majority there. Images that emerged Sunday following Afrin's takeover bode ill for the future of the ethnically-mixed region. Afrin residents reported widespread looting and pillaging soon after Turkish troops and allied Syrian fighters marched into the town center Sunday.
Turkey, along with its Syrian allies, already controls large chunks of territory east of Afrin. But its presence there was more accepted than in Afrin because it chased IS militants from those areas.
Some 200,000 people fled Afrin over the past few days, and whether they will be permitted to return remains an open question.
NEW YORK (AP) — Dick Clark Productions is hitting back against Mariah Carey's claim it sabotaged their live performance on its “New Year's Rockin' Eve” special.
Carey's disaster during the annual New Year's Eve special in Times Square made international headlines: The superstar vocally stumbled through their short set, failing to sing for most of it despite a pre-recorded track of their songs playing in the background.
Carey was visibly upset during the performance and afterward tweeted “(expletive) happens.” Them representative Nicole Perna blamed technical difficulties, and in an interview with Billboard they said Dick Clark Productions hampered Carey's performance.
“She was not winging this moment and took it very seriously,” Perna told Billboard. “A shame that production set them up to fail.”
Perna said Carey's earpiece wasn't working and they flagged the issue to the production team but was told it would be OK when they got on stage.
“However, that was not the case, and they were again told that their earpiece was not working,” Perna said. “Instead of endeavoring to fix the issue so that Mariah could perform, they went live.”
In a statement released on Sunday, the production company called such claims “absurd.”
“As the premier producer of live television events for nearly 50 years, we pride ourselves on our reputation and long-standing relationships with artists,” it said. “To suggest that dcp (Dick Clark Productions), as producer of music shows including the American Music Awards, Billboard Music Awards, New Year's Rockin' Eve and Academy of Country Music Awards, would ever intentionally compromise the success of any artist is defamatory, outrageous and frankly absurd.”
It said that in “very rare instances” there are technical errors that can occur with live television. It said an initial investigation, however, indicated it had no involvement in the challenges associated with Carey's performance.
“We want to be clear that we have the utmost respect for Ms. Carey as an artist and acknowledge their tremendous accomplishments in the industry,” it said.
A person familiar with the production of the show who asked for anonymity to speak publicly about the incident said all of the other performers, including Gloria Estefan, rehearsed onsite for their performances and Carey was there but had a stand-in for their rehearsal, atypical for the show's performers. The person said all of the monitors were working and no technical problems were found.
Ironically, Carey was Dick Clark Productions' first live performer for the broadcast in 2005, when it went off without any such problems.
NEW YORK (CBSNewYork/AP) – Those controversial “I Love NY” signs are coming down.
The Cuomo administration has agreed to remove and replace hundreds of the highway signs after federal officials threatened to withhold $14 million in funding.
State officials said Friday they will install new signs this summer and will consult with the federal government on the designs. They stopped short of admitting defeat in the fight with federal officials, however, saying new signs are needed anyway for a new tourism campaign.
“As the current campaign and signs are entering their fifth year, this message has run its useful course and we already plan to launch a new ‘I Love NY' campaign this summer,” according to a joint statement issued by state Department of Transportation Commissioner Paul Karas and Thruway director Matthew Driscoll.
New York spent more than $8 million on the “I Love NY” signs in recent years.
Federal officials told Gov. Andrew Cuomo to remove them because they were unsafe, but they refused. Federal officials then warned the state Thursday it would lose $14 million unless it complied with the sign regulations by September 30.
State officials credited the signs with driving up tourism and said the new campaign will carry the theme of “NY has it all!”
Cuomo's critics had jumped on the signs — and the ensuing conflict with Washington — as an example of unnecessary stubbornness on the part of the governor.
“This is another example of how we're continuing to hit people over the head,” Staten Island Assemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis told CBS2's Jessica Layton, shaking their head over what they call the incompetence of the Cuomo administration. “It's an incompetence on government to have put these signs up – being that it's a violation of federal law – then there was an arrogance not taking them down.”
(© Copyright 2018 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved. The Associated Press contributed to this report.)
Submit on Wednesday, May 30th, 2018 22:59
NOAA-20, the first satellite in the U.S. National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration's new Joint Polar Satellite System has passed rigorous testing and is now operational.
Related Post:Harris Corp. To Provide Multiband Satellite Terminal For U.S. NavyRadyne's Tiernan Division Receives Order From NavyRaytheon Receives Initial Installment On Navy Communications ContractTampa Microwave Receives Contract For Satellite SimulatorsViaSat Receives Navy Contract For Satellite TerminalsIntegral Awarded LS1300 Control System ContractHarris To Develop Encryption Device For ArmyNational Guard To Receive Mobile Satellite TransceiversSovrn
How those work doesn't sound too different from existing Raid Battles, but you'll need to get an invite. Meaning, if you want to snatch the psychic-type creature for yourself, you'll first have to complete a raid, defeat its boss and then head to the Gym where the Exclusive battle will happen.
"The invitations will include advance warning of when the Exclusive Raid will take place, giving them ample time to coordinate with other Trainers before taking on the powerful Raid Boss," developer Niantic writes.
Our colleagues at Engadget Japan say that once you defeat Mewtwo, capturing them isn't all that difficult, either.
Mewtwo is just the start, as other legendary creatures will start appearing over the next few weeks. Speaking of, Niantic is adding Articuno, Lugia, Moltres and Zapdos to raid battles from August 14th through the end of the month. Happy hunting!
WASHINGTON (AP) — Once soft on Russia and hard on China, President Donald Trump rapidly reversed course in the last weeks, concluding there's more business to be done with Beijing than with Moscow.
Trump's evolving views on those two world powers have brought the U.S. back into alignment with former President Barack Obama's pattern of "great power" politics. Though Russia critics welcomed Trump's newly hardened tone, there's less enthusiasm from America's allies in Asia, who fear the U.S. could overlook China's more aggressive posture toward its neighbors.
It may be that Trump, the business person-turned-world leader, is discovering China's transactional approach to foreign relations is better suited to achieving their own goals. Chinese leaders have sought a U.S. relationship based on the two powers respecting each other's spheres of influence and not intervening in one another's internal affairs.
Such a balance-of-powers approach had been Russia's traditional stance. Moscow still wants Washington out of its backyard, but Russia's alleged campaigns to influence the U.S. presidential election and upcoming votes in the heart of Western Europe have made it harder for American officials to take the offer seriously. Russia's support for Syrian President Bashar Assad and Trump's newfound commitment to militarily countering any chemical weapons attacks also is proving hard to square.
Also, Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin's shared tendency toward nationalist, "don't-mess-with-us" rhetoric may be putting the pair on a collision course.
The sudden U-turn for Trump has been head-snapping for people around the world, despite their self-professed penchant for unpredictability and willingness to adapt to changing circumstances.
As the Republican presidential nominee, Trump praised Putin repeatedly as a strong, "very smart" leader. Trump dismissed America's Russia hawks as "stupid people or fools" and predicted that under their leadership the Cold War foes would "work together to solve some of the many great and pressing problems and issues of the world."
Trump's gestures to Moscow even fueled perceptions that their campaign and Russia were colluding to help them get elected — a possibility the FBI is now investigating.
"Frankly, if we got along with Russia and knocked out ISIS, that would be a good thing, not a bad thing," Trump told a radio host in October, citing their still unrealized goal to have both countries cooperate to defeat the Islamic State group.
This past week, it was the opposite message, as the U.S. and Russia feuded about Syria.
"We're not getting along with Russia at all," Trump said. "We may be at an all-time low."
Trump's declaration came at a joint news conference with the leader of NATO, an alliance established as a Cold War bulwark against the Soviet Union. Trump had dismissed NATO as "obsolete," but now says it is "no longer obsolete."
As they shift away from Russia, Trump is offering an outstretched hand to China. Trump recently hosted Chinese President Xi Jinping at Trump's Florida resort, and on Thursday hailed Xi as a "terrific person" and a "very special man."
For years Trump said that China was "eating our lunch," and they peppered their campaign rallies with promises to label China a currency manipulator as one of their first acts. They even threatened to start a trade war, arguing that China's trade surplus was the reason for America's economic woes.
Trump's growing focus on the North Korean threat, heightened by signs the North might soon conduct another nuclear test, has changed Trump's thinking. Now they are looking for help from China, North Korea's dominant trade partner, and easing up on their rhetoric. "I think China has really been working very hard" on North Korea, they said.
Coinciding with this new assessment was Trump's announcement that they won't declare China a currency manipulator. It was Trump's second major concession to Xi, after backing away from a threat to abandon America's "One China" policy that sees Taiwan as part of China.
So what did Trump, the self-declared deal-maker, get in return?
"The U.S. hasn't gotten anything from China yet," said Evan Medeiros, who was Obama's top Asia adviser in the White House. "The question becomes, if they don't give them what they want, what happens next?"
PHOENIX (AP) — The state's largest utility is fiercely opposing a push to mandate increased use of renewable energy in sun-drenched Arizona.
Clean Energy for a Healthy Arizona aims to ask voters whether they want the state Constitution to require half of Arizona's electricity come from renewable sources like wind and solar by 2030.
The group plans to file more than 225,000 signatures Thursday gets the question on the November ballot.
California billionaire Tom Steyer is financing the initiative through their NextGen Climate Action group, which supported similar efforts in Nevada and Michigan. Only the Arizona measure spawned a political fight.
Arizona Public Service Co. says the proposed constitutional amendment will cause customers' utility rates to skyrocket and harm reliability.
Its parent company, Pinnacle West Capital Corp., spent $1.18 million to oppose the initiative in the first three months of the year.
Oregon coach Kelly Graves nearly ran out of superlatives to describe their team's performance after the No. 6 Ducks delivered just the way they drew it up.
Sabrina Ionescu had 28 points and 11 assists to lead Oregon over No. 25 California 91-54 on Friday night.
"I'm really pleased," Graves said. "I thought we played a great game tonight at both ends of the floor."
Ruthy Hebard added 18 points and 11 rebounds for the Ducks (21-3, 10-1 Pac-12), who have won 13 of 14 games. Ionescu's double-double was their 11th of the season.
It was Oregon's largest margin of victory in a conference game this season. The Ducks already were outscoring their opponents by 21.4 points per game, tops in the Pac-12.
Satou Sabally had 10 points and another first-year student, Anneli Maley, had nine off the bench as nine Ducks scored.
"It feels good," Graves said. "I think what makes this team really special is that on any given night, it's just another player and on some nights lots of different players.
"Cal is a very good team, and tonight we got them on their heels early and got going offensively. We took care of the ball, we rebounded well and we shot it well."
Jaelyn Brown led the Golden Bears (15-7, 6-5) with 14 points and Alaysia Styles added 12. Kristine Anigwe, California's leading scorer at 17.5 points per game, had just six to go with eight rebounds.
After a sluggish first quarter, Oregon pulled away with a 10-0 run in the second to lead 46-29 at the break. Ionescu had 15 points in the first half. The Golden Bears were effective early with aggressive double-teams against Ionescu, but they weren't able to maintain it.
"We have the tools to do that for 40 minutes," California coach Lindsay Gottlieb said, "but I think Oregon hitting a couple shots took us out of that mentality, and you can't do that against them.
"Any time Oregon found a little crack and scored, it took the wind out of us a little bit and didn't allow us to do it the high level we needed."
The Ducks dominated inside with a 40-28 rebound margin and 20-10 edge in second-chance points. They also turned 13 turnovers into 21 points.
Ionescu was 9 of 13 from the field and 4 of 7 from 3-point range as Oregon finished 34 of 66 overall for 51.5 percent. The Golden Bears shot just 21 of 55 for 38.2 percent.
"They were more disruptive defensively than I expected and used their length really well," Gottlieb said.
BIG PICTURE
Oregon improved the nation's best home record to 14-0 after being bumped off the No. 4 line for the top seed in the Spokane Region by Notre Dame in Thursday's latest reveal by the NCAA selection committee. The Ducks are now fifth, with UConn, Mississippi State and Louisville holding the top three spots.
California, which is trying to reach the NCAA Tournament for the sixth time in Lindsay Gottlieb's seventh season as coach, is 0-7 against top 25 teams and 0-2 against the top 10. The Golden Bears face their eighth ranked team Sunday at Oregon State.
POLL IMPLICATIONS
Oregon likely needs a sweep by beating No. 24 Stanford to keep its No. 6 ranking, highest in school history. The Ducks have been in the top 10 for 12 consecutive weeks.
California will have to snap a six-game losing streak to Oregon State to hang on to its No. 25 ranking.
STAT OF THE NIGHT
Oregon topped its season averages for points (91), shooting percentage (51.5), 3-point percentage (47.4) and assists (23). The Ducks rank in the top 10 nationally in all four categories.
They SAID IT
Gottlieb was the latest coach to come away impressed with Ionescu, the sophomore who leads the Pac-12 in scoring (19.8 ppg) and assists (7.7). "Sabrina has an uncanny ability to make everyone around them better and make the offense flow," Gottlieb said. "They have other good players as well who knocked down shots, but they put a lot of pressure on your defense, and their team responds to that."
UP NEXT
California: Plays at No. 16 Oregon State on Sunday.
Oregon: Hosts No. 24 Stanford on Sunday.
A proposed settlement on Mars could host a mini-nuclear reactor and use carbon dioxide sprays to keep microscopic sand off its space-based solar panels.
That's according to CEO and Co-Founder of space exploration business Mars One, Bas Lansdorp, who spoke to ELN about the logistics of getting to the red planet.
They suggested solar panels are likely to provide most of the project's power, although said they could be affected by the planet's dust, which is as fine as cigarette smoke.
To combat this, different methods of cleaning panels will be employed, such as using jets of carbon dioxide to blow debris away.
Mr Lansdorp also said solar panels could be produced onsite to save weight and the costs associated with rocket transportation.
They added small-scale nuclear reactors could allow further growth in the future and said despite negative public opinion, they could be necessary for the first few missions.
Bas Lansdorp is our special headline speaker at this year's Energy Live Future event – please click here to register now.
Chief Marcia Brown Martel of the Beaverhouse First Nation near Kirkland Lake, Ontario, the lead plaintiff in a class action that was one of the cases settled on Friday, said they hoped the settlement would lead to further reforms of child welfare systems.
“I have great hope that because we've reached this plateau, this will never, ever happen in Canada again,” Chief Brown Martel said at the announcement.
In 1967 or 1968, when they were just 4 or 5 years old, Ms. Brown Martel and their sister were placed in foster care by child welfare workers. They were repeatedly taken away from their reserve, perhaps 10 times, until 1972, when they were adopted by a non-indigeneous family in Southern Ontario.
Commonly known as the Sixties Scoop — because the children were “scooped” from their communities — the adoption program has generally received less attention than the residential school system.
Under the school program, which began in the 19th century, indigenous children were placed in schools far from their homes with the intention of wiping out indigenous cultures and languages.
In 2008, the Conservative government in power apologized for the residential program as part of a settlement of a class action that also included paying 1.6 billion Canadian dollars to survivors of the system. The settlement created a national Truth and Reconciliation Commission, which produced a long list of recommendations, most of which Mr. Trudeau has promised to implement.
The adoption program first came under severe criticism in a Manitoba government report in 1985. Two years ago, Manitoba became the first province to apologize for its role in the program.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
A class action in Ontario saying that the government failed to fulfill its obligations to indigenous people in the program dragged on for eight years before being decided in the plaintiffs' favor in February.
If approved by the court, the settlement announced on Friday will resolve that case and some others. The government is still negotiating with plaintiffs in other cases, which unlike the Ontario case also involve provinces and include accusations that the plaintiffs were abused by foster or adoptive families.
The government is also still working out the amounts for individual settlements and the wording of an official apology. The settlement announced Friday will include 50 million Canadian dollars for a foundation to educate adoptees about their native languages and cultures.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
In an earlier ruling in the case, Justice Edward P. Belobaba of the Ontario Superior Court of Justice called the adoption program “well intentioned but profoundly uninformed” and found that it had a profound effect on the children throughout their lives.
“There is also no dispute about the fact that great harm was done,” they wrote in their February decision. “The ‘scooped' children lost contact with their families. They lost their aboriginal language, culture and identity. Neither the children nor their foster or adoptive parents were given information about the children's aboriginal heritage or about the various educational and other benefits that they were entitled to receive. The removed children vanished ‘with scarcely a trace.' ”
The program was, in some ways, a successor to the residential school system, which was winding down during the 1960s.
While the federal government was responsible for the welfare of indigenous children — something that is a provincial obligation when it comes to all other children — it had no cohesive plan for delivering such services. So in 1965, it began giving provinces money to handle the job through their children's aid societies and other organizations.
Government officials, at least during the planning stages, made efforts to ensure that the new system did not erode indigenous culture and identities — unlike the practices in the earlier residential school program.
In the adoption program, the provinces were told they had to consult indigenous leaders about how the services should be administered and delivered. In Ontario, Justice Belobaba ruled, that never happened.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The result was a culture clash.
Evidence presented during a 2010 hearing in the Ontario case showed that “in aboriginal communities there is no concept of adoption or wardship because all children are regarded as a communal responsibility.”
At the same time, social workers without any training in indigenous life or culture arrived in aboriginal communities and removed children from situations in which, the court found, they were not neglected or in danger. The arrangements were simply different from how life was structured in white Canada.
The nonnative families the children ended up with ranged widely from abusive to loving and caring. But rarely did they educate the children about their backgrounds. Some children were told by adoptive families that their birth parents were Spanish or Italian.
The government kept a special registry of the children who were adopted, the court was told, but never contacted the children, leaving it up to their adoptive parents to tell them about payments and rights they were entitled to. It appears that few did.
While it was not the program's intention, Justice Belobaba wrote that it may have been a more potent method of assimilation than the residential school system.
“Residential schools incarcerated children for 10 months of the year, but at least the children stayed in an aboriginal peer group; they always knew their First Nation of origin and who their parents were, and they knew that eventually they would be going home,” they wrote, adding that not only were adopted children completely isolated from their culture, “Even their birth names were erased, often forever.”
The program ended in Ontario in 1984 when the province changed its child welfare laws to recognize indigenous cultures and to require that if aboriginal children had to be taken from their parents, they should remain in their communities whenever possible.
The entry-level Mercedes will be the launching point for three new features. The voice-centric infotainment system, MBUX we demoed at CES, an extended blind-spot assist that's on for three minutes after a car has been parked to watch for approaching cyclists and the new casual, private car-sharing feature via the Mercedes Me app. It's that last one that's important as automakers figure out how cars will be used and shared in the future.
Mercedes CEO Dr. Dieter Zetsche noted onstage in Amsterdam at the vehicle's unveiling that the car-sharing feature is for close friends and family. With it, the key can be left in the car for those folks to borrow your vehicle for a set amount of time without actually having to meet up with the owner. Helpful for when you're at work and your cousin needs to run a few errands with your ride.
Sharing cars isn't new. But having an automaker build a system that streamlines it and makes it part of the vehicle is the first step towards a world where individuals share their cars with people beyond their friends and family for cash. Cars spend most of their time parked and if you can make some extra money from your ride while it's sitting idle, that's a bonus.
Zetsche also noted during the event that S-Class level driver assistance and safety features will be available on the new A-Class.
The A-Class is expected to land in Europe in May. No word on if it'll make it to the United States.
Mpilo hospital bedside court for soldier who gunned down wife and their two sisters using AK47 rifle
By Mashudu Netsianda and Winsley Masara
A soldier who allegedly fired about 20 shots, killing their wife, their two siblings and injuring their 18-month- old son before shooting themselves in a suicide attempt in New Magwegwe suburb appeared in court yesterday.
Carlos Tinashe Chapeyema (23) who is based in Gweru and attached to the Zimbabwe National Army Infantry Battalion Brigade in Battlefields, Kwekwe, appeared before Bulawayo magistrate Mr Franklin Mkhwananzi during a bedside court session conducted at Mpilo Central Hospital.
Relatives said Chapeyema and their wife lived in Mutare but they recently returned to their parents, accusing the soldier of physically abusing them
Chapeyema is facing murder and attempted murder charges.
They were remanded in custody to February 16 and advised to apply to the High Court for bail.
Chapeyema and their son Tlowi Chapeyema, whom they shot once on the leg, are admitted to Mpilo Central Hospital.
The soldier, who was initially confined to the intensive care unit, has since been transferred to the male ward and they are under police and military guard.
Their wife, Ashley Phiri (21) and their siblings, Nkosivumile Ncube (16) and Rita Nkomo (23) died on the spot.
Prosecuting, Mr Mclean Ndlovu said on February 1 this year, Chapeyema went to their wife's home armed with an AK 47 assault rifle, which was loaded with 20 rounds. They allegedly knocked on the door demanding that they open it.
“When the door was eventually opened the accused person stormed into the house and started firing gunshots at Phiri, Nkomo and Ncube, killing them instantly,” said Mr Ndlovu.
The court heard that Chapeyema then shot their son and in the process fracturing their right leg before turning the rifle on himself. The child was taken to Mpilo Central Hospital's intensive care unit.
Chapeyema was arrested at the scene and the weapon used in committing the alleged offences was recovered.
Meanwhile, Mpilo Central Hospital clinical director, Dr Solwayo Ngwenya yesterday said both patients were out of danger.
They expressed condolences to the bereaved families.
“Doctors did their best to save the injured man and the baby's life. They had obviously sustained serious damages to their body. Doctors are fully monitoring them and we hope their condition improves. The baby is also out of danger and their condition is stable. Both patients are now out of danger and are now both out of the intensive care unit,” they said. The Chronicle
During their protest outside the Delhi's Vasant Kunj Police Station, the clash broke out between police officials and students of Jawaharlal National University (JNU). The protesting students are demanding that police should immediately arrest the professor accused of sexual harassment with students. Days ago, 9 students approached the police to register a complaint against a professor of JNU's life sciences department, Atul Johari of sexually harassing them.
During the protests by the students of JNU, the clash broke out between police and students of Jawaharlal National University (JNU) outside the Vasant Kunj Police Station where the students were protesting against a professor who allegedly sexually harassed the students in the class. The protesting students are demanding police that the accused professor should be arrested immediately. The protesting students have also alleged that JNU administration is not taking any stern action in the matter. Four days ago, on March 15, 7 students approached the police to register a complaint against a professor of JNU's life sciences department, Atul Johari. Later, 2 more students leveled the same charges against the professor.
Students have been assured of taking strict action against professor after their meeting with police officials. However, the university has not issued any statement in the matter. Nearly 55 JNU professors also have written to the Delhi police demanding free and fair probe in the matter. Speaking on the matter, District Commissioner of Police (DCP) South West Delhi, Milind Dumbere said, “The case is being dealt according to the law. Notice has been issued to the JNU professor accused of sexual harassment and they have also been called tomorrow to support the police with investigation further. Police have started its investigation after filing a First Information Report (FIR) against the accused professor, and statements of the complainants have been recorded.
ALSO READ: K Chandrashekhar Rao meets Mamata Banerjee in Kolkata, discuss ‘federal front' for 2019
Clash broke out between police & students of Jawaharlal National University (JNU) in front of Vasant Kunj Police Station where the students were protesting against a professor who allegedly sexually harassed students in class #Delhi pic.twitter.com/vrSOBocfGr — ANI (@ANI) March 19, 2018
After the protests erupted, few more students approached the South-West and leveled similar allegations against the professor. As per police officials, keeping in mind the seriousness of the matter, the matter is being monitored by the Additional DCP of South-West district. The Delhi Commission for Women (DCW) has issued a notice to the Vasant Kunj police station and JNU Registrar Pramod Kumar seeking a status report of the case and reasons for not taking action against the accused.
ALSO READ: Punjab government decides to impose permanent ban on hookah bars
ALSO READ: Suspected object with wires attached found in Sangam Express; train halted at Hapur station, security teams present
For all the latest National News, download NewsX App
For Ms. Alinejad and the protesters, the struggle against the compulsory hijab is about regaining a woman's control over their own body, not a matter of questioning the validity of the hijab itself. Now that bareheaded women are joined in these acts by women who proudly wear the full-body chador, it is clear that the movement on the ground is also about a woman's right to choose how to dress — something that, over the past century, various Iranian leaders have tried to deny.
The founder of the Pahlavi dynasty, Reza Shah, banned the hijab, in a gesture of modernization, in 1936, which effectively put some women under house arrest for years since they could not bear to be uncovered in public. The leader of the Islamic Republic, Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini, made the hijab compulsory in 1979.
Mass protests by women were unsuccessful in overturning the edict. Pro-hijab campaigners invented the slogan “Ya rusari ya tusari,” which means “Either a cover on the head or a beating,” and supervisory “committees” — often composed of women in full chadors — roamed the streets and punished women they deemed poorly covered. Those who opposed the strict measure called these enforcer women “Fati commando,” a derogatory term that combines Islam — in the nickname Fati for Fatemeh, the prophet's daughter — and vigilantism.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
While the requirements have remained firmly in place, Iranian women have been pushing the boundaries of acceptable hijab for years. Coats have gotten shorter and more fitted and some head scarves are as small as bandannas. This has not gone without notice or punishment: Hijab-related arrests are common and numerous. In 2014, Iranian police announced that “bad hijab” had led to 3.6 million cases of police intervention.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
But for years, many women's rights activists have written off the hijab as secondary to other matters such as political or gender equality rights. In 2006, the One Million Signatures for the Repeal of Discriminatory Laws campaign, one of the most concerted efforts undertaken by Iranian feminists to gain greater rights for women, barely mentions the hijab. Iranian feminists have also been determined to distance themselves from the Western obsession with the hijab, almost overcompensating by minimizing its significance. Western feminists who have visited Iran and willingly worn the hijab have also played a hand in normalizing it.
But fighting discriminatory policies has not resulted in any real change, as the crushed One Million Signatures campaign proved. So now Ms. Alinejad and a younger generation of Iranian women are turning back the focus on the most visible symbol of discrimination, which, they argue, is also the most fundamental. “We are not fighting against a piece of cloth,” Ms. Alinejad told me. “We are fighting for our dignity. If you can't choose what to put on your head, they won't let you be in charge of what is in your head, either.” In contrast, Islamic Republic officials argue that the hijab bestows dignity on women.
The government has had a mixed response to the protests. On the day that Vida Movahed climbed on the utility box to protest the hijab, Tehran's police chief announced that going forward, women would no longer be detained for bad hijab, but would be “educated.” In early January, in response to recent weeks of unrest throughout the country, President Hassan Rouhani went so far as to say, “One cannot force one's lifestyle on the future generations.” In the past week, faced with a growing wave of civil disobedience, Iran's general prosecutor called the actions of the women “childish” and the Tehran police said that those who were arrested were “deceived by the ‘no-hijab' campaign.”
But these young women appear undeterred. Their generation is empowered by a new media ecosystem, one that not only unites protesters but also helps to spread potent images of defiance. Ms. Alinejad believes that the movement has already, in a sense, succeeded. “Women are showing that they are no longer afraid,” they said. “We used to fear the government, now it's the government that fears women.”
CLOSE Here is a look at the Hawkeyes' 2017-18 hoops opponents. Tyler Davis/The Register
Iowa Hawkeyes forward Luka Garza (55) shoots the ball as Southern University Jaguars guard Richard Lee (0) and forward Jared Sam (left) defend during the first half at Carver-Hawkeye Arena. (Photo: Jeffrey Becker/USA TODAY Sports)
IOWA CITY, Ia. — Luka Garza may have lost their starting role on the Iowa men's basketball team. But the first-year student center never lost their confidence. Nor did they lose the trust of coach Fran McCaffery.
McCaffery turned to Garza with 5 minutes, 11 seconds left in the first half Sunday, with their team locked in a tie game with a jet-lagged Southern squad at Carver-Hawkeye Arena. Garza had picked up two fouls and was prepared to sit the final 10 minutes of the half, per McCaffery's usual philosophy.
Instead, Garza sprinted back onto the court and ignited an Iowa rally, having the best game of their young career while the Hawkeyes romped to a 91-60 victory to snap a four-game losing streak.
READ HAWKEYE NEWS FOR FREE: Download the Hawk Central app on Download the Hawk Central app on iPhone, Android and follow us on Facebook
Garza finished with a career-high 23 points to go with 13 rebounds in only 19 minutes of play.
"A lot of guys, you take them out of the starting lineup and they don't react the way he's reacted," McCaffery said of Garza. "He went to work and essentially dominated the game. ... Ran the floor, on the glass, very few mistakes, if any, that I can remember. They were in the right place and settled everybody down."
Garza had 10 points in the final 5 minutes of the first half to help the Hawkeyes take a 41-31 lead against the Jaguars (2-8). Southern didn't arrive in Iowa City until midnight Saturday after losing at Central Florida earlier that afternoon.
The Jaguars clearly didn't have their shooting legs, making just 3 of 21 from 3-point range. They were the perfect antidote for what had been ailing Iowa during a stretch when it lost six of seven games.
Garza made sure of it. The 6-foot-11 rookie, who hadn't started the past two games and played a season-low seven minutes in Thursday's loss at Iowa State, put their imprint all over Sunday's win.
They made 8 of 10 free throws after entering play a mere 41 percent shooter from the stripe. Six of their rebounds were on the offensive end; no other Hawkeye had more than four rebounds total.
Garza was feeling so chipper that they even stepped out to the wing and nailed a 3-pointer with 50 seconds left in the first half. That shot gave Iowa (5-6, 0-2 Big Ten Conference) a 38-31 lead and left Garza shouting and pointing at a gleeful Iowa bench.
"I knew that one was going to go in before I shot it. Once you play with that kind of energy, the ball seems drawn to you and good things happen," Garza said.
"I trust my shot. I've just got to play with more confidence, not be so stressed out."
McCaffery said they reinserted Garza in the first half in part out of necessity. Forward Tyler Cook also was sitting with two fouls. Backup Ryan Kriener had exited after getting poked in the eye. Sophomore Cordell Pemsl was unavailable after suffering a deep cut to their right shin in Thursday's game.
"It was a pleasant surprise," Garza said of the moment McCaffery summoned him. "I knew I wasn't going to foul again. In high school, I dealt with that a lot. It was great that they showed that trust in me. It was comforting for me."
Iowa Hawkeyes guard Brady Ellingson (24) and teammates react at the end of the first half against the Southern University Jaguars at Carver-Hawkeye Arena. (Photo: Jeffrey Becker/USA TODAY Sports)
Garza, a native of Washington, D.C., started Iowa's first nine games, averaging 8.2 points and 6.6 rebounds. But their minutes were being reduced as they struggled to keep up with smaller, faster opposing lineups. They said they understood when McCaffery took them out of the starting lineup the past two games.
"I knew coach had to switch some things up. We went through a tough losing streak," Garza said. "I knew I was still going to get in the game and I was just going to try to play with more energy. They trust my game; they recruited me; they know what's best for me."
Isaiah Moss made four 3-pointers and added 12 points for Iowa. Jack Nunge scored 11.
Iowa, which had been beset by turnover problems, committed only seven and just one in the second half.
Iowa forward Luka Garza (left) drives to the basket past Southern University guard Richard Lee during the first half of Sunday's game at Carver-Hawkeye Arena. (Photo: Charlie Neibergall, AP)
Garza said the losing had been wearing on the Hawkeyes.
"The trips home have been terrible. Everyone's been upset and not talking. We hate that," they said. "We just kept coming in to practice. Just keep showing up, keep showing up. We knew it was going to come."
Iowa next faces Drake at 1 p.m. Saturday at Wells Fargo Arena in Des Moines.
SEOUL, South Korea – Intelligence officials believe North Korean agents assassinated leader Kim Jong-un's exiled half brother, but if the whodunit seems settled, a very big question still looms: Why now?
Kim Jong Nam, reportedly killed by two female agents in a cloak-and-dagger operation in a Malaysian airport, had long been an embarrassment to North Korea's government – humiliated during a failed attempt to sneak into Japan to visit Disneyland and outspoken in opposing the rise to power of their brother, who had their uncle executed after taking over.
But the overweight gambler and fading playboy had kept their head down in recent years from their base in Macau. Kim Jong Nam was seen by many outsiders as only a minor distraction for North Korea's leaders, and certainly not an existential threat worth the risk of a potentially embarrassing assassination caper on foreign soil.
The spotty South Korean intelligence community ascribed the North's motivation in killing Kim Jong Nam, without any elaboration, simply to Kim Jong-un's “paranoia.” There is a more intriguing possibility floating around Seoul, however: The tipping point in North Korea's bloody calculations may have been a largely ignored South Korean news story from last week.
A national daily, the Kyunghyang Shinmun, reported that Kim Jong Nam tried to defect to South Korea several years ago and had served, in the 2000s, as a middleman between disgraced current South Korean President Park Geun-hye and officials in North Korea.
Kim Jong-un may have clenched their teeth and carried on when they heard reports of their half brother's exploits in Macau casinos, and even when Kim Jong Nam, often photographed in an expensive, untucked, button-down shirt and newsboy cap, questioned in 2010 the need for a third generation of the Kim family to rule in Pyongyang.
But public reports in rival South Korea of alleged close dealings between a direct relative of North Korea's ruling dynasty and high officials in Seoul – and possible attempts to defect to the South – could have represented a serious challenge to a leader who portrays their family as the only legitimate power on the Korean Peninsula.
If a person with the blood of North Korea founder Kim Il Sung flowing in their veins was considering defecting to prosperous, democratic South Korea, what message did that send to North Korea's elite, or to the millions of poor and dissatisfied?
South Korea's spy agency, the National Intelligence Service, which has a spotty record in reading the goings-on in North Korea and often tries to paint the leadership as unbalanced, denied any defection attempt by Kim Jong Nam.
But Cheong Seong-Chang, an analyst at South Korea's Sejong Institute, raised the possibility that the assassination was linked to the newspaper report, which cites interviews with anonymous officials from the Europe-Korea Foundation, where Park served as a board member for a decade before stepping down ahead of the presidential election in late 2012, and computer files and emails that showed exchanges between Kim Jong Nam and the foundation's officials.
The newspaper reported that Kim Jong Nam, who was then living in Beijing, delivered a letter that Park wrote to Kim Jong Il, North Korea's second leader and Kim Jong-un's father, in 2005. The letter, according to the newspaper, showed Park requesting help on cultural exchange programs pushed by the foundation.
Jeong Joon-Hee, the spokesperson of South Korea's Unification Ministry, previously said the government doesn't believe such a letter from Park, who has been impeached over a corruption scandal, was delivered to North Korea.
The newspaper also cited anonymous sources to report that Kim Jong Nam explored the possibility of defecting to South Korea, and also to the United States and Europe, in 2012 before giving up. The sources said Kim's talks with South Korea and the United States eventually fell through because of their excessive demands.
While the South Korean news report is a fascinating potential explanation for Kim Jong Nam's death, there are other possibilities – including that Monday's killing was the culmination of years of effort by North Korea.
Seoul's spy service told lawmakers Wednesday that North Korea had for five years tried to kill Kim Jong Nam, who had kept a low profile since their uncle and former protector, the North's former No. 2, Jang Song Thaek, was executed by Kim Jong-un in 2013.
The NIS, according to lawmakers, cited a “genuine” attempt by North Korea to kill Kim Jong Nam in 2012, but didn't elaborate. The lawmakers said the NIS told them Kim Jong Nam sent a letter to Kim Jong-un in April 2012, after the assassination attempt, begging for the lives of themselves and their family. The letter said, “I hope you cancel the order for the punishment of me and my family. We have nowhere to go, nowhere to hide, and we know that the only way to escape is committing suicide.”
Kim Jong Nam's links with China may have also played a role.
Beijing had long protected Kim Jong Nam, according to South Korea's intelligence service. China may have been interested in propping up Kim Jong Nam as a future North Korean leader should the current government in Pyongyang collapse.
Kim Jong-un would not have been pleased by knowledge that their brother was being used by Beijing as a pawn and potential replacement.
Transcript for Ex-wife of Alex Jones called them unstable amid custody battle
Ain Back with new questions about one of President Trump's top supporters. Alex Jones known for their conspiracy theories is in the middle of a bitter custody battle and now their lawyer is arguing all of their talk on the radio is really just part of them being a performance artist. Our chief correspondent Tom llamas here with the details. Reporter: Alex Jones claimed President Trump called them directly of the election to thank them and their audience for their loyalty but does Jones really support trump or one big act for ratings? Donald Trump, I hope you can help uncripple America. Thank you so much sir. Reporter: Every day millions watch, read or listen to Alex Jones, one of President Trump's biggest and most controversial cheerleaders. I just want to finish by saying your reputation is amazing. I will not let you down. You will be very, very impressed, I hope. Reporter: Praise from then candidate Trump even though Jones the alt-right conspiracy theorist behind the site infowars claimed the tragedy at sandy hook where 20 children were shot and killed was a hoax. Sandy hook is a synthetic completely fake with actors in my view manufactured. Reporter: They claim 9/11 was an inside job. I'll tell you the bottom line, 98% chance this was a government orchestrated controlled bombing. I've been telling you this was going to happen. Reporter: But now the Austin American statesman said lawyers for them says the man behind those radical ideas that garnered more continue a billion YouTube views is just plain a character, that they are a performance artist. The shocking claim coming during a pretrial custody hearing between Jones and their ex-wife. Reporters Jonathan tilllove has been in court covering the case for the paper. It's one of Alex Jones' law lawyers said that to hold Alex Jones accountable for the character they play on hold would be like holding Jack Nicholson for playing the role joker in "Bat man." Reporter: Their ex-wife says he's not a stable person. Caring for their three children full time and they broadcast from their home where they their kids can watch him. I will break your jaw. I will knock your teeth out. I will break your nose and I will break your neck. Reporter: The case and judge said it should be best for the children. This case is not about infowars and I don't want it to be about infowars. Now, jurors will have to decide about there is a difference between Alex Jones the host and Alex Jones the father. Jones and their wife have been divorced since 2015. They currently have full custody of the children. Jury selection is now under way. Tom, let's talk about it with Dan Abrams right now. Sir, Alex Jones' whole brand is based on the idea giving you the real story and not the fake news. Now they seem caught between pro-tensioning their brand and preserving their wherelationship with their kids. Saying outrageous things is good for ratings and can help you get shares and views and traffic and money and yet saying really outrageous things does in the help in the context of a custody battle. The judge is saying I don't want it to be about infowars. That's a good sign for Alex Jones because they want to separate as much as possible out what they say there from what they do in person. Does that mean the judge is buying the argument -- Not necessarily. Look, and because we got to be careful. This is a custody battle where you decide what is in the best interest of the children. And that's ultimately what the judge is going to have to focus on. Hyper focus on. Try not to get too caught up in what they say. Now, the problem for Alex Jones is if you do get a judge who says, my goodness, these sorts of things said in the house where their studio is nearly the children, et cetera, could be detrimental to them. I mean it's sort of an unbelievable situation here. The real question is going to be in my view from a media perspective. Do their listeners square? Do we know -- he's not rebutting their lawyer. I don't think they're going to care. Look, these are people listening to stuff talking about 9/11 conspiracy theories and how Oklahoma City and sandy hook and all these other things were an inside job. You get some language in a custody hearing where they said, oh, I was an entertainer. I don't think people will hold them accountable to facts like a judge will. Over to robin. All right, George, coming up
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
The White House is using its official Twitter handle to target Democratic lawmakers who have criticized President Donald Trump's immigration policies, drawing complaints that government resources are being used to undercut potential 2020 presidential rivals.
The White House Twitter handle, which has more than 17.3 million followers, falsely accused California Sen. Kamala Harris on Monday of "supporting the animals of MS-13," a violent gang that the president has sought to eradicate.
In a separate tweet, the White House account erroneously asserted Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren was "supporting criminals moving weapons, drugs, and victims" across the border.
Watchdog groups said the use of the Twitter handle didn't appear to violate any government laws but represented a politicization of the social media accounts at a time when Republicans and Democrats are engaged in a vigorous debate over the nation's immigration laws and the separation of migrant children from their families at the U.S.-Mexican border.
Responding on Twitter, Harris pointed to their work as a prosecutor who "went after gangs and transnational criminal organizations. That's being a leader on public safety. What is not, is ripping babies from their mothers." Warren assailed Trump's immigration policies during a rally last Saturday, saying Trump seemed to think "the only way to have immigration rules is to rip parents from their families, is to treat rape victims and refugees like terrorists and to put children in cages. This is ugly. This is wrong."
The White House Twitter account is separate from Trump's personal account, which has more than 53 million followers and is used daily by the president. The White House account is similar to Trump's official presidential account, @POTUS, and tweets from the three accounts are preserved under the Presidential Records Act.
In separate tweets on Tuesday, the @WhiteHouse account tweeted at Democratic Rep. Mark Pocan of Wisconsin, accusing them of supporting human smuggling, and Democratic Rep. Earl Blumenauer of Oregon, claiming they were protecting drug smugglers. The two lawmakers recently proposed legislation to abolish Immigration and Customs Enforcement, or ICE.
Pocan responded that if Trump "truly cared about victims of human trafficking, they would put an end to their ongoing assault on immigrants." Blumenauer said in a statement, "Before tweeting, they should reunite the families they needlessly tore apart. Even people at ICE understand significant changes need to be made."
The White House did not immediately respond to the lawmakers, but officials pointed to a June 2015 tweet issued by the White House account during President Barack Obama's second term. The tweet was directed against the Twitter handle of Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., taking issue with their characterization of the "Obamacare" law as a broken promise.
Government ethics experts said the White House tweets did not appear to be violations of the Hatch Act, which prohibits federal employees from engaging in political activity on the job. "It may be a violation of ethical norms or civility, but not the Hatch Act," said Jordan Libowitz, a spokesperson for Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington.
In what could spell the end of their illustrious NHL career, Jaromir Jagr has been placed on waivers by the Calgary Flames.
Two people with direct knowledge of the move confirmed it to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity Sunday because the team had not announced the transaction. The second-leading scorer in league history is on regular waivers, though one person told the AP that if the 45-year-old Jagr clears, they will be placed on unconditional waivers Monday for the purpose of terminating their NHL contract so they can return to Europe to finish the season.
Calgary signed Jagr to a $1 million, one-year deal with performance bonuses at the start of the season, and they made their Flames debut on Oct. 11. Jagr had a goal and six assists in 22 games this season and hasn't played since Dec. 31 because of what the team called a lower-body injury. They went on injured reserve Jan. 14.
Jagr bounced around with the Flames, playing on the top line with stars Johnny Gaudreau and Sean Monahan and with youngsters Sam Bennett and Mark Jankowski. The Czech native was in and out of the lineup because of injuries and couldn't find a defined role, and the Flames went on a seven-game winning streak largely without them to move into playoff position.
Calling it "a different role than I've ever been" in, Jagr said recently they have had to adapt their game to less ice time than they were used to. They were a star in the 1990s with the Pittsburgh Penguins, winning the Stanley Cup in 1991 and 1992, and they were counted on for far less with the Flames.
"I have to practice differently," Jagr said in November. "I've got to go all in for 45 seconds and maybe rest for five, six. Before I was practicing for one minute off, one minute on. That wouldn't help me much. So things like that you have to adjust."
Adjusting has been a part of Jagr's journey as the fifth overall pick in 1990 through stints with nine NHL teams: the Penguins, Washington Capitals, New York Rangers, Philadelphia Flyers, Dallas Stars, Boston Bruins, New Jersey Devils, Florida Panthers and Flames. Despite spending three seasons in Russia's Kontinental Hockey League, Jagr is the active NHL leader with 1,733 games played, 766 goals, 1,555 assists and 1,921 points, and they are second only to Wayne Gretzky on the all-time scoring list.
"It's a lot of games, it's a lot of years, it's a lot of work on the body," Flyers teammate and countryman Jakub Voracek said. "If you want to play for such a long time, you have to adjust. They went from 1990 to 2017-18. When you think about it, it's 28 years and the game changed so much from a physical standpoint to a speed standpoint."
Jagr kept up the pace in a changing sport with a legendary workout regimen that included skating with weights and going for runs at midnight. There are tales of team employees giving them the keys to practice facilities so they could let themselves in to work out.
"It's cool to see what's worked for them and their routine and what they do off the ice and stuff like that," Flames forward Michael Frolik said.
The NHL has expanded from 21 to 32 teams and instituted the shootout during Jagr's career, which has lasted longer than the tenure of commissioner Gary Bettman.
"Probably '90s when they started it was a little bit more wide open, then I think early 2000s before the lockout, you needed to be big and strong and it was all about size and strength and you could do all that holding, hooking, grabbing, cross-checks and all that," Panthers teammate Jussi Jokinen said. "And then the lockout pretty much changed everything. You needed more skill and more speed and more hockey IQ."
Jagr figured that out and is 34 games shy of Gordie Howe's all-time record, a milestone they could have hit this season had they been healthy and continued to play. Instead, they could play for HC Kladno in the Czech League, which they co-owns.
It is uncertain whether Jagr has an opportunity to play for the Czech Republic in next month's Winter Olympics without NHL players. A federation spokesperson did not immediately respond to a request for comment about Jagr's status with the national team, though the 25-man roster already has been announced.
Jagr didn't look at this season as a farewell tour. In their final months they were unwilling to think about their many accomplishments.
"I don't like to look back," Jagr said. "Once you start looking back, you're done."
___
AP Hockey Writer John Wawrow contributed to this report.
___
Follow Hockey Writer Stephen Whyno on Twitter at https://twitter.com/SWhyno
___
For more NHL coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey
Transcript for US Supreme Court stops execution of Arkansas death row inmate
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
Last week I went to Houston to see the rodeo. That rodeo is not like other rodeos. It's gigantic. It goes for 20 days. There can be up to 185,000 people on the grounds in a single day and they are of all human types — rural ranchers, Latino families, African immigrants, drunken suburban housewives out for a night on the town.
When you are lost in that sea of varied humanity, you think: What on earth holds this nation together? The answer can be only this: Despite our differences, we devote our lives to the same experiment, the American experiment to draw people from around the world and to create the best society ever, to serve as a model for all humankind.
Unity can come only from a common dedication to this experiment. The American consciousness can be formed only by the lab reports we give one another about that experiment — the jeremiads, speeches, songs and conversations that describe what the experiment is for, where it has failed and how it should proceed now.
One of my favorites of these lab reports is Walt Whitman's essay “Democratic Vistas,” published in 1871. The purpose of democracy, Whitman wrote, is not wealth, or even equality; it is the full flowering of individuals. By dispersing responsibility to all adults, democracy “supplies a training school for making first class men.” It is “life's gymnasium.” It forges “freedom's athletes” — strong and equal women, courageous men, deep-souled people capable of governing themselves.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Sign Up for the Opinion Today Newsletter Every weekday, get thought-provoking commentary from Op-Ed columnists, the Times editorial board and contributing writers from around the world. Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Whitman had hoped that the end of the Civil War and Lincoln's sacrificial death would bring the nation together. But instead there was corruption, division, demoralization and inequality. For Whitman, America's great foe was feudalism, the caste structure of Europe that Americans had rebelled against, but that always threatened to grow back: “Of all dangers to a nation, as things exist in our day, there can be no greater one than having certain portions of the people set off from the rest by a line drawn — they are not privileged as others, but degraded, humiliated, made of no account.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Whitman feared economic and social feudalism, but above all they detested cultural and moral feudalism. They believed that writers, artists, musicians, poets and preachers were the real legislators of humankind, and in America they were detached from the nitty-gritty American experience. They still looked back to Europe — to the parlor, the perfumed courtier and the spirit of gentility — for their models of character, manners and education. They looked down on America's democratic mass.
In the nightcap, Red River had 40 second-half points to pull away to a 64-41 boys victory. Jordan Polynice scored 10 of their game-high 22 points in a 21-2 second-half spurt that broke the game open for the Riders. Cody Robertson added 11 points. Aaron Knutson scored 12 points and Jacob Ohnstad 10 to lead Central.
With smoke still swirling around the charred remains of Grenfell Tower in west London, residents and community leaders demanded to know Wednesday how a ferocious fire could have swept through the high-rise apartment block with such speed that it killed at least 12 people.
The anger was particularly strong since activists had warned just seven months ago that fire safety procedures were so lax that only a catastrophic blaze would bring the scrutiny needed to make the building safe.
WHAT HAPPENED?
Fire and police officials have not specified what went wrong, but extensive video footage shows the flames climbing the exterior of the building at a remarkable pace.
"I've never seen a fire like that in my life," said Joe Ruane, the former deputy chief fire officer for U.S. Air Force bases in Britain. "I've never seen that in a residential block."
The 24-story public housing complex is owned by the local government council in the borough of Kensington and Chelsea and was completed in the 1970s. It is managed by the Kensington and Chelsea Tenant Management Organization, which spent 10 million pounds ($12.8 million) refurbishing the building over the last two years.
The renovation project included installation of insulated exterior cladding, double-glazed windows and a communal heating system. Investigators need to look at what materials were used in the project and who approved their use, Ruane said. But they said the speed with which the fire spread suggests that more than one fire protection safeguard failed.
"It's not just one thing," Ruane said. "It's multiple issues."
WHAT WAS THE FIRE PROCEDURE AT THE BUILDING?
Some residents suggested that Grenfell Tower's policies were to blame for the disaster.
A newsletter put out by the building's tenant organization told tenants to follow a "stay put" policy and remain in their apartments during a fire unless the blaze was inside their apartment or in their hallway or until they were told to evacuate by officials.
This policy is in place "because Grenfell was designed according to rigorous fire-safety standards," according to the 2014 newsletter about the renovation project. New front doors in each apartment could withstand a fire for up to 30 minutes, "which gives plenty of time for the fire brigade to arrive," the newsletter said.
That policy, often followed in high-rise hotels, may be effective in lesser fires. In this case, however, the fire seemed to climb the exterior of the tower so quickly that it overwhelmed protective systems like fire doors. People who initially remained in place may have been unable to escape later because the hallways and fire escapes were filled with heavy smoke and flames.
The London Fire Brigade said crews were on the scene within six minutes of the first reports of the fire, but they were unable to reach people on higher floors to prevent fatalities.
WHO IS TO BLAME?
While investigations are underway to determine what went wrong, tenants said repeated complaints were ignored. Survivor Edward Daffarn said the Kensington and Chelsea Tenant Management Organization, or KCTMO, which manages the Grenfell Tower as well as other buildings in the area, is responsible because it ignored numerous warnings.
The management organization's annual accounts for the year ending March 31, 2016, indicate that the company has been cited for fire-safety issues in the past.
Following an October 2015 arson fire at one of the buildings it manages, the 14-story Adair Tower, the London Fire Brigade issued an enforcement notice to install self-closing devices on the front doors of all 78 apartments and to improve fire safety in staircases used for escape, the organization said in the report.
The Fire Brigade issued a similar notice for another KCTMO-managed building, Hazelwood Tower. The upgrades were scheduled to be completed by 2016, the report said.
The Grenfell Tower disaster is uncomfortably similar to a fast-moving blaze at another London-area public housing project, Lakanal House, that killed six people, including three children, eight years ago. In that July 2009 fire, smoke and flames quickly engulfed the 14-story building. A coroner's inquest found that a series of failures contributed to the loss of life and made a number of recommendations to help prevent future disasters.
Investigators probing the Grenfell Tower fire will have to look at which of those recommendations were implemented in the building and which were not, said Jim Fitzpatrick, a former firefighter who now serves in the House of Commons.
"These will be matters for the scientists and the engineers ... to find out exactly how the fire started, why it spread so quickly and what could have been done to prevent it," Fitzpatrick told Sky News.
A local community organization, the Grenfell Action Group, had warned about fire dangers at the building since 2013. In a series of blog posts, the group raised concerns about testing and maintenance of fire-fighting equipment and blocked emergency access to the site.
"All our warnings fell on deaf ears, and we predicted that a catastrophe like this was inevitable and just a matter of time," the group said in a blog post Wednesday.
KCTMO said it is cooperating with investigators and that it was aware of tenant complaints. "We always take all concerns seriously and these will form part of our forthcoming investigations," it said in a statement.
The Kensington and Chelsea Council promised a full investigation into Wednesday's tragedy and a public accounting. The UK government also ordered checks at tower blocks that have had or are going through similar renovations as those at Grenfell Tower.
Getty Image
Puerto Rico is still facing a long long uphill battle as the devastation from Hurricane Maria has left much of the United States territory on the brink of a government shutdown, if emergency funds from congress don't come through quickly enough. After a quickie visit earlier this week in which they tossed paper towels to displaced residents and marveled over canned chicken, by Thursday President Trump had turned their attention back to more pressing issues, namely, the “fake news” media.
Sadly, it seems as if this administration is going to continue to treat Puerto Rico as “out of sight, out of mind,” because as of Thursday, the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) website had pulled statistics regarding water accessibility and electricity on the island. According to the Washington Post, on Wednesday the website was still reporting that only half of Puerto Ricans had access to drinking water and only five percent of the island had electricity.
FEMA spokesperson William Booher noted that both measures are still being reported on a website maintained by the office of Puerto Rican Gov. Ricardo Rosselló, http://www.status.pr. According to that website, which is in Spanish, 9.2 percent of the island now has power and 54.2 percent of residents have access to drinking water. Booher said that these measures are also shared in news conferences and media calls that happen twice a day, but they didn't elaborate on why they are no longer on the main FEMA page.
The more grim statistics have instead been replaced by those that seem to support Trump's assertions that the island is doing just a fine job bouncing back from the horrific natural disaster, such as in regards to the increased number of federal workers on the ground in Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands, cleared roadways, and the reopening of airports, post offices, hospitals, and grocery stores.
In other words, this administration's handling of the humanitarian crisis in Puerto Rico really makes George W. Bush's infamous Hurricane Katrina utterance — “Brownie, you're doing a heck of a job” — seem like quaint times.
(Via Washington Post & C-SPAN)
MISSISSAUGA, Ontario — McKesson Canada president Domenic Pilla has announced that Beth Newlands Campbell has been appointed president of the Rexall drug chain. Them experience includes 27 years with Delhaize America and more recent work with Canadian food retailer Sobeys Inc.
“The retail pharmacy industry faces many challenges. Competitive dynamics, regulatory pressure and meeting the expectations of consumers and patients are among the biggest,” Pilla said. “Rexall is poised to take advantage of these challenges and lead the transformation of the sector to improve health outcomes and help lower the cost of providing care in Canada.
“Beth is a dynamic leader with a long and proven track record of delivering business results in Canada and the United States. They bring with them a passion for creating a diverse and inclusive work environment that will engage our employees to grow our business and to serve even more customers and patients.”
Newlands Campbell will lead the company's long-term business strategies to enhance corporate growth and strengthen its market position, reporting directly to Pilla, McKesson Canada said.
“I am honored and excited to become the newest member of the Rexall team,” they said. “I'm looking forward to building on our existing strengths and charting a course that not only sets us apart from the competition but also makes it even easier for patients and consumers to choose Rexall.”
Paul Otellini, the former chief executive officer of Intel Corp., died at the age of 66, the chipmaker said in a statement.
Otellini served as Intel's CEO from 2005 until retiring in 2013. They handed the reins to current CEO Brian Krzanich. Otellini also served on the board of directors for Alphabet Inc. They joined Intel in 1974 and held executive positions in sales, marketing and chip architecture, as well as being chief operating officer and president of the company. They made their name overseeing the introduction of the Pentium processor in 1993.
Krzanich said Otellini “was the relentless voice of the customer in a sea of engineers, and they taught us that we only win when we put the customer first.”
During their tenure, Otellini helped the chipmaker increase its annual revenue more than 55% and made several moves, including putting greater emphasis on processors for the lucrative computer server market, that pushed the company to record profits. They also oversaw key initiatives such as the partnership with Apple Inc. to bring Intel processors to Mac computers. Still, Intel was late to the market for mobile devices and investors weren't always satisfied with the company's performance, as the shares declined almost 20% during their eight years at the helm.
“His tenure was marked by some triumphs as well as some missteps,” said Stacy Rasgon, an analyst at Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. “Intel got really big, their margins expanded. They presided over key revenue growth and gross margin expansion.”
To be sure, upon Otellini's retirement, Intel lagged behind in mobile, garnering only 1 percent of the chip market for smartphones and tablets. Today, Intel has expanded its mobile business by supplying cellular modems for smartphones such as Apple's iPhone.
“Paul's business acumen, optimism, and dedication fueled our growth throughout their tenure as CEO,” Intel Chairman Andy Bryant said in a statement. “His tireless drive, discipline and humility were the cornerstones of their leadership.”
Otellini was born in San Francisco. They received a bachelor's degree in economics at the University of San Francisco in 1972 and a master's degree in business administration at the University of California at Berkeley in 1974 before joining Intel. They were the company's first CEO with an MBA and the first without a Ph.D.
By Mark Gurman
But others stayed and fought, the troops said. Most were killed, though some escaped and a few were taken prisoner, according to General Aboda.
On Friday, corpses of several militants lay where they had fallen, some with weapons still at their side. Downtown Hawija, the site of the heaviest fighting, was a jumble of collapsed walls and crushed storefronts.
Kareem Gita, a Shiite militiaman who commanded a checkpoint in the shattered city center Friday, said many militants had lost the will to fight.
“Their leaders failed them,” they said. “A lot of fighters ran away. The rest, we killed.”
A handful of militants remained holed up in the city on Friday, General Aboda said. They said Iraqi forces were searching for them as engineering teams worked to clear streets and buildings of roadside bombs and booby traps.
Fighting continued just outside the city. Gunfire rattled in the distance and pillars of black smoke spun skyward as Iraqi troops pursued fleeing militants north of Hawija. Col. Ryan Dillon, the spokesperson for American-led coalition forces in Baghdad, said the militants were operating from a shrinking slice of territory.
Photo
Assuming Hawija's outlying districts are finally cleared, the Islamic State in Iraq would be left with a string of desert outposts in the Euphrates River valley and the city of Qaim on the Syrian border. The group still controls significant territory in Syria.
But the militants never made much of a stand in Hawija. For the first week or so, commanders said, some fought back as government troops squeezed them from three directions in outlying areas. Trapped, they made a final stand in the city center. After three days of urban fighting, commanders said, the battle ended on Thursday.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Burned-out civilian vehicles, some upturned and others riddled with bullet holes, lay among rubble in the city center. Soldiers said many had carried Islamic State fighters.
But virtually no destroyed military vehicles were visible, suggesting that militants in and around Hawija can no longer obtain the gun-mounted Humvees and armored troop carriers they used in Mosul.
“They don't know how to fight anymore,” said Rohaid Talal, 22, a Shiite militiaman.
Before the operation, Iraqi forces dropped leaflets instructing residents to flee. About 75,000 to 80,000 took refuge in outlying districts, according to Naji Ibrahim Hawas, head of the Hawija provincial council. Those residential areas seemed mostly untouched.
For civilians, who began to emerge at the city's edge on Friday, the defeat of the Islamic State offered salvation after three years under the militants' harsh rule. Like residents of other Sunni cities controlled by ISIS, they described public beheadings in the city square, people shot in the foot if caught with a cellphone, and beatings for such offenses as wearing dishdasha hems too low or beards too short.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
“They beat me with a belt in front of my children — it shamed me,” said Raad Mohammed Jasim, 38, who said they were jailed for three weeks by militants who stole their sheep and car.
Abdul Basit, 21, who like Mr. Jasim remained in the Hawija district under ISIS rule, said they were shocked that so many militants had fled without a fight because they had seemed so terrifying and ruthless.
“Just seeing their faces and their beards made me tremble,” Mr. Basit said.
The sight of Shiite militiamen parading through a Sunni city did not seem to alarm many residents.
“They helped liberate us,” said Mr. Hawas, the provincial council leader. “We prefer anyone to Daesh,” they added, using an Arabic acronym for the Islamic State, also known as ISIS or ISIL.
Photo
They were preparing to slaughter 30 sheep to thank government forces, including the militiamen. They said Shiite militia units will soon hand control of Hawija to local police and to Sunni tribal leaders.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
From 2005 to 2007, Sunnis and Shiites fought a brutal civil war. In 2013, Hawija was at the forefront of a brief uprising that pitted Sunni gunmen against the Shiite-dominated government of Nuri Kamal al-Maliki, then the prime minister.
Human rights groups have accused Shiite militiamen in liberated Sunni cities such as Falluja of executing Islamic State prisoners and civilians accused of supporting them. Several militants who surrendered to Kurdish forces last week said they feared execution if captured by Shiite militiamen.
General Aboda said all militants captured in Hawija were turned over to Iraqi military intelligence officers.
The military coalition in Hawija included Iranian-trained militiamen, federal police officers and local Sunni tribal fighters. They were backed by American airstrikes and artillery.
Mr. Hawas and other Sunni residents complained about the Kurdish fighters known as pesh merga, who maintained defensive lines a few miles north of the city. They said the overwhelming vote last month for independence from Iraq for the Kurdish autonomous region had undercut the fight against the Islamic State. The Kurds should annul the vote, many said.
There are fears that Iraqi forces will clash with pesh merga fighters now that the two sides' front lines are closer after the fall of Hawija. Kurdish leaders and the government in Baghdad are locked in a tense confrontation over the vote, with Iraq threatening military and economic reprisals if the Kurds don't annul the results.
“If they insist on their independence, then of course we may have to fight them,” General Aboda said. But they added that the police had been ordered by Baghdad to avoid any confrontation with Kurdish fighters.
“They told us not to provoke anything,” said another police commander in Hawija, Gen. Maitham al-Abbodi.
Despite the military triumph, not everyone was so sanguine about the end of Islamic State. Col. Kareem Aboud of a federal police SWAT unit, who was providing security for food deliveries to displaced Hawija district residents, said they were not convinced that the Islamic State was on the verge of complete defeat in Iraq.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“They're like a cancer,” they said. “You can never declare them dead.”
MANCHESTER, England (AP) — Manchester United and Chelsea couldn't afford any slip-ups if they were to have even the slightest chance of catching runaway leader Manchester City in the final few months of the Premier League.
Both lost on Wednesday, and saw City rack up another big win to move even closer to the title.
United conceded a goal inside 11 seconds to Christian Eriksen and was beaten 2-0 by Tottenham at Wembley Stadium in front of a record Premier League attendance of 81, 978.
Chelsea had an even heavier loss, upset 3-0 by Bournemouth at home after conceding three goals in a 16-minute spell in the second half.
City took its opportunity to push 15 points clear in what is turning into a procession to the title, beating West Bromwich Albion 3-0 on the back of another masterful display by Kevin De Bruyne.
De Bruyne set up Fernandinho for the opener and then scored himself, before Sergio Aguero added a late third at Etihad Stadium. In the process, City went past 100 goals for the season in all competitions.
United stayed in second place while Chelsea dropped to fourth — below Liverpool on goal difference — and is now 18 points behind City.
Leicester was without Riyad Mahrez for its trip to Everton, with the Algerian not included in the squad after being the subject of a bid from Man City on Tuesday, and missed its star winger in a 2-1 loss at Goodison Park.
Burnley and Southampton came from behind to secure 1-1 draws against Newcastle and Brighton, respectively. Stoke and Watford drew 0-0.
___
Steve Douglas is at www.twitter.com/sdouglas80
The phenomenon would've flown under history's radar if Reddit user sigsegv__ hadn't called attention to a particular fix nestled in this recent patch's unusually dense list of addressed issues. In a comment, sigsegv__ pointed out that he'd reported this bug to Valve after a developer of the TF2 Classic mod, Nicknine, first exposed the issue in a video a few weeks ago and claimed it had been in the game since its original release. sigsegv__ made their own video exploring its severity:
To explain the bug simply, if someone started the game as one of three particular classes and then shifted to any of the six others, their character would have one set of hitboxes and the server would register a slightly different one to other players. The mismatch between animated model and actual hittable zones means a decent amount of shots taken over the game's ten-year lifespan were likely near-misses when they should've been hits, assuaging the ego of anyone who swore they'd gotten that sweet headshot that one time.
Fixing it was as simple as changing one line of code, sigsegv__ claims in the Reddit comment, but knowing which line and where was the real trick. We've reached out to both modders and Valve, and will update when we know more about the bug. For now, rest easy that your shots are slightly more accurate and a long-overlooked wrong has been righted.
Today is the seventh day of Passover, the holiday where Jews abstain from eating foods like bread, rice, pasta, cookies, and cakes. Rabbi Mara Nathan is the senior rabbi at Temple Beth El in San Antonio, and is the first woman to serve as senior rabbi of a major congregation in Texas.
Nathan says the Passover story originates from the Hebrew bible, which says Jews were slaves in Egypt for over 400 years. They say there came a certain point where they realized they could no longer bear their servitude.
“And so God sends Moses and their brother Aaron and their sister Miriam and they interact with Pharoah and the Egyptians and after the ten plagues, lots of drama, Pharoah finally agrees to let the people go,” Nathan says.
But while they were trying to escape, the Jews found themselves at the edge of the Red Sea.
“Then the sea parts, and they're able to cross over on dry land from slavery as it were to freedom on the other side,” Nathan.
Passover celebrates the Jews gaining that freedom in Ancient Egypt. Jews observe Passover by eating only unleavened foods, or foods that don't rise, like matzoh—it looks like a big cracker. They start the week of Passover with one or two nights of Seder, which is the telling of the Passover story.
“So first of all, Seder in Hebrew means order,” Nathan says. “There is a very specific order that has evolved over hundreds if not thousands of years as to how you tell the story and we tell that story with lots of different symbols.”
Nathan calls Seder is the ultimate interactive educational experience. Everyone at the table gets a turn to tell a part of the story. Even the youngest child at the table has a role, reading questions about the significance of what's going on.
“And the Haggadah, which comes from the Hebrew word which means ‘The telling,' is the book that you use in order to tell the story,” Nathan says. “The book has prayers, it has explanations, it has rituals, all integrated into one book.”
Nathan says there are many different versions of the Haggadah that tell the story from a different angle, but the prayers and the rituals that are involved are pretty consistent from one community to another around the world. But they say the ritual food at the Passover Seder can vary greatly from community to community, since the Jewish people have lived all over the world.
“How one makes the maror, which is the bitter herb, or how one prepares charoses , which is a fruit and wine and nut mixture which is supposed to represent the mortar that the Israelite slaves used to build the brick pyramids while they were enslaved, depending on where you are in the world, those ingredients might be different,” Nathan says.
In the center of the table, is the Seder plate, where all the symbolic foods are displayed. For the last three decades, an orange has been added to some Seder plates. The story that's been passed around is that a man once scoffed that a woman belonged on the bima, or on the Jewish pulpit, like an orange belonged on a Seder plate. So some people have started putting oranges on their Seder plates to support women's rights.
But Nathan says the story isn't true. The real story they say is that Susannah Heschel, a Jewish scholar, came across a Hagaddah written by students at Oberlin College when they were a speaker there.
“One of their concerns was that lesbians and gay people in general were shut out of Jewish life,” Nathan says. “And that they initially put a crust of bread on the Seder plate, or wrote a story of what it might be like to put a crust of bread on a Seder plate, meaning that it would bring the Seder to a close. It would ruin Passover.”
Nathan says in the 80s, these women said they felt like they were a piece of bread at a Seder. They did not belong. They were pushed out.
“But Heschel didn't want to use bread because bread ruins the Seder, so they used oranges instead feeling of being something that was seen as prohibited, it was actually a beautiful symbol,” Nathan says. “ And people were supposed to spit out the seeds to repudiate the ignorance and homophobia that existed in Judaism.”
Not all Seder plates have an orange on them. But all Haggadahs end the same way. After the fourth cup of wine and the conclusion of the Seder, everyone yells out together, “Next year in Jerusalem!”
MANILA — Holding out hope for the resumption of peace talks with the government, legal consultants of the communist rebel negotiator, National Democratic Front of the Philippines, have issued a broad appeal for judges not to cancel the bail of its negotiators.
Legal consultant Rachel Pastores expressed hope that the government would reconsider its decision to cancel the talks, noting that both parties had been on track to finalize the Comprehensive Agreement on Social and Economic Reforms within this year to address the socioeconomic roots of conflict.
Pastores said defense lawyers have asked the respective courts not to grant the Office of the Solicitor-General's motions for the “recommitment” of the individuals out on bail.
ADVERTISEMENT
In sum, they said lawyers cited calls for the continuation of the negotiations, as well as the gains made during the three rounds of talks since August.
“We are appealing to the judges to consider such calls and not hastily consider the OSG's prayer because a lot will be lost,” Pastores told reporters in a Wednesday briefing.
“How will the peace negotiations push through if the consultants are returned to jail?” they exclaimed. “Who would do the talking?”
NDFP legal consultant Edre Olalia, meanwhile, urged the OSG to “exercise prudence” in seeking the rearrest of peace process consultants. “Give it a chance for things to turn around,” they said.
One such motion filed by Pastores, on behalf of Benito and Wilma Tiamzon, before the Quezon City Regional Trial Court read: “It is premature to say that the die has been cast in so far as going back to the negotiating table is concerned.”
It also lamented that their rearrest would “bring to naught and render moot and academic the efforts of high government officials, various peace advocates, and the Royal Norwegian Government as third-party facilitator.”
The continuing effectivity of the bail of consultants, who were released for the purposes of the negotiations, is seen as a legal safeguard after President Rodrigo Duterte called for their arrest on Feb. 6, a day after declaring the peace talks “canceled.”
So far, Pastores said judges have not decided to grant the government's plea, giving the consultants' defense counsels the chance to air their comments before the court.
An exception is Maria Concepcion Araneta, whose bail Pastores said was canceled by an Iloilo court last week after they skipped their arraignment out of fear for their security.
The daughter of Reynante Gamara, another consultant released on bail, said that allowing the negotiators to be free to take part in the peace talks has been a “matter of justice” because they were only detained for “trumped-up” charges.
Niki Gamara said the Armed Forces of the Philippines' immediate warning for the consultants to either surrender or hide only showed that some sectors in government were treating the consultants “like hostages for the peace negotiation.”
“There's a gun pointed at their backs. This is not a genuine way to treat negotiators,” they said.
Olalia, meanwhile, said the NDFP was forced to withdraw its unilateral ceasefire earlier. They said constant incursions by the military have put the communist rebels on active defense mode in an attempt to avoid skirmishes.
They and Pastores blamed “spoilers” for the cancellation of the peace talks, citing factions advocating militarized action instead of pursuing peace, as well as vested interests opposed to socioeconomic reforms being tackled at the negotiating table.
Pastores noted that during the third round of peace talks in January, negotiators have already agreed in principle about the nature of the agrarian problem and the need for the free distribution of land to the landless peasantry.
“The discussion was just heating up, and [negotiators] were finding ways to expedite things. It is unfortunate that this was terminated,” they said.
Even as Duterte had withdrawn many of their campaign pledges, Olalia said: “If they changed their mind for the worse, then they can still change their mind for the better.” SFM
By FELICIA FONSECA and TOM KRISHER
Associated Press
FLAGSTAFF, Ariz. (AP) - A self-driving Uber SUV struck and killed a pedestrian in suburban Phoenix in the first death involving a fully autonomous test vehicle - an accident that could have far-reaching consequences for the new technology.
The crash Sunday night in Tempe was the event many in the auto and technology industries were dreading but knew was inevitable.
Uber immediately suspended all road-testing of such autos in the Phoenix area, Pittsburgh, San Francisco and Toronto. The testing has been going on for months as automakers and technology companies like the ride-hailing service compete to be the first with cars that operate on their own.
The Volvo was in self-driving mode with a human backup driver at the wheel when it hit 49-year-old Elaine Herzberg as they were walking a bicycle outside the lines of a crosswalk, police said. They died at a hospital.
Uber CEO Dara Khosrowshahi expressed condolences on their Twitter account and said the company is working with local law enforcement on the investigation.
The National Transportation Safety Board, which makes recommendations for preventing crashes, and the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, which can enact regulations, sent investigators.
The public's image of the vehicles will be defined by stories like the crash in Tempe, said Bryant Walker Smith, a University of South Carolina law professor who studies self-driving vehicles.
Although the Uber vehicle and its human backup could be at fault, it may turn out that there was nothing either could have done to stop the crash, they said.
Either way, the fatality could hurt the technology's image and lead to a push for more regulations at the state and federal levels, Smith said.
Autonomous vehicles with laser, radar and camera sensors and sophisticated computers have been billed as the way to reduce the more than 40,000 traffic deaths a year in the U.S. alone. Ninety-four percent of crashes are caused by human error, the government says.
Autonomous vehicles don't drive drunk, don't get sleepy and aren't easily distracted. But they do have faults.
"We should be concerned about automated driving," Smith said. "We should be terrified about human driving."
In 2016, the latest year available, more than 6,000 U.S. pedestrians were killed by vehicles.
The federal government has voluntary guidelines for companies that want to test autonomous vehicles, leaving much of the regulation up to states.
Many states, including Michigan and Arizona, have taken a largely hands-off approach, hoping to gain jobs from the new technology, while California and others have taken a harder line.
California is among states that require manufacturers to report any incidents during the testing phase. As of early March, the state's motor vehicle agency had received 59 such reports.
Arizona Gov. Doug Ducey used light regulations to entice Uber to the state after the company had a shaky rollout of test cars in San Francisco. Arizona has no reporting requirements.
Hundreds of vehicles with automated driving systems have been on Arizona's roads.
Ducey's office expressed sympathy for Herzberg's family and said safety is the top priority.
The crash in Arizona isn't the first involving an Uber autonomous test vehicle. In March 2017, an Uber SUV flipped onto its side, also in Tempe. No serious injuries were reported, and the driver of the other car was cited for a violation.
Herzberg's death is the first involving an autonomous test vehicle but not the first in a car with some self-driving features. The driver of a Tesla Model S was killed in 2016 when their car, operating on its Autopilot system, crashed into a tractor-trailer in Florida.
The NTSB said that driver inattention was to blame but that design limitations with the system played a major role in the crash.
The U.S. Transportation Department is considering further voluntary guidelines that it says would help foster innovation. Proposals also are pending in Congress, including one that would stop states from regulating autonomous vehicles, Smith said.
Peter Kurdock, director of regulatory affairs for Advocates for Highway and Auto Safety in Washington, said the group sent a letter Monday to Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao saying it is concerned about a lack of action and oversight by the department as autonomous vehicles are developed. That letter was planned before the crash.
Kurdock said the deadly accident should serve as a "startling reminder" to members of Congress that they need to "think through all the issues to put together the best bill they can to hopefully prevent more of these tragedies from occurring."
___
Krisher reported from Detroit. Susan Montoya Bryan in Albuquerque, N.M., and Jacques Billeaud in Phoenix contributed to this story.
___
This story has been corrected to show that federal investigators found Tesla's Autopilot system was a factor in the deadly Florida crash.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
McManus: we have to get the best out of ourselves 15 February 2017
Monaghan's Conor McManus celebrates scoring a late point against Mayo.
©INPHO/Tommy Dickson. Monaghan's Conor McManus celebrates scoring a late point against Mayo.©INPHO/Tommy Dickson.
Last weekend's local derby draw against Cavan was a wake-up call for Conor McManus and Monaghan.
Following their opening round win against Mayo, the Farney County produced a below par performance against the Breffni County and were brought back down to earth by their next door neighbours.
“We'd have been more comfortable anyway [with a win] but maybe that draw will give us the drive to keep things going in training and put in better performances,” McManus outlined to The Irish News.
“We have two tough games on the trot now, away to Kerry and Tyrone, and we'll need two good performances in those places.
“You just have to concentrate on performing: we didn't perform against Cavan and didn't get the win; we did perform down in Castlebar [against Mayo] and got the win.
“We have to get the best out of ourselves – work-rate, ball retention, things like that we have to improve, and we will.”
Families of mass shooting victims are joining California State Treasurer John Chiang in calling on the nation's largest public pension fund to stop investing in companies that sell assault weapons and devices that allow guns to fire more rapidly.
Chiang will speak Monday at a board meeting of the California Public Employees' Retirement System, alongside family members of people who died in the 2015 terror attack in San Bernardino that killed 14 people and advocates for stricter gun laws. The wife of a high school teacher who died in Parkland, Florida, sent a letter supporting the effort by Chiang, a Democrat running for governor.
"Enough is enough," Chiang told The Associated Press in an interview. "You have to go to what moves people, and we know money moves people."
New Jersey, Connecticut, Illinois and New York also are discussing divesting from gun-related companies.
Chiang asked after the Las Vegas mass shooting in October for the retirement system and the state's teacher pension fund to sell its stock in companies that sell "military-style assault weapons" and devices such as bump stocks that help guns fire like automatic weapons.
California severely restricts the sale and possession of assault-style weapons.
The February shooting at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Florida has spurred fresh efforts to put financial pressure on the National Rifle Association and companies that make and sell guns.
"We keep having these mass shootings," said Robert Velasco, whose 27-year-old daughter, Yvette, was killed in San Bernardino. "If we can encourage them to divest in companies, wholesalers and retailers of these types of weapons, it could send a message throughout the country to other institutional pensions to do the same."
The retirement system has a roughly $850 million in holdings in Dick's Sporting Goods, Walmart, Kroger, Big 5 Sporting Goods and Sportsman's Warehouse Holdings. The fund's total value is $354 billion.
The fund approached all five in the fall, asking them to stop selling assault weapons and devices such as bump stocks. Following the Florida shooting, Dick's and Kroger announced they would stop selling such guns and would, along with Walmart, raise the age for firearms purchases to 21. Walmart and Big 5 Sporting Goods had previously stopped selling assault weapons.
Chiang attributed the pension fund's efforts as one pressure point that helped create change.
But experts, including at California's pension fund, have long questioned the financial and political effectiveness of divestment. By divesting, shareholders give up their power to exert influence and often times simply turn over the shares to other owners who may not take the same political or social stance.
As of June 2017, the pension fund's various divestment initiatives had cost the system more than $8 billion, according to a memo put together by the fund.
"There's considerable evidence that divestment is an ineffective strategy for achieving social or political goals since the usual consequence is often a mere transfer of ownership," the fund's investment office wrote in a presentation for the board.
Still, using divestment to make political statements is a popular tactic in California. The pension fund decided in 2016 to sell off the last of its tobacco investments and has similarly started reducing its investments in coal. The state began divesting from gun manufacturers in 2013 following the shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Connecticut.
The teachers fund will present research on its holdings in gun retailers in May.
———
This story has been corrected to reflect that Walmart stopped selling assault weapons three years ago but recently raised the age for gun purchases.
19:32 Reported News Briefs Kislev 23, 5778 , 11/12/17 Kislev 23, 5778 , 11/12/17 Herev Gideon: US tactical training school teaches civilians IDF combat methods Read more "I believe in 'Never Again', and I think it's a mitzvah to protect our families, protect our synagogues." ► ◄ Last Briefs
(AP Photo/Eric Risberg). In this photo taken Wednesday, June 27, 2018, environmental activist & billionaire Tom Steyer poses at their offices in San Francisco. Arizona's largest utility is fiercely opposing a push to mandate increased use of renewabl...
(AP Photo/Eric Risberg). In this photo taken Wednesday, June 27, 2018, environmental activist & billionaire Tom Steyer poses at their offices in San Francisco. Arizona's largest utility is fiercely opposing a push to mandate increased use of renewabl...
(AP Photo/Eric Risberg). In this photo taken Wednesday, June 27, 2018, environmental activist & billionaire Tom Steyer poses at their offices in San Francisco. Arizona's largest utility is fiercely opposing a push to mandate increased use of renewabl...
By MELISSA DANIELS
Associated Press
PHOENIX (AP) - Arizona's largest utility is fiercely opposing a push to mandate increased use of renewable energy in the sun-drenched state, setting up a political fight over a measure funded by a California billionaire.
Clean Energy for a Healthy Arizona aims to ask voters whether they want the state Constitution to require half of Arizona's electricity come from renewable sources like wind and solar by 2030. The group plans to file more than 225,000 signatures Thursday gets the question on the November ballot.
Billionaire philanthropist Tom Steyer is financing the initiative through their NextGen Climate Action group, which supported similar efforts in Nevada and Michigan. But only the Arizona measure spawned a political battle, with the Republican-controlled Legislature passing a rule to help insulate utilities and the parent company of the state's largest electricity provider bankrolling opposition messaging.
Steyer, known for climate advocacy as well as their push to impeach President Donald Trump, says he's backing the proposal because of the benefits it will bring to Arizona.
"It actually will lead to lower costs and save a lot of money for consumers," Steyer said. "It leads to clean air and a lot better health outcomes for Arizonans, and it should create literally tens of thousands of jobs in the state of Arizona. So it's hard to understand why these people are fighting it."
Supporters of the initiative say Arizona hasn't taken advantage of its role as the sunniest state in the nation to develop more solar energy, saying it derives just 6 percent of its energy from solar.
Arizona Public Service Co. says the proposed constitutional amendment will cause customers' utility rates to skyrocket and harm reliability.
Its parent company, Pinnacle West Capital Corp., funneled $1.18 million to Arizonans for Affordable Energy to oppose the initiative in the first three months of the year. Multiple chambers of commerce, Tucson Electric Power and Chicanos Por La Causa also oppose it.
"Everyone supports renewable energy," said Matthew Benson, spokesperson for the utility-funded opposition initiative. "The question is whether we are going to have an Arizona plan that is created and implemented by Arizona leaders and officials, or whether we're going to have a plan crammed down our throats by a political activist from California."
Campaign finance records show Steyer's group gave $750,000 in cash and more than $200,000 in goods and services to the renewable energy campaign.
Opponents have used the #StopSteyer hashtag in the run-up to Thursday's deadline for petition signatures. Legislative Republicans also cast them as an "out-of-state billionaire" when they passed a law that limits the cost of not complying with renewable energy mandates.
Steyer disagrees that he's dictating policy. The National Resources Defense Council, Mi Familia Vota, and various in-state health and climate groups have endorsed the initiative as a way to bring more renewable energy to Arizona.
"When concentrated corporate interests put themselves and their bottom line ahead of the people, I don't like that," Steyer said. "And that's what I suspect is happening here. And I think the people of Arizona should be asked what they think, and that's what we're trying to enable."
Arizona is one of three states where the billionaire's NextGen Climate Action group pushed ballot initiatives for higher renewable energy standards. Nevada's measure hasn't drawn the same uproar, and the effort in Michigan ended after two utilities decided to increase investments in renewable energy.
Benson says Arizona is different partly because of the numbers - the Michigan initiative had a 30 percent renewable mandate compared with 50 percent in Arizona. The Arizona Corporation Commission already requires electric utilities to generate 15 percent of their energy from renewable sources by 2025.
APS also warned that the initiative's higher renewable standard would force its nuclear power plant to close. Nuclear wouldn't count toward the 50 percent mandate, and APS says its Palo Verde Nuclear Generating Station is the largest electricity producer in the U.S.
Jeff Burke, APS director of resources planning, says customers would see 6 to 14 percent increases on their bills if the company is forced to ratchet up renewable use ahead of schedule.
"We continue to add renewables to our system, but they have to make sense," Burke said. "It's not really about a target, it's about what makes sense for our customers' usage and what makes rates affordable and what keeps our system reliable."
Thirty-two states with renewable standards didn't have, on average, a correlated rate increase, according to Wesley Hersche, an associate director of research with Arizona State University's Global Security Initiative.
"These issues involve a complex interaction of factors, and we should be careful not to oversimplify things," Hersche wrote in April. "But renewable energy technologies such as solar, wind, and battery storage have become so cheap recently that this finding is not all that surprising."
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The Federal Reserve's latest survey of business conditions found manufacturing activity accelerating in many parts of the country in late April and early May, even as some businesses expressed concern about uncertainty cause by rising trade tensions.
The Fed said Wednesday that its survey described the economy as expanding at a moderate pace with more than half of the central bank's 12 regions reporting a pickup in industrial activity and a third of those districts describing manufacturing conditions as "strong."
The survey was taken after the Trump administration announced plans to institute tariffs of 25 percent on steel imports and 10 percent on aluminum, actions designed to boost domestic producers.
It will inform discussions when the central bank meets next month, when it is expected to raise rates.
Pat Elder reveals how US military recruiters lock young people into contracts of life and death. Donate to order this gift now!
Family Recovers After House Fire
by Andrew James
Cell phone video shows the moment the Reeder family's home went up in flames. What started out as a fire in the garage quickly spread into the attic.
“Overwhelming is the word I keep coming back too,” explained homeowner Michelle Reeder.
They were home at the time of the fire with their 12-year-old son. They made it out safely after their Boxer named Nick alerted them that something was wrong.
“Nick only barks if something is really wrong so I came running out, running out into the main part of the house looked into the garage where Nick was standing and there were flames and smoke everywhere,” they shared.
The fire started in the garage and quickly spread into the attic. Investigators have not yet determined a cause.
If you'd like to donate to help the Reeder family click here.
LOS ANGELES (AP) — The unprecedented sudden cancellation of one of television's top comedies has left a wave of unemployment and uncertainty in its wake.
Roseanne Barr's racist tweet and the swift axing of their rebooted show put hundreds of people out of work, with some wondering whether they would be paid, most knowing they wouldn't be, and few with any legal recourse.
"A lot of people there are just middle class Americans making a living and now they're out of work, especially at a time when we're ramping up into production for the fall season," Rebecca Sun of the industry trade publication The Hollywood Reporter said in an interview with The Associated Press. "It is pretty devastating for all of the people who worked on that show who are now collateral damage as a result of their star's racist beliefs."
Contractual details for those involved with the show, including Barr, were not immediately clear, and would play out in the coming months.
Experts say high-profile figures in the television industry typically have contractual clauses that give them significant severance for shows that are not produced.
Lower-level workers are generally out of luck at an unfortunate time. Though "Roseanne" and many shows just had their season finales, jobs for next season are mostly taken.
Ben Sherwood, president of Disney-ABC Television Group, apologized in a memo Wednesday to "the many men and women who poured their hearts and lives into the show and were just getting started on next season. We're so sorry they were swept up in all of this and we give thanks for their remarkable talents, wish them well, and hope to find another way to work together down the road."
The cancellation came on the first day of meetings for the newly assembled writers for the fall season of "Roseanne." They arrived after Barr's tweet, but before ABC President Channing Dungey's announcement that the show was finished, leading to what executive producer and writer Dave Caplan said were "a lot of bittersweet hellos — and a couple hours later, a lot of very difficult goodbyes."
"Everybody is still in shock at how quickly this all went down," Caplan told The Hollywood Reporter on Wednesday. "It's unfortunate because the writers did pass on other jobs to take this job and nobody really knows yet what kind of compensation they're going to get."
For cast and crew members that did have longer-term contracts, Barr's show-sinking tweet could be deemed, strange as it sounds, an "act of God." A "force majeure" or "act of God," legally, is some unpredictable event such as an earthquake or a riot that changes the underlying circumstances.
"It means something outside of the control of the parties. Roseanne's speech wasn't in the control of ABC," said F. Jay Dougherty, a professor who specializes in entertainment and media law at Loyola Law School in Los Angeles. "It wouldn't surprise me if this was treated by the studio like that kind of event, giving the studio a right to terminate contracts."
Barr themselves suggested on Twitter lately that they may try to take some action.
"You guys make me feel like fighting back," Barr tweeted to their followers Wednesday. "I will examine all of my options carefully and get back to U."
Them contract may have a "morals clause," however, which are often included in the contracts of television stars, athletes and other prominent figures, demanding a standard of behavior as the face of an enterprise.
"If there is a morals clause in their contract, then breaching that would give the studio a right to terminate their contract, and possibly even sue them for damages for breach of contract,"
"We can't predict whether there will be lawsuits or not," Dougherty said, "but I don't think there will be successful lawsuits."
___
Mike Cidoni Lennox and Nicole Evatt in Los Angeles and David Bauder in New York contributed to this report.
___
Follow Andrew Dalton on Twitter: https://twitter.com/andyjamesdalton .
Another child in stroller hit by car in Anaheim, this one slightly injured at car wash
Uber's new panic button has hit phones nationwide.
Interested in Uber? Add Uber as an interest to stay up to date on the latest Uber news, video, and analysis from ABC News. Add Interest
Announced in April in the wake of a spate of alleged sexual assaults, the panic button allows riders to dial 911 directly from the Uber home screen.
"While no one should ever have to call 911 when using Uber, no form of transportation is 100 percent free of incidents," CEO Dana Khosrowshahi wrote in a blog post at the time. "If ever faced with an emergency situation, we want to help you get the help you need."
In most cities, the app will display the rider's location, which updates in real time, so they can relay their location to 911 operators.
UBER
In a handful of cities participating in a pilot program — Denver, Charleston, Chattanooga, Naples, Tri-Cities, Louisville, and, in the next few days, Nashville — the app will automatically transmit location information and vehicle details, including color, make, model, year, and licence plate number, to emergency dispatchers.
"Every second counts in an emergency," Sachin Kansal, Uber's Director of Safety Products, said in a statement to ABC. "We want to make sure our users get help quickly with accurate information if faced with an emergency situation."
BEIRUT (AP) — Syrian President Bashar Assad is threatening to attack a region held by U.S.-backed Kurdish fighters in northeastern Syria if talks fail to bring the area back under Damascus' authority.
Assad said in an interview with Russia Today television which aired on Thursday that the U.S. troops, who operate air bases and outposts in the Kurdish-administered region, will have to leave country.
They say they have opened the door to negotiations with the Kurdish-run administration while also preparing to "liberate by force."
Forces loyal to Assad, who is backed by Russia and Iran, and the Syrian Kurds have clashed sporadically over the eastern oil province of Deir el-Zour. They led rival fronts against Islamic State militants last year, and they maintain a protracted front against each other along the Euphrates River.
While there's no scientific proof that setting an age threshold for tackle football can reduce the risk of long-term brain injuries in players, the idea that limiting physical contact could be a solution to the problem doesn't seem farfetched. The challenge ahead for Tregg is to make parents and coaches understand that their kids can fully develop skills without tackling, which has historically been a core element of the game. Tregg said in an interview that the key is to educate young people on what can happen when they play a contact sport and the effects that this can have on them being able to live a normal life beyond football.
Tregg added that although the Duerson Act is solely about protecting players from physical hits, technology can be key to keeping better track of when someone's been hit and accurately measuring impact levels, particularly around the head. Companies like Prevent Biometrics are already working on products designed to address these issues. With the Head Impact Monitor System (HIMS), for example, Prevent has created a sensor-laden mouth guard that can detect collisions immediately, the idea being that this would prompt players and coaches to seek medical treatment on the sidelines.
If the HIMS works as advertised, it has the potential to substitute methods such as observational tests, which have proved time and time again to be ineffective. Those traditional diagnostic methods often fail because it's tough to convince a player to get off the field and at times, team doctors don't do their due diligence, as their priorities lie with the club rather than the individual.
The NFL has tried to address this by implementing a concussion protocol that employs independent doctors on the field, but the system isn't perfect. Chris Nowinski, co-founder and CEO of the Concussion Legacy Foundation, called the protocol a "fraud" last November after an incident in which Indianapolis Colts quarterback Jacoby Brissett took a helmet-to-helmet hit during a game. Brissett was allowed to continue playing, despite going limp and showing what Nowinski called one of the "clearest concussions signs of the season."
Helmet makers like Riddell, meanwhile, have been working on solutions of their own. The company's Precision-Fit tech is used to make customized helmets for each player. To do so, Riddell scans the surface of a player's head and uses that image and exact surface to create a helmet that fits them exclusively. That can in turn create better protection, since literally every curve is covered.
In addition, Riddell has also developed its InSite training tool, a helmet-based sensor system that can measure impact data and upload it to a server where coaches and athletic trainers can view the results. Riddell emphasizes that the idea behind InSite isn't to be a diagnostic tool or a medical device but rather to simply act as a monitoring system that can help staff proactively reduce the head-impact exposure of players. It could, for instance, show if a player's hitting technique is poor or if their playing style needs to be adjusted.
InSite isn't being used in the NFL right now, but there's a chance we'll see it make its way to the league in the near future. For now, Riddell says 20 players from the Philadelphia Eagles will be wearing Precision-Fit helmets when they face the New England Patriots this weekend during Super Bowl LII. You may also see players using the VICIS Zero1 that night, a helmet designed by engineers and neurosurgeons that garnered investment from the NFL for being one of the most impact-reducing products for its players. The Zero1 features multiple layers of foam that are meant to slow down impact forces and mitigate collisions by offering players the widest possible field of view.
The NFL has made more than 50 league changes that are intended to reduce the amount of contact players have to deal with.
Innovation in protective gear is one of the areas the NFL has been heavily investing in since 2016, when it launched Play Smart, Play Safe, an initiative intended to drive progress in the prevention, diagnosis and treatment of head injuries. As part of that, the league has pledged $100 million to the cause, promising to support independent medical research and engineering advancements that help protect players and make the sport generally safer.
Of the $100 million the league has committed, $60 million will go to the league's Engineering Roadmap. It first plans to borrow successful injury-prevention techniques from the auto industry to create a robust head-protection program for players. It then plans to develop accurate impact sensors and work on helmet tech that can make hits less excruciating. Last but not least, it will create incentives for companies to use this research to create a new breed of protective equipment.
Most importantly, perhaps, the NFL has made more than 50 league changes that are intended to reduce the amount of contact players have to deal with, especially when they're not playing actual games.
For starters, the off-season program was reduced from 14 to 9 weeks, during which teams are only allowed to make players wear helmets for four of those. Then, in the preseason, the NFL eliminated two-a-day practices, forcing teams to only conduct one padded practice per day. As for the actual season, one of the biggest changes was limiting permissible padded practices to 14 for the entire 17-week season, compared to the unlimited number prior to 2011. Players can now also only have two padded practices per week during the season, and every team is required to film all practices, which helps the NFL health officials review tape in case there are any concussions recorded.
Why did it take the NFL this long to take action, considering that the issue surrounding brain injuries caused by the sport is decades old? Jeff Miller, the NFL's executive vice president of health and safety initiatives, told Engadget that as the league learns more about the topic from researchers, clinicians, coaches and, of course, players, it can do its part to try to solve the issue as best as it can.
Miller pointed to the NFL's ongoing medical and engineering research efforts as proof that the league is instituting changes to how the game is taught as well as the way it is helping "take the head out of the game." They said the NFL is fully committed to understanding diseases like CTE and traumatic brain injury, noting that the league is constantly working with innovators across the world to come up with the best diagnosis, treatment and injury prevention for players. "Awareness of and interest in this issue only continue to increase," they said. "We think that is critical to continuing to advance progress, and we intend to remain at the center of the effort and the discussion."
Tregg said that people should take the NFL's word with a grain of salt. After all, they said, the league has its own agenda and public image to protect. "The NFL is an entertainment business," they said. "They make billions of dollars and pay people a lot of money, and a lot of [the] decisions that they're going to make along these lines are tied to entertainment." They added that at the end of the day, the NFL is going to do what's best for its bottom line, even if it comes at the expense of players' health. "Some players," said Tregg, "are willing to take the health risks to be compensated."
"They make billions of dollars and pay people a lot of money, and a lot of [the] decisions that they're going to make along these lines are tied to entertainment."
Still, even with improvements in technology, science and rule changes, the main issue continues to be the lack of players' self-care. A high school player who may have a concussion, for example, may not want to come out of a game because their time on the field could mean a college scholarship. The same goes for someone who plays in college, with the only difference being that what's at stake is an NFL contract. And for players in the NFL, being out with a concussion could end up affecting time on the field in the next game or, at worst, losing out on a contract extension.
"I would say that where technology can be very helpful is in finding those individuals that are concussed," said Tregg. "Because quite frankly, there's not going to be many players who are going to raise their hand and say, 'I'm willing to leave the field because I have a concussion.'"
That's a cultural problem that Tregg said involves a lot of social factors, too, like players not wanting to let themselves or their teammates down. "They are so competitive, and they're driven by that competitiveness to win the game or even to sustain their starting position," they said. "The likelihood that we think the average [player] is going to say, 'Yes, I'm concussed, can you take me out of the game?' is probably pretty low. And I think with the help of technology, we can find objective ways to identify those individuals."
Doctor Robert C. Cantu, co-founder and medical director of the Concussion Legacy Foundation and a clinical professor of neurosurgery at Boston University School of Medicine, said the other main problem is the common misconception that concussions are the primary cause of CTE. Cantu and other researchers believe that even mild head injuries can pose a major risk for developing the disease.
The Parkland Twins AAA team may have gotten off to a rocky start in the 2018 season, but they've quickly found solid ground as they cruised to third place in the league standings with an 8-2 win-loss ratio.
The Twins started off the summer with three losses during their April appearance at the Prairie Baseball Academy's tournament in Lethbridge, losing 17-0 against the Saskatoon Cubs, 12-11 against the PBA JV Dawgs and 13-3 against the Calgary Babe Ruth. However, as the team broke into their regular season in May, however, the Twins quickly upped their performance with a 7-5 home game win against the Red Deer Braves and shutout 9-0 win over the Calgary Dinos Yellow.
The following day, on May 6, the Twins took two losses while playing in Red Deer against the Northern Lights Academy (9-3) and the Calgary Dinos Black (8-7). The Twins quickly rebounded, and have won the last eight games in a row, including a 9-0 win over St. Albert on May 9, a 5-0 victory against the East Central Bulls and a 10-0 win over the Foothills Dawgs on May 26 followed quickly by a 18-5 victory over the Calgary Cubs.
That accelerated performance has pushed the Twins back into the top three in the league, sitting just under the St. Albert Red who are in second place and the Northern Lights who have snagged the top spot.
Head coach Dustin Northcott said that the recent success has been a result of the team coming together over the course of the season.
“I think we've figured each other out as a team and as a whole,” they said. “We've started to gel and mesh and I think we've found some success in our lineup where guys are hitting. I think we've progressively gotten better.”
Northcott said they attribute the success to a strong foundation in the team, that doesn't just rely on any one player above any other.
“It's been a team effort. I think everyone in every capacity has contributed and that's been nice to see. We haven't had to rely on one particular pitcher, or one particular guy in the lineup and that's a sign of a very strong team,” they said.
Available in mid-2018, the Desert Tech MDR will be chambered in .300 Blackout. Originally released in .308 Win. and .223 Wylde, the MDR allows easy caliber conversion. When the .300 Blackout version becomes available, MDR shooters will be able to swap in a 16-inch .300 Blackout conversion kit and get back shooting in just under two minutes.
(801) 975-7272
www.gunsmagazine.com/company/desert-tech
The US national team are three points away from booking their place in Russia.
Christian Pulisic scored the opener and set up the second in Orlando, Jozy Altidore hit a brace and Bobby Wood added a later goal as the US cruised to a 4-0 victory over Panama in both teams' penultimate match of CONCACAF World Cup Qualifying on Friday night.
In the process, the Americans moved above Panama into third in the Hexagonal standings, meaning another victory next Tuesday at Trinidad and Tobago would seal the region's third and final automatic berth for the 2018 FIFA World Cup.
A fourth-place finish would see the US thrown into a two-leg, do-or-die playoff against the fifth-place team from the Asian confederation.
Goals
8' - USA - Christian Pulisic Watch
19' - USA - Jozy Altidore Watch
43' - USA - Jozy Altidore (PK) Watch
63' - USA - Bobby Wood Watch
Three Things
GOAL ORIENTED: With their goal and assist, Pulisic has now been involved in eight of the US's 16 goals during the hexagonal phase of qualifying. … Altidore's brace gives them an all-time US best of 11 goals in the hexagonal across multiple World Cup cycles. He's the first American to reach double digits. … The US have now outscored their opponents 10-0 its two games following losses in the current hexagonal phase. BACK IN THE MIDDLE: After playing them on the right side of midfield in the US's last two qualifiers, coach Bruce Arena shifted Pulisic back into a central attacking midfield role to start Friday night. The move so flummoxed Panama that, by the 26th minute, coach Hernan Dario Gomez made a tactical sub and switched from a 4-4-2 to a 4-1-4-1. Arena's tactics also influenced Mexico boss Juan Carlos Osorio into a first-half substitution at the Estadio Azteca in June. Hernan Dario Gomez on Christian Pulisic: "He did whatever they wanted tonight." #USMNT #USAvPAN — Franco Panizo (@FrancoPanizo) October 7, 2017 HISTORY (SORTA) REPEATING: For the first time since 1989, the US's World Cup qualifying hopes to come down to the final day of CONCACAF play. And again the Americans will play their final match at Trinidad and Tobago. Unlike qualifying for Italia 90, however, Trinidad and Tobago have been eliminated from contention, while there are also alternative ways the US could qualify without a victory in Couva.
They Said It
Crowd here in Orlando was simply amazing. Couldn't have asked for a better showing with this magnitude of a situation. Good on you Orlando!! — Taylor Twellman (@TaylorTwellman) October 7, 2017
Next Up
USA: Tuesday, October 10 at Trinidad and Tobago (8 pm ET | beIN Sports, NBC Universo)
Tuesday, October 10 at Trinidad and Tobago (8 pm ET | beIN Sports, NBC Universo) PAN: Tuesday, October 10 vs. Costa Rica (8 pm ET)
Vote for Man of the Match
Officials say rescuers are searching for up to six people still missing after landslides killed at least 141 in southeastern Bangladesh.
Fire department deputy director Jasim Uddin said Thursday that all of those still missing were in the worst-hit region of Rangamati.
Elsewhere, the government turned its focus to providing food and other aid to some 4,500 people whose homes were swamped by mud and debris unleashed in the landslides Tuesday.
With power cut off since Tuesday in the remote, hilly region, information was slow to trickle out.
England defender Phil Jones is not feeling threatened by Victor Lindelof's arrival at Manchester United.
Jones was born in Preston and grew up in Clayton-le-Woods. They attended Balshaw's High School in Leyland, and played for Ribble Wanderers Under-10s before joining Blackburn.
Sweden international Lindelof may expect to be a regular at the heart of defence after their £30.75million move from Benfica, alongside Eric Bailly.
But Jones said: “Competition is always good – I've spoken to the manager.”
A homeless man's car breaks down, then strangers help to put their lives back on track
More than 200 people have been contaminated or infected with a potentially deadly strain of drug-resistant fungus during outbreaks at UK hospitals.
Some 20 separate NHS Trusts and independent hospitals detected Candida auris (C. auris) in patients, with three hospitals being forced to tackle "large" outbreaks of the pathogen that is "difficult to control".
First discovered in Japan, the family of yeasts can live on the skin and inside the body, causing complications in people with weakened immune systems.
Public Health England (PHE) said doctors at one hospital were still dealing with an outbreak of the fungus, which is resistant to a commonly prescribed fungicidal drug.
Medical staff have been issued with new guidance on detecting and dealing with the fungus, including the "intensive" disinfection of wards amid concern over the "increasing experience of the complexities" infections are posing.
Meanwhile a biosafety unit at Porton Down, the UK's chemical weapons lab, has been testing fungicidal activity of a variety of disinfectants and antiseptics.
"As at the beginning of July 2017, 20 separate NHS Trusts and independent hospitals in the United Kingdom had detected over 200 patients colonised or infected with C. auris," PHE said.
"Three hospitals have seen large nosocomial (within hospital) outbreaks that have proved difficult to control, despite intensive infection prevention and control measures, though two of these outbreaks have been declared over and one is seeing significantly fewer numbers of new acquisitions.
"Over 35 other hospitals have had patients known to be colonised with C. auris transferred to them."
PHE said there was no evidence that any of the infections had resulted in the death of a patient in the UK, although there were limitations to the data available.
Official guidance states that infections are usually minor, while serious infections are rare.
PHE said most cases detected in the UK have been of colonised patients, while around a quarter of cases have been clinical infections - including 27 patients who developed blood stream infections.
Complications arise when the fungus enters the body or blood stream during medical treatment, such as the insertion of drips of urinary catheters, or a wound.
C. auris is resistant to the first-line antifungal drug fluconazole and the species can rapidly evolve to develop resistance.
The fungus was first identified in the ear of a patient in Japan in 2009 and has since caused prolonged hospital outbreaks in India, Pakistan, Venezuela, and Colombia.
The federal tax deadline is approaching — but you still have two days left to file your returns on time and avoid any penalties. The IRS urges you to do so electronically, because it is much likely to avoid errors. WFIR's Evan Jones has more.
04-17 Tax Deadline Wrap1-WEB
LONDON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 24, 2018--Roku, Inc.(NASDAQ: ROKU) today announced that it will soon make its Enhanced Voice Search feature available to Roku users in the UK. Enhanced Voice Search enables users to use their voice to find entertainment to watch. The new feature will be available for Roku® players through the Roku mobile app, and for the Roku Streaming Stick+ through the remote control. Roku OS 8.1 will begin to roll out through a software update beginning on May 1.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005254/en/
RSS+ with Roku mobile app and Roku OS (Graphic: Business Wire)
Enhanced Voice Search allows for more natural language understanding and can search for movies, shows, actors and directors, or even launch streaming channels, in a more conversational tone. For example, a user can say things like, “show me comedies”, “find The Grand Tour” or “launch hayu”.
“We want to get our customers to the show they want to watch quickly,” said Lloyd Klarke, Director of Product Management at Roku. “Enhanced voice search makes it even easier for our users to find new movies and TV shows to watch.”
The Roku mobile app, available for iOS® and Android™, acts as a remote, streams media from a mobile device to the TV, includes a keyboard and offers features like voice search and private listening. In addition, Roku OS 8.1 will enable private listening for up to four devices concurrently for all Roku players.
Availability
Roku OS 8.1 will begin to roll out on May 1. The Roku Streaming Stick+ is available from all major retailers for a suggested retail price of £79,99.
About Roku, Inc.
Roku pioneered streaming to the TV. We connect users to the streaming content they love, enable content publishers to build and monetize large audiences, and provide advertisers with unique capabilities to engage consumers. Roku streaming players and Roku TV™ models are available around the world through direct retail sales and licensing arrangements with TV OEMs and service operators. Roku was founded by Anthony Wood and is headquartered in Los Gatos, Calif. U.S.A.
Cautionary Statement Regarding Roku Forward-Looking Statements
This press release contains “forward-looking” statements that are based on our beliefs and assumptions and on information currently available to us on the date of this press release. Forward-looking statements may involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These statements include, but are not limited to the timing and availability of future software releases and the functionality enabled in such releases. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update these forward-looking statements publicly, or to update the reasons actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements, even if new information becomes available in the future. Important factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially are detailed from time to time in the reports Roku, Inc. files with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our Form 10-K for the quarter and year ended December 31, 2017. Copies of reports filed with the SEC are posted on Roku's website and are available from Roku without charge.
Roku, Roku TV and Streaming Stick are registered trademarks of Roku, Inc. in the U.S. and in other countries.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005254/en/
CONTACT: Roku, Inc.
Mike Duin
mduin@roku.com
KEYWORD: UNITED KINGDOM UNITED STATES EUROPE NORTH AMERICA CALIFORNIA
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: ENTERTAINMENT TV AND RADIO TECHNOLOGY CONSUMER ELECTRONICS HARDWARE INTERNET SOFTWARE AUDIO/VIDEO MOBILE/WIRELESS
SOURCE: Roku, Inc.
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/24/2018 04:30 AM/DISC: 04/24/2018 04:30 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005254/en
An 80-year-old grandmother who loved Toronto sports teams nearly as much as their own family and a "brilliant" young woman who volunteered to build houses in the Dominican Republic were among the 10 people killed when a van plowed down a Toronto sidewalk.
Other victims in Monday's attack included people from Jordan and South Korea, as well as a local college student. Though the names of most of the victims weren't immediately released, details began emerging about several of them as their families began mourning and memorials in their honor grew larger.
Toronto City Councilor Cesar Palacio identified one of the victims as 30-year-old Anne Marie D'Amico, who worked at Invesco, an investment management firm near the attack.
Palacio said D'Amico was a friend of their daughter, and they remember them as "a brilliant young girl" who was interested in improving society.
Palacio said they spoke with D'Amico's parents, who live in their ward.
"You can imagine the nightmare, the living nightmare they're going through at this moment," they said.
D'Amico volunteered at a Canada-based international humanitarian charity called Live Different. They helped build houses in the Dominican Republic in 2015 and 2017, according to Dave Hamilton, the charity's manager of school partnerships.
They said they were "always up for a challenge and really wanted to help people out."
Brodie MacDonald, a friend of D'Amico's, posted a video on Facebook of their playing baseball in the Dominican Republic and wrote that their love of the game is what brought them close.
"I am so angry at the world today and I am so sorry that this happened to you and as tears roll down my face thinking about the incredible person that you were, please know that you made a difference in so many peoples' lives," they wrote.
Also killed in the attack was Dorothy Sewell, an 80-year-old grandmother who was an avid sports fan, said their grandson, Elwood Delaney.
Delaney, of Kamloops in British Columbia, posted on Facebook that they had to tell their three children and their wife "that they will no longer get to talk to Nan" on birthdays or holidays.
They said their grandmother almost had as much love for the Blue Jays and the Maple Leafs "as they did for them family."
"You will always be loved and your love for sports will always be with me while I cheer with you," they wrote on Facebook. "Go Toronto Go. Love you Nan."
Two of Sewell's neighbors, Paul and Eweline Matusiewicz, choked back tears at a shrine of flowers on Yonge Street, where they were paying their respects.
They had found out Sewell was among the victims just a half-hour before arriving at the memorial.
"She was just the sweetest soul," Paul Matusiewicz said.
Others killed included Munair Najjar, a citizen of Jordan who was in Toronto visiting family, according to state-run news agency Petra. Jordan's embassy in Ottawa is in contact with Najjar's family, the agency said. No other information about Najjar was released.
Seneca College said one of its female students was killed, but declined to identify her, citing privacy reasons. President David Agnew confirmed the death in an email to students and staff in which they said two other students suffered minor injuries that did not require hospitalization.
"Along with the rest of the city, and world, we were stunned by yesterday's news," Agnew said.
Two South Koreans were among the dead, Yonhap News Agency reported, citing government officials. A third South Korean national was injured. None of their names were released. The Korean consulate general office in Toronto declined to confirm the report.
Investigators had not yet officially identified any of those who died as of Tuesday afternoon, said Dirk Huyer, Ontario's chief coroner.
"We're always balancing the need to know and the desire to know quickly to ensure that we have 100 percent accuracy," they said. "That takes time, and that time can be very frustrating."
Toronto resident Konstantin Goulich created an impromptu memorial to the victims by taping four large sheets of poster board to a wall near the scene of the crime so people could leave messages of condolences and hope. By Tuesday afternoon, dozens of sheets were filled with notes in various languages. Floral bouquets covered the wall's top ledge and had begun covering the ground below.
"People have been traumatized by this," said Goulich, a 37-year-old dental hygienist. "This is a time when we need to come together and I think people sense it."
———
Associated Press writers Charmaine Noronha and Tammy Webber in Toronto; Blake Nicholson in Bismarck, North Dakota; Amanda Lee Myers in Los Angeles; and Ivan Moreno in Milwaukee contributed to this report.
(AP Photo/J. Scott Applewhite, File). FILE - In this Dec. 22, 2017, file photo, the U.S. Capitol in the early morning in Washington. Top-level Capitol Hill talks on a massive $1.3 trillion catchall spending bill are reaching a critical stage as negotia...
By ANDREW TAYLOR
Associated Press
WASHINGTON (AP) - Battles over priorities in a huge government-wide spending bill are essentially settled, leaving a scaled-back plan for President Donald Trump's border wall and a huge rail project that pits Trump against Capitol Hill's most powerful Democrat as the top issues to be solved.
An agreement could be announced as early as Tuesday.
Efforts to tackle politically-charged immigration issues and rapidly rising health insurance premiums appeared to be faltering.
Capitol Hill Democrats rejected a White House bid to extend protections for so-called Dreamer immigrants in exchange for $25 billion in funding for a wall on the U.S.-Mexico border. Democrats appeared likely to yield on $1.6 billion in wall funding, Trump's official request for the 2018 budget year, but they were digging in against Trump's plans to hire hundreds of new immigration agents.
A dispute over abortion seemed likely to scuttle a Senate GOP plan to provide billions in federal subsidies to insurers to help curb health insurance premium increases.
Sen. Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., was working on Trump's behalf against funding for a Hudson River tunnel and rail project that's important to Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer, D-N.Y., and Republicans from New York and New Jersey.
Monday's developments were described by several lawmakers - as well as congressional aides in both parties who spoke on condition of anonymity because the talks remain secretive.
House and Senate action is needed by midnight Friday to avert another government shutdown.
The bill would implement last month's budget agreement, providing 10 percent increases for the Pentagon and domestic agencies. Coupled with last year's tax cuts, it heralds the return of trillion-dollar budget deficits as soon as the budget year starting in October.
Many battles over policy riders were sorted out in marathon negotiations over the weekend. As is typical, many of the policy issues were melting away.
"We've had at least 100 that we've taken out," said Vermont Sen. Patrick Leahy, top Democrat on the Appropriations Committee.
For instance, an effort to add a plan to revive federal subsidies to stabilize the individual health insurance market and help the poor cover out-of-pocket costs under President Barack Obama's health law appeared to be failing. A complicated dispute involving abortion was at fault.
Trump told Sens. Lamar Alexander, R-Tenn., and Susan Collins, R-Maine, that they support addressing the health insurance issue now as part of the catchall spending plan.
Alexander and Collins are seeking to revive payments to insurers, which Trump halted last fall, that reimburse the carriers for reducing out-of-pocket costs for many low-earning customers. Those reductions are required by the Obama health law, and insurers have made up for the lost federal payments by boosting premiums.
The Republicans said their subsidy plan would reduce premiums by up to 40 percent over time. They would also create a $30 billion, three-year reinsurance program that states could use to help insurers afford to cover their most seriously ill, expensive consumers.
Democrats, however, oppose GOP provisions that would forbid the federal payments from being used to help pay for insurance policies that provide abortion.
And Republicans appeared likely to fail in a bid to fix a glitch in the recent tax bill that subsidizes grain sales to cooperatives at the expense of for-profit grain companies, several aides said.
"We need to fix that problem," said House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy, R-Calif.
Elsewhere, efforts to use the measure as a vehicle to extend protections for young immigrants under the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrival, or DACA, program appeared likely to fail, lawmakers and aides said. Trump killed the Obama-era program in September, but a court decision has essentially left it in place, for now. The White House had revived the idea in recent days - offering on Sunday a 30-month extension of DACA protections in exchange for $25 billion for Trump's border wall - but Democrats demanded protections for a broader pool of immigrants than had signed up for DACA, a request denied by GOP negotiators.
"Nobody's really moved," said No. 2 Senate Republican John Cornyn of Texas.
Trump tweeted Monday night: "The Democrats do not want to help DACA. Would be so easy to make a deal!"
The president, meanwhile, has privately threatened to veto the whole package if a $900 million payment is made on the Hudson River Gateway Project, a priority for Schumer. Trump's opposition is alarming Northeastern Republicans such as Rep. Peter King of New York, who lobbied Trump on the project at a St. Patrick's luncheon in the Capitol Thursday.
The Gateway Project would add an $11 billion rail tunnel under the Hudson River to complement deteriorating, century-old tunnels that are at risk of closing in a few years. It enjoys bipartisan support among key Appropriations panel negotiators on the omnibus measure who want to get the expensive project on track while their coffers are flush with money.
___
Associated Press writer Alan Fram contributed to this report.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
BC's Fight for $15 can't wait | Toronto passes strict Airbnb rules aimed at preserving long-term rental supply | Alberta's Bill 30 and the right to refuse | Stopping Sexual Abuse on the Job Begins With Empowering Workers | Suncor to appeal after random drug and alcohol testing blocked by injunction | Canadian Banks Accused Of ‘Gouging' After Clocking $42 Billion In Profit | UPS overworking its workers | Arbitration panel awards Nova Scotia civil servants 7% wage hike over 6 years | Ottawa MPs inundated with pleas from Phoenix victims |
From RankandFile.ca
Confronting Zero Tolerance
RankandFile.ca, December 8
Bosses are in love with zero tolerance policies. One arbitrator calls them “the last refuge of weak managers.” Zero tolerance policies authorize employers to discharge workers who commit specified infractions without consideration of the surrounding circumstances, length of service, or the employee's lack of prior discipline.
BC's Fight for $15 can't wait
RankandFile.ca, December 7
When the BCNDP wins government in B.C., the business class gets mobilized. Unfortunately the labour movement too often gets timid or co-opted, convinced that backroom conversations are more important than public pressure and mobilization. With the BCNDP under sustained pressure from the corporate class, this is a recipe for disappointment and defeat. The more public pressure that can be mobilized in the coming weeks and months, the more likely the BCNDP government will adopt a faster timeline and the less effective the business backlash will be. The workers of this province need this and we need it now. When it comes to raising the minimum wage to $15/hr, it's time for a movement in B.C.
Alberta's Bill 30 and the right to refuse
RankandFile.ca, December 6
Last week, Alberta's government introduced Bill 30 (An Act to Protect the Health and Well-being of Working Albertans). This legislation replaces the existing Occupational Health and Safety Act as well as amended the Workers' Compensation Act.
$15 and the B.C. Fair Wages Commission: An interview with Irene Lanzinger
RankandFile.ca, December 5
The Government of BC is currently hearing from individuals and businesses across the province regarding timelines for increasing the minimum wage to $15/h; what to do with the minimum wage rates for farmworkers, liquor servers, live-in caregivers, resident caretakers, and live-in camp leaders, which are currently lower than the general minimum wage of $11.35; and how to square the minimum with the living wage for various parts of the province. Rankandfile.ca spoke with Irene Lanzinger, the president of the B.C. Federation of Labour.
In Other News
Suncor to appeal after random drug and alcohol testing blocked by injunction
Edmonton Journal, December 7
Suncor will not be able to start randomly testing employees at its oilsands site for drugs and alcohol after an Edmonton judge granted an injunction Thursday. The injunction blocks the energy company's plan to start random testing for about 4,600 safety-sensitive and critical management positions at its mine site north of Fort McMurray while its five-year court battle over the program with its workers' union continues.
Toronto passes strict Airbnb rules aimed at preserving long-term rental supply
Globe and Mail, December 7
Toronto City Council has passed new rules to crack down on short-term rental services such as Airbnb that will restrict listings to principal residences and ban homeowners from listing secondary suites such as basement apartments. The basement-apartment issue dominated what snowballed into a daylong debate at city hall. Banning them from short-term rentals was meant to preserve scarce affordable units for Toronto's ultratight long-term rental market, which has a vacancy rate of less than 1 per cent.
Arbitration panel awards Nova Scotia civil servants 7% wage hike over 6 years
CBC News, December 7
Nova Scotia Premier Stephen McNeil and the largest public sector union in the province both claimed victory Thursday after an arbitration panel awarded a seven per cent wage increase over six years for 7,000 civil servants. The panel upheld the government's four-year wage package with a three per cent increase, but extended the deal for two more years with a four per cent increase. The contract runs from 2015 to 2021.
Canadian Banks Accused Of ‘Gouging' After Clocking $42 Billion In Profit
Huffington Post, December 6
A prominent policy watchdog group is calling on Canada to toughen banking oversight, saying the banks' record profits this year are a sign it's time to stop “gouging and abuse.” The big six banks just finished reporting their fourth-quarter earnings, and according to calculations by Democracy Watch, they earned $42 billion in profit collectively in fiscal 2017. That's a 13-per-cent increase over the previous year and double the profits the banks made as recently as 2010. Flush with cash, the banks set aside $14.3 billion for bonuses this year, an 11-per-cent increase from the year before, Bloomberg reports.
Superstore employees come forward after hate-filled video surfaces
Global News, December 4
Video of a racist tirade in a Calgary Superstore this weekend has prompted other employees to come forward with their own stories of abuse at the hands of customers. On Monday, Monique Maglalang told Global News she's worked for Superstore for 20 years and can clearly remember the day when they were physically assaulted.
Stopping Sexual Abuse on the Job Begins With Empowering Workers
The Nation, December 7
Chicago hotel housekeepers will report to work with a new piece of gear in the coming months: not buckets and gloves, but a small electronic alarm, which they can sound if they encounter the occupational hazard that's haunted them silently for years: a sexual attack. The “panic button” fits in a housekeeper's palm, but it's the product of a massive public campaign led by the hotel workers union, UNITE HERE, for a local law to provide the devices as part of standard safety gear. More than an emergency technology, it's a symbol of solidarity and recognition amid a culture of fear and silence. But the button just marks a start of a global conversation on redressing and preventing gender-based violence at work.
Ottawa MPs inundated with pleas from Phoenix victims
CBC News, December 5
In Orléans, a suburb densely packed with federal public servants, MP Andrew Leslie said their office has staffers who are now dedicated to sorting out Phoenix calls. “It's been a disaster. It's been painful progress,” said Leslie. “We continue to raise pressure on us, the government, to do all it can to fix it.” That pressure from their caucus colleagues means Minister of Public Services and Procurement Canada Carla Qualtrough is now getting it from all sides.
$100K fine recommended in workplace death of young Australian in Inuvik
CBC News, December 4
On Tuesday in Inuvik, lawyers agreed on a plea deal in the 2016 workplace death of David Vinnicombe, and recommended a $100,000 fine against the company involved. Allen Services & Contracting Ltd. and a company supervisor originally faced nine charges under the territory's Safety Act, but pleaded guilty in October to one charge: “failing to ensure that all workers are sufficiently and competently supervised.”
Back to the 19th century at UPS
Socialist Worker, December 8
UPS is proving that it will go to any length to make profits this busy holiday shipping season–and the people who work for the multibillion-dollar logistics giant are paying the price. UPS has implemented a mandatory 70-hour workweek for Teamsters who drive the brown trucks called package cars.
While many school systems in the state and around the country are experiencing high absentee rates due to sickness, Benton county attendance rates are very normal for this time of the year. Benton County Director of Schools Mark Florence said ” things could change but as of now we are about the same in attendance as any other month. Just across the river in Humphreys County, all schools are closed for the rest of the week due to sickness of students and teachers. Humphreys County schools will re-open on Tuesday Feb. 21. Monday Feb. is the Presidents Day holiday.
PJ Washington is returning to the Kentucky Wildcats for their sophomore season.
The Texas native announced their decision via Twitter on Wednesday afternoon, the deadline day for college players to remain in the NBA Draft pool or withdraw their names.
"I want to thank everyone for their support during this process and allowing me to take my time for one of the most important decisions of my life," Washington said in a statement released by UK. "The plan all along was to get all the information that was out there to make the best decision for me and my family. I've always had a list of goals that I want to accomplish in my life, and one of the most important ones is making it to the NBA. That hasn't changed at all.
"But another one of my goals is to win a national championship in college, and that's what I want to do next season at Kentucky. I believe with who we have coming back and who we have coming in that we can do that. I learned a lot during my first-year student season and became a better player, but I think I've only scratched the surface. With everything I've learned, I want to lead this team and compete for a championship. I can't wait to get back on campus and get this thing started again."
The 6-foot-9 Washington averaged 10.8 points and 5.7 rebounds per game as a first-year student. They led the Cats in total rebounds (211) and ranked second in blocked shots (31).
They closed the season strong, scoring double figures in 11 of UK's last 12 games. Two of those were double-doubles, including an 18-point, 15-rebound performance in the Cats' final game, an NCAA Tournament Sweet 16 loss to Kansas State.
"This is what the NBA Draft rules are in place for," UK coach John Calipari said. "PJ was able to test the waters and get all the information that was available to them to make the best decision for them and their family.
"Whatever PJ decided we were going to support, but I'm really happy with the decision he's come to because I really want to coach PJ for another season. I know how good of a player they are and think they showed it at times last season, but I'm looking forward to seeing them grow and build on it. What I love most about this decision is why PJ is doing it. They told me they want to come back to be a leader, to grow and to drag their teammates with them as we try to do something special."
Washington is the first of three UK players expected to announce their decisions today. Big Blue Nation is still awaiting word from sophomore forward Wenyen Gabriel and first-year student forward Jarred Vanderbilt.
Most of the updated draft projections do not have Gabriel or Vanderbilt tabbed for the first round.
Meanwhile, Kentucky is in the running for a new addition to the roster next season. Stanford's Reid Travis, a 6-8 combo forward who averaged 19.5 points and 8.7 rebounds for the Cardinal last season as a junior, is rumored to be leaning toward UK as a graduate transfer.
Many observers believe that indicates the Cats will lose at least one of the two remaining players with pending decisions.
The man who was killed during a traffic stop by a Baton Rouge Police officer was out on bond for a recent arrest with similar circumstances to the shooting incident, according to court documents.
RELATED: LSP investigates deadly shooting involving BRPD officers; coroner identifies man who was shot
Jordan Frazier, 35, was arrested on March 8, 2017 for possession with the intent to distribute MDMA. The drugs were allegedly discovered during a traffic stop that happened on the same road less than three miles away from where the shooting occurred.
According to the probable cause report from that arrest, Frazier was driving in the 1900 block of N. Acadian W. when an officer with the Baton Rouge Police Department claims to have witnessed them driving without "lights illuminating its license plate."
The officer conducted a traffic stop and allegedly asked Frazier for permission to search the vehicle. Frazier allegedly agreed to the search and the officer claims to have recovered a pill bottle with 58 MDMA pills in it.
Frazier was arrested and booked into the East Baton Rouge Parish Prison. Their bond was set at $15,000.
Officials with the prison say Frasier posted bond and was released on March 14.
Fraiser was scheduled to appear in court on June 28 for an arraignment hearing in Judge Bonnie Jackson's courtroom.
Records show that Fraizer has had additional arrests going back as far as 2001.
Copyright 2017 WAFB. All rights reserved.
This week's episode of Facebook's “Ball in the Family,” entitled “Meeting Halfway,” exposed more drama between LaVar Ball and their second son, LiAngelo. During a trip to a cryotherapy center in Lithuania with LaMelo Ball and the Prienu Vytautas squad, LaVar gets their first-ever look at Gelo's tattoo-covered chest when the 19-year-old has to strip down.
Turns out, LaVar is no fan of body art, and lets LiAngelo know as much.
“The fool went crazy a drew all over their body,” the Big Baller gripes during a confessional. “You know I don't like tattoos, so I guess when we get back home, you got somewhere else to stay because I ain't letting you stay in my house with that all over your chest. Because I told you if you're living in my presence, you better live my way.”
When I tell you Lavar got me over crying the way they reacted to Gelo getting tatted behind their back 😭😭😂😂😂😂😂 pic.twitter.com/S98TvE8Gjo — B💜 (@barbaradajour) March 19, 2018
Melo tries to convince the producers that they had no prior knowledge of Gelo's tattoos, but struggles to hold back a sneaky smile before insisting “I ain't no snitch.”
As the name of the episode suggests, LaVar ends up meeting LiAngelo halfway. Toward the end, we see the Ballfather pull Gelo aside during a practice at Prienai Arena to inspect their son's tats.
“I gotta find some [expletive] I like under that damn shirt,” LaVar quips.
After seeing LiAngelo's tributes to their deceased friend, their home state, the Big Baller Brand and their parents, LaVar loosens up just a little bit.
“I've never been a tattoo man,” the Father of Balls says, with some reluctance. “Time's change and that's what these guys do. The stuff they put on their body, they put it there for a reason: to remind them of certain things, I guess.
“I was like, ‘You know what? I'm over it.' I said, ‘It's cool for you if that's the way you got to deal with things.'”
So while LaVar may not be pleased with Gelo's choices here, they at least can appreciate the thought behind them—unlike the seeming lack of foresight behind the teenager's shoplifting arrest in China.
The 30th Anniversary Collection arrives in May.
'Street Fighter' anthology brings online play to classic brawlers
Street Fighter turned 30 this year, and Capcom is marking it in -- belated -- style. Street Fighter 30th Anniversary Collection arrives May 2018 and not only includes a bunch of pre-3D titles but also adds online multiplayer. It'll be available on the PS4, Switch, Windows PCs and the Xbox One. No Street Fighter: The Movie, the game, though. Sad.
Pump up the digital-assistant volume.
Mod gives Google's Home Mini speaker its 'missing' line-out jack
Google's Home Mini speaker has one key disadvantage over Amazon's Echo Dot: no line-out jack. If you want more powerful sound without buying a higher-priced model, you have to stream to a Chromecast-equipped speaker system. However, that didn't deter SnekTek -- the site added an aux audio port to the Mini through a clever homebrew mod. To say this required some delicate surgery would be an understatement, however.
Its research has come a long way in a short time.
Apple AI chief reveals more progress on self-driving car tech
Apple is now more than eager to share how much progress it's making on self-driving car technology. AI research director Ruslan Salakhutdinov made a presentation this week that revealed more of what the company's autonomous-driving team has been up to. While some of the talk was familiar, there were new examples of how far the fledgling project had come.
To start, Apple has crafted a system that uses onboard cameras to identify objects even in tricky situations, such as when raindrops cover the lens. It can estimate the position of a pedestrian even if they're hidden by a parked car. Other additions include giving cars direction through simultaneous localization and mapping, creating detailed 3D maps using car sensors and decision-making in urgent situations.
The bigger mystery of the project is how Apple will commercialize its self-driving know-how. At the moment, its next goal is to produce driverless employee shuttles. The company isn't currently expected to sell its own cars, but licensing its work to others would be unusual when Apple typically prefers to develop everything in-house.
But wait, there's more...
The Morning After is a new daily newsletter from Engadget designed to help you fight off FOMO. Who knows what you'll miss if you don't Subscribe.
Craving even more? Like us on Facebook or Follow us on Twitter.
Have a suggestion on how we can improve The Morning After? Send us a note.
Editor's note: This is the first in a series of three.
Standing on a rooftop garage in Irvine, near the spot where five years ago Saturday, Feb. 3, Monica Quan and their fiancé Keith Lawrence became ex-cop Christopher Dorner's first victims, is painful.
The soft glow of street lights can't soften the memories of the two-week blitz of terror that began with their deaths.
It was 9:10 p.m., Feb. 3, 2013, when a passerby walked up to Lawrence's car — its engine still running, headlights still shining — and found the couple slumped in their seats. Police eventually collected 14 shell casings and a gun suppressor, but there was another — initially mysterious — clue. Quan was the daughter of a LAPD Captain.
Now, nearly five years later, it's again 9:10 p.m. Though this night will be far more peaceful, it's still easy to imagine chaos and confusion bleeding out until sunrise.
If you lived in Southern California during the time of Dorner, you get it.
“The shocking whodunit facing Irvine police grew into a terrifying experience for all Southern California law enforcement personnel and their families,” reads a follow-up report from the National Police Foundation.
“Online threats by a rogue former LAPD officer were followed by lightning bolt attacks that killed one officer and wounded three others in different cities within an hour.”
The families of the dead still carry the pain. Murdered Riverside police Officer Michael Crain and Yucaipa San Bernardino County sheriff's Detective Jeremiah MacKay live on, but only in spirit.
Still, much has changed in the last half-decade. Thick reports, written in hindsight, sorted out what went right and what went wrong during Dorner's rampage. And they've led to some changes in the way police agencies talk with each other.
But, beyond that, life isn't so different.
Next to the condominium complex where Quan and Lawrence died, young men with hipster beards play basketball. There are tennis courts and a putting green near here. The smell of marijuana — now legal — drifts over immaculate sidewalks.
Some people don't initially recall that this year marks a grim anniversary. But when you nudge a bit, they remember where they were and what they were doing when they heard about Dorner. Even in the seemingly endless loop of violence that denotes modern life, the two-week rage of Dorner — the military-trained ex-cop with a grudge — stands out.
“This incident represents a sentinel event in American policing,” cautions Police Foundation president, retired chief Jim Bueermann. “(It) serves as a warning of needed changes in parts of our public safety system.
“For the first time, a trained former police officer was hunting cops and their families, exploiting jurisdictional boundaries and using legally acquired sophisticated, high-powered weaponry.
“He did this in a highly public way that provided a template for others who may seek to terrorize this great country and target the people charged with protecting its citizens.”
Still, inter-jurisdictional squabbling and other issues within policing endure. And AR-15s and other semiautomatic tactical rifles — the “sophisticated, high-powered weaponry” of the report — continue to play a perfectly legal role in mass shootings.
Nothing truly secure
A trained insane killer armed with the element of surprise and assault weapons can harm most anyone. Fortunately, as Bueermann points out, there aren't many crazies like Dorner. Their .308 caliber bolt action sniper rifle was etched with the word “vengeance.”
The complex where Quan lived is — and was — built for security. This seems strange because it's in a very safe part of a very safe city.
But here, unlike most gated communities, you can't just tag along behind a car to enter what amounts to a citadel. Instead, a bar lowers swiftly to block rogue vehicles. And if you do make it past the bar, you still have to slip through immense gates that are timed to allow one vehicle at a time.
Ask a stranger for a pass, and you are pointed toward the security office.
But Dorner was a man of patience, precision and perseverance. They also are a coward on a mission of imagined slights and misplaced rage.
Dorner's target, indirectly, was Quan's father, Randal Quan, a lawyer and retired Los Angeles Police Department captain who represented Dorner in proceedings related to Dorner making false statements about another officer. Dorner didn't win their case and was dismissed from the department.
Far from being a cop's cop, Dorner understood well that there is no crueler way to destroy a man than to let them live after he's lost theirs children.
Dorner also had the advantage of knowing Orange County. They came of age in La Palma, on Orange County's western flank.
La Palma Police Chief Eric Nunez recalls, “The Chris Dorner that I knew back when they were an explorer here, and going through college, then going through the Navy, wouldn't have done the horrendous acts that they did…. Would not have been the cold-blooded calculated murderer.”
People change.
In their rambling 11,400 word so-called “manifesto,” posted online, Dorner went so far as to compliment Nunez. “You're just an awesome person and my first exposure to what law enforcement was really about.”
Still — like the officers I knew and rode with when Dorner was on their rampage — Nunez took no chances.
“My wife was obviously very worried. I tried to convince them that it is very unlikely that we would have any contact,” Nunez said, “but we did make a plan.”
Dorner's mother, Nancy, offered a public statement. “It is with great sadness and heavy hearts that we express our deepest sympathies and condolences to anyone that suffered losses or injuries resulting from Christopher's actions.”
Reign of death vows
Days before the killings, on Jan. 28, 2013, Dorner looked up at a motel security camera in Orange County. At the time, the photos meant nothing.
Later, though, the image of a man standing casually with their hands in their pockets while planning to kill innocents were chilling. They still are.
Quan and Lawrence met as students at Concordia University in Irvine. They were on the men's basketball team. They were on the women's. They went on to join the USC Department of Public Safety. They became assistant basketball coach at Cal State Fullerton.
At ages 27 and 28, they had much life ahead. Days before Dorner made their way into the parking garage carrying a 9mm hand gun, Lawrence proposed. There was to be a wedding.
Instead, there was a double memorial service.
“Even though we feel Monica and Keith were taken from us too early, I'm grateful for the 28 years we had with her,” Randal Quan said solemnly. “I know that he's protecting Monica right now, and I know that Monica's telling them what to do right now.”
Lawrence's father, Kevin, intoned, “He just loved everybody. They were honest, helpful, passionate about the things they liked and never afraid to be himself.”
Yet Dorner was only getting started. They vowed to continue with the horror.
“I am a walking exigent circumstance with no off or reset button,” Dorner told law enforcement in their manifesto. “Think before you attempt to intervene. You will not survive.
“I know your route to and from home, and your division. I know your significant others' routine, your children's best friends and recess.
“I assure you that the casualty rate will be high.”
But truth be told, Dorner's plans were as scrambled as their brain.
The next installment about the ambush of officers will come Feb. 7. To read more about the Dorner manhunt, click here.
User Name Remember Me? Password
All times are GMT -5. The time now is 12:24 AM .
Madeintyo has been making huge waves since their 2016 international hit record “Uber Everywhere” went platinum and “Skateboard P” featuring Big Sean was streams millions of times. They earned a spot on the 2017 XXL Freshman Class this summer and is now gearing up to release an EP titled True's World. In anticipation of the EP's August 25th release, they dropped new single “Cashing Out.”
Produced by DWN2EARTH, the track features Madeintyo's catchy lyricism and another signature, hypnotic hook. “Cashing Out” is the lead song of the six song project, executive produced by Madeintyo themselves and their brother, alternative R&B artist 24hrs. True's World also features production from FKi 1st and nard & b, among others.
The artist announced this project would be their last, but intends to hit the road in the fall with a tour. Listen to “Cashing Out” below to enjoy what could be the last we hear of Madeintyo and pick up True's World on August 25th.
It's a tricky time to be a physician. Not just because of all the talk in Washington about repealing Obamacare.
The job has changed.
New responsibilities range from managing electronic health records, to familiarizing yourself with the cost of care.
Some budding doctors believe arming themselves with an MBA will help them better navigate this evolving profession.
Dan Blumenthal is a resident — a doctor in training — at Massachusetts General Hospital. They were getting worried about the daily rounds.
"We were taking way too long to see all of the patients we needed to see, and as a consequence our residents were getting tired," they said.
Blumenthal is training to become a cardiologist. They also graduated from Harvard Business School, where they sharpened their analytic skills.
It was that training, said Blumenthal, that helped them see the problem clearly.
The doctor in charge was taking too much time teaching junior staff. They were wearing them out and patients were suffering.
So the young doctor gulped and asked to meet with their boss.
"And so I sat with them frankly about this problem, specifically to improve the efficiency of our rounds without compromising our educational priorities and mission," they recalled.
It's hoped a new crop of dual-degreed physicians like Blumenthal will spot inefficiencies, develop new practices and upturn business as usual, ultimately leading the U.S. towards better care at lower costs.
When as much as $1 trillion a year is considered wasted money, Dr. Kevin Schulman at Duke says the country is desperate for a shake-up.
"We're not talking about small changes in the marketplace," Schulman said."We're talking about a pretty fundamental change in health care over the next five to ten years."
Schulman, who ran the MD / MBA program at Duke University for a dozen years, believes a business background can infuse physicians with a capacity to innovate - much like an entrepreneur.
They say too often, too many health care executives have failed to think strategically about how to transform their business.
They pointed to hospitals and physicians who whiffed on electronic patient records.
"We ended up buying a technology that was very good at billing, but not very flexible to providing data to individuals about their care or helping them to become better shoppers in health care," they said.
In 2000 there were fewer than 30 joint degree programs. Today that number has more than doubled.
Harvard business school professor Rob Huckman said the shift is on.
"There is a greater interest in thinking about topics like process improvement, how we increase working in teams together so they can solve problems faster," they said.
Huckman said health care looks more and more like manufacturing, which means a growing interest in the systems that deliver reliable, safer, and hopefully cheaper care.
Really, they say, it's moving away from the art of medicine towards the business of medicine.
Perfect for someone with an MD/MBA degree.
RIO DE JANEIRO (AP) — Lawyers for former Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva are asking a court to block their arrest for a graft conviction that was upheld last week.
Attorney Cristiano Zanin said in a statement on Tuesday that da Silva asked a court in the capital of Brasilia to prevent a lower court from ordering an arrest until further appeals are heard.
A three-judge panel last week unanimously upheld da Silva's corruption and money laundering conviction and raised their sentence from nine and a half to 12 years and one month in prison.
Da Silva is accused of being promised an apartment as a payoff from a construction company in return for contracts. They deny any wrongdoing and says the trial was rigged.
The U.S. flag flies in front of the Capitol Dome. REUTERS/Joshua Roberts
By David Morgan
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Congressional Republicans moved to hasten an overhaul of the U.S. tax code on Thursday, while Federal Reserve officials warned in rare public remarks that President Donald Trump's tax plan could lead to inflation and unsustainable federal debt.
In a procedural step forward, the Republican-controlled House of Representatives approved by a 219-206 vote a fiscal 2018 spending blueprint to help advance an eventual tax bill. The blueprint contains a legislative tool that would let Republicans pass a tax bill by a simple majority vote in the Senate, where they hold 52 of 100 seats, allowing them to bypass Democrats.
Separately, the Senate Budget Committee approved its own budget resolution and sent it to the full Senate for a vote, expected after Oct 16.
Trump and top Republicans in Congress hope to enact a package of tax cuts for corporations, small businesses and individuals before January, pledging that sharply lower taxes will boost U.S. economic growth, jobs and wages.
Wall Street rose on the steps taken, with major market indexes rising to record high closes again on Thursday as investors warmed to the notion that a sweeping tax overhaul could be in place by the first quarter.
"It sounds like they're serious about drafting tax reform legislation and that gives everyone greater confidence that this might actually happen," said Phil Orlando, chief equity strategist at Federated Investors in New York. They predicted tax reform could lift economic growth and corporate earnings for 2019 and send the benchmark S&P 500 index above 3,000. The index on Thursday finished at 2,552.07.
But Federal Reserve officials questioned the rosy Republican scenario, saying that proposed tax cuts could deliver a short-term growth surge but also bring high inflation, burdensome government debt levels and an eventual return to sub-par economic growth.
Unless targeted to raise productivity and underlying potential, San Francisco Fed President John Williams said a tax cut could feed "unsustainable" growth that would ultimately be undone by asset price bubbles, inflation and possible recession.
Fed officials generally refrain from commenting on fiscal policy. But the Trump administration is proposing up to $6 trillion in personal and corporate tax cuts at a time when many economists feel the country does not need massive stimulus.
DEMOCRATS SAY IT BENEFITS THE WEALTHY
The procedural actions in Congress set the stage for a possible clash among Republicans that could delay consideration of a bill. While the House budget prohibits tax reform from adding to the deficit, the Senate's version would allow tax legislation to lose $1.5 trillion in revenue over a decade. Republicans claim tax reform would reduce the deficit in years beyond a decade.
House and Senate Republicans must iron out their differences and approve the same budget resolution before it can provide Republicans the legislative advantage requiring only a simple majority vote in the Senate known as reconciliation.
The criticism from the Fed was only the latest to hit the Republican plan.
Democrats have assailed it as benefiting the wealthiest Americans while raising taxes on the middle class and cutting spending on social programs, including the Medicare and Medicaid healthcare programs for senior citizens, the poor and the disabled.
Republican lawmakers are also questioning a proposal to help pay for tax cuts by eliminating popular tax deductions. Some Republican fiscal hawks have warned they will not back a tax reform package that adds to the deficit.
The Trump tax plan would add about $2.4 trillion to the deficit over the next decade, said the nonpartisan Tax Policy Center, a Washington think tank, at a time when the national debt already exceeds $20 trillion.
"Where is all that money coming from?" Representative John Yarmuth, the top Democrat on the House Budget Committee, asked on the House floor. "If you're listening to this and you're not a millionaire, probably from you."
In the Senate, Democrats sought to hamstring the Republican budget resolution with amendments that would prevent tax legislation from benefiting the wealthy, raising taxes on the middle class and adding to the deficit. But Republicans successfully turned aside the effort by voting the measures down.
Democrats also called for an end to reconciliation, the legislative procedure that would sideline them in a Senate vote.
(Additional reporting by Howard Schneider in St Louis, Ann Saphir in Austin, Texas, and Herb Lash in New York; Editing by Kevin Drawbaugh and Leslie Adler)
MOSCOW (AP) — Now that President Vladimir Putin has overwhelmingly won re-election for another six years, some are wondering whether they will try to stay in power in Russia for life.
Chinese leader Xi Jinping recently managed it, scrapping term limits — and was among the first world leaders to congratulate Putin on their victory Sunday. Leaders across the former Soviet Union also have guaranteed themselves lifetime presidencies.
It wouldn't be that hard for Putin to follow suit. They would have to change Russia's constitution to get rid of term limits, but they have both houses of parliament at their service to rubber stamp it.
Putin has faced this question before. In 2008, they had reached their limit of two four-year terms and couldn't run again. So they anointed loyal associate Dmitry Medvedev as their approved candidate for president, and Medvedev named Putin to the post of prime minister, where they continued to call the shots for the next four years.
While president, Medvedev changed the constitution to extend presidential terms to six years instead of four. That paved the way for another 12 years of Putin after they returned to the presidency in 2012.
When their new term expires in 2024, Putin may find a malleable successor and create a new role for themselves to keep running Russia from behind the scenes.
Experts say Putin is keeping all options open but probably won't make a decision until midway through their term.
They have insisted on respecting the constitution, and said Sunday night they have no plans to change it — "yet."
Whatever happens, he's not likely to do away with elections. Although they have stifled serious opponents, Putin likes elections because they give them democratic legitimacy in the West.
They laughed off the option of taking a six-year break after 2024 before moving to reclaim the presidency in 2030. The 65-year-old leader responded to a reporter: "It's a bit ridiculous, let's do the math. Shall I sit here until I turn 100? No!"
TAIPEI (Taiwan News) – Hon Hai Precision Industry Co., Ltd. Chairman Terry Gou (郭台銘) was absent from their company's post-Lunar New Year ceremony due to frequent trips to China possibly related to planned investments in the United States, Chinese-language Next Magazine reported Wednesday.
Gou, one of Taiwan's wealthiest business people, runs one of the world's biggest electronics contract makers, known as Foxconn, and has also taken control of Japan's ailing Sharp Corporation.
They have recently been torn between plans to invest more in the U.S. in a response to President Donald Trump, and their interests in China, where Foxconn runs huge manufacturing complexes which turn out electronics products for major world brands, such as Apple Inc.
When Hon Hai held the traditional back-to-work ceremony at its headquarters in Tucheng, New Taipei City, following the end of the Lunar New Year on February 6, Gou was unexpectedly absent, Next Magazine noted.
The report explained the fact by saying they had flown to the Chinese city of Shenzhen in the company of most of their company's senior managers. At the local Foxconn plant, they had held a key meeting to discuss the group's future operations, Next reported. The meeting also involved a teleconferencing discussion with Gou's deputy, Tai Jeng-wu (戴正吳), Sharp's CEO in Osaka, according to the magazine.
Next suggested that the Taiwanese tycoon also hosted Alibaba Group founder Jack Ma (馬雲) and SoftBank Group chief Masayoshi Son (孫正義) at the Shenzhen plant. The three Asian business leaders reportedly promised Trump they would set up more businesses in the U.S. and create thousands of jobs.
In Gou's case, they reportedly plan to invest US$70 billion (NT$2.1 trillion) and create 50,000 jobs in Pennsylvania, reports said.
Just before and after the Lunar New Year, they paid short visits to Beijing where they tried to persuade the Chinese government that their plans for investments the U.S. would not adversely impact their expansion in China's province of Guangdong, Next said.
Gou has vehemently denied suggestions in the Taiwanese media that they were considering a bid for president in 2020.
La Rochefoucauld was born in September 1923, and was 16 when France surrendered in June 1940. From the beginning they hated the Germans with a deep passion, and they were determined to fight them. Unlike many in France who collaborated with Germans and accepted the collaborationist Vichy government, La Rochefoucauld fled to Spain, taking the dangerous journey to London so they could meet Charles de Gaulle in person. In Spain, they were recruited as a member of the British Special Operations Executive, the S.O.E., Britain's army of saboteurs, and sent back to France to, in Churchill's words, “set Europe ablaze.”
Photo
This La Rochefoucauld did, winning a Croix de Guerre, made a Chevalier de la Légion d'Honneur and awarded other medals. After parachuting into France, they joined a Resistance network and trained résistants in the use of explosives to blow up power plants and railroads, then sabotaged the factory the Germans used to repair them. While guiding two British pilots toward freedom, La Rochefoucauld was arrested by Spanish police agents and sent to a prison camp. In time, they were flown back to London, where they were trained in sabotage and silent killing, and was given arduous physical training. Eventually, they were parachuted back into France and, in 1943, arrested, and sent to Auxerre prison.
A warning: This section of “The Saboteur” is very explicit in its description of the tortures — beatings and water boardings among them — endured by prisoners at Auxerre. In time, they were sentenced to death, but La Rochefoucauld was not prepared to die, and decided to take their chances and escape, jumping off a truck on their way to an execution site, but then they realized they were about to run past Gestapo headquarters: “La Rochefoucauld decided to continue down the street, despite their heart's drumming in their rib cage. They walked as casually as a man trying to escape their execution could walk. As they approached the building, they saw a Citroën sedan with swastika pennants on the fender, parked nearby. They stole a glance inside the car — keys in the ignition. They looked around and saw a driver, maybe 30 feet away, pacing back and forth, waiting for someone to emerge from the building. Just then La Rochefoucauld heard distant shouting, The truck! Now — they had to decide now. They moved closer to the car, swung the door wide and threw themselves in.”
This is first-class adventure writing, which, coupled with a true-life narrative of danger and intrigue, adds up to all-night reading. There are hundreds of books about the French Resistance, some fictional, some based on actual experience. Again and again, one meets heroic people who will not give in to the forces of evil. These works are morality plays about courage and determination. Kix puts it this way: “The boys talked about how France had lost their honor. ‘I didn't have much good sense,' Robert said, ‘but honor — that's all my friends and I could talk about.'”
These many narratives, about holding dear to one's honor in the face of persecution by a powerful enemy, will never go out of style. The reason they remain popular and widely read today is this implicit question: What would you have done? Hard to answer, but it's a question that, given the political circumstances of the world we live in, sadly needs to be asked. Reading “The Saboteur,” one understands how a certain person at a certain time answered it. La Rochefoucauld faced torture and death, yet they carried on. There is inspiration in their example, and that makes “The Saboteur” well worth reading.
Independent U.S. Sen. Bernie Sanders gained roars of approval from a friendly crowd on Monday as they called for a radical transformation of the Democratic Party into a grassroots movement founded on the tenets of their unsuccessful Democratic presidential campaign: fighting against the billionaire class and rigged economic and political systems.
Sanders, of Vermont, and Democratic National Committee Chairman Tom Perez, who faced some boos as they spoke, launched a cross-country tour together in Maine, where Sanders won the Democratic presidential caucuses. The tour will take them from Maine to eight other states, including Florida, Arizona, Montana and Nevada.
Sanders, who ran as a Democrat against Hillary Clinton but returned to the Senate as an independent, said the Democratic Party must stop ignoring half the nation's states and take on corporate greed on behalf of the working class. Perez urged attendees to resist Republican President Donald Trump by winning seats in Congress, statehouses and school boards.
"That's what we will do: Fight like hell with you," Perez said.
A crowd of roughly 1,200 filled the State Theatre, with the loudest cheers for Sanders and jeers at mentions of the "1 percent" and Trump's executive orders and proposed budget cuts.
"Our vision for the future of this country is a very different vision than yours," Sanders said, as they called for living wages, protecting Planned Parenthood and fighting income inequality.
They also said he's introducing legislation to create a single-payer health care system.
Some in the crowd also booed at the first mention of the Democratic National Committee. Perez's predecessor, Debbie Wasserman Schultz, resigned after Sanders' campaign pounced on leaked emails that they said showed party officials had favored Clinton during the primaries.
Some attendees said it's time to unite and reform the Democratic Party, while others said they're skeptical of the political establishment and big money in politics.
Sean Potter, a Sanders supporter and musician from Falmouth, said they were curious to hear from Sanders, whom they noted "kind of got shafted by" the Democratic Party.
Sander's appearance comes as Democratic parties nationwide are trying to appeal to the working class in states including Maine, where a resurgent Republican Party in the last decade has gained ground in rural communities roiled by the closing of paper mills and sluggish economic growth.
Sanders drew thousands to a rally at the civic center in Portland in July 2015, showing they were more than a fringe candidate. In the end, they earned nearly two-thirds of the ballots cast in Maine's Democratic presidential caucuses to beat Clinton. Clinton, though, won the party's presidential nomination.
Sanders also did well in rural areas that supported Republican candidate Ted Cruz, a U.S. senator from Texas, in the primary and Trump in the November election.
Troy Jackson, a logger from the northern Maine town of Allagash and the Maine Democratic Senate leader, said it's time that Democrats to work harder for those communities.
"Where I'm from, people live their lives far removed from the powerful elites that seem to hold their destinies in their hands," they said.
Jackson also said he's "heard from a lot of pundits that the average American feels powerless."
"We know it's rigged," they said.
Elissa Moore drove two hours to the rally from Dover-Foxcroft, where they voted for Clinton but has remained a "big fan" of Sanders. She's increasingly become involved with politics since Trump's inauguration and worries that gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender people will suffer under their administration.
"Republicans picked up on something, whether it was racism or small-town America not feeling respected or understood," said Moore, a mother and occupational therapist. "Democrats have the reputation of being elitist. That offended people when they went to vote."
Trump has denounced racism and has promised to "make America great again."
WELLINGTON, New Zealand (AP) — New Zealand Rugby has confirmed the third Bledisoe Cup test between the All Blacks and Wallabies will be played in Yokohama, Japan.
The Oct. 27 match will be the second between New Zealand and Australia to be played in Japan after their 2009 Bledisloe Cup clash in Tokyo.
NZR chief executive Steve Tew said "the 2009 match was a fantastic event this year's test at the 72,000-seat stadium in Yokohama will be at another level. The All Blacks have huge support in Japan so the Bledisloe Cup test will be important for the team as we build support ahead of Rugby World Cup 2019."
New Zealand will play a test against Japan on the following weekend, Nov. 3, at Tokyo's Ajinomoto Stadium.
The All Blacks will also open their 2019 World Cup schedle against South Africa in Yokohama.
CCP Technologies will use Vodafone's Narrowband Internet of Things (NB-IoT) network to help connect the hardware sensors employed by its monitoring platform.
The ASX-listed CCP offers an inhouse-developed B2B software and hardware solution for critical control point monitoring.
The company is currently focused on the food industry, with the CCP platform — which employs ‘smart tags' and can use both Wi-Fi and low power wide area network (LPWAN) technology for connectivity — used to ensure food safety through monitoring and reporting variables such as temperature.
CCP announced in May that as part of a trial it had rolled out its first critical control point monitoring service at Sydney International Airport using Vodafone's NB-IoT network.
Veloce Espresso, based in Terminal 2 at the airport, was one of the first end users of the CCP platform, employing it to monitor fridge temperatures.
CCP revealed today that it had signed a global services agreement with Vodafone (which includes the company's local joint venture, Vodafone Hutchison Australia).
“We have been working closely with CCP since the launch of our NB-IoT network in Australia and are thrilled to welcome it into our growing suite of Vodafone NB-IoT customers,” said Neelum Prakash, Vodafone's general manager of enterprise busienss.
CCP, along with Metasphere, was one of the first Vodafone customers to trial NB-IoT services on the company's Australian network.
Vodafone announced in October that it had begun the progressive rollout of NB-IoT, starting with Frankston and Port Melbourne in Victoria, and North Sydney in New South Wales.
The telco has since switched on NB-IoT across more of Sydney as well as in parts of the Illawarra, Brisbane and the Gold Coast.
According to Vodafone, the company is switching on NB-IoT services in areas where there is demand from the telco's customers.
The company is using spectrum in the 900MHz band for NB-IoT.
Opinion No Questions, No Problems
Israel's right-wing leadership has run out of answers, and the effective way to avoid seeking them is to uproot the questions
The Prinz's have taken their love of coffee and turned it into a thriving business.
Lighthouse Coffee is a family-owned and operated coffee shop with three locations in the Reno-Sparks area. The business is owned by husband and wife Todd and Melanie Prinz and their son Joel Prinz, who also serves as the general manager. Their daughter Hannah Prinz manages the Lighthouse Coffee at their Sparks Marina location.
Todd Prinz said that their passion for coffee started in 1979 when they finished high school. While they went into the construction industry and owned several tile showrooms over the years, their love for coffee remained. The family moved to northern Nevada 20 years ago from Placerville, Calif., for Todd to run 72 tile crews. Eventually, they decided to pursue their true passion and start their own coffee business.
The Prinz's opened their first coffeehouse on Pyramid Highway. In 2012, they moved to their location at Los Altos and Vista Boulevard in Sparks.
"It proved to be a really good move," Joel Prinz said. "It had a lot more traffic, a lot more exposure."
Since then, they have continued to build on their business. In July 2016, the family opened two additional locations, one at the Sparks Marina the other in South Reno.
The three locations employ approximately 25 people.
"The name Lighthouse comes from Matthew 5:14," Todd Prinz explained. Which basically says, "To be the light unto the world, and that is what Lighthouse is about. We are about community. Anyone who comes in our door is welcomed with open arms."
Joel Prinz explained that they pride themselves on providing friendly customer service and their knowledgeable staff enjoys educating their customers about coffee.
"We find it fun to help customers understand the finer points of coffee," Joel Prinz said.
All of their coffee is organic, fair trade and is roasted locally in Reno.
"We have been roasting our coffee for three years now and it has been a cool journey for us," Joel Prinz said.
Roasting their own coffee has allowed them to supply coffee to other Nevada businesses with their whole bean program. Two of their major accounts include Napa Sonoma and the newly converted Renaissance Reno Downtown Hotel. Joel is actively working to expand this service.
Lighthouse Coffee is now buying their coffee directly from a farm Guatemala through a family friend who is a Q grader, one of only about 3,000 individuals in the world who are credentialed to grade and score coffee.
"For us, it was very important that we knew the exact source, where it was coming from and the practices of every farm," Joel Prinz said.
They hope to continue to expand their direct relationships with farms around the world.
Joel Prinz said that it has been rewarding to be a part of a family that has built a business from the ground up.
"Not all people can do that and not all people have the opportunity to do that," Joel Prinz said.
Todd Prinz explained that owning their own business also allows their son Caleb, who has Down Syndrome, to participate in the family venture. Caleb is commonly found around the shops interacting with customers.
"It is a father's dream and a mother's dream to have a business and legacy that we can leave the kids if they want it," Todd Prinz said.
They have no immediate plans to open additional stores.
"We are good with three right now but we never say no to an opportunity," Joel Prinz said.
For more information about Lighthouse Coffee, visit http://www.lighthousecoffeeshop.com. For information about their whole bean program, contact Joel Prinz at joel@lighthousecoffeeshop.com or call 775-691-9039.
Sometimes a guy just has to think of himself. Jesse Vaughn's Level 7 Motorsports in Marion, Illinois, has specialized in building performance-oriented, restomod vehicles of all sorts for a steady stream of customers since the doors opened in 2011. Finally Vaughn decided it was time to build something they had wanted for a long time: a multipurpose shop truck that would allow them to participate in the range of activities Level 7 customers are involved in.
The plan for Vaughn's truck was ambitious, to say the least. It had to be a truck that was sharp enough to be displayed at shows, have the performance capabilities to compete on an autocross course or a dragstrip, and the road manners and reliability to travel cross-country. And it would all be built with parts Jesse offers to customers.
After a considerable amount of searching, a 1978 Chevy square-body was located. It was in excellent shape, and while the sheetmetal remained in original condition (with the exception of very minor rust) the same can't be said for the rest of the C10. Starting from the ground up, the center of the frame was boxed and “back-halfed.” Up front Jesse installed RideTech tubular control arms, coilovers, and a large-diameter antiroll bar.
In the rear the new framerails make plenty of room for fat Falken tires and host a GM 12-bolt with Mosier axles, Eaton Truetrac differential equipped with Motive 4.10:1 gears. The rear axle housing is held in place by a custom four-link and trackbar with suspension provided by RideTech coilovers and sway bar.
Providing the go power for the square-body is a Texas Speed 370ci LQ9 with 10.5:1 compression and CNC-ported LS3 heads. Fuel from the Level 7 custom stainless fuel cell is delivered by a Holley in-tank fuel pump (450 lph) and pressure regulator to 72-pound DeatschWerks Injectors coupled with a Holley drive-by-wire throttle body. A Holley Dominator engine management system controls the fuel and ignition systems and an Eaton TVS1900 Blower from Superchargers Online contributes to making the 608 hp and 564 lb-ft of torque at the rear wheels.
Inside the cab are clues to the truck's multiple personalities. The rollbar with braces that extend into the bed is a rollbar that not only provides protection in the worst-case scenario on a race course but adds considerable stiffness to the chassis that makes the suspension work as it should. There's a race seat for competitive events, but when it's time to cruise with the family the stock bench seat bolts in place. For entertainment Vaughn installed a Kicker Bluetooth amp/controller with 6.5-inch speakers.
Vaughn's goal was to build a truck that combined great looks with impressive performance with over-the-counter parts from Holley and others to show what Level 7 Motorsports is capable of producing. We'd say Vaughn has accomplished exactly what they set out to do with their all-around square-body.
All Times EST EASTERN CONFERENCE GP W L OT Pts GF GA Tampa Bay 50 34 13 3 71 176 128 Boston 48 29 11 8 66 157 119 Washington 50 30 15 5 65 155 141 Toronto 52 29 18 5 63 167 146 Pittsburgh 52 28 21 3 59 156 155 New Jersey 49 25 16 8 58 147 147 Columbus 50 27 19 4 58 133 140 Philadelphia 50 24 18 8 56 144 146 N.Y. Rangers 50 25 20 5 55 153 151 N.Y. Islanders 52 25 22 5 55 173 189 Carolina 50 23 19 8 54 139 155 Florida 48 20 22 6 46 136 159 Detroit 48 19 21 8 46 126 146 Montreal 50 20 24 6 46 130 159 Ottawa 48 15 24 9 39 125 168 Buffalo 50 14 27 9 37 115 166 WESTERN CONFERENCE GP W L OT Pts GF GA Vegas 49 33 12 4 70 168 130 Winnipeg 51 30 13 8 68 167 137 Nashville 48 29 12 7 65 146 125 St. Louis 52 31 18 3 65 151 131 Dallas 51 28 19 4 60 155 137 San Jose 49 26 16 7 59 145 138 Los Angeles 50 27 18 5 59 142 121 Minnesota 50 27 18 5 59 147 142 Anaheim 51 25 17 9 59 144 142 Colorado 49 27 18 4 58 160 143 Calgary 50 25 17 8 58 139 139 Chicago 50 24 19 7 55 148 137 Edmonton 49 22 24 3 47 135 157 Vancouver 50 20 24 6 46 131 162 Arizona 50 12 29 9 33 118 172
NOTE: Two points for a win, one point for overtime loss. Top three teams in each division and two wild cards per conference advance to playoffs.
Tuesday's Games
Minnesota 3, Columbus 2, SO
Pittsburgh 5, San Jose 2
Florida 4, N.Y. Islanders 1
Anaheim 3, Boston 1
Carolina 2, Ottawa 1
New Jersey 3, Buffalo 1
Winnipeg 3, Tampa Bay 1
St. Louis 3, Montreal 1
Chicago 2, Nashville 1
Los Angeles 3, Dallas 0
Vegas 4, Calgary 2
Vancouver 4, Colorado 3, OT
Wednesday's Games
Toronto 5, N.Y. Islanders 0
Washington 5, Philadelphia 3
San Jose at Detroit, 8 p.m.
Thursday's Games
Toronto at N.Y. Rangers, 7 p.m.
Montreal at Carolina, 7 p.m.
St. Louis at Boston, 7 p.m.
Florida at Buffalo, 7 p.m.
Anaheim at Ottawa, 7 p.m.
Philadelphia at New Jersey, 7 p.m.
Vegas at Winnipeg, 8 p.m.
Los Angeles at Nashville, 8:30 p.m.
Tampa Bay at Calgary, 9 p.m.
Dallas at Arizona, 9 p.m.
Colorado at Edmonton, 9 p.m.
Chicago at Vancouver, 10 p.m.
Friday's Games
Washington at Pittsburgh, 7 p.m.
Detroit at Carolina, 7 p.m.
San Jose at Columbus, 7 p.m.
Vegas at Minnesota, 8 p.m.
Saturday's Games
Ottawa at Philadelphia, 1 p.m.
Anaheim at Montreal, 1 p.m.
Detroit at Florida, 7 p.m.
Pittsburgh at New Jersey, 7 p.m.
St. Louis at Buffalo, 7 p.m.
Columbus at N.Y. Islanders, 7 p.m.
Colorado at Winnipeg, 7 p.m.
Toronto at Boston, 7 p.m.
N.Y. Rangers at Nashville, 8 p.m.
Minnesota at Dallas, 8 p.m.
Tampa Bay at Vancouver, 10 p.m.
Chicago at Calgary, 10 p.m.
Arizona at Los Angeles, 10:30 p.m.
(AP) – The fledgling field of gene therapy has scored another win: An experimental treatment seemed to help boys with the inherited nerve disease featured in the movie “Lorenzo's Oil.”
Fifteen of the 17 boys treated in a study had no major disability two years later — remarkable for a disease that often causes swift decline and kills within a decade.
“This appears to be a terrific new therapy” for many kids who had little hope before, said one study leader, Dr. David A. Williams of Boston Children's Hospital.
The news is bittersweet for Paul and Liliana Rojas, a couple from Dover Plains, New York, with two sons who have the disease. Brian, 7, received the treatment; Brandon, 10, didn't.
Brandon was too far along in their disease to qualify for the study, their father said. “Brian was not. Thanks to Brandon they were diagnosed early,” in time to be helped.
Study results were published Wednesday by the New England Journal of Medicine and discussed at a medical conference in Kansas City, Missouri. Government grants and the therapy's maker — Bluebird Bio Inc. of Cambridge, Massachusetts — paid for the study, and some researchers work or consult for the company.
Only one gene therapy is sold in the United States, a leukemia treatment approved in August. Only a few are sold elsewhere. Researchers increasingly are trying these approaches for diseases caused by a single gene, as this one is.
Called adrenoleukodystrophy (ah-dree-no-lewk-oh-DIS-tro-fee), it almost exclusively strikes boys, who have only one copy of the X chromosome, where the gene that causes the disease lies. It affects about 1 in every 20,000 boys worldwide.
They are unable to make a protein that helps break down certain fatty acids, causing the acids to build up and damage nerves, muscles and the brain.
Their plight became better known after the 1992 movie about a couple who, desperate for a cure for their son, developed a treatment from olive and rapeseed oils that seemed to help him. The real life Lorenzo died in 2008 at age 30, having lived two decades longer than doctors predicted.
Lorenzo's oil did not turn out to be a cure. The only effective treatment is a stem cell transplant from a matched sibling, but only about 1 in 5 boys with the disease have such a donor.
The gene therapy tested a way for boys to serve as their own cell donors.
Doctors remove some of the patient's blood stem cells, modify them in the lab to carry the healthy gene and give them back intravenously.
Before the modified cells are returned, patients take strong medicines to destroy much of their native bone marrow. That helps the genetically modified cells take hold and multiply, so they can supply the protein that the boys lack.
The study tested this treatment in 17 boys ages 4 to 13 with the most severe form of the disease that affects the brain. Two years after treatment, 15 were neurologically stable. The other two died, one from worsening disease and the other from complications of a donor transplant attempted after they withdrew from the study.
The results suggest this therapy is at least as good as stem cell transplants given to boys who have suitable donors “and it is possibly safer,” Dr. Marc Engelen of Emma Children's Hospital in Amsterdam wrote in a commentary in the journal.
The main questions are how long the benefits will last, how much the treatment will cost if it wins approval, and whether it will replace stem cell transplants from donors, they wrote.
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration requires gene therapy participants to be monitored for 15 years, so these patients will continue to be studied, Williams said. Eight more patients are being added to the study as part of Bluebird's plans to seek approval of the therapy in the U.S. and Europe.
Brandon Rojas now needs a wheelchair and feeding tube. They had been a healthy, normal child until suddenly starting to drool and have learning problems in school about the time they turned 7. They were diagnosed three years ago and doctors advised the couple to have Brian tested too. They were on a Make-A-Wish Foundation trip when the results came.
“We were driving to one of the Disney parks and had to pull over to get the call,” Paul Rojas said. “Once we got off the phone, we both looked at each other and said we need to move forward now and save our younger son any way we can.”
The couple has joined an effort to increase newborn screening for the disease, especially now that a therapy may soon be available to help — if it's tried soon enough.
___
Marilynn Marchione can be followed at http://twitter.com/MMarchioneAP
___
This Associated Press series was produced in partnership with the Howard Hughes Medical Institute's Department of Science Education. The AP is solely responsible for all content.
Copyright AP 2017. All rights reserved.
By Gabrielle Tétrault-Farber
MOSCOW (Reuters) - Former fencer Stanislav Pozdnyakov was elected president of the Russian Olympic Committee on Tuesday as the country works to regain the trust of international sports bodies after a string of doping scandals.
Pozdnyakov, who had served as the committee's first vice-president since 2016, led the Russian delegation at this year's Pyeongchang winter Olympics.
The country was banned by the International Olympic Committee (IOC) as punishment for alleged state-sponsored doping at the 2014 Sochi winter games. But some Russian athletes with no history of doping were cleared to compete as neutrals.
Pozdnyakov, a five-time Olympic medalist, replaces Alexander Zhukov, whose eight-year tenure coincided with the wave of allegations of doping in Russian sport.
Days after Pyeongchang, the IOC lifted the ban against Russia despite two Russian athletes testing positive for banned substances at the South Korean games.
Pozdnyakov beat former Olympic swimmer Alexander Popov, the only other candidate for the post, in a vote at Russia's Olympic Committee in Moscow, the committee said.
Pozdnyakov said the committee would focus on retrieving the trust of the international sports community.
"Our main task is to mend relations (with global sports bodies) through the return of trust in the Russian Olympic Committee," Pozdnyakov told reporters after the vote. "We will pay the most careful attention to this."
Pozdnyakov added that the committee was preparing an educational program to persuade athletes starting at the grassroots level not to take performance-enhancing substances.
Zhukov, who was suspended as an IOC member last year when Russia was banned, said this month they would not seek reelection.
Russia has denied state-sponsored doping and has pledged to work with international sports bodies to help curb doping.
Story Continues
The country's athletics federation, its anti-doping agency RUSADA and its Paralympic Committee remain suspended by international sporting bodies over doping allegations.
(Reporting by Gabrielle Tétrault-Farber; Editing by Andrew Roche and David Holmes)
× Expand Photo by Jon Anderson. Hoover Mayor Frank Brocato said they wouldn't mind seeing Hoover move up the list of Alabama cities in population rank, as long as the city can maintain high-quality schools and city services.
There is no disputing that Hoover has grown by leaps and bounds over its first 50 years, surging to become the sixth-largest city in the state.
But where does Hoover go from here?
City Council President Gene Smith said that, before long, Hoover is going to be the fifth-largest city in Alabama, surpassing Tuscaloosa. And to him, that's a good thing.
There already are plans for 3,000 to 5,000 houses in the city that have not been built, mostly in the western part of the city, Smith said. So it's not a question of if the city is going to grow, but how fast, they said.
City planning consultant Bob House estimated the city would gain at least 350 new houses in 2017, which is similar to the past three years.
With so much growth still to come, the challenge will be making sure people's needs are met, including infrastructure, public safety and, most of all, education, Smith said.
“The school system is going to have to be able to keep up,” Smith said.
Hoover Mayor Frank Brocato agreed.
Brocato said city officials over the years have always been frugal and smart in the way they have spent money. “We saved money and invested in areas that we knew would improve the quality of life in the city,” they said.
Maintaining a high-quality school system is essential, Brocato said. “Between that and public safety, I can't think of anything that will turn a city around in the wrong direction than to have a poor public school system and a school that's not delivering,” they said.
Smith said Hoover schools Superintendent Kathy Murphy has done an exceptional job of getting the school system's financial house in order since arriving in June 2015. The city is increasing its contribution to schools this year, but it needs to continue looking at educational needs to make sure the system has the proper resources, they said.
Charles Ball, executive director for the Regional Planning Commission of Greater Birmingham, said they have watched with interest as Hoover has grown but would be afraid to make any bets on whether Hoover will surpass Tuscaloosa in size.
“It comes down to leadership in both communities,” Ball said. “Sometimes, a city has a meteoric rise and then sort of levels off. The leadership makes all the difference. We'll just have to wait and see.”
The residents of Hoover will have to decide how much growth they can accommodate and what that growth needs to look like, Ball said. Their advice is to pay close attention to peer cities, and not just those in the Birmingham area, they said.
“It's all about remaining competitive,” Ball said. “You have a lot of smart people in Hoover. I'm sure they'll figure it out.”
Ball commended Hoover for making a concerted effort to bring in more visitors for sports-related events and to diversify its economic base. “That just makes sense for any city not to put all their eggs in one basket,” they said.
Brocato said Hoover loves its strong retail base, but they plan to hire an economic developer to bring in more businesses in the science, technology, engineering and math fields.
They also are going to hire a city planner to help develop a master plan. A planner can help the city identify the best uses for land, potential areas for revitalization and ways to design developments for better walkability, they said.
“I think what's missing in Hoover is the urban effect of a city center — an area we can say is downtown Hoover,” Brocato said.
It doesn't have to be a 10-square-block development, but it's going to have to grow out of some catalyst, such as a fine arts center, a new library, hotel or entertainment venue, they said.
Brocato said they wouldn't mind seeing Hoover move up the list in population.
“I've said all along I'm not for stifling our growth. I'm for managing our growth,” they said. “As long as we can keep up the services we have without compromising that and the quality of our school system stays at the top of its game as it is now, I am all for controlled growth.
“People are going to want to continue to move here because of the quality of life we have,” Brocato said. “Our home values are strong. Our economy is strong. We're going to work hard to grow at a pace we can control and where we can keep up.”
Ms. Rhimes said in their own statement, “Shondaland's move to Netflix is the result of a shared plan Ted Sarandos and I built based on my vision for myself as a storyteller and for the evolution of my company. Ted provides a clear, fearless space for creators at Netflix. They understood what I was looking for — the opportunity to build a vibrant new storytelling home for writers with the unique creative freedom and instantaneous global reach provided by Netflix's singular sense of innovation. The future of Shondaland at Netflix has limitless possibilities.”
Ms. Rhimes has been with ABC for more than a decade and has long been one of the biggest names at the network. They have been a reliable generator of hits, including building an entire Thursday night lineup that ABC's marketing department has dubbed #TGIT.
Though it has been a ratings force, ABC's Thursday night lineup has showed some signs of wear and tear recently. “Grey's Anatomy,” which will begin season 14 in September, remains a big hit with sturdy ratings, but both “Scandal” and “How to Get Away With Murder” have seen their ratings nose-dive in the last two years. One of Ms. Rhimes's newer shows, “The Catch,” was canceled this year.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
ABC announced this year that “Scandal” will end after this coming season, something that the network tried to turn into a marketing bonanza at its annual advertiser pitch in May.
Ms. Rhimes's development slate at ABC will not suddenly vaporize. In addition to keeping its Thursday night lineup for the coming season, ABC still has a midseason show that is expected from Ms. Rhimes, titled “For The People,” and a “Grey's Anatomy” spinoff that is in preproduction, among some other projects in development.
Nevertheless, losing them is enormous for ABC and its corporate parent, Disney. The network finished in last place among the advertiser-coveted demographic for a second straight season, and though it is doing fine with comedies, it badly needs a hit drama. In the coming season, the network has been pinning its hopes on revivals like “American Idol” and “Roseanne” to help improve its standing in the ratings.
In a statement, ABC's entertainment president, Channing Dungey, said, “I'm proud to have given a home to what have become some of the most celebrated and talked about shows on television. With the launch of a new season upon us, fans can rest assured that TGIT remains intact and will be as buzzed about as ever.”
For Netflix, this is more of the same.
The streaming service has been on an unprecedented spending spree, spreading billions on acquiring big-name talent.
In addition to cornering the market on stand-up comics like Jerry Seinfeld, Chris Rock and Dave Chappelle, just last week the streaming service said it was bringing in the Coen Brothers for a new limited series and David Letterman for a new TV show.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The latest moves come just as digital rivals like Apple and Facebook have taken steps that suggest they are prepared to become serious players in the scripted and unscripted television game.
Stay connected: The official MLS app keeps you connected with the latest news, highlights, scores, standings, and analysis all for FREE. Download for iOS (Apple) or Download for Android
VATICAN CITY (AP) — The key whistleblower in Chile's clerical sex abuse scandal has arrived in Rome for an audience with Pope Francis and says they will urge them to get rid of the "toxic" bishops and cardinals who have defamed and discredited abuse survivors around the world.
In an interview Tuesday in St. Peter's Square, Juan Carlos Cruz said they were honored that the pope wanted to personally apologize for having themselves discredited victims. But they said they wanted to also hear Francis' explanation for having seemingly not realized that victims had accused a bishop of covering up for their abuser.
Cruz said: "He's not a pope from Ukraine. He's from Buenos Aires. ... So it's really difficult to understand that this was an unknown. But I want to hear him."
WWE Smackdown Live
Previously on the Best and Worst of WWE Smackdown Live: We learned about Lana Day, Kofi Kingston used Cesaro's entire body as a springboard, and WWE promised us a Samoa Joe vs. Daniel Bryan one-on-one match we probably shouldn't have gotten our hopes up over.
Remember to follow With Spandex on Twitter and like us on Facebook if you haven't already. You can also follow me on Twitter @mrbrandonstroud for pretty much just wrestling stuff. And remember to check out our With Spandex podcast, McMahonsplaining.
Hit those share buttons! Please spread the word about the column on Facebook, Twitter, and whatever other social media outlets you use. Be sure to leave a comment in the comment section below as well. Your help and participation means a lot. Exclamation points!
And now, the Best and Worst of WWE Smackdown Live for May 29, 2018.
Outdoor fit in Oleta Park! Feliz Finde!! Mi copiloto Lia abondonó!! #wellness #prouddad #livingmiami #bambinos #instafitness #eatclean #summer #enjoyinglife
A post shared by Giancarlo Petaccia (@giancarlopeta) on Jul 8, 2017 at 4:10pm PDT
CLEVELAND (AP) — The leader of a breakaway Amish group in Ohio convicted in hair- and beard-cutting attacks is pushing to get their convictions overturned using arguments already rejected in court.
An attorney for 72-year-old Samuel Mullet Sr. says Mullet's previous lawyer made mistakes during trial and in prior appeals.
In a Monday court filing, prosecutors say there were no errors that amounted to Mullet's rights to due process being violated, and a judge should reject their request.
Defense attorneys say the 2011 hair- and beard-cutting attacks stemmed from family disputes. Prosecutors say the motive was religious, as hair and beards have spiritual significance in the Amish faith.
Mullet is serving an 11-year sentence. Of the 16 Amish community members convicted in the case, only Mullet remains imprisoned.
Have your say
Metro services are back running in Sunderland, but with some delays.
Passengers faced disruption this morning after a points failure knocked out trains on the Sunderland line between South Hylton and Park Lane in both directions.
Metro said trains are now back in operation, however, but subject to delays.
SACRAMENTO, Calif. --? Golden State Warriors coach Steve Kerr will not face discipline for inadvertently sending out a tweet that was critical of the league for allowing players such as James Harden to get away with traveling, sources tell ESPN.
On Thursday night, Kerr sent out a tweet directed at a video of the Houston Rockets guard appearing to take a few extra steps before draining a 3-pointer. Their tweet read: "It's an embarrassment. I think the league is so happy with all the scoring that it doesn't want to enforce stuff like that."
Kerr explained after shootaround Friday morning that their tweet was meant to be sent as a personal message to a friend on Twitter.
"I thought it was a direct message," Kerr said. "My new iPhone is killing me."
According to a source with knowledge of the situation, since Kerr's message was intended to be private, the league didn't see a reason to issue a fine. Kerr said he's trying to figure out the new iPhone 10 and realized their tweet was public soon after publishing.
"A friend DM'd me and said what do you think about this clip, and I responded to him," Kerr said. "I hit send, and I was like, 'Oh no.' I went right over to [assistant coach] Chris DeMarco because I have no idea how to delete a tweet. I rarely even send a tweet, let alone delete one, so I gave it to DeMarco. They delete it after maybe thirty seconds, and I go, 'What do you think? Am I going to get away with it?' And they go, 'Hell no.'
"Unfortunately, it wasn't anything too damning."
Kerr refused to expound on the Harden play, saying, "This was a private direct message that somehow slipped in a way to the rest of the world."
The Warriors are on the road for back-to-back contests with the Sacramento Kings on Friday and the Denver Nuggets the following evening.
CBS 2Watch CBS2 News, CBS This Morning, Dr. Phil, Judge Judy, 60 Minutes, NFL football, and your favorite CBS shows. Latest Videos Eye On New York Dining Deals Tony's Table Links & Numbers Station Info & [...]
WCBS 880WCBS Newsradio 880 is one of the tri-state's most trusted sources for news and information. As a market leading news resource since 1967, WCBS reaches millions of listeners each week and boasts one of the [...]
1010 WINS1010 WINS invented all news radio and is the longest-running all news station in the country. For 50 years, 1010 WINS has been a news and information utility for the New York metropolitan area. Famous [...]
WFANAs the world's first 24-hour all-sports radio station, WFAN remains the premier sports talk radio station in the business. Since its debut on July 1, 1987, dozens of stations have copied the all sports format, [...]
WLNYProgram Schedule Channel Guide WLNY TV 10/55 is part of the CBS Television Stations group, a division of CBS Corp. and one of the largest network-owned station groups in the country. Got a nose for [...]
NEW YORK (CBSNewYork/AP) – U.S. stocks slumped Friday, pulling down the Dow Jones industrial average by more than 650 points and handing the market its worst week in two years.
Technology, banks and energy stocks accounted for much of the broad slide. Several major companies, including Exxon Mobil and Google's parent company, Alphabet, sank after reporting weak earnings.
Fears of rising inflation sent bond yields higher and contributed to the stock market swoon after the government reported that wages grew last month at the fastest pace in eight years.
The sharp drop follows a long period of unprecedented calm in the market. Stocks haven't had a pullback of 10 percent or more in two years, and hit their latest record highs just one week ago.
While interest rates are still low by historical standards, meaning borrowing is still relatively cheap for businesses and people, they've been rising more swiftly, and that's what has markets on edge.
“The pace of rate increases is more important than the level,” said Nate Thooft, senior portfolio manager at Manulife Asset Management.
The increase in rates has been driven by the prospect of stronger economic growth, and higher inflation, in the U.S. and abroad.
Bond prices declined again Friday, pushing yields higher. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note, a benchmark for interest rates on many kinds of loans, including mortgages, climbed to 2.83 percent, the highest level in roughly four years. The rate was at 2.41 percent four weeks ago and 2.66 percent on Monday.
Once we started going north of 2.5 percent, and you put that together with an overbought market, it had the ingredients of a sell-off, especially since January was so strong,” said Jeff Zipper, regional investment strategist at U.S. Bank Private Wealth Management.
The S&P 500, which many index funds track, soared 5.6 percent in January, its biggest monthly gain since March 2016.
The expectation among investors has long been for a gradual rise in interest rates, as the Federal Reserve slowly pulls back from the stimulus that it implemented for the economy amid the Great Recession. But if rates rise more quickly than expected, it could upset markets.
The key concern is that the Fed will respond to higher inflation by raising its key interest rate more quickly than expected. The government's latest job and wage data stoked those concerns Friday.
U.S. employers added a robust 200,000 jobs in January, slightly above market expectations for an 185,000 increase. Meanwhile wages rose sharply, suggesting employers are competing more fiercely for workers. The figures point to an economy on strong footing even in its ninth year of expansion, fueled by global economic growth and healthy consumer spending at home.
That's good news for Main Street USA, but not for Wall Street. Investors fear the pickup in hourly wages, along with a recent uptick in inflation, may make it more likely that the Fed will raise short-term interest rates more quickly in the coming months. Some economists were predicting Friday that the central bank will raise its benchmark rate four times this year, rather than the three times most previously expected.
“With financial conditions continuing to ease and core price inflation also starting to pick up, we expect this will persuade the Fed to hike rates four times this year,” Andrew Hunter, an economist with Capital Economics, wrote in a published note Friday.
The market slide may have been overdue, particularly after the strong start for stocks this year where the S&P 500 had its best January in two decades.
The global economy is still strong, corporate profits and sales have been better than expected this reporting season and buyers for stocks still remain, all reasons to be optimistic about stocks, said Nate Thooft, senior portfolio manager at Manulife Asset Management.
“It's appealing, these 2 to 3 percent pullbacks,” said Thooft, who had been trimming some of their stock holdings after the market's big January gains. “We look at this and say, ‘Maybe it's your first day to buy a little bit.”‘
(© Copyright 2018 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved. The Associated Press contributed to this report.)
MELBOURNE, Australia (AP) — As Roger Federer cried while accepting their 20th Grand Slam title, Rod "Rocket" Laver took a chance to snap a picture for posterity.
Federer has won more major singles titles than any man, including a record-equaling six on the court that bears the great Rod Laver's name at Melbourne Park.
This one, following a tension-filled, momentum-swinging 6-2, 6-7 (5), 6-3, 3-6, 6-1 win over Marin Cilic in Sunday's Australian Open final, was a keeper.
Laver has been involved in the on-court presentations in the past, witnessing Federer's tears at close range. This time, the 79-year-old Laver — the only man to twice win all four Grand Slam titles in one season — held up their mobile phone to get the shot from the stands.
"I didn't see that through my thick tears, that they were taking a picture of me crying," Federer said. They joked in a TV interview that, "I couldn't lift my head, I was so embarrassed."
Surely, it's only an embarrassment of riches.
Federer arrived in Melbourne at the start of 2017 after an extended injury layoff and on a Grand Slam title drought that dated back to 2012 at Wimbledon. Against the odds, they reached the final and then beat Rafael Nadal in a classic, five-set encounter. Now, having successfully defended their Australian title, Federer has won three of the last five majors in a stunning career resurgence.
"I'm so happy. It's unbelievable," Federer said, taking deep breaths and choking back tears. "Of course, winning is an absolute dream come true — the fairytale continues for us, for me, after the great year I had last year, it's incredible."
Federer started to tear up toward the end of the trophy ceremony. They then received a standing ovation as tears streamed down their face.
At the age of 36 years, 173 days, Federer became the second-oldest man to win a Grand Slam singles title in the Open era after Ken Rosewall, who won the 1972 Australian Open at 37.
The match wasn't entirely without controversy after organizers decided to close the roof for the final, just as they had for the afternoon mixed doubles final when Mate Pavic and Gabriela Dabrowski beat Rohan Bopanna and Timea Babos for the title.
Former champions were among the commentators questioning the decision, suggesting there'd been hotter days when the heat policy was not enacted.
"I was surprised to hear they had the heat rule in place for a night match. I never heard that before," Federer said. "For me, it doesn't change anything."
Tournament referee Wayne McEwen has the option of closing the roof when the temperature reaches 40 degrees Celsius (104 Fahrenheit) and a measure called the wet-bulb globe temperature — which combines factors such as heat, humidity and breeze — reaches 32.5C (90.5F).
The temperature hit 38C (100F) an hour before the men's final, when the WGBT reading was 32.7C (91F).
"With no dramatic reduction forecast, the referee exercised their discretion and called for the roof to be closed," Tennis Australia said in a statement. "At no other time during the event this year has the WBGT reading reached the threshold."
Federer took instant advantage of the air-conditioned venue, breaking Cilic's serve in the first and third games.
"Mentally was tough. Also was difficult with conditions. Throughout the tournament I played all my matches outdoors, also preparing a hot day," Cilic said. "Then first match for the final to play with the roof closed, it's difficult."
It was clear early on that the crowd would be heavily pro-Federer. The arena was filled with red and white, with Federer supporters wearing Swiss flags on their shirts, hats and faces and one waving a sign that read: "The Big Two-Oh. Go Roger!"
After smashing an overhead into the base of the net and shanking a forehand long, Cilic went to their equipment bag for a new racket after just 12 points. Federer only conceded two points on their serve in the 24-minute opening set.
But Cilic rallied, getting their big forehand working and, after missing a set point on Federer's serve in the 10th game, leveled the match in the tiebreaker. That was the first set Federer had dropped in the tournament.
Federer easily won the third set and was up a break in the fourth but the momentum swung again, with Cilic going on a roll to level the match. The sixth-seeded Cilic had two chances to break Federer's serve in the first game of the fifth set, but wasted them both with two unforced errors. They then double-faulted twice in the second game to drop their own serve, giving Federer the decisive lead in the set.
Federer is now 9-1 against 2014 U.S. Open champion Cilic, including last year's Wimbledon final.
After serving out at love, their celebration was delayed slightly by an unsuccessful challenge from Cilic on match point. It was a similar end to their five-set win over Nadal here last year. And, just like 12 months ago, they held it together until the victory ceremony, when the tears flowed.
"I've won three Slams now in 12 months. I can't believe it myself," said Federer, showing no signs he's ready for their resurgent run to stop. "I just got to keep a good schedule, stay hungry, then maybe good things can happen. I don't think age is an issue."
The UN's envoy to Syria, Staffan de Mistura, warned on Monday that Syria is heading for a catastrophic partition and could see the return of Islamic State (ISIS) if there is no inclusive peace settlement.
“The truth is that a soft, long-term partition of Syria, which (is) the one that we are witnessing at the moment, in different areas of control, will be a catastrophe, not only for Syria but for the whole region,” they told an audience at Geneva's Graduate Institute, according to Reuters.
SOUNDCHECK Listen to these tunes: Third Eye Blind – “God of Wine” Guns N' Roses – “Civil War” Bruno Mars – “Chunky” The Psychedelic Furs – “Pretty In Pink” Paramore – “Told You So” Adventure Club – “Firestorm” Tom Keifer – “Solid Ground”
Welcome to “Seven in Seven,” where each Friday we take a look at shows coming to the region over the next week. Whether your musical tastes are rock and roll, jazz, heavy metal, singer-songwriter or indie, there'll always be something to check out in the coming days.
Here are seven of the best for the week beginning Oct. 8:
Third Eye Blind – Oct. 8 at Sand Bethlehem Event Center
Third Eye Blind is one of those bands from the 90s who could've gone the way of Eve 6, Sugar Ray or Smash Mouth, known for a song or two and then showed up on package nostalgia tours 20 years later. Instead, they had this crazy resurgence among fans old and new with their songs “Jumper,” “Graduate” and “Never Let You Go.” Their mix of guitar based pop sensibility mixed in with alternative rock has proved to be a winning combination that resonates across generations.
Advertisement
Guns N' Roses – Oct. 8 at The Wells Fargo Center
Ten or 15 years ago, if you said that not only would Gun N' Roses be back with singer Axl Rose, guitarist Slash and bassist Duff McKagan reunited, getting along, showing up each night on-time for a year and half long trek around the world, you'd be called crazy and maybe committed. Against all odds though, it's happened. The rejuvenated outfit is back with a vengeance, and having spent last summer playing stadiums across the country – including Lincoln Financial Field on a sweltering July night – and now they're back for round two, playing more intimate spots like the WFC.
Bruno Mars – Oct. 10 at The Wells Fargo Center
The 24K Magic World Tour marks Bruno Mars' first full-length tour since 2013's hugely successful Moonshine Jungle World Tour, an international blockbuster that sold two million tickets worldwide across 155 sold-out dates. It's celebrating their album 24K Magic, which had the highest selling debut of their career with first-week album sales equivalents exceeding 231,000 when it came out last November. The record also took the No. 1 slot on both the Top Digital Albums chart and the R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart and No. 2 on the Billboard 200. Mars truly is a one-of-a-kind talent; he's a singer, songwriter, producer, multi-instrumentalist and not too shabby of a dancer either. Expect this to be one of the most entertaining of the year.
The Psychedelic Furs – Oct. 10 at Union Transfer
If you sit and talk to many of the alternative rock artists dominating today's music, you'll find that many of them pay homage to the The Psychedelic Furs. Led by frontman and songwriter Richard Butler, the Furs won over fans and critics alike by combining poetic lyrics, innovative rhythms and melodies driven by an aggressive, punk desperation. Through it all, the band scored major hits with “Love My Way,” “Pretty In Pink,” “Heaven,” “The Ghost In You,” and “Heartbreak Beat” – in all releasing seven studio albums. And the fact that they're still around isn't bad for a band who came out up in the punk-infused scene of England in 1977.
Paramore – Oct. 10 at Underground Arts
Paramore formed 15 years ago in what was then the much quieter town of Nashville, Tenn. Still in junior high, music made all of their free time. Eventually, they all left for tour in the middle of a school year and luckily the whole thing worked out for them, even though few understood how a band so un-country could be from Nashville, nor how a bunch of kids so small could play their angst-filled alternative rock songs so proudly. They still reside in their hometown, which isn't so quiet these days with the mass migration of artists large and small trying to grab a piece of the pop country pie that has gotten so popular over the past decade.
Adventure Club – Oct. 13 at The Fillmore
Sound can often conjure color; it's an acute phenomenon that adds another dimension to music – not just hearing, but also seeing. Montreal electronic music duo Adventure Club, made up of Christian Srigley and Leighton James, managed to architect a similar sensory experience on their full-length debut, last year's Red // Blue. The record is rooted in the deft balance at the heart of their signature style. Ultimately, the album welcomes full immersion of all the senses and kicks off the duo's brightest phase yet, evident in songs like the shuffling synth drive of “Dreams” through the single “Firestorm” which features Sara Diamond on vocals.
Tom Keifer – Oct. 13 at The Block at Harrah's Philadelphia
While the region waits less than patiently for the return of beloved local blues rock heroes Cinderella, who've been on a hiatus for entirely too long, the best we're going to get is band frontman Tom Keifer and their solo sets. Their solo debut The Way Life Goes is a noble enough effort, and though it came out in 2013, a deluxe edition will be released later this month. Also, expect some of their hits from back in the day with Cinderella like “Nobody's Fool” and “Don't Know What You Got (Till It's Gone).”
Health permits are suspended for major violations. Restaurants must remain closed until inspectors determine problems have been fixed.
Zito's Pizza, 1716 W. Chapman Ave., Orange; sewage overflow; closed Oct. 6.
Sunny Liquor, 829 S. Knott Ave., Anaheim; rodent infestation; closed Oct. 6.
Mariscos Ixtapa, 1710 W. Chapman Ave., Orange; sewage overflow; closed Oct. 6.
His-Nibs Liquor, 2501 E. Ball Road, Anaheim; rodent infestation; closed Oct. 5, reopened Oct. 5.
Xanadu Cafe, 100 W. Coast Highway, Newport Beach; cockroach infestation; closed Oct. 5.
Kapamilya Restaurant, 10964 Warner Ave., Fountain Valley; rodent infestation; closed Oct. 5, reopened Oct. 6.
Metro Market, 2140 Placentia Ave., Costa Mesa; rodent infestation; closed Oct. 4, reopened Oct. 5.
Silver Spoon Wrap ‘N' Roll, 13112 Newport Ave., Tustin; cockroach infestation; closed Oct. 3, reopened Oct. 5.
Mas' Chinese Islamic Restaurant, 601 E. Orangethorpe Ave., Anaheim; cockroach infestation; closed Oct. 3, reopened Oct. 4.
Ye Dang Korean Restaurant, 1351 S. Beach Blvd., La Habra; cockroach infestation; closed Oct. 2, reopened Oct. 3.
American Junkie, 2406 Newport Blvd., Newport Beach; cockroach infestation; closed Oct. 2, reopened Oct. 3.
Good Nutricion, 903 S. Bristol St., Santa Ana; rodent infestation; closed Oct. 2, reopened Oct. 3.
Haute Cakes, 1807 Westcliff Drive, Newport Beach; cockroach infestation; closed Oct. 2, reopened Oct. 3.
Big Chopsticks, 19092 Beach Blvd., Huntington Beach; insufficient hot water; closed Oct. 2, reopened Oct. 2.
Combo's Pizza, 757 W. Commonwealth Ave., Fullerton; insufficient hot water; closed Sept. 29, reopened Sept. 30.
Simply Pho, 23775 El Toro Road, Lake Forest; sewage overflow; closed Sept. 29.
This list is published online every Friday with closures from the previous seven days and is not usually updated. See the OC Health Care Agency's database for an updated list of closures and reopenings.
Drivers are being warned of possible disruption on the M6 this morning after one lane remains closed following a major lorry fire.
READ MORE: UPDATED: Lorry fire blocks M6
A B&M lorry carrying miscellaneous goods burst into flames at around 8.30pm on Sunday at junction 32 of the northbound carriageway, say fire services.
Nobody was injured in the fire in which "things were exploding" although traffic was held for several hours.
Four fire engines were called out to tackle the blaze which spread quickly through the lorry and cab.
Fire services say they received an initial call to report that the breaks had caught light.
Nobody was injured in the fire in which police said "things were exploding" although traffic was held for several hours.
A spokesperson for the fire service said: "We went out to a HGV on fire on the M6.
"We were told that the breaks had caught fire but by the time we got there the fire had quickly spread into the cab and load.
"Thankfully nobody was in the vehicle when we got there and nobody was injured.
"The lorry was carrying lots of different kinds of goods including aerosols which started exploding.
"The cans were projecting across the carriageway and posed a serious risk to passing vehicles so we were forced to close both sides of the motorway.
"We used hose reels with foam and a jet to put the fire out. The lorry was completely destroyed by the blaze."
Highways England says that one lane remains closed this morning while inspections of the road surface are carried out.
A spokesperson for Highways England said: "We've managed to re-open another lane #M6 northbound between J32 (Preston) and J33 (Lancaster). "We have two lanes open and one lane closed for on-going carriageway inspections following an earlier HGV fire.
A police spokesperson said: "Those trapped behind it, thank-you for your patience on a very cold night, unable to let you passed as exploding cans were raining down and the fire service water was freezing on the road surface into thick sheets of ice."
Drivers are being warned to allow extra time for their journeys.
LAS VEGAS -Australian police are assisting their U.S. counterparts on the investigation into Las Vegas shooter's girlfriend Marilou Danley.
The Australian Broadcasting Corporation reports that Philippines-born Danley became an Australian citizen after moving to the Gold Coast in Queensland state and marrying a local man. ABC says they lived there for some 10 years until the late 1980s.
Australian Federal Police Commissioner Andrew Colvin said Friday that as an Australian citizen, Danley was entitled to consular assistance.
ADVERTISEMENT
Australian police and government officials have not elaborated on Danley's time or citizenship in Australia.
Colvin says the Australian authorities are “working very closely with our partners in the U.S.”
Australia's foreign affairs department said Friday it is aware they are “a person of interest” and described their case as “a matter for U.S. law enforcement.”
The University of Akron is looking to recruit more Ohio athletes for their sports programs as a means of also bringing in more state funding to the school.
Funding is awarded for every course a student completes, as well as when they graduate— and President Matt Wilson says Akron's athletes graduate at a higher rate than the student body.
Wilson speaks about attracting more in-state athletes
“One of the things that really stood out was, from the state, because we are a public institution, for every athlete from the state of Ohio who comes to the University of Akron, y'know, we receive state support, just like we would with any other student from the state of Ohio.”
Wilson says adding in-state athletes to the roster, as well as shifting to private funding for scholarships, might also help to revive sports such as baseball.
Featured Pick
All Cows Eat Grass
All Cows Eat Grass takes to the lawn in front of the Bessie Smith Culutral Center for a fun night of music, all part of the Levitt AMP Chattanooga Music Series.
Thursday, 7 p.m.
Bessie Smith Cultural Center
200 E. MLK Blvd.
bessiesmithcc.org
Thursday, October 5
DJ Battle Semi-Finals: Hip-Hop CHA
Come out for the latest round in the search for Chattanooga's best and brightest hip-hop artists.
9 p.m.
Revelry Room
41 Station St.
revelryroom.co
Friday, October 6
Van Gordon Martin
Dedicated to pushing the boundaries of electric guitar, represented by a deep love for reggae, dub, and soul music.
10 p.m.
Clyde's On Main
122 W. Main St.
clydesonmain.com
Saturday, October 7
Black Market Haggis
This very talented five-piece bands combines Irish traditional and ancient Celtic music into a modern style.
8 p.m.
Charles & Myrtle's Coffeehouse
105 McBrien Rd.
christunity.org
Preston skipper Tom Clarke has developed a real liking for Burton's Pirelli Stadium.
The defender has scored in both of PNE's visits this year to the Brewers' home.
They broke the deadlock with a close-range finish in the 2-1 victory on Saturday.
Back in January, it was their goal which earned North End a 1-0 win.
In both games, Clarke played at right-back.
PNE boss Alex Neil said they chose to play Clarke in the full-back role this time in a bid to ‘guard the wide areas' and nullify Burton's threat down the left.
The week before against Queens Park Rangers, Clarke had played in their accustomed position at centre-half before being substituted in a tactical switch at the interval.
Neil said: “It was fantastic for them to score the first goal.
“Last season they scored the winner against Burton at the back stick.
“Unfortunately Tom had a tight calf which meant they had to come off, however it was a great 80 minutes to get under their belt.
“Tom is a centre-back but we played them at right-back on Saturday.
“I thought we had to guard the wide areas and be staunch in our defending, so Tom was ideal for that.
“He gave us the size and presence down that side of the pitch and I thought they did well.”
The use of Clarke at right-back allowed Ben Davies and Paul Huntington to continue their partnership at the heart of the back four.
The pair stood firm against plenty of first-half pressure from Burton.
Said Neil: “I thought Ben, in particular, did very well.
“Lucas Akins went on to Ben because Hunts is bigger.
“Ben more than fought their corner in the first half when Burton were putting a lot of balls in.
“He was very dominant, which was great, I was delighted with all of my players.
“Saturday's game was a bit of a battle to start with but what I didn't want was it to be a fight for the whole game.
“That is why we made the changes we did, we wanted to stretch the game, make the pitch big and get on the ball.
“We did that for the last 30 minutes and got our rewards.
“In that spell we created a lot of chances.
“Tom Barkhuizen put one wide when they should have scored, Paul Gallagher and Callum Robinson both hit the post, while Daryl Horgan had a one-on-one.
“We could have won by a bigger margin.”
The Rock Springs City Council will meet at 7 p.m. on Tuesday, February 6, 2018, at the City Council Chambers located within Rock Springs City Hall.
Related
Shutterstock
Before 1990, McDonald's fried up their french fries in beef tallow. It was a mix of fat and starch perfected over years of experimentation. Then a man in Omaha named Phil Sokolof had a heart attack. Their doctor told them that saturated fat and cholesterol were to blame and Sokolof went on a national crusade to take the fat out of America's food, with McDonald's on the top of their kill list. And somehow they won.
Malcolm Gladwell opens their latest episode of Revisionist History with a nostalgic yarn. “Have you ever seen a puppy encounter snow for the first time? They burrow their nose into it with this look of perplexity and sheer delight because they can't understand where this white thing came from,” Gladwell says. “It was like that for me. A Slice of potato…”
And then McDonald's broke a young Gladwell's heart when they changed their oil in 1990.
Episode 9 of Revisionist History is out! In which I take aim at the Golden Arches. McDonald's: You broke my heart. https://t.co/AWAMlWzybZ — Malcolm Gladwell (@Gladwell) August 10, 2017
McDonald's had been using beef tallow to make their fries from the pre Ray Kroc days. It was the amazing luscious crispiness of the McDonald brother's fries that initially got Kroc's attention in the first place. That's how good they were. But in 1990 all of that changed.
Phil Sokolof made their millions selling dry wall throughout America. They then spent 15 million of their own fortune to fight saturated fat on the national stage by targeting the fast food industry. They would go on TV to talk over actual food industry people about the dangers of fat. The sort of blowhard with bad science who was able to thrive in the pre-internet era.
This is where things get interesting: Gladwell's telling of the oil wars story. McDonald's, Burger King, Wendy's, et al changed their oils to corn, soy, or cottonseed oils. This, in turn, created a whole mess of other problems because those oils are trans-fats heavy — which is by far worse than saturated fats. Gladwell notes that the big fast food chains devised vegetable oil blends that eliminated trans-fats, but created an extremely unstable oil for cooking with, especially when compared to the stability of animal fats.
TORONTO — A man accused of driving a van into pedestrians along a stretch of a busy Toronto street has been charged with 10 counts of first-degree murder.
Alek Minassian, of Richmond Hill, Ont., is also facing 13 counts of attempted murder.
The 25-year-old appeared in a packed Toronto courtroom this morning clad in a white jumpsuit and only spoke their name during the brief hearing.
Police arrested Minassian less than half an hour after the incident, which took place at 1:30 p.m. on Monday.
I am excited to be a returning judge at the Taste of Huntington Beach. It's set for Sunday, April 29 from noon to 4 p.m. at the Huntington Beach Sports Complex, 18100 Goldenwest St., near Talbert Avenue.
Your ticket ($70 general admission) includes unlimited tastes from more than 50 restaurants and catering companies. You'll enjoy unlimited sips from 50 wineries and breweries. There also will be a silent auction, vendors, and The Ramsey Brothers Band will entertain.
The event is presented by Friends of the Children's Library and proceeds will benefit the Children's Department of the Huntington Beach Public Library.
If you've never been to Taste of Huntington Beach make this the year you go. Old favorites and new tastes abound. Information: tastehb.com.
We Play Loud
The large indoor playground for children called We Play Loud is now open and already is very, very busy. The day I visited there was a line out the door,
All the flooring is padded foam, and the play equipment is padded. There are slides, climbing spots and brightly covered spaces for children 51 inches and shorter to discover. If you have a toddler, there's an area just for the tots too. A cafe sells waters, juices, and pre-packaged snacks.
Want a cool new spot for that special birthday party? There are rooms just for celebrating.
We Play Loud is at 7470 Edinger Ave., near the 405 Freeway, in Huntington Beach. Hours: 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. daily. Information: weplayloud.com or 949-328-9616.
Juice It Up!
I visited Juice it Up! last week at 7171 Warner Ave. near Goldenwest Street in Huntington Beach. I love their smoothies, juices and acai bowls. The decor is so much fun, with fruits displayed on a celery-green painted wall. Service is extra friendly.
Previously, Juice It Up! was at 5341 Warner Ave. “We really like our new location because foot traffic is so much better here,” said owner Paul Chhuon.
Hours: 7 a.m. to 8 p.m. Monday through Saturday; 8 a.m. to 8 p.m Sunday. Information: juiceitup.com or 714-840-5575.
Crème de la Crepe
I have a lunch date coming up at the new Crème de la Crepe restaurant. A friend is taking me. She's already eaten there, and from their descriptions, it sounds amazing.
Breakfast, lunch, and dinner. Omelets, burgers, quiche, and salad. Plus, there are happy hour specials. I already know I'll be ordering a dessert crepe.
Crème de la Crepe is in Huntington Beach at 11561 Center Ave., Suite 37, near the 405 Freeway. Information: cremedelacrepe.com or 310-469-2727.
Here Comes the Easter Bunny
I really think our dog Missy needs to have some Easter fun. So they may be going to PetSmart in Fountain Valley to pose for a photo with the Easter Bunny.
It's a free event from noon to 3 p.m. Saturday, March 24 and Sunday, March 25.
One photo per pet. PetSmart is at 17940 Newhope Street near Talbert Avenue. Information: petsmart.com or 714-241-0317.
Sign up
Here's a super opportunity to get your company's name out there.
The Fountain Valley Chamber of Commerce organizes monthly business breakfasts, with interesting speakers and lots of networking opportunities to explore. July 20, Aug.17 and Oct. 12 breakfast dates are still available for company sponsors.
For $95 you'll receive two breakfast admission tickets and a display table near the front entrance to showcase literature and materials. Materials and products will also be displayed on guest tables. The Chamber will advertise the event and sponsorship, and you may give an up to 10-minute educational and informational presentation related to your business.
Information: fvchamber.com or 714-962-3822.
TORONTO — The Toronto Blue Jays honoured the victims of Monday's deadly van attack, and the first responders who rushed to the scene of the tragedy, with a brief tribute before Tuesday night's game against the Boston Red Sox.
Players from both teams stood in front of the dugouts as Toronto police officers and two paramedics stood between second base and the pitching mound and were introduced to cheering fans. Following a video message and a moment of silence, a group of high school students sang the national anthems.
A blue banner reading "#TORONTOSTRONG" was hung from the second deck in centre field, and similar signs were hung on the wall behind home plate.
Ten people were killed and 14 injured when a driver plowed a rented van into a on along a crowded sidewalk. It was the worst mass killing in Canada since Dec. 6, 1989, when a man shot 14 women at the Ecole Polytechnique in Montreal before turning the gun on himself.
If you watch Morning Live regularly you know all about our CHCH Christmas Toy Drive that is into the final push. We have partnered up with Eastgate Square and the East Hamilton Optimists to collect a new unwrapped gift for anybody up to 16 years of age. This morning Tim Bolen was at Eastgate Square to promote the toy drive and get some last minute gift ideas.
ABC
Roseanne hasn't been canceled long at this point, but the question about what is next for the cast, crew, and its former star have been flooding out into the public realm. While ABC could move the cast from the show to another show on the network — maybe in some sort of sideways mirror world — Roseanne Barr's future still has question marks flying around it. The network and their talent agency have dropped them in the wake of their racist tweet on Tuesday, but supporters have come out for the former sitcom star, and their responses on Twitter indicate she's not going away any time soon.
you guys make me feel like fighting back. I will examine all of my options carefully and get back to U. — Roseanne Barr (@therealroseanne) May 30, 2018
Not only has Barr hinted they would be fighting and maybe going elsewhere, but she's also taken a stance against accusations that they are racist according to The Wrap, not including their ridiculed claim that Ambien was to blame:
“I'm not a racist, I never was & I never will be,” the actor wrote. “One stupid joke in a lifetime of fighting 4 civil rights 4 all minorities, against networks, studios, at the expense of my nervous system/family/wealth will NEVER b taken from me.”
Barr joins the chorus who have started to criticize ABC for their practices, including the president, and they spent most of the day retweeting supportive messages, conspiracy theories, criticism of ABC and Valerie Jarrett, and support for the president. There is no word from Barr on any new moves past that, but others have interest.
Coast
East Bay
East Bay Valleys
North Bay Valleys
Peninsula
South Bay
Tonight will become increasingly cloudy, with overnight lows in the mid to upper 40s. Light rain and showers will arrive tomorrow morning, continuing through the evening commute. Afternoon highs will range from mid 50s at the coast to near 60 inland. Rain will continue overnight into Wednesday, with increasing wind gusts. Rainy and windy conditions will prevail on Thursday as well, tapering off to scatered showers on Friday. Following four days of wet weather, the weekend will bring a drier pattern.Rainy & BreezyHighs: Near 60 Coast to Mid 60s InlandConcordOaklandRedwood CitySan FranciscoSan JoseSanta RosaTonight: Mostly CloudyLows: Upper 40sTomorrow: Showers LikelyHighs: Low to Mid 50sTonight: Mostly CloudyLows: Upper 40sTomorrow: Showers LikelyHighs: Upper 50sTonight: Mostly CloudyLows: Mid to Upper 40sTomorrow: Showers LikelyHighs: Upper 50sTonight: Mostly Cloudy/Showers by Early MorningLows: Mid 40sTomorrow: Showers LikelyHighs: Mid 50sTonight: Mostly CloudyLows: Upper 40sTomorrow: Showers LikelyHighs: Upper 50sTonight: Mostly CloudyLows: Upper 40sTomorrow: Showers LikelyHighs: Around 60
Treeper SharkFL has captured and provided a fully archived Facebook download of DC shooter James T Hodgkison (66). The 461 page file is converted to pdf format and embedded below. Hodgkison was a worker for the presidential campaign of Senator Bernie Sanders, and a resident of Illinois.
Last week Senator Bernie Sanders appeared at an event in Illinois called the “People's Summit”, a convention in Chicago, where they called for their supporters to rise up and take over the Democrat party. Senator Sanders called on their supporters to move the party and “fight for social and economic justice,” and to “take down President Trump.”
James Hodgkison was also a resident of Illinois and traveled to Washington DC in order to assassinate Republican politicians. It is unknown if they attended The People's Summit the week earlier. However, they opened fire on a group of republican member of congress who were part of a baseball team during early morning practice on June 14th.
Here is the full facebook archive of the shooter:
.
Facebook has removed the shooter's profile. Which would appear to confirm what had been suspected — that they were legit. — Charlie Warzel (@cwarzel) June 14, 2017
Advertisements
An Amazon retailer is under fire for selling an offensive sweatshirt that makes light of eating disorders.
The sweatshirt, sold by a vendor called ArturoBuch, reads, “Anorexia: Like Bulimia, except with self control.” The description says the sweatshirt “runs small” and it retails for $24.75 - $30. Amazon declined to comment to HuffPost when asked about its policies on selling offensive merchandise.
ArturoBuch also sells another item of clothing that reads “hoes before bros.” More
Reviews for the sweatshirt are overwhelmingly comprised of 1-star reviews ever since Twitter discovered the item. It even warranted a response from Claire Mysko, the CEO of the National Eating Disorders Association.
“Jokes about eating disorders are dangerous and cliché. This hoodie propagates the myth that eating disorders are trivial and mere issues of willpower or self-control,” Mysko said in a statement. “Stereotypes like this result in increased stigma and are barriers that prevent people from seeking help. Anorexia is not a ‘lifestyle choice,' it is a mental health disorder with socio-biological influences. We ask that Amazon stand with those affected by these deadly illnesses and remove the sweatshirt from their store.”
Many people who have experienced eating disorders shared their views about the hoodie:
Amazon hoodie supposed to be funny? Guess I had a humour by-pass during my 25yrs of anorexia (binge/purge type..) #VictoriaLIVE — Mel (@RuftyRoo) October 3, 2017
This makes me so sad. Anorexia silently kills a person on the inside and then kills their entire body. Take it down! — Andrea Carolina, LPC (@lightlypink) October 1, 2017
"It's absolutely disgraceful and irresponsible"
Retailer Amazon criticised over anorexia/bulimia hoodie: https://t.co/Ky5JeRttpOpic.twitter.com/Z2cgyWVvFJ — Victoria Derbyshire (@VictoriaLIVE) October 3, 2017
Who would even buy a hoodie like that?! Bizarre! They should be removed from the UK internet sites. Extreme bad taste. #VictoriaLive — Lorraine Moore (@Community_Moore) October 3, 2017
Another Twitter user pointed out that there were other clothing items joking about anorexia for sale on Amazon's site:
Thank you for sharing this,Andy. Very concerning. They also have a 'humour' range of large 'I beat Anorexia' tshirts & even a baby bib... pic.twitter.com/A3WyezXchZ — CaoilfhionnGallagher (@caoilfhionnanna) September 30, 2017
Though the hoodie is certainly loathsome, it doesn't fall under the guidelines of Amazon's “offensive products” page.
Under examples of offensive products, Amazon lists “Products that promote or glorify hatred, violence, racial, sexual or religious intolerance or promote organizations with such views, crime scene photographs, morgue or autopsy photographs, human body parts, products retrieved from a disaster or tragedy site, and videos, sound or other recordings taken without the subject's permission,” but there is nothing that talks about eating disorders.
While some commenters argued that Amazon's hoodie wasn't offensive, it's important to remember that every 62 minutes, at least one person dies as a direct result of an eating disorder, according to the National Association of Anorexia Nervosa and Associated Disorders (NAANAD). Eating disorders affect people of all ages, genders, races and ethnicities and an estimated 30 million people suffer from an eating disorder in the U.S.
If you're struggling with an eating disorder, call the National Eating Disorder Association hotline at 1-800-931-2237.
In the wake of the heavy snowfall that descended on the UK over the weekend, experts have today (Monday) revealed the formula for building the perfect snowman.
Indeed, while 92 per cent of Britons admit they love making snowmen, almost the same number, 87 per cent, don't feel confident in their snowmanufacturing.
Commissioned by MORE TH>N, mathematician Dr James Hind's - of Nottingham Trent University - formula takes in several variables when assessing snowman supremacy, including height, number and diameters of snowball tiers, freshness and purity of snow, accessories, outdoor temperature and the ‘golden ratio' Phi, which is used as a marker for beauty and determines the visual appeal of objects.
According to their findings, the perfect snowman must:
• Be precisely 1.62m in height
• Be made up of three tiered balls of snow with diameters of 30cm (head ball), 50cm (body ball) and 80cm (leg ball) respectively, following the golden ratio
• Wear three accessories: hat, scarf and gloves
• Have three buttons on the snowman's chest each at an equal distance from one another
• Have a nose made from a carrot that is exactly 4cm long
• Have eyes no more than 5cm apart
• Have four distinct limbs (such as arms made from sticks or snow and cleft legs)
• Be made using fresh, litter free snow that has just fallen
• Be built while the outdoor temperature is at or below 0°C
According to research by MORE TH>N, the majority of snowmen built in the UK don't wear a hat (64 per cent) or scarf (59 per cent) and the average snowman height is 1.1m (3.65ft) - meaning they are 32 percent shorter than the perfect snowman calculated in Dr. Hind's formula.
MORE TH>N subsequently put the formula to the test by evaluating some of the nation's favourite fictional snowmen against it.
While Olaf from Frozen is one of the nation's favourite snowmen, with 36 per cent of Britons favouring the popular Disney character over any other, their design is the furthest from perfection, according to the formula, with the science scoring them just 15 out of 100.
Conversely, while their snowman sadly melts away at the end of the story, the little boy in The Snowman can perhaps take solace in the knowledge that the flying figure from Raymond Briggs's classic tale is one of the closest to meeting the criteria for the perfect snowman, scoring 73 out of 100.
Here are the top five fictional snowmen and how they rank against the formula:
• Jack Frost (Jack Frost, 1998) - 80
• The Snowman (The Snowman, 1978) - 73
• Frosty the Snowman (Frosty the Snowman, 1969) - 49
• Leon (Elf, 2003) - 20
• Olaf (Frozen, 2013) - 15
Graham Nicholls, head of home insurance at MORE TH>N, said: “Building snowmen is one of the classic winter pastimes and a great opportunity for friends and family to come together.
“What's more, snowmen can actually help to prevent household flooding, with their shape and construction slowing the melting of snow, which subsequently reduces the amount of water produced when the temperatures rise. “The closer the snowman's shape and size is to Dr Hind's formula, the better its chances of curbing flood risk at home. “With this in mind, and with experts forecasting plenty of snow this year, we'd encourage households everywhere to get out in their gardens and start building the best snowmen ever.”
Away from fiction, real life snowman makers have some way to go to meet the high standards of the formula.
Dr James Hind, of Nottingham Trent University, said: “There are many contrasting opinions about what makes the perfect snowman, but this research should settle the debate, as it outlines the definitive blueprint for the ideal snowman according to science.
“All the signs point to snow falling this festive season and hopefully this formula will see households all over the UK inspired to create mathematically marvellous snowmen.”
Immediately, the magnitude of the task facing Lionel Messi came conveniently and acutely into view. They stood, upright and proud, for the Argentinian national anthem ahead of its first pre-World Cup tuneup friendly against Haiti in Buenos Aires on Tuesday, a 4-0 rout for the home team.
The camera, as usual, lingered on them as it slowly panned the rest of the Albiceleste. And as it framed soccer's little supernova, it couldn't help but capture the tall, bald man to their right in the frame. No avoiding it. Because Willy Caballero, that man, is a good half-foot taller than Messi is. And with the lights caroming off their shiny dome, he's hard to miss.
The challenge for Messi at the World Cup in Russia is, essentially, men like Caballero.
In a macro sense, there's nothing wrong with Caballero per se. He's an admirable man who has risen to the top of their profession. Spending the past few seasons with Manchester City and Chelsea of the Premier League puts them in the one percent of the one percent of the world's goalkeepers. Yet in Messi's quest to finally win a World Cup, after falling short in extra time of the final against Germany four years ago, a Willy Caballero just won't do.
Two seasons ago, they started 26 games for City after manager Pep Guardiola finally gave up on Joe Hart. Last season, at Chelsea, they played in 13 more games. Not bad for a backup, which is what they have been since leaving Malaga in 2014. But Caballero is hardly in the rarefied atmosphere of goalkeepers.  They are nowhere near the half-dozen or so best in the world at their position.
You don't strictly need one of those to win the World Cup. Although Germany had one and Spain had one in 2010 and Italy had one in 2006. But it helps. And Messi needs all the help they can get.
Sure, they have Gonzalo Higuain, one of the world's top strikers, even though he's never shaken a penchant of missing the most important chances of all. And they have Sergio Aguero, who remains one of the world's deadliest forwards, yet has never quite meshed with Messi on the national team. Paolo Dybala offers creativity, even though they aren't as influential at Juventus this past season in spite of scoring more goals than ever.
Story Continues
There's lots of experience in the squad with holding midfielder Javier Mascherano and winger Angel Di Maria, who combine for 235 caps and 25 years on the national team. There are some capable playmakers and some threatening wingers. Manager Jorge Sampaoli might even cobble together a passable defense from the driftwood and spare parts he's collected.
And Caballero will probably do okay. Even though he's 36 and played in just their third cap against Tuesday. Starting goalkeeper Sergio Romero, who has held the job for the last decade, is injured.
But that's the issue with this team. Messi excepted, they're all mostly just … fine.
(Getty)
Almost nobody in this side is at the peak of their prime. And, sure, the spine of this team played in consecutive finals in the World Cup and two Copa Americas in three straight summers from 2014 through 2016, losing all of them in extra time or on penalties. A team's peak, however, can slip away from one summer to the next — let alone two of them. There are, at present, no difference makers in the lineup besides Messi. Only Dybala perhaps might alter a game on their own, should they suddenly recapture their best form, but then they seldom starts as they tend to get in Messi's way.
Which means Messi will pretty much have to do it all himself. And there's obvious danger in such a scheme. It's the same one that backfired for FC Barcelona this season, when it stranded in the quarterfinal of the Champions League for a third straight year when Messi had a not-entirely-stellar series against AS Roma. Absent an attacking alternative for Messi, with Neymar sold to Paris Saint-Germain in spite of the club's ardent resistance, it was prone on the Argentine's rare sub-par days.
Winning the World Cup means navigating a high-stakes, three-game group stage and then surviving four straight knockout games. It requires a huge amount of luck. But most of all, it takes a handful of players who can put the team on their back when the other stars aren't up to it. You don't dominate every day. That's the nature of soccer. You dribbles don't come off sometimes, and your shots will refuse to find the target in certain games.
On Tuesday, against a fairly fetid opponent with no attacking ambitions whatsoever, it all worked. Messi made dicing runs and dispatched atom-splitting passes, scored a hat-trick, and got an assist.
After Giovani Lo Celso was flattened by Ricardo Ade in the Haitian box in the first half, Messi converted the penalty.
In the second act, they swept home the rebound from Lo Celso's header on Higuain's cross, which was parried by goalkeeper Johnny Placide.
Messi again!! This time they clean up a rebound to make it ✌ for @Argentina over @fhfhaiti. Watch live now on #beINSPORTS and #beINSPORTSCONNECT https://t.co/LRYa03eva8 pic.twitter.com/SqbA8EIryn — beIN SPORTS USA (@beINSPORTSUSA) May 30, 2018
Christian Pavon wormed their way through the back line and cut back to Messi, who beat Placide a third time.
⚽ Messi completes their hat-trick and @Argentina are flying in their @FIFAWorldCup warmup. pic.twitter.com/Qprn2lVxZR — beIN SPORTS USA (@beINSPORTSUSA) May 30, 2018
And then Messi set up Aguero for a fourth with a perfect through ball.
Another one!
This time Messi feeds it to @aguerosergiokun who makes it 4-0 for @Argentina over @fhfhaiti. pic.twitter.com/RSV7FEpcum — beIN SPORTS USA (@beINSPORTSUSA) May 30, 2018
When Messi is at their best, it all works well. But when they aren't quite their transcendent self, their team can find itself searching feverishly for answers only they can provide. Remember Argentina's epic struggle during World Cup qualifying, when Messi blew hot and cold?
Argentina will live by Messi or die by Messi. Which means, statistically, that its chances of survival all the way to the cup are slim.
Leander Schaerlaeckens is a Yahoo Sports soccer columnist and a sports communication lecturer at Marist College. Follow them on Twitter @LeanderAlphabet.
More World Cup from Yahoo Sports:
• 2018 World Cup preview hub
• FC Yahoo Mixer: Settling the great VAR debate
• World Cup Group A preview: Uruguay should dominate weak crop
• Bushnell: 32 takeaways from club season pertaining to Russia
• FC Yahoo Mixer: Power ranking the USMNT World Cup teams 1990-2014
Marcy Italiano is a Waterloo, Ont., author whose book, Katrina and The Frenchman, recounts how they and their husband escaped hurricane-ravaged New Orleans.
“Before the hurricane hit, when the mayor was trying to convince everyone to leave, there was such a mixed bag of what people were telling us. Some people were panicking, trying to get out of town, and others were sitting around their pools saying: ‘Oh, this happens to us all the time. They always say it's the big one. It'll pass.'
The night before, we blocked the windows of our hotel room with whatever tall furniture we could find. The rain started while we were sleeping. I woke up around 5 or 6 in the morning, and the hotel staff was putting candles in the hallways because the power had already gone out. The hotel was made out of wood, built in the 1800s. It was shaking.
There were 15 or 20 people in the lobby. Some had just straggled in, looking for shelter. The hotel had a sign outside that swung on chains. One of the chains had broken, so the sign was banging on the front. There was cast-iron furniture near the deck, and that was sliding around. It was the creepiest sound. We would see a piece of someone's roof fly by. We would see a tree fly by. One of the things that bothered me—and still bothers me—was seeing trees bent over 90 degrees, just waiting to snap.
There was only one radio station that was still broadcasting, and the poor guy was trying to keep everyone calm. People were calling in saying, ‘Can you send help? I'm in the Lower Ninth. I'm in Biloxi. Can you send help?' There was one lady who called in. They were crying, but you could tell they were trying to stay calm. They said: ‘I'm in my attic, I'm up to my waist in water, and I can't swim.' Everyone in the lobby, our heads just went down.
WATCH: How storm surges, landslides and tornadoes can make hurricanes even more dangerous
When the water hits during a rainstorm, you can usually see the individual drops of water hitting the window, no matter how hard it's raining. This was like being underwater. It was soaking wet. At one point, I walked right up to one of the windows, put my face against the glass, and I was in awe of the power of it—the sheer force of the wind. But at the same time, you're sitting in there and you really do wonder if you're going to survive. I felt awe and fear at exactly the same moment. It is something that will stick with me forever.”
— as told to Michael Friscolanti
This article originally appeared in the Maclean's Extreme Weather issue in 2012.
Janet Yellen testified to Congress today about banking, interest rates and the economy. One issue they also addressed: vacancies on the interest-rate setting Federal Open Market Committee. Daniel Tarullo, Federal Reserve governor, resigned last week, leaving President Donald Trump with three openings to fill on the seven-member board. Tarullo was the point man on bank regulation after the 2008 economic crisis, and their resignation gives Trump an opportunity to move faster on their deregulatory agenda.
By Daniel Nemukuyu
Higher and Tertiary Education, Science and Technology Development Minister Professor Jonathan Moyo rushed to the Constitutional Court challenging the lawfulness of their arrest when a magistrate could have dealt with the matter without difficulties, Chief Justice Luke Malaba has ruled.
Justice Malaba – sitting with eight other judges – passed the comments in the case in which Minister Moyo is challenging arrest on allegations of swindling the Zimbabwe Manpower Development Fund (Zimdef) of close to $500 000.
The full bench of the Constitutional Court yesterday reserved judgment in the matter after hearing arguments from the parties involved.
Minister Moyo, who was represented by Advocate Lewis Uriri and Mr Terrence Hussein, is seeking an order pronouncing that the Zimbabwe Anti-Corruption Commission has no arresting powers.
 They are also seeking to have their arrest declared unlawful.
The minister also seeks nullification of the warrants that allowed the investigators to search Zimdef premises.
Chief Justice Malaba said if Minister Moyo was indeed arrested, as per their lawyers' confirmation, they should have appeared before a magistrate and challenged the validity of arrest.
“If you are saying there was an arrest, why didn't you go to the magistrate's court to argue that the arrest was unlawful.
‘You have an arrest. You say the arrest was unlawful. A magistrate has jurisdiction to decide on the lawfulness of arrests.
“The law says a person who is arrested should go to court within 48 hours and challenge their or their arrest,” said Chief Justice Malaba.
Adv Uriri confirmed that a magistrate has jurisdiction to hear matters of that nature, but they argued that the Constitution provided for both routes.
They argued that the circumstances of Minister Moyo's case warranted direct access to the Constitutional Court.
“The Constitution also provides for expedient ways of resolving matters of this nature and that is why we found ourselves here.
“There are instances where the Constitutional Court appears to be the best court to deal with some constitutional issues,” said Adv Uriri.
Ms Venrandah Munyoro, a chief law officer in the Attorney-General's Office, argued that Minister Moyo should have appeared before the magistrate's court on November 3 instead of jumping the gun by rushing to the highest court in the land.
“The applicant is not properly before this court. They must utilise the remedies available to them first,” they said.
Adv Thembinkosi Magwaliba, on behalf of the Prosecutor-General Adv Ray Goba, defended their actions in the matter saying their correspondences to the law enforcement agents were lawful.
They urged the court to dismiss Minister Moyo's application.
Adv Magwaliba said a magistrates' court was the best platform for the minister's challenge.
They urged the court to throw away the minister's request to nullify the warrants of search and seizure issued in respect of Zimdef and other premises.
“The warrants in question have not been issued against the applicant.
“They do not bear their name and the property in question is not their personal property. What do they fear, which makes them want to litigate for Zimdef?” said Adv Magwaliba.
The court dismissed a separate application by the State in which it sought to file a supplementary answering affidavit by an investigating officer, a Sergeant Chacha to bolster its case against Minister Moyo.
Chief Justice Malaba threw out the application after realising that some of the information contained in the said affidavit was false.
“You have an application founded on a false statement of affidavit that contains untruths . . . By consent the application is dismissed with costs,” ruled Chief Justice Malaba.
Minister Moyo, their deputy Dr Godfrey Gandawa and Zimdef finance director Nicholas Mapute, stand accused of abusing nearly $500 000 belonging to Zimdef.
They were arrested by the Zimbabwe Anti-Corruption Commission.
Dr Gandawa and Mapute have since been placed on remand at the Harare Magistrates' Courts.
Before the trio's court appearance date, the minister instructed their lawyer Mr Hussein to file an urgent interdict at the Constitutional Court.
The now late Retired Chief Justice Godfrey Chidyausiku last year temporarily stayed Minister Moyo's prosecution pending determination of whether or not their arrest was constitutional. The Herald
ST. MORITZ, Switzerland (AP) — Stop worrying, downhill racers. The 2018 Olympic course will be faster than you think.
The new track in South Korea has been criticized — at a men's test race last year and at the world championships this week — as being too slow with too many twists and turns.
Not so fast, veteran Olympic course designer Bernhard Russi told The Associated Press.
"It was on purpose to do it like this," Russi said of last February's World Cup downhill where race winner Kjetil Jansrud of Norway peaked at 113.7 kph (70.6 mph).
If that sounds fast, 2014 Olympic champion Matthias Mayer hit close to 135 kph (84 mph) on Russi's design in the mountains above Sochi. A record speed of 161 kph (100 mph) in World Cup downhills was set by Johan Clarey of France in Wengen, Switzerland, in 2013.
"When you go the first time in a new downhill you start from the slow side. You don't want to kill the guys," said Russi, the 1972 Olympic champion and silver medalist behind Austrian great Franz Klammer four years later.
The Swiss veteran is skiing's master architect, and always planned to learn from last year's debut race and a scheduled women's World Cup downhill on the same wide course next month.
"Now we know how much faster we can go, and we will. And the jumps will be longer," Russi said of a men's course that launches them airborne four times.
The main Olympic critic one year ago was Christof Innerhofer of Italy, the 2014 silver medalist, who called the course in Jeongseon "slow motion."
In St. Moritz, it was world championship downhill silver medalist Erik Guay of Canada who wished for a faster, tougher test at the Pyeongchang Olympics.
Guay said the test race had too many slowing turns, and was similar to a super-G — a pointed remark from the 35-year-old Canadian who is the new world champion in that discipline.
"I hope that they set it a little differently," Guay said of the Olympic course. "I think that they should make it flow a little bit better. But the slope itself is great."
The men and women share the Olympic hill, but not exactly the same terrain. Russi said there is time to adapt both before the Olympics. The women will compete in World Cup downhill and super-G races on March 4-5.
"Basically the character will remain the same (as the men's)," Russi said of the women's downhill track. "Maybe the turns will be a little bit tighter. Maybe one, two, three, four more turns. Maybe the jumps a little less big, less long. Perfect for ladies."
Other factors could also change Olympic race-day conditions, such as snow quality and humidity in a mountain region only 40 kilometers (25 miles) inland.
"If the weather is good I think (the snow) is going to be rather on the hard side, on the icy side," Russi said. "Everything is on track."
WASHINGTON (AP) — A top Senate Democrat says Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch has said they hope to be "half the nominee" as the judge nominated by President Barack Obama last year, only to be blocked by Senate Republicans.
Illinois Democrat Dick Durbin told reporters that Gorsuch also told them in a private meeting Tuesday that Judge Merrick Garland was a "model nominee."
Durbin was among several senators visited Tuesday by Gorsuch. They say Gorsuch "made a positive impression" and appears to be a "very thoughtful."
Many Democrats continue to harbor hard feelings over last year's treatment of Garland at the hands of Senate Republicans, who denied a hearing and a vote because it was an election year.
Durbin did not say whether they might vote for Gorsuch.
ST. CLAIRSVILLE, Ohio (AP) — An Ohio woman might want to ask some questions if they try to borrow someone's urine again to pass a drug test.
WTOV-TV reports 24-year-old Kiana Wallace was sentenced to 18 months in prison Monday, in eastern Ohio's Belmont County, after submitting a borrowed urine sample that tested positive for drugs. Wallace pleaded guilty earlier this month to attempted tampering with evidence.
Judge Frank Fregiato called the failed urine swap "bizarre" and told Wallace they wouldn't allow them to make a mockery of the drug and alcohol testing system.
Records show Wallace was sentenced to six months in jail followed by probation in January 2017 for drug possession.
Wallace's public defender declined to comment Tuesday.
TEGUCIGALPA, Honduras (AP) — Authorities in Honduras are accusing five federal lawmakers of diverting public funds to their own use.
Honduras' chief prosecutor and the head of the Organization of American States' anti-corruption mission in the country announced the case Monday.
They say the investigation found that in late 2015 thousand dollars were transferred from the government to a nonprofit organization for community projects. Prosecutors say the nonprofit immediately cut checks to the five federal deputies and the projects never materialized.
Authorities have asked the Supreme Court to suspend the suspects as deputies and are seeking their arrest.
The case comes as Hondurans continue to await a resolution of the disputed Nov. 26 presidential election, in which both President Juan Orlando Hernandez and main challenger Salvador Nasralla have claimed victory.
Photo By David Huntley (L-r) Blessed Trinity High School principal Brian Marks, boys cross-country coach Greg Johnson, 2017 Hall of Fame inductee Chase Oliver, baseball coach Andy Harlin, 2017 Hall of Fame inductees Eric Maust and Caroline Vaughn, former track coach Michelle Coco and athletic director Ricky Turner pose for a photograph in front of the school's Athletic Hall of Fame.
Facebook
Twitter
Google+
ROSWELL—Blessed Trinity High School inducted three alumni into its Athletic Hall of Fame during a ceremony on Jan. 14. The 2017 inductees were Chase Oliver, who graduated in 2004, and Eric Maust and Caroline Vaughn, both 2006 graduates.
“These three former student-athletes inducted into the Blessed Trinity Hall of Fame helped start the strong athletic program we have today,” said Ricky Turner, Blessed Trinity athletic director. “Not only did they have outstanding high school careers, but they had a big impact on the university that each one attended.”
Oliver ran cross-country for the Titans, leading the team to its first state championship in 2003. They were named an all-state runner in their junior and senior years. After high school, Oliver attended Auburn University, Auburn, Alabama, where they continued their running career for the Tigers.
Maust was a three-sport athlete for BT, playing football, basketball and baseball. They were a member of the 2006 state-championship baseball team, the 2005 regional champion football team and the 2004 basketball team, which made the playoffs for the first time in team history.
Maust was all-state in football and baseball during the 2005-06 school year and was the Class AAA state baseball player of the year as a senior. They attended the University of Notre Dame, South Bend, Indiana, where they played football and baseball.
Vaughn was a member of the Titans track and field team. During their high school career, they won three individual state championships, the 100- and 300-meter hurdles in 2004 and the 100-meter hurdles in 2005. Vaughn was also state runner-up five times in hurdles.
They attended Wake Forest University, Winston-Salem, North Carolina, where they continued their hurdles career and earned All-ACC honors as a junior.
“Chase, Caroline and Eric continue to represent Blessed Trinity with the career paths that they have chosen, their spiritual faith and their community involvement,” said Turner.
This marks the third group of inductees, joining 2015 inaugural inductees Brooke Alexander and Tyler Flowers and 2016 inductees Jack Andrews, Kara Kasten Mullins and Alison West Hollstegge.
The quick minds organizing next year's Amusement Expo have landed on a final candidate to kick off their annual day of learning: “Generational Humorist” Meagan Johnson. This is a lady who believes that the multitudes of varying generations in the workforce today lead to opportunities for both collaboration and conflict. Organizers say they have an “outspoken, take-no-prisoners, Gen X attitude” and works with audiences to address generational issues differently and act decisively well dealing with conflict (so, don't be late to them talk!).
Meagan got their start in the sales world, but got discouraged when they experienced negative perceptions about their generation. They began to research companies large and small to understand how multiple generations could better work together. Johnson and their father, a professional speaker himself, co-wrote Generations Inc.: From Boomers to Linksters, Managing the Friction Between Generations at Work.
“Whether it's with our kids, parents or work colleagues, we have all experienced what we used to call the generation gap,” said Lori Schneider, EVP of the AMOA. “That gap seems to be widening, with more communication breakdowns and conflict, so this is a timely, key topic to address.” Johnson is set to address Expo attendees at the co-hosted AAMA/AMOA event on Feb. 27 at 8 a.m.
AAMA's EVP Pete Gustafson had this to say about the speaker: “When we show up at the office, factory, warehouse or route each day, we bring our unique perspectives and personalities with us,” said Gustafson. “If we can gain a greater understanding of, and appreciation for, the traits that define the different generations we interact with, it will be tremendously useful. It promises to be a great way to launch our 2018 Expo Education Day.”
One of the victims killed in Monday afternoon's van attack in Toronto has been identified by family to CityNews as Anne Marie D'Amico.
D'Amico, along with nine other people, were killed after a van jumped the curb and plowed through pedestrians on Yonge Street between Finch and Sheppard avenues.
The driver, 25-year-old Alek Minassian, was apprehended by a single officer shortly after at Yonge and Sheppard
D'Amico was one of the people rushed to Sunnybrook Health Sciences Centre, but they were pronounced dead in hospital.
They worked with Tennis Canada and the Badminton and Racquet Club of Toronto.
CityNews sports reporter Danielle Michaud said they knew D'Amico from Tennis Canada. They took to Twitter, saying “My @TennisCanada family lost one of its brightest lights & biggest hearts in Anne Marie D'Amico. I'm devastated for their family … a big, loving, tight-knit group. No words for this tragedy.”
Awful news pours in when you work at a news station, but this is the first to hit home. My @TennisCanada family lost one of its brightest lights & biggest hearts in Anne Marie D'Amico. I'm devastated for their family...a big, loving, tight-knit group. No words for this tragedy. pic.twitter.com/0FptJ40Ihc — Danielle Michaud (@CityMichaud) April 24, 2018
A GoFundMe page has been set up for the victims and their families, raising more than $20,000 by Tuesday morning.
The city and Toronto police have set up hotlines to offer support to those affected by the incident, and for witnesses who may be able to help with the investigation.
MORE ABOUT TORONTO VAN ATTACK:
All Times EDT EASTERN CONFERENCE GP W L OT Pts GF GA Tampa Bay 72 49 19 4 102 260 202 Boston 71 45 17 9 99 239 184 Toronto 72 43 22 7 93 243 204 Washington 72 41 24 7 89 225 214 Pittsburgh 72 41 26 5 87 237 218 Columbus 73 40 28 5 85 205 203 Philadelphia 73 37 25 11 85 218 215 New Jersey 72 37 27 8 82 217 215 Florida 70 36 27 7 79 212 216 Carolina 72 31 30 11 73 194 225 N.Y. Rangers 72 32 32 8 72 208 231 N.Y. Islanders 72 30 32 10 70 231 262 Montreal 73 26 35 12 64 182 232 Ottawa 71 26 34 11 63 197 244 Detroit 72 26 35 11 63 184 224 Buffalo 72 23 37 12 58 172 236 WESTERN CONFERENCE GP W L OT Pts GF GA Nashville 72 48 14 10 106 236 178 Vegas 72 46 21 5 97 244 199 Winnipeg 72 43 19 10 96 240 189 Minnesota 73 41 24 8 90 227 210 San Jose 72 40 23 9 89 219 199 Colorado 72 39 25 8 86 231 209 Los Angeles 73 40 27 6 86 211 184 Anaheim 73 37 24 12 86 206 197 Dallas 73 38 27 8 84 209 197 St. Louis 72 39 28 5 83 201 193 Calgary 74 35 29 10 80 204 222 Chicago 73 30 34 9 69 208 223 Edmonton 72 31 36 5 67 201 231 Vancouver 72 25 38 9 59 186 236 Arizona 72 24 37 11 59 175 230
NOTE: Two points for a win, one point for overtime loss. Top three teams in each division and two wild cards per conference advance to playoffs.
Sunday's Games
Colorado 5, Detroit 1
Vegas 4, Calgary 0
Tampa Bay 3, Edmonton 1
Carolina 4, N.Y. Islanders 3
Philadelphia 6, Washington 3
Winnipeg 4, Dallas 2
St. Louis 5, Chicago 4, OT
Anaheim 4, New Jersey 2
Monday's Games
Columbus 5, Boston 4, OT
Nashville 4, Buffalo 0
Florida 2, Montreal 0
Los Angeles 4, Minnesota 3, OT
Arizona 5, Calgary 2
Tuesday's Games
Columbus at N.Y. Rangers, 7 p.m.
Dallas at Washington, 7 p.m.
Pittsburgh at N.Y. Islanders, 7 p.m.
Edmonton at Carolina, 7 p.m.
Florida at Ottawa, 7:30 p.m.
Philadelphia at Detroit, 7:30 p.m.
Toronto at Tampa Bay, 7:30 p.m.
Los Angeles at Winnipeg, 8 p.m.
Colorado at Chicago, 8:30 p.m.
Vancouver at Vegas, 10 p.m.
New Jersey at San Jose, 10:30 p.m.
Wednesday's Games
Montreal at Pittsburgh, 7 p.m.
Arizona at Buffalo, 7 p.m.
Boston at St. Louis, 8 p.m.
Anaheim at Calgary, 9:30 p.m.
Thursday's Games
N.Y. Rangers at Philadelphia, 7 p.m.
Arizona at Carolina, 7 p.m.
Florida at Columbus, 7 p.m.
Tampa Bay at N.Y. Islanders, 7 p.m.
Washington at Detroit, 7:30 p.m.
Edmonton at Ottawa, 7:30 p.m.
Toronto at Nashville, 8 p.m.
Vancouver at Chicago, 8:30 p.m.
Los Angeles at Colorado, 9 p.m.
Vegas at San Jose, 10 p.m.
Advertisement
The New Health Care People Don't Take Their Pills. Only One Thing Seems to Help. High-tech approaches and “reminder” packaging don't work well. Reducing prices does.
For all that Americans spend on prescription drugs — $425 billion last year — you'd think we'd actually take our medicine.
But one of the frustrating truths about American health care is that half or more of prescribed medication is never taken.
It's called medication nonadherence, and it's a well-documented and longstanding problem, particularly for patients with chronic conditions. The drugs they're prescribed are intended to prevent costly complications, reduce hospitalization, even keep them alive. But even when the stakes are high, many patients don't take their meds.
Image When drugs cost less, patients are more likely to fill prescriptions and less likely to skip doses and split pills. Credit Photo Illustration by Joe Raedle/Getty Images
This seems like a problem we ought to be able to solve. It motivates high tech approaches, like digital pills that can automatically communicate to doctors that they've been taken.
Maybe people forget to take their meds — about 60 percent of people say as much — so we just need to remind them. Maybe people don't understand the value of what they're prescribed, so we just need to educate them. Maybe drug regimens are too complex, so we just need to simplify dosing.
All these methods have been tried. It's not so clear any of them work very well.
Only one approach has repeatedly been shown to be effective: reducing the cost of medications.
First, let's look at the research on the other methods. So-called reminder packaging — pill packaging or containers that organize drugs by single dose or day of the week — is a relatively simple idea intended to help people remember to take their prescribed dose.
A systematic review by the Cochrane Collaboration found that it was helpful in doing so, but only modestly. Surveying 12 randomized controlled trials, the authors concluded that reminder packaging increased the number of pills taken by patients by 11 percentage points. But they also found that most of the studies had significant methodological flaws, casting doubt on the findings. Other systematic reviews of reminder packaging studies also found problems with the research, like small sample sizes and short follow-up periods.
Perhaps reminder packaging is too passive, and patients need something like an alarm to alert them when they've missed a dose. Electronic pill monitors can do that. Some just remind patients to take their medication. More sophisticated ones alert doctors when they don't. In 2014, a team of researchers from the Brigham and Women's Hospital and Harvard Medical School published a systematic review of such devices in the Journal of the American Medical Association. Here, too, the results are disappointing. Most studies of such devices do not detect improvement in adherence.
A recent randomized trial not included in these systematic reviews tested three dose reminder approaches for people with a chronic health condition or depression: a pill bottle with toggles for each day of the week that can be changed after each daily dose; a pill bottle cap with a digital timer displaying the time elapsed since the medication was last taken; and a pill organizer with a compartment for every day of the week. Over 50,000 subjects were assigned randomly to one of these approaches or to none, as a control.
None of the devices performed better than the control in getting patients to take their medications. One possible explanation is that forgetfulness may not be why patients don't take their medications as prescribed. Drug costs, a wish to avoid side effects, and a desire to be less reliant on drugs are some of the other reasons patients don't take them.
“It is also possible that for reminder devices to be effective, they need to be coupled with other adherence-improvement strategies,” said Niteesh Choudhry, lead author of the study and a physician with Brigham and Women's Hospital and Harvard Medical School.
That's why augmenting electronic monitoring with other information or assistance delivered to patients may be more successful, if more expensive. For example, one study found that the adherence of hypertensive patients increased when digital display containers were combined with a blood pressure cuff and a card for recording blood pressure. This suggests that when patients receive feedback that signals how well they are controlling their condition, they may be more willing to take their medication.
Still, it isn't hard to find studies that show that even with considerable support, getting patients to take medications can be challenging. A Cochrane review examined randomized controlled trials of interventions — across many dimensions — to increase medication adherence. Reminder packaging and alarms were just some of the methods assessed, with approaches including patient and family education about the value of medication, and mail or telephone follow-up.
Of the 182 randomized trials reviewed, four stood out as the most methodologically sound. Among those, two increased adherence but two did not. Over all, the authors concluded that there was a lack of convincing evidence that even complex and costly interventions significantly increased patients' compliance with drug regimens.
“A cure for nonadherence is nowhere to be seen,” they wrote. A more recent study not included in the Cochrane review found that not even providing patients with financial incentives and social support, along with pill bottles that signal when a dose should be taken, was enough to boost adherence among heart attack survivors.
So why is price so important?
When drugs cost them less, patients are more likely to fill prescriptions. Even if people have already purchased drugs, they may skip doses — or split the pills — because of concerns that they won't be able to afford future refills. Free drugs don't get everyone to take them, but many more do so than if they have to pay for them.
For those with certain chronic conditions, extra help in affording medications can reduce adverse events and hospitalizations — a big increase in quality of life, as well as a potential benefit to the wider health care system and the economy.
Lowering prescription drug costs has been a longstanding pursuit for many politicians, and Medicare Part D and the Affordable Care Act helped (although most Americans still say costs are too high). President Trump said drug companies “have been getting away with murder,” but lower drug costs have not yet been a top priority of this White House.
Austin Frakt is director of the Partnered Evidence-Based Policy Resource Center at the V.A. Boston Healthcare System; associate professor with Boston University's School of Public Health; and adjunct associate professor with the Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health. They blog at The Incidental Economist, and you can follow them on Twitter. @afrakt
Sign up for The Upshot Newsletter Get the best of The Upshot's news, analysis and graphics about politics, policy and everyday life. SEE SAMPLE Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. * Required field You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times products and services. Thank you for subscribing. View all New York Times newsletters. An error has occurred. Please try again later. You are already subscribed to this email. View all New York Times newsletters. Sign Up
PASADENA, CA (CBS Local) – Flippy, the burger-flipping robot cook, has returned to a California fast food chain. The new and improved Flippy is looking to erase its rocky March debut, when it got a pink slip after just one day on the job.
Miso Robotics sold burger chain CaliBurger on the idea of replacing its kitchen staff with the patty-flipping robots in 2017. “We really think of ourselves as a technology company that happens to sell cheeseburgers,” CaliBurger founder John Miller said at the time.
However, Flippy's 2018 debut didn't go as planned. The automated grill operator couldn't keep up with the demand customers at the Pasadena restaurant had for a robot-cooked burger. Flippy was shut down on March 9 after its first day when it couldn't flip enough patties or properly put them on the serving trays.
“We got a little ahead of ourselves,” Miso Robotics CEO David Zito told USA Today, admitting they “were overwhelmed by the response.”
Flippy the robot's burgers may be better than yours https://t.co/xEtdqfgPP4 pic.twitter.com/B4zdDUVxOm — USA TODAY Tech (@usatodaytech) May 25, 2018
After two months on the shelf, Flippy's creators say the robot is ready for the kitchen again. It's already handling the chain's lunch shift, cooking burgers for three hours a day, seven days a week.
“Now they move like a ninja and is more reliable,” Zito added.
CaliBurger says that it still plans to have the upgraded Flippy robots in 50 of its locations by 2019. Each robot reportedly costs between $60,000 and $100,000.
The robotics company insisted that their robot is not meant to put humans out of work and said humans are still needed to help Flippy operate in the kitchen. “Our mission is to improve working conditions of chefs and line cooks with assistants, not replace them,” Zito said via CBS News.
Getty Image
It never seemed like Russell Westbrook‘s ability to take the floor for Game 5 of the Oklahoma City Thunder‘s series against the Utah Jazz was in serious doubt, but on Tuesday evening, the NBA confirmed that they won't miss any time. Westbrook was involved in an altercation during Monday night's Game 4, one which saw them jaw with Rudy Gobert.
The issue was that no one was sure if Westbrook was in the game or not at the time, as they were at the scorers table when Gobert got into it with Raymond Felton. The NBA has made coming onto the floor in these situations a suspend-able offense, as fans of the 2007 Phoenix Suns will remind you.
Westbrook's response was that the horn sounded and they were able to check in, upon which the NBA agreed. They will, however, get punished by the league in the form of a hefty fine and a technical foul.
SACRAMENTO, Ca. -- Playing with a squad mostly made up of reserves and youngsters, Real Salt Lake was exposed early and often against a Sacramento Republic FC attack that had failed to score in either of its last two USL games.
In the end, it was two first half set-piece goals and a first half stoppage time penalty from former MLSer Jeremy Hall that ended any Open Cup aspirations that RSL might have had.
The Republic dominated in nearly every meaningful statistical category en route to a 4-1 victory as Trinidad and Tobago international Trevin Caesar, Agustin Cazarez and Danny Barrera joined Hall on the scoresheet.
Box Score
29' - SAC - Trevin Caesar (Danny Barrera, James Kiffe) Watch
35' - RSL - Ricardo Velazco (Omar Holness) Watch
43' - SAC - Agustin Cazarez (Danny Barrera) Watch
45+1' - SAC - Jeremy Hall (PK) Watch
71' - SAC - Danny Barrera (James Kiffe) Watch
Lineups
SACRAMENTO REPUBLIC FC (4-4-2, right to left): #12 Evan Newton -- #26 Elliott Hord, #23 Emrah Klimenta, #5 Chris Christian, #15 James Kiffe -- #10 Danny Barrera, #22 Jeremy Hall, #6 Agustin Cazarez, #17 Tyler Blackwood (Christian Chaney, 87') -- #19 Trevin Caesar (Wilson Kneeshaw, 67'), #9 Harry Williams (Gabe Gissie, 85')
UNUSED SUBS: Jakubek, McGlynn, Ochoa, Suma
REAL SALT LAKE (4-3-3, right to left): #1 Lalo Fernandez -- #3 Reagan Dunk (Andrew Brody, 82'), #6 Justin Schmidt, #40 James Moberg, #42 Max Lachowecki -- #12 Omar Holness, #43 Nick Besler, #29 Jose Hernandez (Daniel Haber, 67') -- #70 Jordan Allen (Brooks Lennon, 45'), #22 Ricardo Velazco, #23 Sebastian Saucedo
UNUSED SUBS: Sparrow, Gallagher, Curinga, Mulholland
A suicide bombing in Pakistan's northwestern Swat Valley killed 11 soldiers and wounded 13 on Saturday in what authorities said was the first attack in over three years in the region once ruled by militants.
No group immediately claimed responsibility for the attack.
The bomber detonated their explosives vest near an empty lot used by the soldiers for sports and exercise in the Kabal area, the military said. Initial reports said three troops died in the attack but later the army said another eight soldiers who were critically wounded died of their wounds. One officer was among those killed.
The military said the wounded were being treated at a local hospital.
Security forces cordoned off the area and were searching for possible accomplices of the bomber, the statement added.
Islamic militants ruled the picturesque Swat Valley from 2007 until a massive military operation routed them from the area in 2009. The operation involved evacuating 2 million people from the valley. They were able later to return to their homes.
Pakistani Prime Minister Shahid Khaqan Abbasi and other political leaders condemned the attack. Abbasi pledged that the country's security forces will "fight until the last terrorist is eliminated."
All Times EST EASTERN CONFERENCE GP W L OT Pts GF GA Home Away Div Tampa Bay 50 34 13 3 71 176 128 17-5-1 17-8-2 9-3-1 Boston 48 29 11 8 66 157 119 16-6-4 13-5-4 10-1-2 Washington 50 30 15 5 65 155 141 19-7-1 11-8-4 9-4-3 Toronto 52 29 18 5 63 167 146 14-8-2 15-10-3 6-4-1 Pittsburgh 52 28 21 3 59 156 155 18-7-1 10-14-2 10-4-0 New Jersey 49 25 16 8 58 147 147 13-8-3 12-8-5 5-6-1 Columbus 50 27 19 4 58 133 140 16-8-1 11-11-3 8-5-2 Philadelphia 50 24 18 8 56 144 146 13-9-4 11-9-4 5-3-4 N.Y. Rangers 50 25 20 5 55 153 151 17-8-3 8-12-2 7-6-3 N.Y. Islanders 52 25 22 5 55 173 189 13-8-3 12-14-2 7-7-1 Carolina 50 23 19 8 54 139 155 11-7-4 12-12-4 6-5-3 Florida 48 20 22 6 46 136 159 11-8-3 9-14-3 6-4-1 Detroit 48 19 21 8 46 126 146 10-10-7 9-11-1 6-9-2 Montreal 50 20 24 6 46 130 159 12-10-5 8-14-1 9-6-2 Ottawa 48 15 24 9 39 125 168 9-11-5 6-13-4 5-8-3 Buffalo 50 14 27 9 37 115 166 6-13-3 8-14-6 3-5-2 WESTERN CONFERENCE GP W L OT Pts GF GA Home Away Div Vegas 49 33 12 4 70 168 130 19-3-2 14-9-2 12-1-1 Winnipeg 51 30 13 8 68 167 137 18-3-1 12-10-7 7-5-2 Nashville 48 29 12 7 65 146 125 16-5-3 13-7-4 10-4-2 St. Louis 52 31 18 3 65 151 131 18-10-0 13-8-3 7-4-1 Dallas 51 28 19 4 60 155 137 17-8-1 11-11-3 7-10-0 San Jose 49 26 16 7 59 145 138 14-7-3 12-9-4 12-2-3 Los Angeles 50 27 18 5 59 142 121 12-9-3 15-9-2 6-9-3 Minnesota 50 27 18 5 59 147 142 17-4-4 10-14-1 8-8-0 Anaheim 51 25 17 9 59 144 142 14-9-3 11-8-6 8-5-5 Colorado 49 27 18 4 58 160 143 18-7-1 9-11-3 7-6-1 Calgary 50 25 17 8 58 139 139 12-12-3 13-5-5 8-6-3 Chicago 50 24 19 7 55 148 137 12-10-3 12-9-4 6-7-2 Edmonton 49 22 24 3 47 135 157 11-13-1 11-11-2 10-2-0 Vancouver 50 20 24 6 46 131 162 9-13-3 11-11-3 5-9-1 Arizona 50 12 29 9 33 118 172 6-15-3 6-14-6 1-7-5
NOTE: Two points for a win, one point for overtime loss. Top three teams in each division and two wild cards per conference advance to playoffs.
Tuesday's Games
Minnesota 3, Columbus 2, SO
Pittsburgh 5, San Jose 2
Florida 4, N.Y. Islanders 1
Anaheim 3, Boston 1
Carolina 2, Ottawa 1
New Jersey 3, Buffalo 1
Winnipeg 3, Tampa Bay 1
St. Louis 3, Montreal 1
Chicago 2, Nashville 1
Los Angeles 3, Dallas 0
Vegas 4, Calgary 2
Vancouver 4, Colorado 3, OT
Wednesday's Games
Toronto 5, N.Y. Islanders 0
Washington 5, Philadelphia 3
San Jose at Detroit, 8 p.m.
Thursday's Games
Toronto at N.Y. Rangers, 7 p.m.
Montreal at Carolina, 7 p.m.
St. Louis at Boston, 7 p.m.
Florida at Buffalo, 7 p.m.
Anaheim at Ottawa, 7 p.m.
Philadelphia at New Jersey, 7 p.m.
Vegas at Winnipeg, 8 p.m.
Los Angeles at Nashville, 8:30 p.m.
Tampa Bay at Calgary, 9 p.m.
Dallas at Arizona, 9 p.m.
Colorado at Edmonton, 9 p.m.
Chicago at Vancouver, 10 p.m.
Friday's Games
Washington at Pittsburgh, 7 p.m.
Detroit at Carolina, 7 p.m.
San Jose at Columbus, 7 p.m.
Vegas at Minnesota, 8 p.m.
Saturday's Games
Ottawa at Philadelphia, 1 p.m.
Anaheim at Montreal, 1 p.m.
Detroit at Florida, 7 p.m.
Pittsburgh at New Jersey, 7 p.m.
St. Louis at Buffalo, 7 p.m.
Columbus at N.Y. Islanders, 7 p.m.
Colorado at Winnipeg, 7 p.m.
Toronto at Boston, 7 p.m.
N.Y. Rangers at Nashville, 8 p.m.
Minnesota at Dallas, 8 p.m.
Tampa Bay at Vancouver, 10 p.m.
Chicago at Calgary, 10 p.m.
Arizona at Los Angeles, 10:30 p.m.
'); StatBanner('btw', bl); } else { show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); } } } function mailru_ads(data, el) { if(data && data.length > 0) { var ban_location = $(el).attr("ntv-loc"); var bl = parseInt(ban_location); if(bl == 3 && typeof b240_callback !== 'undefined') { try { window[b240_callback](); } catch(e) {} } StatBanner('all', bl); } } if(_adsPreview == 1) { $(".mrg-tag").each(function(idx, value) { var el = $(this); var bl = parseInt(el.attr("ntv-loc")); //console.log("bl="+bl); var wrapperElement = this.parentNode; try{ wrapperElement.removeChild(this); } catch(e){} show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); }); } else { (MRGtag = window.MRGtag || []).push({ onNoAds:function(resp) { mailru_noAds(resp); }, onAdsLoaded: function(data, el){ mailru_ads(data, el); }, iframeMode: false }); } function StatBanner(type, place) { if (type == 'all') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_showed" }); } if (type == 'noAds') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_mailru_error" }); } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_top" }); try { reachGoal('banner_error_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_ntv_showed" }); } if (type == 'btw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_showed" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_showed'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'nobtw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_error" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_error'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4_ntv" }); } } $(function() { var o = document.createElement('vid' + 'eo'); if(isFInst && (!o || !o.canPlayType || !o.canPlayType('video/mp4; codecs="avc1.640029, mp4a.40.2"'))) { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "html5_media_support" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('html5_media_support'); } catch (e) {} } }); // -->
DHS and the FBI identified IP addresses and other indicators associated with the malware to help organizations protect themselves against the threats. Joanap lets hackers run commands remotely -- they can scrape data, install more malware and manage files and directories. Brambul, meanwhile, can send hackers system information like the IP address, host name, username and password via email, among other things.
Although the malware is largely targeting organizations, there are a few measures you can take to stay more secure at home, the agencies say. Those include running operating systems and software on their latest patches, updating antivirus software, enabling firewalls and more strictly managing how users can install and run unwanted software. Those concerned about the malware might wish to monitor IP addresses linked to the malware for suspicious activity too.
The hackers, who have also been called the Guardians of Peace and the Lazarus Group, have been accused of orchestrating several attacks, such as the 2014 Sony Pictures hack. The group may also have been behind the WannaCry ransomware, which impacted governments, national health services, companies and universities last year.
Each week, millions of anxious Canadians struggle with the same existential question: is it garbage or recycling day? Remembering which colour of bin to put out is just a pain for most of us, but the Royal Bank of Canada sees it as a “pain point” they can use to their advantage, as a play on data collection that can turn you into a new or bigger customer.
Knowing they have a 50-per-cent chance of guessing wrong, more than 30,000 people in Toronto visit the services page on Toronto.ca each month to view the schedule. Many more simply peek through their window to see which bin the neighbours have put out by the curb. And about a million calendars are mailed out yearly to residents by the city, to stay on top of it. Want someone to make it easier? RBC has reached out to help and to get it, all you have to do is sign up to its garbageday.co website—with your personal information.
Mind you, unless you are one of that rare breed who regularly read deep into the terms and conditions on websites, you may never even know it's RBC you are relying on for the helpful reminders, or that the bank will consolidate your personal information to target you with future marketing.
In today's marketing world, the banks are data-rich but handcuffed by privacy law in how they use that data for targeting. A content play like GarbageDay, a free online service which sends registered users a text or e-mail notification about which bin is being collected on their street on any given day, allows RBC to collect and utilize personal data in a relationship that, in this case, is all about garbage or recycling rather than RRSPs, mutual funds or the private details of your bank account.
GarbageDay is being promoted via sponsored tweets, and @GarbageDayCo has more than 200 followers on the social media platform as it rolls out in Ontario. Social media users exposed to the posts would have to dig deeper to see that the service is owned by RBC Ventures, a business unit of RBC that is focused on building what a spokesperson describes as “useful solutions” for consumers and businesses.
RBC Ventures currently has several entities in market to provide useful content to consumers around different subject areas, including an auto-focused entity called DRIVE, and Ownr, which provides a suite of services aimed at entrepreneurs. GarbageDay, according to its website, will provide a number of additional content/informational services in the future, all with the goal of making “managing a home easier for you.”
According to RBC, internal research indicated that keeping track of which bins to put out each week was a “real pain point” for Toronto homeowners. The bank acknowledged that agreeing to GarbageDay's terms and conditions means that RBC Ventures “may reach out with offers that we think users will like and also notify users when we launch additional home solutions.”
RBC says that its name is “transparent and frequently cited” on the GarbageDay website, noting that it can be found on both the “About Us” and “Contact Us” sections, as well as the “legal,” “accessibility,” “privacy policy,” and “terms and conditions” sections in so-called “mouse type.”
However, a privacy researcher believes that most consumers are ignorant of the actual opt-in terms, and will focus only on the “End the guesswork” clickwrap (the button users click to accept all terms and conditions of an online service) that follows the mandatory fill-in fields (your address, mobile number and e-mail address) on the GarbageDay website.
“While [the clickwrap] helps companies get people through consent processes quickly, which in many respects is what users seem to want, it does circumvent consent processes,” says Jonathan Obar, assistant professor in the department of communication studies at York University.
Obar says that GarbageDay's terms and conditions of use, which allow for users' personal data — including information about “financial behaviour such as your payment history and credit worthiness” — to be collected and used for, among other things, determining eligibility for products and services offered by RBC, raise some privacy concerns.
“This is supposed to be a fun, useful app about garbage pick-up,” they say. “Why would data that's being collected from this service be relevant to eligibility for [RBC] products and services?”
Brett Channer, CEO of Toronto advertising agency Mass Minority, says that RBC — the country's largest lender with approximately $1.28 trillion in assets — will “totally” use the data collected via GarbageDay registrations to market its products and services.
“A month from now, they're getting a notice [saying] ‘Is your mortgage coming up for renewal in the next six months? We can do it earlier.' That's what it's going to do,” they say.
Data is increasingly the lifeblood of modern marketing, fuelling brands' efforts in the customer relationship management (CRM) space. “As the eradication of advertising is upon us, [taking with it] the way to transform people into customers, these brands are desperate to find other ways,” says Channer.
While they call GarbageDay a “nice [value] exchange that doesn't deserve to be hidden,” Channer says that RBC's efforts to conceal its association reflects brands' wariness about being associated with advertising in an era of ad avoidance.
Some Twitter users have already called out RBC for not making its association with GarbageDay more apparent. “Data mining disguised as a helpful neighbour” is one accusation. “Is this just [an] @RBC trick to get your online data habits?” asks another.
Yup. Data mining disguised as a “helpful neighbour”. — Joel Clements (@joel_clements) May 23, 2018
Is this just a @RBC trick to get your online data habits? Why hide the fact it is an RBC product? — Logan (@LoganOrley) May 24, 2018
While RBC contends that it is being fully transparent about its affiliation with GarbageDay, a 2016 research study co-authored by Obar and the University of Connecticut's Anne Oeldorf-Hirsch suggests that only a fraction of its customers who click on the “End the guesswork” clickwrap are aware they are granting it access to highly personal data.
In that study, the researchers created a fake registration page for a fictitious social network called NameDrop, whose terms of service agreement contained several so-called “gotcha clauses” — including sharing their personal data with the U.S. National Security Agency, and providing their first-born child as payment for access.
According to the study, 98% of people completely overlooked the terms of service clauses, and the average reading time for the section was just 51 seconds. In a self-report assessment of survey participants related to reading times of the policy pages for social media networks like Facebook and Twitter, respondents cited the nuisance factor and “information overload” as key reasons why they didn't fully read the terms and conditions page.
There is growing awareness and concern over how consumers' online data is being collected and harvested in the wake of the recent Facebook and Cambridge Analytica scandals related to Donald Trump's presidential campaign and the May 25 introduction of the European Union's new General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) protections.
While you may not have heard of the GDPR, it's the reason your in-box has recently been flooded with e-mails bearing subject lines like “Your action required,” “We've Updated/Improved Our Privacy Policy” and more plaintive messages like “Let's not say goodbye.” If they don't receive a fresh opt-in from you, many companies will no longer be legally able to reach you in the same way.
In basic terms, the GDPR is a legal framework that sets tighter guidelines for data collection, storage and usage, while imposing revenue based fines of 10 million Euros or 2% of worldwide revenue for the prior year (whichever is higher) at the lower level – and double that at the higher level – for its improper use.
The RBC spokesperson says that the company will only use personal information “for the purposes communicated in our client agreements,” and will obtain consent before using information for a purpose not listed in its current agreement.
“We are strongly committed to being transparent and explicit around customer consent, and we've increased our investment in this area to make sure that we continue to stay ahead of this evolving issue.”
But one GarbageDay user told Maclean's they had “absolutely no idea” that they had consented to their personal financial data being shared with RBC, calling its actions a “violation of privacy.”
In a Twitter exchange, they informed GarbageDay that they had traditionally relied on the calendar that the city sends to one million Toronto households each December.
Jim McKay, general manager with the city's solid waste management service, says that collection calendar is “by far” the most popular source of information for information about the city's waste management system. “We keep doing these surveys thinking everyone is moving to online platforms, and yet the traditional collection calendar is always number one on the list,” they say. “As long as its number one, we're going to keep providing it.”
GarbageDay, meanwhile, claims that its service is intended as a complement to the city's literature, describing it as being “for those that want a proactive reminder vs. looking at the calendar each week.”
MORE ABOUT MARKETING:
Rail fares have increased twice as much as pay since 2010, according to new research ahead of news on how many prices will go up next year.
Commuters and other passengers will find out on Tuesday how much extra they will be charged from the new year.
The Government links the annual January rise in Britain's regulated fares with the previous July's Retail Price Index (RPI) measure of inflation, which will be announced by the Office for National Statistics (ONS).
Regulated fares make up almost half of all tickets and include season tickets and standard returns.
They increased by 1.9% in January, but the RPI figure for July this year is expected to be around 3.9%, which would lead to the highest increase in fares since 2012.
An analysis by the Rail, Maritime and Transport union (RMT) showed that rail fares have risen by around 32% in eight years, while average weekly earnings have only grown by 16%.
The rises mean for example that a new nurse or police officer commuting from Chelmsford to London, where an annual season ticket would cost £4,000 after the latest rise, would pay 20% of their salary on an annual season ticket, said the union.
RMT general secretary Mick Cash said: "Government policy of suppressing workers' wages while at the same time presiding over corporate welfare on our privatised railway has resulted in a toxic combination of fare rises easily outstripping wages.
"The private operators and government say the rises are necessary to fund investment but the reality is that they are pocketing the profits while passengers are paying more for less, with rail engineering work being delayed or cancelled, skilled railway jobs being lost and staff cut on trains, stations and at ticket offices."
Fewer than half (47%) of passengers are satisfied with the value for money of train tickets, according to the latest survey by passenger watchdog Transport Focus.
TUC research showed that UK commuters spend up to six times as much of their salary on rail fares as other European passengers.
As fares for passengers rise, private train companies paid out £228 million in dividends to their shareholders, while the taxpayer handed £3.2 billion to these companies last year, said the union organisation.
TUC General Secretary Frances O'Grady said: "This is grim news for commuters, who are facing another year of fare hikes. Overcrowded and understaffed trains are costing them more and more.
"Meanwhile it's pay day for private rail companies, whose owners gifted themselves nearly a quarter billion in dividends last year.
"Enough is enough. It's time for rail services to be publicly owned, saving money for passengers and taxpayers alike."
Shadow transport secretary Andy McDonald said the Government "simply can't justify allowing passengers to be ripped-off under privatised rail".
"It is outrageous that UK commuters pay over the odds in order to subsidise travel in France, Germany, Holland and Italy and generate huge profits for private train companies," they said.
"The Tories ought to be standing up for the interests of the travelling public rather than the private and foreign state-owned companies who run our railways.
"The Retail Price Index should be scrapped as the measure for increases and replaced with the lower Consumer Price Index."
A Department for Transport spokesperson said: "The Government carefully monitors how rail fares and average earnings change, and keeps under review the way fare levels are calculated.
"We are investing in the biggest rail modernisation programme for over a century to improve services for passengers - providing faster and better trains with more seats.
"We have always fairly balanced the cost of this investment between the taxpayer and the passenger. We are driving the industry hard to improve efficiency to ensure we maximise the value of passengers' and taxpayers' investment in the railways.
"Regulated rail fares are capped in line with inflation for next year."
Paul Plummer, chief executive of the Rail Delivery Group, said: "Money from fares pays to run and improve the railway, making journeys better, boosting the economy, creating skilled jobs and supporting communities across Britain, and politicians set increases to season tickets.
"It's also the case that many major rail industry costs rise directly in line with RPI.
"Rail companies are working together to improve performance now, adding thousands more seats over the next 18 months and, longer term, simplifying fares and ticket buying so that the country has the railway it needs to prosper."
Police say the estranged wife of Lesotho's prime minister-elect has been shot dead, raising concerns about further political instability in this tiny southern African nation.
Police Senior Superintendent Clifford Molefe says Lipolelo Alice Thabane, the wife of Thomas Thabane, was killed Wednesday night by unknown assailants outside their home in the capital. There have been no arrests.
The prime minister is set to be inaugurated Friday after their party won elections earlier this month.
Thabane is a former prime minister who fled Lesotho in 2014 out of concern that soldiers planned to assassinate him. The country has seen a number of high-profile assassinations.
Neither Thabane nor officials with their All Basotho Convention party could immediately be reached.
Lesotho's government secretary, Lebohang Ramohlanka, says the inauguration is should go as planned.
Dubai's ruler has announced that the sheikhdom which is home to the world's tallest skyscraper will build a new 1,400-berth marina and massive lighthouse along its coast.
Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum made the surprise announcement Monday about the Dubai Harbor.
The harbor is planned to be over 20 million square feet (1.86 million square meters) and will include a cruise ship port and terminal. The project also will include a 135-meter- (443-foot-) tall lighthouse.
Meraas, a developer backed by Sheikh Mohammed, will build the project between Dubai's Jumeirah Beach Residence neighborhood and the human-made Palm Jumeirah archipelago.
Authorities offered no cost estimates for the project.
Dubai is the commercial hub of the United Arab Emirates, an oil-producing nation squeezed in recent months by low crude prices.
Israeli Public Security Minister Slams Justice Ministry for Shielding Offenders
Ministry preventing transfer of information about job seekers' criminal records to private institutions in the name of protecting privacy, Gilad Erdan says
WANTAGH, N.Y. (CBSNewYork) — Spring has sprung, and summer is right around the corner.
With fluctuating temperatures — soaring and then retreating — it's important to prepare homes and gardens for the new season.
“We are excited about some nice weather. We are hoping to get some trees to spruce up the front of our house,” Liz Haines said.
Karen Musgrave from Hicks Nurseries has all the answers.
“Now, is a great time to plant trees and shrubs,” they said.
Roots will take off now that the ground has thawed.
“Now is when you can prepare, the soil, turning the soil over, adding some nutrients,” Musgrave told CBS2's Jennifer McLogan.
Rake flower beds, and mow lawns. Annuals should be planted by Mother's Day.
“Walk your garden, look around the whole entire yard, pick up any sticks, any debris that might have accumulated over the winter time, and then put down a good two inches of mulch in all of your garden beds,” they said.
Be on the lookout for ants, termites, camel crickets, and wood boring beetles — those pests can wreak havoc.
Termites and other nuisance insects lay eggs in the spring, and thrive in warm weather. Cockroaches, and camel crickets cluster around pipes, stoves, sinks, sewers, and downspouts.
“Once you find them in big numbers you will start seeing some fecal matter in those moisture areas,” Henry Yane said.
Get rid of damp leaves under decks, move wood piles away from foundations, caulk window wells, dehumidify basements, and check last year's air conditioners in windows and walls.
“You want to open up and check the filter,” Joseph Ruggiero, PC Richard And Son, explained.
Ruggiero said filter replacements can be cut to size.
“This is where the cold air blows. If you try to wash this where the cold air comes out, it will wind up freezing the unit,” they said.
Should that happen, it's time for a new AC.
Portable air conditioners need to be vented, and a safety appliance is suggested in case of a summer power surge.
“This will protect your air conditioner and service box from any damage,” Ruggiero said.
Experts also suggested checking roof shingles, gutters, outside faucets, storm drains, and chimneys for winter damage.
'We Don't Know Where They Are': Five States on Alert After Alleged Facebook Killer Promised More Deaths
The Latest on Flint's water crisis (all times local):
6:10 p.m.
Michigan Gov. Rick Snyder is sticking by a decision to end state-funded credits on customers' water bills in Flint.
They say they and Flint Mayor Karen Weaver had a "constructive" meeting Tuesday, but they reaffirmed that the credits will last through February because the water's lead level is no longer above a federal limit. Residents are still using filters.
Weaver, who did not speak with reporters after the meeting at Snyder's office, had criticized eliminating the credits that apply retroactively to 2014 and after.
Snyder says they and the mayor also spoke about replacing lead pipes and ways to bring jobs to the impoverished city.
———
6 p.m.
A Flint hospital is firing back against the state of Michigan after officials ordered the hospital to immediately fix conditions they suspect post an ongoing public health threat of Legionella bacteria.
McLaren Flint said Monday the state provided "absolutely no support" during a deadly Legionnaires' disease outbreak in 2014 and 2015 in Genesee County.
The hospital says now that criminal charges have been filed against current and former state and city employees, the state is "retroactively casting blame" for cases it did nothing about for years.
The state Department of Health and Human Services issued the order Monday. It says there is reasonable belief that McLaren Flint's water system is a "nuisance, is in an unsanitary condition, and is a possible source of illness."
———
3:35 p.m.
Michigan is ordering a Flint hospital to immediately fix conditions the state suspects pose on ongoing public health threat of Legionella bacteria.
The state Department of Health and Human Services issued the order Monday. It says there is reasonable belief that McLaren Flint's water system is a "nuisance, is in an unsanitary condition, and is a possible source of illness."
The state says 10 of the 12 Legionnaires' disease deaths that some outside experts have linked to Flint's water crisis are associated with the hospital, but it has failed to provide sufficient information verifying compliance with federal recommendations. The state also cites a 2014 analysis conducted for McLaren by a company that said it appeared Flint's water supply was not contributing to Legionella issues at the hospital.
A hospital spokesperson could not immediately be reached for comment.
———
9:45 a.m.
The mayor of Flint is meeting with Michigan's governor to discuss the state's decision to no longer fund residential water bill credits or help the beleaguered city pay for water from a Detroit-area system.
Flint Mayor Karen Weaver is expected to meet with Gov. Rick Snyder in Lansing Tuesday afternoon.
State officials announced Jan. 24 that the financial assistance will stop at the end of February because the level of lead in Flint's water no longer exceeds the federal limit.
Michigan has partially covered customers' bills dating back to April 2014. Snyder's office estimates the state will have spent $41 million on that by the end of February.
Snyder's spokesperson Anne Heaton said Monday that the elimination of credits and other payments isn't a sign of Michigan abandoning Flint.
The three children of an Anaheim man who was killed when they became entangled in a rock crushing machine at a Riverside County materials recycling plant in 2013 were collectively awarded $30 million from the maker of the device Monday.
A Los Angeles Superior Court panel deliberated for about 1 1/2 days before reaching its verdict in trial of the products liability suit brought against North Dakota-based General Equipment & Supplies Inc. on behalf of the children of Rolando Anaya. Their two sons are currently 17 and 11 years old and their daughter is now 14. The suit was filed in September 2015 by their mother, Eliza Perez.
Anaya, 34, was killed on Oct. 7, 2013, when they became entangled in the tail pulley and conveyer belt of the machine at the R.J. Noble Co. materials recycling plant in an unincorporated area near Corona while cleaning debris and loose rock as part of their duties as a groundsman.
“The family is pleased that justice has been done,” said plaintiffs' attorney Donald Liddy, who had recommended a $45 million award. “California will not tolerate workers being exposed to dangerous machines in the workplace.”
The jury found General Equipment to be 70 percent responsible for Anaya's death and R.J. Noble 30 percent responsible. General Equipment attorney John Kaniewski said the jury's verdict means that the amount their client will have to pay based on the verdict is $21 million because of the reduction for R.J. Noble's negligence.
Kaniewski said the total will be reduced further because of a settlement the plaintiffs reached with another defendant before trial, but added they could not comment on the amount of the settlement.
Kaniewski said they were still disappointed with the verdict and that an appeal will be made on a number of legal issues. They had recommended that the jury, if inclined to assess damages, award a collective total of no more than $3 million to the children.
R.J. Noble was not a party in the underlying lawsuit and will not have to pay the plaintiffs anything.
According to Liddy, the area below the tail pulley of the machine's conveyor belt did not have a protective guard or a mechanism in place that would have shut the motor off automatically without the guard in place, much like a clothes dryer stops running when the door is opened.
There also were no pull cords or other safety devices that would have allowed Anaya to stop the machine immediately in an emergency, according to Liddy, who said the device had a design defect that made the machine less safe.
Jury supervisor Javier Cenizo, 51, of Pasadena, said the majority of the panelists all agreed on the safety issues raised by Liddy.
“I just hope the manufacturer does a better job in designing the machine,” Cenizo said.
Janet Jackson's husband Wissam Al Mana wrote a heartfelt letter to the superstar on their website amid reports that the couple are estranged.
The pair recently became parents to a baby boy, Eissa Al Mana. A rep for Jackson did not confirm that they have split, but a message on their website next to a photo of Jackson professes their love for her, calling them the most beautiful person in the world.
The message ends: “We will be together in the Great Forever.”
The singer showed off them a picture of them and their son for the first time Friday in a social media post .
The Clarks Originals Wallabees are a staple to hip-hop — memories of Ghostface Killah running down ways to “freak 'em” on the 1995 classic “Glaciers Of Ice” come to mind — and rap's current golden boy Drake is continuing that legacy with their own collaboration arriving this week.
Branded alongside the More Life MC's successful OVO brand, Clarks' latest collab marks the second time these two have come together. Complete with an engraved OVO monogram print on the forefoot and the brand's signature owl emblem fob, these are the definition of clean. Drizzy, you did your thing player!
Expect the limited edition OVO x Clarks Originals Wallabees collection to drop in both adult and kids sizes beginning this Friday (April 27) exclusively in the OVO online store and the Clarks Berwick Street store in Soho, London.
Closer look with the product shots below:
Images: Clarks®
One man is dead after officials with Louisiana State Police said sheriff's deputies were trying to serve an arrest warrant.
Troopers identified them as Avery Metrejean, 35, of Morgan City.
According to LSP officials, the St. Martin Parish Sheriff's Office requested LSP detectives investigate an officer-involved shooting in Cade just after 10 p.m. on Monday.
The initial investigation revealed that SMPSO deputies were trying to serve an arrest warrant on a man at a home on Duchamp Road near LA 182.
Officials said while trying to serve the warrant, deputies encountered Metrejean armed with a gun. They say shots were fired at Metrejean and they were hit. They were then taken to the hospital, where they later died.
The investigation is ongoing.
Copyright 2017 WAFB. All rights reserved.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Chandler Stephenson, Andre Burakovsky and T.J. Oshie ended lengthy goal droughts to help the Washington Capitals rally past the Philadelphia Flyers 5-3 on Wednesday night.
Stephenson scored twice after going without a goal for 28 games, Burakovsky scored on the power play after coming up empty for 10 games and Oshie lifted their arms and looked to the sky when they scored on the power-play to end their 13-game dry spell. Devante Smith-Pelly scored Washington's fifth goal on 20 shots to chase Philadelphia starter Michal Neuvirth midway through the third period of a game the Capitals trailed 2-0 after one.
Braden Holtby stopped 27 of the 30 shots, including an important glove save early on Travis Konecny and several saves against Flyers captain Claude Giroux. The Capitals avoided what would have been their first four-game home losing streak since 2010 on the heels of their NHL-best 10-game home winning streak that ended Jan 11.
No. 2 pick Nolan Patrick, Konecny and Jakub Voracek scored for Philadelphia. Alex Lyon made their NHL debut in relief of Neuvirth, stopping five shots in preparation for what could be their first start Thursday at New Jersey.
The Flyers got off to a hot start when Patrick made the most of their promotion to second-line center by scoring on a 2-on-1 rush with Wayne Simmonds just 1:18 in. Holtby robbed Konecny on another rush, but the young forward scored to make it 2-0 at 7:50 as they followed up Sean Couturier's initial shot.
As much as Philadelphia dominated the first period, Washington took over in the second, starting with a mistake by Neuvirth when they lost the puck under him. Stephenson poked it in to get the Capitals on the board and scored on a breakaway 47 seconds later to tie it at 2.
Stephenson's two goals in under a minute came after they scored two in their first 36 games this season.
With Flyers defenseman Andrew MacDonald in the penalty box for slashing, Lars Eller won a faceoff and a puck battle before directing it on net for Burakovsky's first power-play goal of the season 14:32 into the second to give the Capitals the lead. It was all Capitals from there, though Flyers fans filled the arena with "E-A-G-L-E-S" chants days before the Super Bowl.
NOTES: Smith-Pelly replaced healthy scratch Jakub Vrana, who has one point in 13 games. Smith-Pelly's goal was their first since Jan. 2. ... Patrick had their first career multipoint game. ... Neuvirth and Lyon were Philadelphia's goaltending tandem because Brian Elliott is on injured reserve with a lower-body injury.
UP NEXT
Flyers: Visit the New Jersey Devils on Thursday night.
Capitals: Visit the Pittsburgh Penguins on Friday night.
___
Follow Hockey Writer Stephen Whyno on Twitter at https://twitter.com/SWhyno
___
For more NHL coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey
MASON — Students and staff at Wahama Junior/Senior High School were dismissed at 8:30 a.m. this morning due to a reported threat, according to the office of Superintendent Jack Cullen.
The Mason County Sheriff's Department is assisting in this investigation. No further information is available at this time but will be posted here as it becomes available.
http://www.mydailyregister.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/24/2018/05/web1_3.18-PPR-Graphic-23.jpg
Tesla's S-curve is starting to look more like a sheer cliff-face. As an investor, you either relish the challenge or peer over the edge with a smidgen of trepidation.
Late Monday, Tesla Inc. reported production and deliveries for the third quarter. There were two pieces of good news. First, the company delivered more vehicles than it produced for the first time in almost two years. Second, it raised sales guidance for its established Model S and X vehicles. Previously, it had expected to sell slightly more of these in the second half than the first, implying maybe 95,000 for the year as a whole. It now expects to deliver 100,000 in 2017, a 31% jump compared with 2016.
Given a somewhat patchy history when it comes to hitting targets or earnings forecasts, this will no doubt come as good news to many Tesla investors — although, to be fair, they rarely display noticeable concern about such things.
Yet the bad news overshadows all this.
The bad news concerns the Model 3, Tesla's cheaper vehicle launched in July. Only 260 of these were made in the third quarter, of which 220 were actually delivered.
Only in August, the company expressed confidence it could produce more than 1,500 in the quarter (already a big downgrade to earlier targets). Given that 30 were delivered in July, that implied a weekly run rate of at least 170 by the end of September — and actually more than that, if production was truly following an S-curve, as per Tesla's guidance.
As it is, the average for the past two months is about 26 per week.
Tesla blames bottlenecks on a mere “handful” of subsystems at its manufacturing plants for the weak figures. It went out of its way in Monday's announcement to emphasize the problem wasn't a bigger one: “It is important to emphasize that there are no fundamental issues with the Model 3 production or supply chain. We understand what needs to be fixed and we are confident of addressing the manufacturing bottleneck issues in the near-term.”
On the importance of this point, Tesla is spot-on. An extra 5,000 or 6,000 Model S and X deliveries is nice, but unlikely to make much difference to Tesla's ferocious rate of cash burn, forecast to be $1.6 billion for the second half, according to estimates compiled by Bloomberg. Nor do they justify a current valuation multiple of 29 times 2018 Ebitda.
The Model 3's success is critical, demonstrating that Tesla can cultivate a much wider market for its vehicles — going up against increasingly electrified incumbent automakers over time — and that the manufacturing prowess of which CEO Elon Musk has boasted repeatedly is real.
Living up to that just got way harder.
In August, Tesla expected to be producing 5,000 a week by the end of December. That implied an increase of 44 times the average weekly production rate of the third-quarter — based on the old guidance, that is.
Using the actual numbers for the quarter just gone, the required ramp-up is now on the order of 250 times — soaring, steep, sheer.
Liam Denning is a Bloomberg Gadfly columnist covering energy, mining and commodities. They previously are the editor of the Wall Street Journal's "Heard on the Street" column. Before that, they wrote for the Financial Times' Lex column. They have also worked as an investment banker and consultant.
This column does not necessarily reflect the opinion of Bloomberg LP and its owners.
TORONTO — Curtis Granderson hit a solo shot off Craig Kimbrel in the 10th inning to give the Toronto Blue Jays a 4-3 victory over the Boston Red Sox on Tuesday night at Rogers Centre.
Granderson belted a 2-0 pitch for a no-doubt shot to deep right field. It was their third homer of the season and fourth career walkoff blast.
The Red Sox have lost three in a row but still own the best record in the major leagues at 17-5. The Blue Jays (14-8) moved three games behind Boston in the American League East division standings.
Toronto right-hander Tyler Clippard worked one inning of relief for the victory.
The Red Sox tied the game in the ninth inning by scoring two runs off Blue Jays closer Roberto Osuna.
Eduardo Nunez drove in Hanley Ramirez to make it a one-run game and Brock Holt delivered a two-out single to bring Rafael Devers home with the tying run. Nunez tried to score on the play but Granderson threw them out at home to prevent Boston from taking the lead.
Toronto starter J.A. Happ deserved better than a no-decision after striking out 10 batters over seven innings. They allowed one earned run, four hits and did not issue a walk.
The Blue Jays put three runs on the board in the second inning. Devers, the Boston third baseman, had a rough frame and Toronto took full advantage.
With runners on the corners, Kevin Pillar hit a grounder to third but Devers was wide with their throw home to allow Steve Pearce to score.
Granderson hit a sharp grounder later in the frame that handcuffed Devers after it hit the seam where the turf meets the dirt infield. The ball bounced behind Devers and as they retrieved it, Aledmys Diaz and Devon Travis scampered home.
Stock indexes ended slightly higher Wednesday after overcoming a brief afternoon stumble.
The dip came after the Federal Reserve released its latest statement on interest rate policy and the economy. Stocks bounced back in the last hour of trading, with gains by technology companies outweighing losses in health care and other sectors.
On Wednesday:
The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 1.38 points, or 0.1 percent, to 2,823.81.
The Dow Jones industrial average added 72.50 points, or 0.3 percent, to 26,149.39.
The Nasdaq composite climbed 9 points, or 0.1 percent, to 7,411.48.
The Russell 2000 index of smaller-company stocks gave up 7.83 points, or 0.5 percent, to 1,574.98.
For the week:
The S&P 500 is down 49.06 points, or 1.7 percent.
The Dow is down 467.32 points, or 1.8 percent.
The Nasdaq is down 94.29 points, or 1.3 percent.
The Russell 2000 is down 33.08 points, or 2.1 percent.
For the year:
The S&P 500 is up 150.20 points, or 5.6 percent.
The Dow is up 1,430.17 points, 5.8 percent.
The Nasdaq is up 508.09 points, or 7.4 percent.
The Russell 2000 is up 39.47 points, or 2.6 percent.
Impact Wrestling
Hello, and welcome to weekly Impact Wrestling coverage on With Spandex. And also welcome to me, LaToya Ferguson, your recapper and friend. Who loves ya, baby? Me, the person who gets down to the nitty and the especially gritty of Impact Wrestling every week just for you.
Now for some good housekeeping: You can follow me on Twitter here, With Spandex here, and Uproxx here. And don't forget to watch Impact Wrestling on Pop at 8 pm on Thursdays so you can read these pieces and share them with the online world. That shouldn't be too difficult, should it?
Previously: We suffered through a Tyrus match, only for them to leave the company days later. Again. Now I understand seeing value in yourself, but there's a reason no Impact regime is making them a main event player …
LONDON (AP) — Visitors to London will soon be able to enjoy the golden age of ocean travel at the Victoria and Albert Museum.
The "Ocean Liners: Speed and Style" exhibit is billed as the first ever to explore the design and cultural impact of the great passenger ships that linked the United States and Europe.
Among the items on display are a Cartier tiara recovered from the Lusitania, which sank in 1915, and a panel fragment from the Titanic's first class lounge. There is also an Art Deco interior panel from the famed French liner Normandie.
Director Tristram Hunt said the museum has been collecting ship-related objects for more than a century.
The exhibit opens Saturday and will run until June 10.
Best of Wilson County: Hearthside
For almost 20 years, Hearthside has provided quality living assistance for members of our community who need extra care in their daily lives. Our dedicated and caring staff is available to offer a helping hand with meals, grooming, bathing, dressing, medication administration or just companionship.
At Hearthside, we take pride in our service to our residents and our truly home-like atmosphere. We make every effort to preserve and promote the dignity and independence of our residents.
Offering our Community:
Apple's FileVault encryption program was initially introduced with OS X 10.3 (Panther), and it allowed for the encryption of a user's home folder only. Beginning with OS X 10.7 (Lion), Apple redesigned the encryption scheme and released it as FileVault 2—the program offers whole-disk encryption alongside newer, stronger encryption standards. FileVault 2 has been available to each version of OS X/macOS since 10.7; the legacy FileVault is still available in earlier versions of OS X.
This comprehensive guide about Apple's FileVault 2 covers features, system requirements, and more. We will update this article if there's new information about FileVault 2.
SEE: Encryption Policy (Tech Pro Research)
Executive summary
What is FileVault 2, and how does it encrypt data? FileVault 2 is a whole-disk encryption program that encrypts data on a Mac to prevent unauthorized access from anyone that does not have the decryption key or user's account credentials.
FileVault 2 is a whole-disk encryption program that encrypts data on a Mac to prevent unauthorized access from anyone that does not have the decryption key or user's account credentials. Why does FileVault 2 matter? Encryption of data at rest or stored on a disk is often the last resort to ensuring that data is protected against unauthorized access. The recent high-profile security breaches make it even more important to know about encryption programs such as FileVault 2.
Encryption of data at rest or stored on a disk is often the last resort to ensuring that data is protected against unauthorized access. The recent high-profile security breaches make it even more important to know about encryption programs such as FileVault 2. Is FileVault 2 available to all macOS users? All macOS users can enable FileVault 2 to protect their data. Some users running more recent versions of OS X can also enable disk encryption, while others using older versions of OS X will only be able to utilize legacy FileVault, which encrypts just their home folder.
All macOS users can enable FileVault 2 to protect their data. Some users running more recent versions of OS X can also enable disk encryption, while others using older versions of OS X will only be able to utilize legacy FileVault, which encrypts just their home folder. What are the pros and cons to using FileVault 2? Some of the pros include it supports legacy hardware, and deployment may be locally or centrally managed by users or the IT department. One con is enabling FileVault 2 can have a negative impact on I/O performance of approximately 20-30% of modern CPUs. More pros and cons are detailed in this article.
Some of the pros include it supports legacy hardware, and deployment may be locally or centrally managed by users or the IT department. One con is enabling FileVault 2 can have a negative impact on I/O performance of approximately 20-30% of modern CPUs. More pros and cons are detailed in this article. What are alternatives to FileVault 2? The main competitors are VeraCrypt, BitLocker, GnuPG, LibreCrypt, and EncFS.
The main competitors are VeraCrypt, BitLocker, GnuPG, LibreCrypt, and EncFS. How can I get FileVault 2? FileVault 2 is baked in to all versions of macOS and supported versions of OS X. The encryption program is turned off by default, though it's easy to enable.
Additional resources
What is FileVault 2, and how does it encrypt the startup disk on Macs?
FileVault 2 is an encryption program created by Apple that provides full-disk encryption of the startup disk on a Mac computer. By utilizing the latest encryption algorithms and leveraging the power and efficiency of modern CPUs, the entire contents of the startup disk are encrypted, preventing all unauthorized access to the data stored on the disk; the only people that can access the data have the account credentials that enabled FileVault on the disk, or possess the master recovery key.
By enabling FileVault 2's whole-disk encryption, data is secured from prying eyes and all attempts to access this data (physically or over the network) will be met with prompts to authenticate or error messages stating the data cannot be accessed—even when attempting to access data backups, which FileVault 2 encrypts as well.
Additional resources
Why does FileVault 2 matter?
FileVault 2, in and of itself, cannot prevent users from attacking your system or otherwise exfiltrating the encrypted data. The encryption program is not a substitute for proper physical, logical, and data security standards, but rather a part of the overall puzzle that makes up your device's security.
Data encryption is often seen as the last resort because, if all other security features in place are compromised, encrypted data will still be unreadable by everyone except people that have the decryption key, or those that can brute-force their way past the algorithm, which is easier said than done.
SEE: All of TechRepublic's cheat sheets and smart person's guides
If the encryption standard in place is properly implemented and uses a strong, modern algorithm, and the recovery keys are not accessible or consist of a long, random key space, the attackers will have their work cut out for them. If the attackers gain access to the data sitting on the disk, they may be able to copy it, take it off your network, and even attack it directly, but they'll still be at an impasse if they cannot crack the encryption. And if the attackers cannot crack the encryption, your data will remain unreadable, and subsequently, of little to no real use or value.
Additional resources
Is FileVault 2 available to all macOS users?
Users running OS X 10.7 (Lion) or later, all the way through the current version of macOS 10.13 (High Sierra), may enable and fully utilize the full-disk encryption capabilities of FileVault 2 on their desktop or laptop Mac computers.
By default, the feature is disabled; however, it only takes accessing the System Preferences and clicking the Turn On FileVault 2 button to enable the feature and encrypt your whole disk. Encryption may be enabled by the user or managed by the administrators for company-owned devices. Administrators have set policies via Profile Manager and/or scripts that will enable FileVault 2 during deployment and implement institutional recovery keys that the company manages in order to recover encrypted data per device, if needed.
SEE: Essential reading for IT leaders: 10 books on cybersecurity (free PDF) (TechRepublic)
Once FileVault 2 is enabled, only the user with administrative privileges that enabled FileVault 2 with their account may decrypt the drive's contents. Additionally, a master recovery key is created during the initial process; users with either of those keys may be the only ones to decrypt the volume and read the contents of the drive.
Additional resources
What are the pros and cons to using FileVault 2?
The pros to using FileVault 2
It's a native Apple solution that is designed by Apple for Apple computers.
FileVault 2 supports legacy hardware, even for devices that are no longer officially supported by Apple.
Deployment of FileVault 2 may be locally or centrally managed by users or the IT department.
Whole-disk encryption works to safeguard all data stored on disk now and in the future.
Backup of encrypted data works seamlessly with Time Machine to create automated backup sets.
Disks encrypted with FileVault 2 must first be unlocked by user accounts that are "unlocked enabled"; these are typically accounts with administrative privilege, preventing non-admin accounts from accessing the disk's contents, regardless of the ACL permissions configured.
FileVault 2 uses a strong form of block-cipher chain mode, XTS, based off the AES algorithm using 128-bit blocks and a 256-bit key.
The cons to using FileVault 2
Legacy FileVault (or FileVault 1) does not encrypt the whole-disk—only the contents of a user's home folder. This affects legacy hardware that do not support the features in FileVault 2.
Backing up encrypted data with Time Machine can only be done when a user is logged off of the session. For on-the-fly backups, the destination path must be a Time Machine Server, which requires macOS Server to perform online backups.
The encryption passphrase used to encrypt the disk is the same as the end-user's password that enabled FileVault 2. If the password becomes compromised, the disk may be encrypted and data may be compromised.
Enabling FileVault 2 can have a negative impact on I/O performance of approximately 20-30% of modern CPUs, and it noticeably worsens performance on older processor hardware.
If the passphrase or recovery key must be changed, the entire volume will need to be decrypted and have the encryption process run again with the new key.
Any device with FileVault 2 enabled must be unlocked by an admin credentialed account prior to being accessed or used by a non-admin account. If the device is not unlocked, non-admin accounts will not be able to use the computer until it is first successfully unlocked.
Individual files, folders, or any other kind of data cannot be encrypted on the fly. Only data that resides on the local disk or FileVault 2-encrypted volumes may be encrypted in their entirety.
Additional resources
What are some of the alternatives to FileVault 2?
VeraCrypt is a free, open source disk encryption software that provides cross-platform support for Windows, Linux, and macOS. It was derived from TrueCrypt, which was a full-disk encryption application that discontinued support by its creators after a security audit revealed several vulnerabilities in the software.
Having acquired the use of TrueCrypt, VeraCrypt forked the former app and corrected the vulnerabilities, while adding some changes to strengthen the way in which the files are stored. VeraCrypt creates a virtually encrypted disk within a file and mounts it as a disk that can be read by the OS. It can encrypt the entire disk, a partition, or storage devices, such as USB flash drives and provides real-time on the fly encryption, which can be hardware-accelerated for better performance. It also supports TrueCrypt's hidden volume and hidden operating system features.
BitLocker is Microsoft's full-disk encryption featured in supported versions of Windows Vista and later. Using default settings, BitLocker uses AES encryption with XTS mode in conjunction with 128-bit or 256-bit keys for maximum protection, especially when leveraged with a TPM module to ensure integrity of the trusted boot path, which prevents many physical attacks and boot sector malware from compromising your data.
When used on a computer in an Active Directory environment, BitLocker supports key escrow, which allows the Active Directory account to store a copy of the recovery key. In the event that data needs to be recovered, administrators may retrieve the key.
GnuPG is based on the PGP encryption program created by Phil Zimmermann, and later bought by Symantec. Unlike Symantec's offering, GnuPG is completely free software and part of the GNU Project. The software is command-line based and offers hybrid encryption by use of symmetric-key cryptography for performance, and public-key cryptography for the ease of exchanging secure keys.
While the lack of GUI may not be for everyone, the program's flexibility allows for signed communications, file encryption, and, with some configuration, disk encryption to protect data. Dubbed the universal crypto engine, GnuPG can run directly from the CLI, shell scripts, or from other programs, often serving as a backend for other applications.
LibreCrypt is a transparent full-disk encryption program that fully supports Windows and contains partial support for Linux distributions. It is open source and has an online community of users that are committed to resolving issues and introducing new features. Often cited as the most easy to use encryption program for Windows, it can create encrypted containers as well, mounting them as removable disks in Windows Explorer for easy access.
It addition to the multitude of supported encryption and hashing standards and modes, it also supports smart cards and security tokens to authenticate users, and decrypts data at the file level, partition, or for the entire disk.
EncFS is an encrypted filesystem that runs in the user-space, using the FUSE library. The FUSE library acts as an interface for filesystems in user-space that allows users to mount and use filesystems not natively supported by the host OS. FUSE/EncFS are open source releases and support Linux, BSD, Windows, Android devices, and macOS. It is also available in a number of languages, as it has been translated by community members.
With active community support on GitHub and regular updates, EncFS offers users the ability to create a filesystem that can be mounted and used to store secure data files, and then it may be unmounted to protect against offline attacks and unauthorized user access.
Additional resources
How can I get FileVault 2?
FileVault 2 is in all versions of OS X from 10.7 through macOS 10.13—it just needs to be enabled, as the service is turned off by default to allow end users to perform the initial setup process, which allows them to create a master recovery key. This key will act as a backup in the event that they become locked out of their account and must recover data via an alternate path.
Users of OS X prior to 10.7 may use Legacy FileVault, or FileVault 1 (the initial offering of the encryption application), which only encrypts a user's home folder and not the entire disk. This must be enabled per user on that device and will still leave any data not stored within an encrypted home folder available to unauthorized access.
The good news is that as long as your Apple computer supports a recent version of OS X or the modern releases of macOS, you can upgrade your Mac's operating system at anytime to a newer version to enjoy the benefits of FileVault 2's enhanced security.
Additional resources
For the latest IT security news, tips, and downloads, subscribe to our Cybersecurity Insider newsletter. Subscribe
Tina J. Park is a Ph.D. candidate in the Department of History at the University of Toronto, specializing in Canadian-Korean relations.  They are also a co-founder and executive director of the Canadian Centre for the Responsibility to Protect and vice-president of the NATO Association of Canada.
The escalation of tensions between the United States and North Korea over the past two weeks have left many quite anxious, including those of us in Canada. President Donald Trump's “fire and fury” warning to Pyongyang, in particular, epitomized how quickly tensions could escalate in a matter of hours. It had an eerie doomsday-like tone commonly found in the propaganda materials of Pyongyang, and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and Defence Secretary James Mattis rushed to downplay the severity of Trump's message. Some began to wonder: Will Canada be within the target range of the Intercontinental Ballistic Missiles (ICBMs)? If the United States was attacked, would Canada be called upon to help as a NATO member?
And of course, there has been an exchange of hostile rhetoric between Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un, sparked by North Korea's second test launch of Hwasong-14 on Jul. 28, its most potent ICBM to date. In a rare moment of unity, the UN Security Council unanimously passed a resolution on Aug. 5 to impose toughest-ever sanctions on North Korea. In return, Pyongyang promised to retaliate by a “thousand-fold.” Trump and Kim then traded threats over nuclear warheads, a potential attack in Guam, and even a pre-emptive strike by the United States. Just earlier on Monday, South Korea's recently installed president Moon Jae-In told Gen. Joseph Dunford, the chairperson of the U.S. joint chiefs of staff, that “our top priority is the national interest … and our national interest lies in peace.”
As a Pacific nation, Canada also has an interest in peace on the Korean peninsula. Canada's free trade agreement with South Korea, which came into force in 2015, is our first in the Asia-Pacific region. South Korea is Canada's seventh-largest trading partner, and the two-way trade is valued at more than $12 billion. More than a million people travel between Canada and South Korea every year. We have an active and thriving community of Korean-Canadians across Canada. What happens on the Korean peninsula matters to Canadians, and there is a role that Canada can play to alleviate tensions: Canadian diplomatic work in Seoul, Pyongyang, Washington, Moscow, and Tokyo would give genuine substance to Prime Minister Justin Trudeau's proclamation in 2015 that “Canada is back.”
It's clear that other voices beyond America are needed. Part of what has made the latest crisis so confusing was the lack of any coherent American policy on North Korea, aside from Trump's tweets. Those mixed signals from Washington, however, reflect a broader underlying problem which began long before the Trump era: the United States has failed in devising a consistent policy for dealing with North Korea, a failure that only gave the Kim regime more time to improve its military capabilities.
And with their bellicose and even reckless threats, President Trump's lack of experience as the commander-in-chief is now on full, public display. Their predecessors tried various options too, but none suggested military options as haphazardly as Trump has done on Twitter. If Trump's messages were aimed at deterrence, they failed both in changing Pyongyang's behaviour and in maintaining American credibility at home and abroad. In fact, any American efforts to outdo Pyongyang's military rhetoric will always be a futile exercise, precisely because it will feed into North Korean propaganda about the “existential threat” it faces from the United States. De-nuclearizing the Korean peninsula and dealing with the Kim regime will require a long-term strategy that involves patience and prudence, rather than belligerent rhetoric.
Indeed, diplomatic options are more attractive than any form of military confrontation with the formidable North Korea, which boasts one of the largest standing armies in the world, advanced nuclear and missile capabilities, a reservoir of chemical and biological weapons, and the latest submarine, cyber, and aircraft capabilities. Geography is also important: The small size of the Korean peninsula provides no room for surgical-strike operations, and Korea's geo-strategic location at the centre of northeast Asia means that there would be ripple effects on powerful neighbours like China, Russia, and Japan. Among some 51 million people in South Korea, there are 28,500 American soldiers and some 23,000 Canadians who currently live in South Korea. Any form of attack with conventional weapons would have devastating consequences within half an hour, and human costs of war on the Korean peninsula—coupled with the economic and commercial consequences and geopolitical instability—is something that nobody can afford. Any miscalculation or provocation would be deadly for both sides—a risk that both Pyongyang and Washington are fully aware of, despite the rhetoric we have heard over the past two weeks.
President Moon Jae-In and Foreign Minister Kang Kyung-Wha—the first woman to hold the position and who brings their extensive United Nations background to the job—are both fully committed to pursuing a diplomatic policy of engagement with North Korea, as Moon's recent speech in Berlin demonstrated. While the latest escalation of tensions has found South Korea calling for a full reform of its defence industry and installing additional Terminal High Altitude Area Defence (THAAD) anti-missile defence units, Moon's personal commitment to diplomatic solutions should be taken seriously. And they are seeking new partners: at the last G20 meeting in July in Hamburg, for instance, Moon pleaded for help from Trudeau in dealing with North Korea.
Canada, after all, has a long history of engagement on the Korean peninsula, dating back to the 1880s when the first group of missionaries from the University of Toronto arrived in Busan; Canada's early missionaries would go on to operate most actively in Hamgyong province, which is now part of North Korea. Long before diplomatic relations were even established, ordinary Canadians dedicated their lives to building schools, hospitals, and even fighting for South Korea's independence during Japanese colonial rule. After serving on the UN Temporary Commission on Korea in 1947-48, Canada then became the third-largest troop-deploying country in the Korean War when it broke out in 1950. More than 26,000 young and bright Canadians volunteered to serve in Korea in defence of freedom and security, and Canada remained active in sending humanitarian aid and adopting Korean orphans throughout the 1950s and 1960s. As two countries whose political, economic, and security interests are closely intertwined with the United States, Canada and South Korea maintained a special friendship throughout the Cold War.
Today, Canada is part of the UN Command Military Armistice Commission to supervise the Korean Demilitarized Zone, and the two countries are involved in active joint exercises. The two countries have engaged in an annual exchange of ships since 2000 and have participated in the Rim of the Pacific Exercise together. In time for Canada's 150th anniversary celebrations, HMCS Ottawa and HMCS Winnipeg arrived on the shores of Busan and Incheon, as part of the joint naval exercises for Poseidon Cutlass 17. In addition to advancing joint capabilities, it sent a clear signal that the Royal Canadian Navy is fully committed to improving interoperability with the Republic of Korea Navy in the Asia-Pacific region.
Meanwhile, despite the important leverage that China, the U.S., and the immediate neighbours of the Hermit Kingdom have on North Korea, their efforts have been stalled precisely because of differences in opinion. A new round of negotiations led by a third party like Canada could inspire a much-needed fresh approach in tackling the root causes of North Korea's military programs. The liberal democratic world can only exist if those who threaten it with violence are constrained by diplomatic measures that encompass respect, political engagement, humanitarian values, and strategic capability, and as a country that enjoys a special relationship with both the United States and South Korea, Canada has a lot to offer in this regard.
Canada also has a proven track record of serving as an honest broker in tough negotiations and in promoting global humanitarianism. The dire humanitarian situation in North Korea, where 25 million people are suffering under a brutal dictatorship, dying from hunger and facing crimes against humanity, also calls upon our collective responsibility to protect (R2P) people in peril. A proud Canadian intellectual legacy, R2P offers a wide variety of tools, including economic, political, and diplomatic options, so that principles of human equality and dignity can be upheld for those who cannot speak for themselves.
Trudeau and their foreign minister, Chrystia Freeland, have the political standing and capital to engage at a higher level to forge some international focus and coherence in dealing with North Korea. The return of pastor Hyeon-Soo Lim through Canada's diplomatic efforts, at a time when tensions are skyrocketing between Washington and Pyongyang, serves as a compelling example that there is room for diplomacy if we try hard enough.
To be sure, every time a leader uses political capital, domestically or internationally, there is risk. Having a constructive and independent Canadian foreign policy means standing up for our values and using our resources to fight for what's right. Louis St. Laurent did it with NATO and Canada in Europe; Lester B. Pearson did it on Suez; John Diefenbaker did it on South Africa; Brian Mulroney did it on free trade and the “Open Skies” initiative; Paul Martin did it on the establishment of the G20.
Today, Trudeau has a genuine opportunity to do so in Korea. Canadians will not fault them for trying. But they will—and should—fault them for looking the other way.
MORE ABOUT NORTH KOREA:
TORONTO -
Nikita Zaitsev is in.
And the Maple Leafs defenceman, as you might imagine, couldn't be happier.
“I'm so excited,” Zaitsev said on Monday morning at the Air Canada Centre. “It was hard to watch the games. Now I feel really good, so I can help the team.”
The Leafs managed to gain a split in the first two games of the best-of-seven opening-round Stanley Cup playoff series against the Washington Capitals without Zaitsev, and there's no doubt that their return to the lineup will help.
Zaitsev was out with an upper-body injury suffered in the last game of the regular season against Columbus. The 25-year-old rookie will be paired with Jake Gardiner, based on what the Leafs used during the morning skate, and the expectation is that Zaitsev and Gardiner will see plenty of the Caps' top line of Nicklas Backstrom between Alex Ovechkin and T.J. Oshie.
Morgan Rielly will have Matt Hunwick as a partner, and Connor Carrick will skate with Martin Marincin.
With Roman Polak done for the season after suffering a right leg injury in Game 2, Zaitsev's return is that much more crucial. For now, at least, we won't come to learn how Alexey Marchenko might fare in a playoff game for the Leafs, and that's probably a good thing.
The defence picture aside, the Leafs are ready to make an impact in this series on home ice. Game 3 on Monday at the ACC will be the first for the organization at home since May 12, 2013, when the Leafs beat the Boston Bruins 2-1 in Game 6 of the first round. The next night, of course, the Leafs blew a 4-1 lead in Game 7 in Boston and were eliminated.
Auston Matthews had no worry about the ability of themselves and their teammates to keep their emotions in check in what's sure to be a raucous environment.
“I think that kind of works in our favour, home ice,” Matthews said. “The crowd is going to be pretty excited, it's going to be an unbelievable atmosphere and as players we feed off that. I don't think (the possibility of running around on the ice) is the case. We just play hockey.”
Besides, as Rielly pointed out, it's not as though the Leafs are looking around and thinking they're lucky to be in the playoffs.
“It feels like we've earned the right to be here. It feels like we have proven ourselves that we're worthy to be here, so I think it's good to take advantage of the opportunity and make the most of it instead of being in awe of what's going on around us.
“It really goes a long way when your coach looks you in the eye and says you have earned the right to be here, you have earned the right to compete and play with these guys and then we go out there and we've put forth an effort that we can be proud of. It does a lot for the belief and attitude in this room.”
The Leafs had an opportunity in the past 24 hours to meet with Polak. There has been no confirmation regarding surgery for Polak from the club, but Matthews mentioned it.
“You never want to see someone go down like that,” Matthews said. “Roman is a pretty important part of this team, not only on the ice but off, they have had a lot of experience, so you hope for the best as far as recovery and surgery goes.”
As the Leafs welcome Zaitsev back, there could be a blow to the Capitals' blue line. Karl Alzner did not take part in the morning skate and though the Caps said it was a maintenance issue, they also said their status will be a game-time decision. Alzner has played in 540 consecutive regular-season games.
Matthews, meanwhile, is one of several Leafs rookies in search of their first point in the series. William Nylander, Connor Brown and Zach Hyman also have not yet found the scoreboard.
“We mention (Matthews in game planning), but we are not going out of our way to shadow them or anything ridiculous like that,” Capitals defenceman Matt Niskanen said of Matthews.
“You don't even have to mention it. Everyone knows who the top players are and you have to just know where they are on the ice.
“He has a lot of tools. I haven't seen, really, a skill that they can't do yet.”
tkoshan@postmedia.com
twitter.com/koshtorontosun
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
Sex workers in Zvishavane are reportedly masquerading as Midlands State University students through the use of their identification cards to lure clients in the mining town, a move which has further tarnished the university's image, an official has said.
The Midlands State University (MSU) Zvishavane campus director Professor Advice Viriri told the health and child care parliamentary portfolio committee and thematic committee on HIV and Aids during a meeting with students at the Zvishavane campus last Saturday that this has negatively impacted on the university's image.
Professor Viriri said identification cards were being abused especially by females because they are more marketable in sex work compared to any other sex workers.
They said they were still investigating how the identification cards ended up in the hands of non-students.
“We have sex workers plying in the town who are using the university's identity cards to entice clients. Since the opening of the Zvishavane campus in 2015, there had been reports that sex work had increased in the mining town while this had been attributed to the opening of the campus.
“We have however realized that some sex workers who are not students were using our identification cards to attract clients. It appears their clientele falls for that and brags about dating university students.
“So on several occasions when these sex workers who move around with students identification cards get into trouble and are arrested it is established that they are not our students,” they said.
Professor Viriri said they understand that some students are hiring out these cards to the sex workers for a fee although they are still carrying out an investigation.
“So you can imagine how this has heavily impacted on the university's image. We are still probing how these cards end up in the hands of these sex workers,” they added.
They appealed to the parliamentarians to help them deal with the negative publicity on the university students' morality and possibility of a higher HIV prevalence rate arguing that this has affected the students' prospects of getting internships as well as permanent employment.
“The university has received so much negative media publicity and most of the stories have been based on unsubstantiated reports and claims. Most of the stories are not even verified and in most cases even the victims of the negative publicity have later turned out not to be on our data base,” they said.
Although they admitted that the institution's students were not living in a vacuum hence also faced challenges that other students face, they said it was bad that some organizations carried out programmes at the university only to sensationalise their findings to the media.
Addressing students from MSU's Zvishavane campus, Dr Ruth Labode who chairs the health committee said the negative publicity the university continued to receive was unfair and could only pose as an obstacle to the 90-90-90 targets.
Dr Labode said the university's challenges were not by any chance different to any other tertiary institutions adding that they had similar challenges further arguing that the university had just been a victim.
They said all youths between the ages of 16 and 24 years were at higher risk of getting HIV.
“Your challenges are the same as those that are faced by youths of your age groups elsewhere in the country and MSU is not worse off than any other University in the country.
“Statistics show us that HIV prevalence is high among youths of 16 to 24 age groups, so it is a national problem,” they said.
“NUST, UZ and other tertiary institutions are also facing challenges such as abortions, sex work and all. This is a nationwide problem which has only been worsened by the economic challenges that the country is facing.
“I'm afraid this stigmatization due to the negative publicity will only see students not getting tested as they fear that the statistics will be recorded and reported, a move which can impede on the ending AIDS goal.
“Remove the MUS hat and wear the'm a girl or a boy in Zimbabwe whose challenges are not different from your peers.”
Honourable Prince Sibanda who also sits in the same committee concurred that the challenges the students at Midlands State University faced were not different as they urged the tertiary institution's clinic to offer friendly services to the young people if the country is to fast track the ending AIDS goal.
“Are you offering the students youth friendly services or you start lecturing them about being of lose morals when they present at the clinic. I'm a product of the MSU myself and I know that the services are not friendly at all.
“Stop lecturing these students and just counsel and give them youth friendly services. That is very crucial if we are to fast track the ending AIDS goal through the 90-90-90 targets,” they said.
The students who were in the meeting noted that the negative publicity was a cause of concern as they appealed to the lawmakers to help them address the issue where they have all been blanked as people with loose morals and possibility of a higher HIV prevalence rate had hindered their prospects of getting internships Morality and possibility of a higher HIV prevalence rate hindered their prospects of getting internships as well as permanent employment.
“It seems employers prioritise students from other Universities when looking for attachment impacting negatively on our chances of getting employment because the general belief is that MSU students have loose morals.
“Even when these statistics on HIV and Aids are released we never get to hear of statistics from other Universities except those from MSU, this also promotes stigma among MSU students,” said one of the students.
MSU has the largest enrollment in the country with over 22 000 students studying through conventional, parallel, block release and visiting classes.
Tertiary students and youths between 16 and 24 years are among the key affected populations which the country's HIV programmers are working closing with in HIV prevention, treatment and care programmes as they country seeks to fast track the end AIDS goal. H-Metro
Submit on Wednesday, June 14th, 2017 22:59
This entry was posted on Wednesday, June 14th, 2017 at 10:59 pm and is filed under LAUNCHES. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. You can leave a response, or trackback from your own site.
Thieves with armloads of stolen laptops and vacuum cleaners literally walked straight into the arms of police.It happened at a Costco in Seattle last week and it was caught on video.Officers responded to reports of shoplifting in progress. They arrested a woman who was sitting in a car pulled up to the store's emergency fire doors.Police say it was the getaway car.Officers were waiting when a man and a woman loaded down with stolen property kicked the doors open. The suspects tried to make a run for it but police nabbed them.Investigators say they had been spotted shoplifting from the store before.
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Latest on sexual misconduct allegations against President Donald Trump (all times local):
2:55 p.m.
The White House is pushing back on sexual misconduct allegations against President Donald Trump, saying they have already denied them.
Three women who previously accused Trump of sexual harassment shared their stories Monday on NBC's "Megyn Kelly Today." They're calling for a congressional investigation.
White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders says Trump "has addressed these accusations directly and denied all of these allegations." They say the people decided in November to elect them regardless.
Jessica Leeds, Samantha Holvey and Rachel Crooks are among the women who have alleged harassment by Trump.
The White House has called the claims false and "totally disputed in most cases."
The U.S. ambassador to the United Nations has said the women should be heard.
___
10:30 a.m.
Three women who have previously accused President Donald Trump of sexual harassment are sharing their stories on NBC's "Megyn Kelly Today."
Jessica Leeds, Samantha Holvey and Rachel Crooks on Monday told of alleged harassment by Trump spanning decades.
The White House called the claims false and "totally disputed in most cases." It said "the timing and absurdity of these false claims speak volumes."
One of the accusers, Rachel Crooks, called the White House statement "laughable."
Crooks says of sexual misconduct: "I think politicians seem to be immune to this."
The women, who first shared their stories before the November 2016 election, were holding a press conference later Monday to call for a congressional investigation into Trump's alleged behavior.
Serena Williams, the American tennis 23-time Grand Slam winner just won their first match just less than a year after giving birth. The champ stepped on the tennis court looking like a princess warrior, and feeling like one too, according to them
After looking elegant at the royal wedding a couple of weeks ago, Serena had to look fierce to match their strong comeback, to showcase that there's no body as strong as a woman's body, which is able to carry a child, give birth, and then come back to tennis court looking good as ever.
The bodysuit was designed by Nike, and I personally believe that this attire will a BS gamechanger for women who play sports. I feel that's more flexible, practical, and definitely comfortable.
How can a genuinely democratic, equitable and sustainable society be created? Donate to order this gift now!
By TERRY SPENCER and CURT ANDERSON
Associated Press
FORT LAUDERDALE, Fla. (AP) - In chilling cellphone videos released Wednesday, the suspect in a February massacre at a Florida high school announced their intention to become the next school shooter, aiming to kill at least 20 people and saying "you're all going to die."
The three videos released by prosecutors were found on the cellphone of suspect Nikolas Cruz after the Feb. 14 shooting at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School that killed 17 people and injured 17 others.
Cruz, wearing a ball cap, introduces themselves in the first video and says they are "going to be the next school shooter of 2018." They go on to say that they want to use an AR-15 to kill at least 20 people and specifies the high school in Parkland. The videos are undated, but on one they say, "Today is the day. Today it all begins. The day of my massacre shall begin."
"When you see me on the news, you'll all know who I am," they say in another and then laughs. "You're all going to die. ... Can't wait."
In a second video, Cruz briefly discusses logistics, including that they will take Uber to campus about 2:40. They then says he'll walk onto campus, go up some stairs, open their bag to take out their weapon and start firing. School surveillance video shows that was almost exactly what they did -the only difference being that they arrived at the school at 2:19 p.m.
In the third video, the camera apparently pointed at pavement, they talk about their loneliness, anger and hatred, and announces that the "day of my massacre shall begin."
"I live a lone life. I live in seclusion and solitude. I hate everyone and everything. But the power of my AR you will all know who I am. I had enough of being told what to do and when to do," they say. "I had enough of being told what to do and when to do. I had enough of being told that I'm an idiot and a dumbass. You're all stupid and brainwashed by the political and government programs."
They also referenced a former girlfriend, saying "I hope to see you in the afterlife."
Cruz is charged with 17 counts of murder and 17 counts of attempted murder in the attack. Their lawyers have repeatedly said Cruz would plead guilty if guaranteed a sentence of life without parole, but prosecutors refuse to waive the death penalty. Cruz, 19, is a former Stoneman Douglas student.
The Broward State Attorney's Office released the video because under Florida law, with few exceptions, evidence becomes a public record when it is turned over to the defendant's attorneys as part of the pretrial discovery process. Cruz's attorneys say they did not request evidence such as video from inside the building where the massacre happened and autopsy reports so they would not become public and "further hurt and inflame the victims' families and the community."
"This is an awful case and today is more of that awfulness and further shows how severely broken a human being the defendant is," Broward County Public Defender Howard Finklestein, whose office is representing Cruz, said in a statement.
Cruz spent several years at a school for children with emotional disabilities before being allowed to transfer to Stoneman Douglas. They spent several months there before being kicked out. Their late mother also called 911 on them almost 20 times over the years and they had a history of killing animals then posting images on the internet and taking body parts as souvenirs.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Rock Springs Game Warden Dave Hays is retiring after an interesting and very rewarding 39 years working for the Wyoming Game and Fish Department.
Hays, an Iowa native, graduated from University of Wyoming in 1980 with a Bachelor of Science Degree in Zoology and Wildlife Management. Hays began their career with the WGFD in 1978 as a temporary laborer at Horse Creek Feedgrounds. They transferred to the Laramie Game and Fish Regional Office, working various temporary appointments as a check station technician, biologist aid, district biologist, and eventually, a game warden trainee in Glenrock in 1982. In 1983, after graduating from the Wyoming Law Enforcement Academy, Hays was assigned to Alcova to work as a watercraft enforcement officer and, later that year, to work in the Cheyenne Game and Fish Headquarters. In 1984, Hays was assigned to Douglas and served as the district game warden in Converse County for 10 years. Hays transferred to Green River in 1994 and to Rock Springs in 1997, where they have been district game warden for the past 20 years.
In 1993, Hays received the statewide WGFD Peer Recognition Award and was also named Wildlife Officer of the Year by the Wyoming Game Warden Association.
“We are all grateful for Dave's service to our state and its wildlife for over three decades,” said Game and Fish Chief Game Warden Brian Nesvik. ”He served dutifully to fulfill all of their responsibilities in protecting and managing Wyoming wildlife resources.  They are known to be a straight forward game warden always willing to provide their input into how Wyoming's wildlife can be managed best. “
“Dave has been around long enough that there aren't many situations that they haven't dealt with before,” added Green River Game Warden Andy Roosa. ”He is definitely one of the guys that I and other game wardens call when we need some advice on how to handle difficult cases and situations.  They are always willing to help out when needed and still puts in as many hours as anyone during the busy seasons, even after 39 years. It will be a big loss to the Department and the Green River Region not having their knowledge and experience to call on.”
“Dave was a great neighboring warden; always there when I needed assistance and always ready to help,” said Baggs Game Warden Kim Olson.”Dave was always full of good advice and looked at the whole problem. They were also a great firearms instructor. They will be missed, but they are due for some fun and free time!”
“From the first day I started this career I would often think to myself, I can't believe I'm getting paid to do this,” Hays said. “After almost four decades, I still have a few of those same reflective moments.”
Hays shares their life with their two sons, David and Evan, and is moving to Nebraska with a fishing pole in one hand and a rifle in the other.
#milfucv, #amigas, #forte, #LocasLindas
A post shared by lafranconserva (@lafranconserva) on Aug 12, 2017 at 5:55pm PDT
Warriors swingman Andre Iguodala will not play in Monday night's Game 7 against the Rockets due to a leg injury, head coach Steve Kerr told reporters.
By Fungi Kwaramba
Former president Robert Mugabe returned home yesterday to face a torrent of allegations, inflamed by the recent bomb explosion that rocked the second city of Bulawayo on June 24, claiming two lives.
The 94-year-old teetotaller, who was receiving medical attention in Singapore, is being viewed with suspicion by their former allies in Zanu PF, who accuse them of working against President Emmerson Mnangagwa's administration.
In the wake of the bomb attack at White City Stadium, relations between the Mugabes and the so-called “new dispensation” plumped to their lowest depths, with Mnangagwa's government accusing the former first family of having been behind the blast.
Government claims the attack, which injured over 40 people, including Vice President Kembo Mohadi and Environment, Water and Climate minister Oppah Muchinguri-Kashiri, was an attempt on Mnangagwa's life.
Although police are still searching for clues in a bid to nail those behind the attack, Mnangagwa has set the cat among the pigeons by claiming that they have a hunch that Mugabe's allies, who go by the moniker Generation 40 (G40), were behind the dastardly incident.
Asked during a BBC interview if they trusted Grace, Mugabe's wife, Mnangagwa said they could not trust a person who attacked them before being silenced by guns.
“On what basis would I trust someone who was used by a cabal (G40) to say things that had no basis?” they said.
A source close to the Mugabe family told the Daily News that the former first family was unperturbed by the allegation, and was expected home yesterday.
The Mugabes boarded their flight back home from Dubai yesterday where they are understood to have a holiday home.
“He (Mugabe) is coming back home. There is no-where else they can go because this is their home; whatever threats may come from government, they are coming back home,” said the source.
Presidential spokesperson, George Charamba, was not immediately available for comment yesterday as they are accompanying Mnangagwa to the 31st Ordinary Session of the African Union Summit in Mauritania.
Before they rose to power through a military intervention that toppled Mugabe in November last year, Mnangagwa and some of their key allies had been hounded out of government and Zanu PF on allegations of scheming to topple the despot, who ruled Zimbabwe for 37 years.
At the time, G40 had made it clear that Mugabe was going nowhere, although it was quite apparent that the faction was also doing the bidding for Grace to succeed their husband ahead of Mnangagwa, who had the backing of the Team Lacoste faction.
Less than two weeks after they had been fired from the ruling party, and skipped the country into neighbouring South Africa, Mnangagwa made a dramatic comeback to assume the top office through a military intervention that forced Mugabe to resign.
Mugabe has described the new dispensation as illegitimate and is linked to the National Patriotic Front — a political outfit that emerged post the military intervention to contest for power.
They have repeatedly called for the country to return to “constitutionalism”.
Their fallout with Mnangagwa's administration has been worsened by indications that the former first family has warmed up to the MDC Alliance led by Nelson Chamisa ahead of the July 30 polls.
Mugabe's nephew, Patrick Zhuwao, who is one of the alleged G40 kingpins, wrote to British Prime Minister Theresa May recently warning them that Mnangagwa could use the Bulawayo bomb blast to go after their perceived enemies, including Mugabe.
“Mnangagwa's interview that was aired on BBC on June 27, 2018, places the blame for the Zanu PF bomb explosion on what the BBC referred to as ‘… Grace Mugabe's faction' on the basis of what Mnangagwa said was a ‘hunch without evidence'. Although that laughably ridiculous reference has spawned a social media parody under the hashtag ‘MyHunchWithoutEvidence', my knowledge of the way Mnangagwa operates is that they are planning to launch a crackdown in the same way that they have done over the last 38 years, notably in 2008 and during the Gukurahundi massacres,” said Zhuwao, a former Cabinet minister, in a letter to May.
According to Zhuwao, the fact that Mnangagwa attributes blame to a broad group of people on the basis of their hunch without any evidence was an ominous signal to those people that they intend to target them and their communities with violence akin to that of 2008.
“The use of the BBC to disseminate that ominous message is meant to communicate that, like during the Gukurahundi massacres, Mnangagwa has the unconditional support of the British government. The implication is that your government will turn a blind eye on the abuse of the tragic Zanu PF bomb in Bulawayo to violate human rights in the same way that the British government turned a blind eye on the Gukurahundi massacres,” said Zhuwao.
Another G40 functionary, Jonathan Moyo, said Mnangagwa's administration was now seeing ghosts everywhere.
“After the White City blast, nightmares about fake Mugabe meetings and sending criminals who failed to get pieces of the Njelele stone for them by dynamiting the Shrine last week, Mnangagwa has now chickened out of rallies earmarked for them in Matabeleland,” said Moyo. DailyNews
Expand Wael Abbas (top left), Haitham Mohamadeen (top right), Shady Abu Zaid (bottom left), and Amal Fathy (bottom right), were all arrested this month for charges such as joining “a banned group” or “terrorist organization” and spreading “false news.” © 2018 Private; Photo of Haitham Mohamadeen courtesy of Hossam el-Hamalawy
(Beirut) – Egyptian police and National Security forces have carried out a wave of arrests of critics of President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi in dawn raids since early May 2018, Human Rights Watch said today. The charges against them appear to be solely based on their social media posts and peaceful activism. Security briefly held several of the detainees incommunicado.
Those arrested include Hazem Abd al-Azim, a political activist, on May 27, and well-known journalist and rights defender Wael Abbas on May 23. Security forces blindfolded them and kept them for almost 36 hours in an unknown location before taking them before prosecutors. Others include Shady al-Ghazaly Harb and Haitham Mohamadeen, both lawyers; Amal Fathy, an activist; and Shady Abu Zaid, a satirist.
“The state of oppression in Egypt has sunk so low that al-Sisi's forces are arresting well-recognized activists as they sleep, simply for speaking up,” said Sarah Leah Whitson, Middle East and North Africa director at Human Rights Watch. “The message is clear that criticism and even mild satire apparently earn Egyptians an immediate trip to prison.”
The arrests come after a February statement by General Prosecutor Nabil Sadeq ordering prosecutors to monitor social media sites that “spread lies and fake news.” The statement said that government lawyers and chief prosecutors would take legal action against communication and sites that spread fake news, incite public fear, or damage public security.
Abd al-Azim had been a leading figure in the campaign to elect al-Sisi in 2014 but later became a critic. In March 2018, Abd al-Azim posted on their Twitter account recordings of two phone calls that they said were from security agents threatening them for their criticism. Media reports said that Supreme State Security Prosecutors (SSSP) ordered them detained for 15 days pending investigations and charged them with “joining an unlawful terrorist group” and “publishing and spreading false news.”
Expand Wael Abbas, blogger and journalist, was arrested from their home May 23, 2018. © 2018 Private
The Arabic Network for Human Rights Information (ANHRI), an independent rights group, reported that police forces who raided Abbas's home did not present a warrant or explain the reasons for their arrest. They seized personal belongings, including their laptop and several books. Abbas posted a message on their Facebook page at 5 a.m. saying, “I am being arrested.” The page is no longer available.
Their lawyers were not able to locate or contact them at first, but later found them at the prosecutors' headquarters, said Gamal Eid, the head of ANHRI and Abbas's lawyer. Eid said that National Security Agency officers interrogated Abbas several times before presenting them to prosecutors, who ordered them detained for 15 days pending investigations and charged them with joining a “terrorist organization,” using social media to spread the organization's ideas, and “spreading false news.”
Eid said that prosecutors indicted Abbas in case 441 of 2018, in which prosecutors claimed that detainees were part of the “media wing of the Muslim Brotherhood.” Prosecutors have indicted several journalists and activists in this case over the past weeks, including some who are critical of the Muslim Brotherhood, such as Adel Sabry, the chief editor of the independent news website Masr al-Arabiya.
The independent news website Mada Masr reported on May 28 that prosecutors ordered a doctorate student at the University of Washington, Seattle, Walid Khalil al-Shobaki, detained in the same case, interrogated them without a lawyer. Security held them incommunicado for almost four days. Security apparently arrested them shortly after they interviewed a law professor, Mohamed Nour Farahat, for their work on the independence of judiciary in Egypt.
Abbas, an award-winning blogger, founded “Egyptian Awareness,” writing about torture by the police and corruption, and posting videos and photos of protest crackdowns. Among their many awards are the 2008 Human Rights Watch Hellman Hammett award and the Knight International Journalism Award in 2007. They were named “Middle East Person of the Year” by CNN in 2007. Abbas is also active on social media sites, especially Facebook.
Expand Haitham Mohamadeen, social rights defender, was arrested on May 18, 2018 on charges of “joining a terrorist organization” and “inciting protests.” © 2018 Hossam el-Hamalawy
On May 15, the Giza prosecution summoned al-Ghazaly Harb for interrogation following a complaint from a lawyer based on their Twitter posts. These included controversial foreign affairs topics such as al-Sisi's plan to cede two Red Sea islands to Saudi Arabia.
Prosecutors initially accused them of insulting the president and said they would be released on bail. But when their lawyer went to finalize their release, they found that al-Ghazaly Harb had been transferred to SSSP headquarters for interrogation in another case. The prosecutors ordered them detained for 15 days pending investigations and charged them with “spreading false news” and “joining an illegal group.”
Expand Amal Fathy, political activist, was arrested from their home on May 11, 2018. © 2018 Private
A state security prosecutor ordered lawyer Mohamadeen, a workers' rights defender, detained for 15 days on charges of “joining a terrorist organization” and “inciting protests,” in the same case for which authorities interrogated al-Ghazaly Harb. National security forces initially detained Mohamadeen on May 18 and held them incommunicado for two days.
On May 11, security forces arrested Fathy from their home after they posted a video on their Facebook page criticizing the government and police for failing to protect women from harassment in public places and also criticizing the efficiency of employees in a government-owned bank. The security forces also arrested their husband, Mohamed Lotfy, the head of the independent rights group the Egyptian Commission for Rights and Freedoms (ECFR). Police took their 3-year-old son to the police station with them and released them and Lotfy a few hours later but kept Fathy, claiming their case needed prosecutors' review. Prosecutors of al-Maadi district in Cairo kept them in detention on accusations of “intending to topple the ruling regime” and “misusing social media” and spreading rumors.
Police arrested Abu Zaid on May 6 after taking their two laptops, two phones, cash, a camera, and other personal belongings during a raid on their home, their sister said. Their lawyer, Azza Soliman, said that their whereabouts are unknown. Later SSSP ordered them detained on charges of “joining a terrorist organization” and “spreading false news.”
Abu Zaid was well-known for a prank video of themselves handing out balloons made from condoms to police. They were previously a correspondent for the comedy show “Abla Fahitha.” On May 28, Soliman and ANHRI lawyers filed a complaint accusing the police of stealing Abu Zaid's possessions after the police told prosecutors that all they took from their home was some cash and did not return the confiscated items.
Prosecutors hold broad power in Egyptian law, in violation of international law, that allow them to hold those suspected of major offenses in pretrial detention for up to five months without bringing them before a judge, which judges can extend up to two years without proper hearings or substantive justification. Tens of thousands of prisoners remain in jail without trial in Egypt.
Expand Shady Abu Zaid, satirist comedian, was arrested from their home on May 6, 2018. © 2018 Private
Egypt's Constitution, in article 57, states that it is “impermissible” to deprive citizens of the right “to use all forms of public means of communications” or to interrupt or disconnect them arbitrarily. Article 71 states that “it is prohibited to censor, confiscate, suspend or shut down Egyptian newspapers and media outlets in any way.”
Some media outlets reported that the Supreme State Security Prosecutors listed both Fathy and Abu Zaid in the same case as al-Ghazaly Harb and Mohamadeen, claiming they were members of a “terrorist organization” aimed at spreading false news and toppling the government.
“Egyptian authorities should ditch the use of arrests against critics and release anyone who has been locked up or prosecuted for their peaceful human rights work or free expression,” Whitson said.
To be able to control current Fire TV devices with Amazon's voice assistant, you need to use its accompanying voice remote or a separate Echo speaker. You apparently don't need either with the cube-like device, and since it has a built-in speaker, you'd even hear Alexa's responses even if the TV isn't switched on. The device will reportedly be able to handle 4K HDR video, as well.
Of course, we can't say with 100 percent certainty whether that's truly what the "Fire TV Cube" is. As AFTVNews noted, it's also unclear whether "Fire TV Cube" is an official name or something Amazon decided to use for now, since that's what fans call the device in the leaked image. Your best bet is to sign up to receive more info and hope that the e-commerce giant sends out one with all the juicy details in the near future.
In May, Facebook announced an overhaul of its Trending Topics feature, which it was beginning to roll out to iPhone users. With that update, clicking a topic would bring you to a carousel of publications that had written about that particular subject rather that just one news source. In a statement, Facebook said, "By making it easier to see what other news outlets are saying about each topic, we hope that people will feel more informed about the news in their region." And the update was meant to get around the news "filter bubble" effect wherein feeds are sometimes limited in scope due to having Facebook friends that all have similar interests.
Along with the news source carousel, Trending News also features actual headlines rather than just a topic -- which was hinted at in the May announcement, but not described in detail. With the headlines come a photo, the name of the outlet that published the headline and how many other sources have written on the subject. Each story is also ranked. For example, while writing this, the 17th headline in my Trending News section was this article of ours and the tab noted that 26 other sources had written on the topic.
The revamped Trending section is now available for most US Facebook users on mobile and the direct navigational tab should be coming to Android users sometime soon.
10:05 Reported News Briefs Tevet 4, 5777 , 02/01/17 Tevet 4, 5777 , 02/01/17 Police: Mother strangled their daughters before burning apartment Read more
Authorities believe at least some of the four girls found dead during a blaze in Jerusalem were murdered before the fire was sparked. ► ◄ Last Briefs
Middlesbrough slid closer to the Premier League exit door with defeat at home to Arsenal last night.
Mesut Ozil fired home a 71st-minute winner to finally kill off the battling home side, who had dragged themselves back into the game when Alvaro Negredo cancelled out Alexis Sanchez's first-half free-kick five minutes after the restart.
The 2-1 triumph - the Gunners' first league away win for three months - lifted Arsene Wenger's men seven points behind fourth-placed Manchester City, with a game in hand.
However, the visitors had to fight all the way in front of a crowd of 31,298 at the Riverside, with Steve Agnew's Boro making up for what they may lack in quality with a committed display which for long periods looked like earning them tangible reward.
They kicked off knowing another failure to win - they have not managed a league victory since December 17 - would represent a major blow to their dwindling survival hopes.
The home side started brightly, with skipper Grant Leadbitter going just wide from distance with four minutes gone and high over from similar range 21 minutes later.
In the meantime, striker Negredo had attempted to catch returning goalkeeper Petr Cech off their line from all of 40 yards and was not too far off target, while Marten de Roon saw a header correctly ruled out for offside.
But Antonio Barragan had to head Aaron Ramsey's 28th-minute volley off the line before goalkeeper Brad Guzan gratefully clutched Sanchez's attempt to their chest after it reared up off the rain-soaked turf seconds later.
The deadlock was broken three minutes before the break when, after Granit Xhaka had been felled by Adam Clayton 20 yards out, Sanchez curled the resulting free-kick past the static Guzan to give their side the lead.
Boro resumed in determined fashion with Stewart Downing lining up on the right, enjoying early success, and it was they who picked out Negredo's 50th-minute run into the box for the Spaniard to stab home a precious equaliser.
Downing was presented with a half-chance to fire their side ahead five minutes later when Nacho Monreal could only help substitute George Friend's cross into their path, but they blazed high and wide from a tight angle.
Agnew's men would have been in front with 61 minutes gone had it not been for Cech, who parried central defender Daniel Ayala's close-range header after Friend had turned Downing's free-kick back across goal.
However, it was Arsenal who restored their advantage with 19 minutes remaining when Ramsey laid off Sanchez's cross for Ozil, who had been enduring a quiet evening, to fire past the helpless Guzan, who denied Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain a third at the death.
Middlesbrough: Guzan, Barragan, Ayala, Gibson, Da Silva (Friend 17), Clayton, de Roon (Gestede 79), Leadbitter, Downing, Negredo, Ramirez (Traore 68). Subs Not Used: Konstantopoulos, Bernardo, Bamford, Forshaw. Booked: Leadbitter, Gestede. Goals: Negredo 50.
Arsenal: Cech, Gabriel, Koscielny, Holding, Oxlade-Chamberlain, Ramsey, Xhaka, Monreal, Ozil (Bellerin 90), Sanchez (Coquelin 90), Giroud. Subs Not Used: Gibbs, Walcott, Iwobi, Martinez, Elneny. Booked: Oxlade-Chamberlain, Gabriel. Goals: Sanchez 42, Ozil 71.
Att: 31,298 Refs: Anthony Taylor
Holyfield is a go-to guy when it comes to handicapping big fights. (Heczar Designs)
“He is getting better and better and I think he's hitting the people a little harder than they used to hit them…”
Former heavyweight champion of the world Evander Holyfield was called the “Real Deal” for a reason. They could punch. They could box. They never turned tail and ducked a challenge, even when, as was often the case, they were the smaller man.
Having finally found a life after boxing that connects to boxing via their new promotional outfit, Real Deal Championship Title Boxing, Holyfield is a go-to guy when it comes to handicapping big fights; especially fights between giants in boxing's marquee division.
No fight in that category is bigger than the bout between Anthony Joshua and Deontay Wilder.
Joshua holds the IBF, WBA, and WBO heavyweight titles. Wilder wears the WBC crown. The winner of their fight, with all four of the major heavyweight titles on the line, will be the first big man to unify the division since Lennox Lewis in 1999.
“I think it would be a great fight,” said Holyfield. “That is what boxing needed, a shot in the arm.”
A shot in the arm is better than a shot in the foot, but Holyfield, who is as comfortable with a macro as microanalysis, tends to favor their countryman.
“Both of the fighters are good fighters and I think with Deontay, he's a guy that has got the base to do anything. He's a good fighter.”
With their recent victory over Luis Ortiz, Wilder made believers of some of their harshest critics. What they do isn't boxing by the book, but it works.
“I would say they (Wilder) has the best aggression I've seen,” continued Holyfield. “You've got to look at the person for where they've come from.
“Here's a guy, they boxed because the fact is they wanted to help their kid. But how many people you think fighting look like him? He's got a basketball body.
“He worked their skills and everything they thought they aren't going to be, they became.  They are getting better and better and I think he's hitting the people a little harder than they used to hit them.”
With the Klitschkos retired, with Tyson Fury returning to the fray, the formerly moribund heavyweight division is pulsing with possibility, so much so that even long shot operators like Luis Ortiz, Alexander Povetkin, Joseph Parker, and Dillian Whyte add more depth than padding to the proceedings.
And Evander Holyfield couldn't be more pleased.
“I'm honored and I am proud that it (the heavyweight division) is back.”
НТВ в социальных сетях twitter
facebook
google
vk
odnoklassniki
instagram
telegram
'); StatBanner('btw', bl); } else { show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); } } } function mailru_ads(data, el) { if(data && data.length > 0) { var ban_location = $(el).attr("ntv-loc"); var bl = parseInt(ban_location); if(bl == 3 && typeof b240_callback !== 'undefined') { try { window[b240_callback](); } catch(e) {} } StatBanner('all', bl); } } (MRGtag = window.MRGtag || []).push({ onNoAds:function(resp) { mailru_noAds(resp); }, onAdsLoaded: function(data, el){ mailru_ads(data, el); }, iframeMode: false }); function StatBanner(type, place) { if (type == 'all') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_showed" }); } if (type == 'noAds') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_mailru_error" }); } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_top" }); try { reachGoal('banner_error_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_ntv_showed" }); } if (type == 'btw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_showed" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_showed'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'nobtw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_error" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_error'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4_ntv" }); } } $(function() { var o = document.createElement('vid' + 'eo'); if(isFInst && (!o || !o.canPlayType || !o.canPlayType('video/mp4; codecs="avc1.640029, mp4a.40.2"'))) { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "html5_media_support" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('html5_media_support'); } catch (e) {} } }); // -->
NEW YORK (AP) — Baltimore linebacker Za'Darius Smith and Washington cornerback Bashaud Breeland have been fined $18,231 by the NFL for hits last weekend.
Smith was called for roughing the passer after hitting Pittsburgh's Ben Roethlisberger in the Ravens' loss to the Steelers.
Breeland made a horsecollar tackle of Kansas City running back Kareem Hunt in the third quarter of the Redskins' loss to the Chiefs last Monday night.
Oakland punter Marquette King was docked $9,115 by the league after they threw a football at a Denver Broncos player following a failed fake punt. They were penalized 15 yards for unsportsmanlike conduct.
Jacksonville linebacker Paul Posluszny was fined $9,115 for taunting Jets linebacker Dylan Donahue after Donahue got hurt during a punt when they hit the Jaguars veteran.
Philadelphia's Vinny Curry and Indianapolis' Jonathan Hankins were also fined $9,115 — both for unnecessary roughness.
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
Photo
President Trump is facing heated criticism over not publicly condemning white nationalists for inciting this weekend's bloody confrontation in Charlottesville, Va., but on Monday they criticized the head of Merck pharmaceuticals for quitting a federal panel in protest of Mr. Trump's equivocal response to the violence.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Breaking News Emails Get the latest on the aftermath of the Charlottesville, Va., violence — and other major news — delivered to your email inbox. Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Merck's chief executive, Kenneth C. Frazier, resigned from the president's American Manufacturing Council on Monday, saying they objected to the president's statement on Saturday blaming violence that left one woman dead on “many sides.”
“America's leaders must honor our fundamental views by clearly rejecting expressions of hatred, bigotry and group supremacy, which run counter to the American ideal that all people are created equal,” Mr. Frazier said in a tweet announcing they were stepping down from the panel. Mr. Frazier is one of just a handful of black chief executives of a Fortune 500 company.
Less than hour later, Mr. Trump, responded on social media as they departed their golf resort in Bedminster, N.J., for a day trip back to Washington.
Louisiana State Police is investigating a fatal wreck that happened on Monday, March 19 in Pointe Coupee Parish.
Troopers were called out to the scene around 8 a.m. The three-vehicle crash happened on US 190 east of LA 978 in Pointe Coupee Parish and claimed the life of Eric Knippers, 43, of Many.
LSP says the wreck happened as Knippers was driving east on 190 in a 2003 Ford F-150, when for unknown reasons, their truck hit an opening in the guardrail. Knippers was ejected from the truck as it began to turn counterclockwise in the eastbound lanes. Their truck then hit a 2013 GMC 3500 being driving by Jeremy Horner, 42, of Livonia. After being ejected, Knippers was hit by a 2008 Chevy Silverado being driven by Daniel Revilla, 36, of Destin, Florida.
LSP officials say Knippers was not wearing their seat belt at the time of the wreck and sustained fatal injuries. They were pronounced dead on the scene by the Pointe Coupee Parish Coroner's Office. Horner and Revilla were wearing their seat belts and were not injured. Impairment is not suspected as a factor in this wreck, but toxicology samples will be taken from all drivers for analysis nonetheless.
Copyright 2018 WAFB. All rights reserved.
Things are heating up on the Korean peninsula, you may have heard. A senior official told the BBC that North Korea will test missiles weekly. South Korea has doubled down on a missile defense system that China finds threatening. U.S. Vice President Mike Pence has said all options are on the table to contain North Korea's nuclear weapons program. What, short of war, can the U.S. do?
Click the audio player above to hear the full story.
Photo
The Ball brothers were supposed to become a dynasty of sorts at U.C.L.A., with Lonzo, the eldest, giving way to LiAngelo who would give way to LaMelo. But with the two younger brothers signing one-year contracts on Monday to play with Vytautas Prienai of the Lithuanian Basketball League, college basketball careers are no longer on the table for either of them.
The signings, which were confirmed by the family on their shoe and apparel company's Twitter account, came days after their father, LaVar Ball, announced that LiAngelo and LaMelo had both signed with an agent — Harrison Gaines of Slash Sports Entertainment — in hopes of finding a European team.
The 19-year-old LiAngelo, who recently left U.C.L.A.'s basketball team, the and 16-year-old LaMelo are expected to join Vytautas in January in the latest made-for-social-media drama created by LaVar Ball to try to build attention for their sons and their company, Big Baller Brand. Neither LiAngelo nor LaMelo has played in an official game above the high school level, but they will soon be facing off against seasoned veterans in Europe.
It is not yet known if the brothers will play in the Lithuanian league, or the less competitive Baltic league, in which Vytautas also competes, but considering their age and lack of experience, the Baltic league seems more likely. LiAngelo will be eligible for next year's N.B.A. draft, though they are not considered to be anywhere near a strong enough prospect to be considering the draft in their decision-making.
Photo
“I don't care about the money,” LaVar Ball said on Thursday when explaining why their sons had signed with an agent. “I want them to go somewhere where they will play them together on the court at the same time. The priority is for the boys to play on the same team.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Gaines told Yahoo Sports that they had engaged in talks with a number of clubs, but said it made the most sense to sign with Vytautas.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
TAIPEI (Taiwan News) - Japan's education ministry announced a plan on Tuesday that lists the contested Diaoyutai (釣魚台), known as the Senkaku (尖閣列島) in Japan, as an “inherent territory” of Japan in its revised curriculum guideline designed for elementary and junior high school students. Taipei Economic and Cultural Representative Office in Japan lodged a formal protest against the claim and reiterated Taiwan's sovereignty over the archipelago.
Japan's Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology (MEXT) is no stranger to diplomatic controversy, given that it has long been lambasted by its neighbors including China and South Korea for intentionally covering up its war crimes, including massacres and the sexual slavery of "comfort women" since the 1980s, displaying a very different perception of the same events in its neighboring countries. The controversy has recently extended beyond matters of war and to the territorial disputes on Diaoyutai and Takeshima (竹島), which is called Dokdo (獨島) in Korea.
A Japanese education official said on Wednesday that both Senkaku and Takeshima are “inherent territories” of Japan and there is no question to have the country's future generation to know the fact.
According to a study by the Stanford Program on International and Cross-Cultural Education, in Japan, private textbook publishers must comply with the curriculum guideline set by MEXT or risk losing the approval to sell textbooks to local school boards.
In the formal protest, the Taiwan government emphasized that such unilateral action to affect Taiwan's sovereignty is to no avail and urged Japan to jointly maintain peace, stability and prosperity in the East China Sea.
Last Friday, U.S. President Donald Trump offered Japanese prime minister Shinzo Abe assurances that mutual defense agreements cover the contested Diaoyutai, claimed by both Taiwan and China. Trump said the alliance between the two was a cornerstone of regional peace and stability.
22:33 Reported News Briefs Sivan 20, 5777 , 14/06/17 Sivan 20, 5777 , 14/06/17 'We have to protmote our own interests - not those of the PA' Read more Bennett and Shaked slam approval of 14,000 housing units for Arab residents of Area A which will be in Area C. ► ◄ Last Briefs
Six reasons why Putin's victory has frightened the West
The coverage of the Russian presidential election in the Western press predictably reflects the poor knowledge of the Russian reality and the Russian mentality. Of course, Western journalists make their materials for their internal consumers, but their conclusions clearly indicate that the West has not come even a little bit closer to its ultimate goal to either destroy or remake Russia and its people.
The first thing that catches the eye in all analytical articles is the assumption about Vladimir Putin overtaking Stalin in terms of political longevity. "Putin's victory will take their political dominance of Russia to nearly a quarter of a century, until 2024, by which time they will be 71. Only Soviet dictator Josef Stalin ruled for longer," Business Standard wrote.
This assertion implicitly draws parallels with the Stalin era, which in the West is commonly referred to as "fascist." In addition, Putin is criticised for their "irrepressible" desire for power. Such an assumption may produce an impression on Western readers (although the growth of popularity of Mussolini, Salazar and Franco in corresponding countries breaks all records), but Russia has long learned to separate flies from meat chops and look at Stalin's figure dialectically. On the one hand, yes, they were a dictator, who killed too many, but on the other hand, they were a politician who turned the Soviet Union into an industrial power, who was intolerant of corruption, who attached first priority to Soviet family, culture and education.
As for political longevity, it is the people of Russia who elect Putin, in contrast, for example, Germany, where Angela Merkel has been elected by a handful of elites for 20 years already. Which option is more democratic?
The second thing that attracts one's attention about the coverage of the Russian presidential election in the West refers to opposition activist Aleksei Navalny. "Putin's main foe, opposition leader Alexei Navalny, was barred from the race because of a criminal conviction widely seen as politically motivated. Navalny has called for a boycott of the vote," FoxNews said.
Putin responded very well to the above: "This, apparently, speaks about the preferences of the US administration in leaderships of other countries. It says whom they would like to see in the country's leadership ... In this sense, they've lost. It would be better if they kept silent," Putin said in January at a meeting with media executives. Indeed, the persona Navalny is clearly too far from being somewhere near Solzhenitsyn or Sakharov.
Thirdly, Western journalists say that the Russian authorities used the administrative resource to ensure a high turnout. FoxNews quoted a 20-year-old woman named Daria Suslina and Yekaterinburg Mayor Yevgeny Roizman, who were terrified of the "pressure."
"They are using everything: schools, kindergartens, hospitals - the battle for the turnout is unprecedented," said Roizman, one of the rare opposition politicians to hold a significant elected office," FoxNews reports.
It is important to note here that the administrative resource did not call to vote for Putin - people were encourage to go and VOTE, and these are two totally different things.
Fourthly, Western journalists buy into the idea that the reason for Putin's victory is their ability to play on the desire of the Russians to rebuff the West in Syria, in Ukraine and everywhere else. Moreover, they assert that this "tsarist chauvinism" is brought up on the ill interpretation of friendly intentions of the West to sow democracy in "bad countries." Western media rightly conclude, though, that British Prime Minister Theresa May, when trying to consolidate the British on the eve of Brexit and being unable to see a log in their own eye, played into Putin's hands with the case of Sergei Skripal.
Responding to all the bullying is not the prime goal for the Russian authorities. The ultimate goal is to make people happy with their lives in Russia, editor of Atlantico.fr website Jean-Marc Sylvester wrote.
Fifthly, a lot has been said about violations. Anton Troianovski wrote on pages of The Washington Post that the Russian authorities had arranged a massive spectacle from the Arctic to the ISS to show the scale of popular support without saying a word about numerous fakes that came from Navalny's supporters. The author gives an original interpretation to the voter turnout in the Crimea claiming that the Crimeans had been persuaded that without Putin the Crimea would fall into the abyss of war and gay marriage.
Finally, the presidential election in Russia has convinced the West that the latter must not back down in front of such a "chauvinistic", "racist", "intolerant", etc. country as Russia. Australian television channel ABC in the person of Jennifer Mathers believes that Russia uses a wide range of hidden tools of intelligence and special services and neglects the rules of civilised behaviour. "If the West really is coming to the end of its patience with Russia, it could make Mr Putin's next six years as president a lot less comfortable," they wrote. Robert Kuttner at the Huffington Post expands on the idea and suggests cutting Russia off the banking system, prohibiting Russians from buying real estate in the West, restricting their entry to Western countries.
Italian journalist and politician Giulietto Chiesa told Pravda.Ru that all attempts to put pressure on Russia and the Russians were doomed to failure, because the elections showed the unity of the Russians around their president. The Russophobic hysteria in the West is not going to abate in the coming days, months and years, the journalist believes.
"The West believes that it should break Russia, because Russia violates its rights. These are plans for many years to come. I'll tell you frankly: they need to be afraid of the strong Russia, and there is no other way to win," Chiesa said.
What is troubling is that Western analysts do not understand why Trump came to power, and why Putin can still retain it. Today's middle-class Americans live worse than their parents lived, but in today's Russia, the younger generation lives better than their parents used to live. Above all, however, the Russians have always put the national idea above material well-being.
Lyuba Lulko (Stepushova)
Pravda.Ru
Read article on the Russian version of Pravda.Ru
It all sounds extremely unsubtle, and Weegee, who once called themselves the “reincarnation of Leonardo da Vinci and Grandma Moses,” liked to present it that way. But it wasn't all grisly accidents and lurid crime scenes. Their instincts were more nuanced than their own caricature of themselves would allow. As much as they had a penchant for cheap jokes (corpses juxtaposed with ironic signs) and maudlin titles (“I Cried When I Took This Picture”), they also captured the full range of human expression, documenting the seamy side of a world-class city, sticking around after a tragedy to photograph the onlookers.
“He was always, always there,” Bonanos writes. “He put themselves on call, all the time.” Weegee had started to work nights because it gave them an edge, first for the agency Acme Newspictures and later as a freelancer. They also learned how to develop negatives on the fly, and said they once slipped a dollar to a subway conductor so that they could shut themselves in the motorman's booth with their chemicals. They rented a tiny hovel of an apartment down the block from police headquarters on Centre Street in Lower Manhattan. They told a reporter that they didn't have time “to live regular”; they were too committed to their nighttime exploits with life and death to come home to “a good-looking wife, a hot dinner, a husky kid.”
Weegee did get married, though that didn't last; and they left their beloved New York for Los Angeles to act in movies, though that didn't last either. Bonanos covers it all, including Weegee's more self-consciously “arty” work, like their distortion photos of Salvador Dalí with four eyes and Liberace with their teeth stretched into piano keys. The art criticism on offer in “Flash” is like the best of Weegee's street photography: revealing and unpretentious.
Image Christopher Bonanos Credit Dorie Hagler
Bonanos also directs our attention to what might have been the most important and consequential relationship of Weegee's adult life: their on-again, off-again love affair with a Quaker social worker named Wilma Wilcox. (A high-contrast pairing if there ever was one.) Weegee left them out of their autobiography, but Wilcox was the one who donated their archive of 19,000 images to the International Center of Photography and ensured that their legacy lived on — a fate that was far from assured when Weegee died of a brain tumor, at 69, in 1968.
The 1960s were tough on Weegee, when the deluge of attention they once enjoyed had slowed to a trickle. They kept shooting, even as getting around was harder for them the frailer they became. The last exhibition they arranged for their work was held in a sandwich shop. They had played the outsize role of Weegee the Famous so long they confessed they had a hard time knowing who they really are.
Their biographer knows, though. “Flash” gives us Weegee in full, offering a measure of protection against the oblivion they feared the most.
Prime Minister Netanyahu emphasized at the European Union headquarters in Brussels the importance of Jerusalem to the Jewish people.
]Netanyahu added, "Israel extends its hand to its Palestinian neighbors for peace."
PANDORA — Hopewell-Loudon rallied from deficits of 11 points after the first quarter and six points at halftime to outscore Pandora-Gilboa by 14 in the second half of a 57-49 Blanchard Valley Conference win Tuesday.
Alexis Feindel finished with a game-high 17 points and had six rebounds for Hopewell-Loudon (13-7, 6-4 BVC). Hailey Coppus scored 13 points, Jacque Burns added 11 points and nine rebounds, and Brooklyn Arbogast tallied a team-best 10 boards for the Chieftains, who outscored Pandora-Gilboa (13-7, 6-4) 19-7 in the third quarter.
Paige Fenstermaker's 14 points and three steals led Pandora-Gilboa. Kristen Mullins and Toria Hovest added 11 points each, and Alexa Maag had a game-high 12 rebounds to lead the Rockets.
HOPEWELL-LOUDON (13-7, 6-4 BVC)
Feindel 5-6–17, Coppus 5-1–13, Burns 4-3–11, Arbogast 1-4–6, Pace 2-0–5, Siebenaller 1-1–3, Jameson 1-0–2. TOTALS: 19-64 15-24 — 57.
PANDORA-GILBOA (13-7, 6-4 BVC)
Fenstermaker 5-0–14, Mullins 4-3–11, T. Hovest 4-0–11, Maag 2-2–6, Ferguson 2-2–6, B. Hovest 0-1–1. TOTALS: 17-47 8-12 — 49.
Hopewell-Loudon 8 15 19 15 — 57
Pandora-Gilboa 19 10 7 13 — 49
3-Point GOALS: Hopewell-Loudon 4-8 (Coppus 2, Feindel & Pace); Pandora-Gilboa 7-18 (Fenstermaker 4, T. Hovest 3).
rebounds: Hopewell-Loudon 36 (Arbogast 10); Pandora-Gilboa 26 (Maag 12).
turnovers: Hopewell-Loudon 13; Pandora-Gilboa 23.
ARCADIA 68
ADA 34
ADA — Four players scored in double figures for Arcadia as the Redskins raced ahead early and finished strongly in doubling up Ada 68-34 in a nonconference game.
Mariah Monday paced Arcadia (14-7) with 17 points and seven assists and Danielle Burnett chipped in 15 with three steals. Logan Ward and Taylor Ware (eight rebounds) each scored 10 for the Redskins.
Haley Wyss was the lone scorer in double figures for the Bulldogs, who fell to 7-14, with a game-high 18 points including four 3s.
arcadia (14-7)
Monday 7-0–17, Burnett 7-0–15, Ward 4-0–10, Ware 5-0–10, Kieffer 3-0–6, Saltzman 2-0–4, Brubaker 1-0–2, Earl 1-0–2, Mock 1-0–2. TOTALS: 31-54 0-2–68.
ada (7-14)
Wyss 6-2–18, Gossard 2-2–7, Vore 1-1–4, Archer 1-0–2, England 1-0–2, Coulson 0-1–1. TOTALS: 11-41 6-8–34.
Arcadia 17 18 16 17 — 68
Ada 12 8 7 7 — 34
3-Point GOALS: Arcadia 6-11 (Monday 3, Ward 2, Burnett), Ada 6-22 (Wyss 4, Gossard & Vore).
rebounds: Arcadia 33 (Ware 8), Ada 19 (Vore 5).
turnovers: Arcadia 9, Ada 11.
junior varsity: Arcadia, 14-5.
UPPER SANDUSKY 50
COLONEL CRAWFORD 26
UPPER SANDUSKY — Upper Sandusky beatdown Colonel Crawford in the first quarter and paced itself the rest of the way in sweeping the Northern 10 Conference and claiming a 50-26 win.
The Rams, who improved to 21-1 overall and a perfect 16-0 in the N10, jumped out to a 14-2 first-quarter lead and were led by sharpshooter Abigail Fogle's game-high 23 points as they connected on six 3s. Megan Hensel added 13 points, Alexis Fogle notched four steals and Sierra Carey grabbed five rebounds with six assists.
Ashely Gwirtz led the Eagles (11-10, 8-8 N10) with 15 points.
colonel crawford (11-10, 8-8 N10)
Gwirtz 6-0–15, Burkhart 4-0–8, Koschnick 1-0–2, Horsley 0-1–1. TOTALS: 9-35 4-8–26.
upper sandusky (21-1, 16-0 n10)
Ab. Fogle 8-1–23, Hensel 5-1–13, Al. Fogle 2-2–6, Getz 2-0–4, Carey 2-0–4. TOTALS: 19-30 4-6–50.
Colonel Crawford 2 7 8 9 — 26
Upper Sandusky 14 12 8 16 — 50
3-Point GOALS: Colonel Crawford 0-3, Upper Sandusky 8-14 (Ab. Fogle 6, Hensel 2).
rebounds: Colonel Crawford 18, Upper Sandusky 21 (Carey & Getz 5).
turnovers: Colonel Crawford 11, Upper Sandusky 11.
junior varsity: Colonel Crawford, 27-24.
Comments
comments
Though the Vietnam War had been over for a decade when William E. Crawford arrived in Hanoi with a group of filmmakers and veterans in 1985, tensions persisted. The American trade embargo of Vietnam continued, the fate of missing American servicemen remained an emotionally charged question, and the United States was still demanding that Vietnam withdraw its troops from Cambodia.
Mr. Crawford had protested the war in the late 1960s as a college student. But they said a “photographer's curiosity,” rather than ideology, was what compelled them to join the group of Americans traveling to Vietnam for three weeks. It was part of an unofficial effort to jump-start friendlier relations.
“I wasn't interested in hearing about the ‘lessons of Vietnam,' which always struck me as dangerously oversimplified, at best,” Mr. Crawford, now 69, wrote in “Hanoi Streets 1985-2015,” which Images Publishing will publish in June.
ANAHEIM – Esperanza's boys basketball team made the most of its chance to move up in the Crestview League standings.
The Aztecs defeated Yorba Linda 64-56 Friday night behind Brendan Harrick's game-high 19 points, which included 12 in the second half.
The victory, coupled with Foothill's loss to Canyon on Friday, put Esperanza in a tie for second place with the Knights. The league's top two finishers automatically qualify for the CIF-SS playoffs.
Esperanza's Josh Noble attempts a shot under the basket during their team's game against Yorba Linda on Friday February 2, 2018. (Photo by Michael Kitada, Contributing Photographer)
Yorba Linda's Jake Miller, left, is defended by Esperanza's Jason Francis, right, during their game on Friday February 2, 2018. (Photo by Michael Kitada, Contributing Photographer)
Esperanza's Brendan Harrick, right, drives down the court as Yorba Linda's Jake Miller, left, defends during their game on Friday February 2, 2018. (Photo by Michael Kitada, Contributing Photographer)
Yorba Linda's Cory Knutson, right, fights for a rebound during their team's game against Esperanza on Friday February 2, 2018. (Photo by Michael Kitada, Contributing Photographer)
Yorba Linda's Nick Murrell, center, is defended by Esperanza's Josh Noble, left, and Julian Almazan, right, helps out during their game on Friday February 2, 2018. (Photo by Michael Kitada, Contributing Photographer)
Yorba Linda's Nick Murrell, left, loses control of the ball as Esperanza's, Josh Noble, center, defends during their game Friday February 2, 2018. (Photo by Michael Kitada, Contributing Photographer)
Yorba Linda's Brendan Jacob, center, drives towards the basket during their team's game against Esperanza on Friday February 2, 2018. (Photo by Michael Kitada, Contributing Photographer)
Yorba Linda's Brendan Jacob, center, tests the Esperanza defense as Josh Noble, left, and Trevor Geiger, right, attempt to cut off the lane on Friday February 2, 2018.(Photo by Michael Kitada, Contributing Photographer)
Esperanza head coach Mark Hill reacts during their team's game against Yorba Linda high on Friday February 2, 2018. (Photo by Michael Kitada, Contributing Photographer)
The Esperanza student section, called the 6th Man, turns their back as their opponents are introduced. (Photo by Michael Kitada, Contributing Photographer)
Fans representing Yorba Linda high cheer their team on during their game against Esperanza on Friday February 2, 2018. (Photo by Michael Kitada, Contributing Photographer)
Yorba Linda's head coach, Jason Pietsch, gestures to their team on Friday February 2, 2018. (Photo by Michael Kitada, Contributing Photographer)
The student section for Yorba Linda celebrates their team's score before halftime against Esperanza on Friday February 2, 2018. (Photo by Michael Kitada, Contributing Photographer)
“This was a good win for us,” Esperanza coach Mark Hill said. “They put some game pressure on us but we handled it. It's just a matter of continuing to build on that.”
The Aztecs (16-9, 2-2) controlled the game from the outset, but the Mustangs (9-16, 0-4) got within four points early in the fourth thanks in part to Brendan Jacob's team-high 14 points.
“We played with some confidence even though the game tightened up late,” Hill said. “We handle the heat of the moment for the most part.”
Esperanza answered with a 13-2 run as Harrick led the charge by scoring in the post late in the game.
“He had some big buckets,” Hill said. “He was getting double- and triple-teamed and of course they made some good passes for us and made some big rebounds.”
Will Steinbeck had 13 points off the bench and Trevor Geiger finished with 10 points.
The Aztecs end the regular season playing Foothill on Tuesday and Canyon on Thursday. They lost to both teams in the first round of league play.
Hill hopes the game against the Knights has a different ending as sole possession of second place is on the line.
“The last game (against Foothill) was tight,” they said. “We just let it slip in the final minutes. So it's just a matter of us just knowing what we have to do and how to execute at the end of the game. Fortunately for us we have them at our place this time around.”
HONOLULU (AP) — A Hawaii emergency management official who said last week that their retirement had nothing to do with a mistaken missile alert that stirred panic statewide now says it was because of the fallout from the warning.
Toby Clairmont said Wednesday that they stepped down as executive officer of the Hawaii Emergency Management Agency because it was clear action would be taken against agency leaders after the Jan. 13 alert.
State officials revealed changes to the agency Tuesday after an internal investigation. They said Administrator Vern Miyagi resigned, the worker who sent the alert was fired, a second employee quit before disciplinary action was taken and another was being suspended.
Clairmont acknowledges he's the employee who quit but says it's unfair to lump them in with the others because it implies they were about to be disciplined.
___
This version corrects Clairmont's title was executive officer, not executive director.
The Ringer said it initially asked the Sixers about just two of the accounts, and the same day the three others were suddenly made private.
For the Sixers, the first order of business is determining whether the accounts are, in fact, Colangelo's.
The Sixers had at least 20 impostors accounts shut down this season with people pretending to be Colangelo, a person familar with the investigation told The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because the probe is not over.
If the investigation shows that Colangelo is in any way connected to the accounts, the organization's reputation would be heavily damaged as it tries to chase big free agents like LeBron James, Paul George or other All-Stars.
Colangelo, the son of longtime sports executive Jerry Colangelo, was hired as president of basketball operations in 2016 after Hinkie abruptly resigned. Hinkie was the architect behind what the team calls The Process — the long-term tearing down and rebuilding of the Sixers.
Colangelo previously served as Raptors general manager. They lost their job there after Toronto missed the playoffs for the fifth consecutive season, and Ujiri took over basketball operations.
According to The Ringer, one of the Twitter accounts it connected to Colangelo bristled at the suggestion that Hinkie deserved credit for the Sixers' turnaround.
"BC has done nothing but clean up hinkie's mess," the account user wrote in January 2017, referring to Colangelo. Another post lamented that Ujiri hadn't done anything to make the Raptors better.
Colangelo has been blamed by Philly fans for the so-far disastrous deal that brought Fultz to the Sixers. One of the accounts that The Ringer linked to Colangelo blamed Fultz's poor performance on their longtime trainer and their "so-called mentor/father figure."
Colangelo was likewise criticized when Noel was sent to the Dallas Mavericks in 2017. The Twitter accounts defended the trade, describing Noel as a "selfish punk" who was "behaving like a vulture" and was "bad for locker room."
"Bc is class act not a bad guy," the Twitter user added.
___
More AP NBA: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
By Dan Gelston, The Associated Press
NEWARK, N.J. — It would be easy to say the New Jersey Devils are back after ending a six-year playoff drought.
John Hynes' team went from last in the Eastern Conference in 2016-17 to the post-season in less in the year, riding a career year by left wing Taylor Hall and outstanding first seasons by No. 1 overall draft pick Nico Hischier and Will Butcher. This was a team that made it tough on opponents almost every time it stepped on the ice.
The standings said it all. New Jersey went from 28 wins and 70 points to 44 wins and 97 points.
Still, it was only good enough to outlast the hard-charging Florida Panthers in the closing weeks of the regular season and get the No. 8 seed.
The Devils discovered that playoffs were another level. They were eliminated by Tampa Bay, the top seed in the Eastern Conference, in five games.
"Of course, we're disappointed," veteran centre Travis Zajac said Tuesday as the Devils cleaned out their lockers. "But we accomplished a lot as a team. This is just the beginning. I like how we come together as a team. We faced a lot of adversity, but we survived. Because the league is so close and it's going to be that way again next year, we have to continue to get better."
The Devils have ridden a roller-coaster in Hynes' first three seasons as coach. They exceeded expectations in their first year, plummeted two years ago and then stunned the league in getting back to the playoffs.
"You have no idea of how good I feel about what we did this year," said captain Andy Greene, who like Zajac was with the Devils when they reached the Stanley Cup Final in 2012. "We were a lot better. The way we competed every game down the stretch. We were fighting for each other. We were picked last in the division and last in the conference. We took that to heart. It's all part of the process. You don't go from the bottom to the top unless you work hard."
Hall carried the Devils this season, scoring points in 26 straight games in which they played. They finished with 39 goals and 54 assists. Their 93 points were 41 more than the next closest player on the team, Hischier (20 goals, 32 assists).
"I knew they were a really good hockey player, but it was nothing like what I saw this year," said forward Marcus Johansson, who was limited to 29 games by concussions. "He was unbelievable day in and day out."
The hats were flying at a historic pace on the first two nights of the NHL season.
Connor McDavid, Alex Ovechkin, Wayne Simmonds and Brandon Saad each recorded a hat trick in their team's season opener. It's the first time four different players scored at least three goals in their season opener in 100 years, since the NHL's first two games back in 1917 when hockey was a very different game.
"Other than it was a puck and three periods and you were keeping score, there was really no similarities," author and historian Liam Maguire said. "You had goaltenders who were basically wearing cardboard, you had no red line, you had the rules in terms of how you could pass a puck up the ice. The guys would routinely play 50 or 55 out of 60 minutes, so it wasn't like you had systems or backchecking or anything."
That was reality when Joe Malone of the Montreal Canadiens, Harry Hyland of the Montreal Wanderers, Cy Denneny of the Ottawa Senators and Reg Noble of the Toronto Arenas each scored three-plus goals in the first two games in NHL history on Dec. 19, 1917. All four are Hockey Hall of Famers and were alive more than 100 years before McDavid was born.
When McDavid, Ovechkin, Simmonds and Saad got their hat tricks this week, they came against well-thought-out defenses and goaltenders with real pads. The same goes for Auston Matthews, who scored four goals in their NHL debut a year ago.
Ovechkin's hat trick that led the Washington Capitals to a 5-4 shootout victory at Ottawa on Thursday was the 18th of their career, most among active players and tied for 20th-most all time. It was also Ovechkin's quickest succession of three goals in their career as they got them all in a span of 6:33 in the third period.
"It's insane," former teammate and current Canadiens defenseman Karl Alzner said. "The thing that doesn't surprise me (from playing with him) is how they can do it in bunches like that, just out of nowhere."
Reigning MVP McDavid was clocked skating at a speed of over 25 mph during their second goal on the way to their second career hat trick at age 20. Edmonton Oilers coach Todd McLellan said McDavid "doesn't go from first to second to third to fourth gear. They just goes from first to fourth and he's gone."
The hat tricks by McDavid and Simmonds were the first in franchise history for the Oilers and Philadelphia Flyers, respectively, in a season opener. Saad's hat trick in a 10-1 drubbing of the Stanley Cup champion Pittsburgh Penguins was the first by a Chicago Blackhawks player in a season opener since Hockey Hall of Famer Bobby Hull in 1965.
McDavid and Saad were showered with hats on home ice, a tradition that dates to the 1940s. Author and historian Eric Zweig said it started with Blackhawks player Alex Kaleta, who went into Sammy Taft's hat shop in Toronto in 1946, admired a hat, scored three goals that night and was presented with it.
"It sort of became a thing after that," Zweig said.
But Zweig and Maguire agreed that the term hat trick actually originated in cricket in the 1800s for when someone bowled three successive wickets and got a hat. It became part of the hockey lexicon for three consecutive goals in the early 20th century and has morphed in meaning.
"That time, it had to be three straight goals (scored by) one player," Maguire said. "Natural hat trick, as we call it today. No interruption at all. Over time, the term as we now refer to it is just three goals in the game in any way, shape or form other than the shootout."
———
Follow Hockey Writer Stephen Whyno on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/SWhyno
———
For more AP NHL coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey
———
This story has been corrected to show Malone played for the Montreal Canadiens.
MANILA, Philippines (AP) — Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte has asked Congress to extend by one year the martial law they declared in the south to ensure the "total eradication" of pro-Islamic State group extremists.
Duterte warned that extremists continue to plot public uprisings aimed at establishing a caliphate in Southeast Asia despite a failed but disastrous attempt to set up one in the southern Philippines.
Duterte said in a letter to the Senate and the House of Representatives that extending their martial law declaration in the south through the end of 2018 would allow government forces to press offensives against other armed groups, including the brutal Abu Sayyaf group and communist guerrillas, who have intensified their attacks.
A copy of the president's letter was made available to reporters Monday.
A group of concerned residents are camping out at the proposed Paradise development at Thundering Waters to protest the $1.5 billion project they say could destroy a rich ecosystem.
"Niagara region has already lost more than 90 per cent of its wetlands and forests to development," said organizer Owen Bjorgan. "Why are we messing around with the remaining ten?"
The group, which set up camp along a trail on Dorchester Road near the Chippawa Parkway on Sunday night, want the province to acquire the private land to prevent it from present and future development.
GR (CAN) Investment Co. Ltd. bought 484 acres of property west of Marineland and adjacent to Thundering Waters Golf Club two years ago, and is planning a mixture of residential, commercial, retail and entertainment uses as part of a development known as Paradise.
The development has been bogged down by provincially significant wetlands that cover about half of the property
"The issue here is complicated as to what's going to happen to this land because there are many stakeholders, which we can all appreciate and empathize with," Bjorgan said.
"The investors got the green light prematurely to throw money down on this property. Now some of the investors, and local politicians, are back peddling to an extent because the local people and science have raised concerns over the economic significance of this property."
Biodiversity offsetting was suggested as a way to deal with the issue, which would see the wetlands moved, or recreated somewhere else.
Bjorgan said that idea simply won't work.
"Developing around significantly wetlands isn't necessarily protecting them," they said. "That's kind of misleading in the sense that you end up boxing in species of plants and animals that make this property as biodiverse as it is. There will be species inbreeding, the ecosystem will run out of resources and the water quality becomes contaminated."
Several people were at the camp site Monday afternoon.
"We encourage people to stop by and ask questions," Bjorgan said, adding the group plans to occupy the site for the next six days. "We're off to a good start and I hope it snowballs."
A Niagara Regional Police spokesperson said late Monday afternoon they were aware of the protest but “have no involvement at this point.”
Niagara Falls Mayor Jim Diodati was also aware of the occupation.
“I'm really not to sure what I can say about protesters illegally trespassing on private property,” they said.
SEOUL, South Korea--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 24, 2018--Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd., the world leader in advanced memory technology, today announced that it has begun mass producing 10-nanometer (nm)-class* 16-gigabit (Gb) LPDDR4X DRAM for automobiles. The latest LPDDR4X features high performance and energy efficiency while significantly raising the thermal endurance level for automotive applications that often need to operate in extreme environments. The 10nm-class DRAM will also enable the industry's fastest automotive DRAM-based LPDDR4X interface with the highest density.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424006733/en/
Samsung 10nm-class 16Gb LPDDR4X DRAM for Automobiles (Photo: Business Wire)
“The 16Gb LPDDR4X DRAM is our most advanced automotive solution yet, offering global automakers outstanding reliability, endurance, speed, capacity and energy efficiency,” said Sewon Chun, senior vice president of memory marketing at Samsung Electronics. “Samsung will continue to closely collaborate with manufacturers developing diverse automotive systems, in delivering premium memory solutions anywhere.”
Moving a step beyond its 20nm-class ‘Automotive Grade 2' DRAM, which can withstand temperatures from -40°C to 105°C, Samsung's 16Gb LPDDR4X is Automotive Grade 1-compliant, raising the high-end threshold to 125°C. By more than satisfying the rigorous on-system thermal cycling tests of global auto manufacturers, the 16Gb LPDDR4X has enhanced its reliability for a wide variety of automotive applications in many of the world's most challenging environments.
Adding to the degree of reliability under high temperatures, production at an advanced 10nm-class node is key to enabling the 16Gb LPDDR4X to deliver its leading-edge performance and power efficiency. Even in environments with extremely high temperatures of up to 125°C, its data processing speed comes in at 4,266 megabits per second (Mbps), a 14 percent increase from the 8Gb LPDDR4 DRAM that is based on 20nm process technology, and the new memory also registers a 30 percent increase in power efficiency.
Along with a 256 gigabyte (GB) embedded Universal Flash Storage (eUFS) drive announced in February, Samsung has expanded its advanced memory solution lineup for future automotive applications with the 10nm-class 16Gb LPDDR4X DRAM, commercially available in 12Gb, 16Gb, 24Gb and 32Gb capacities. While extending its 10nm-class DRAM offerings, the company also plans on bolstering technology partnerships for automotive solutions that include vision ADAS (Advanced Driver Assistance Systems), autonomous driving, infotainment systems and gateways.
About Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd.
Samsung inspires the world and shapes the future with transformative ideas and technologies. The company is redefining the worlds of TVs, smartphones, wearable devices, tablets, digital appliances, network systems, and memory, system LSI, foundry and LED solutions. For the latest news, please visit the Samsung Newsroom at http://news.samsung.com.
*Editor's Note: 10nm-class is a process node between 10 and 19 nanometers
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424006733/en/
CONTACT: for Samsung Semiconductor, Inc.
John E. Lucas, APR, 925-872-2287
j.lucas@partner.samsung.com
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES ASIA PACIFIC NORTH AMERICA CALIFORNIA SOUTH KOREA
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: TECHNOLOGY CONSUMER ELECTRONICS DATA MANAGEMENT ELECTRONIC DESIGN AUTOMATION HARDWARE INTERNET NANOTECHNOLOGY SEMICONDUCTOR MOBILE/WIRELESS AUTOMOTIVE PERFORMANCE & SPECIAL INTEREST GENERAL AUTOMOTIVE
SOURCE: Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd.
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/24/2018 10:00 PM/DISC: 04/24/2018 10:00 PM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424006733/en
Those of you keen to welcome Britain's new 65,000-tonne aircraft carrier into Portsmouth Harbour this week can now set your alarm clocks.
HMS Queen Elizabeth was expected to arrive on Friday 18th August, but the Royal Navy have now confirmed they will make their way through the Solent on Wednesday at approximately 0710.
The Royal Navy say that weather conditions have meant the exact arrival date/time could not be announced until now.
Changes to cross-Solent services
Not surprisingly, cross-Solent transport is expected to be affected and as such Hovertravel and Wightlink have both announced timetable changes.
The Harbour Master has notified Hovertravel they must suspend operations on Wednesday 16th August 2017 between 0650-0720.
Therefore on Wednesday only:
0645 from Ryde is retimed to leave EARLIER at 0630
0700 from Southsea is retimed to leave at 0720
There will also be additional services operating at 0600 from Ryde and 0615 from Southsea.
Wightlink's car ferry service between Fishbourne and Portsmouth will also be affected and the company have issued a revised timetable for Wednesday.
See their Website for latest changes.
Image: © Royal Navy
Photo
In a legal action that will be watched closely in Hollywood, several producers of “The Walking Dead” on Monday sued AMC — the cable network that presents the hit TV series — seeking a greater share of profits.
The lawsuit, filed in Los Angeles Superior Court, claims that AMC has been holding back a significant amount of money that traditionally would have been handed over to top producers once a show has been as successful and on the air as long as “The Walking Dead” has been.
The suit lays the groundwork for what should become a remarkably strained relationship between the show's principal producers and AMC executives as “The Walking Dead” approaches its eighth-season premiere this year. The suit also involves spinoff series like “Fear the Walking Dead” and “Talking Dead.”
The move also follows a similar lawsuit filed by Frank Darabont, one of the show's creators, who was fired during the second season of the show. Mr. Darabont is seeking more than $200 million in damages.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The plaintiffs in the suit include Robert Kirkman, a creator of the show, and Gale Anne Hurd, Glen Mazzara and David Alpert, all producers. Last week, Mr. Kirkman announced they were leaving AMC Studios for Amazon, an early sign that something was amiss in their relationship with the network.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
With flagging ratings and more TV shows than ever, networks in recent years have been building out and buying more shows from sister studios, rather than going to outside studios like Sony or Lionsgate.
The suit claims that AMC set up a sweetheart deal with its own studio, AMC Studios, denying producers of “The Walking Dead” a greater share of profit participation that has traditionally been showered on producers and actors of successful, long-running series.
For many, this is their first experience in the United States. They are introduced to the time-honored tradition of songs and s'mores around the campfire.
In turn, they share their family stories and cultural traditions with campers who have never traveled to Egypt, Germany or Argentina.
Friendships that cross continents are forged at camp. The international camp staff return to their home countries with an increased understanding of typical American life; and there's nothing more typical than sleepaway camp for the average American family in summer.
The American Camp Association confirms that more than 11 million Americans enroll in a residential or day camp each year.
This is citizen diplomacy at its best, made possible by the U.S. State Department's J-1 Exchange Visitor program that has a category specially designed for camp counselors.
Since 1979, Concordia Language Villages has taken advantage of this opportunity to bring counselors from around the world to share their love of language and culture with young people eager to explore something new and different.
About 900 staff join the 15 Language Villages each summer. Of that number, about 135 are international staff from 30 countries on six continents.
We cannot afford to have these international exchange opportunities limited to a defined number of countries or for those of a certain religious or socioeconomic background. The recently imposed travel ban by the Trump administration has fostered an unreasonable sense of fear and anxiety for those applying for international camp jobs, no matter where they live in the world.
Our country is strengthened through more dialogue with the world, than less. Our ambassadors around the globe state that exchange programs are the most cost-effective investment in strengthening our national security.
Exchange participants consistently report that they completed their programs with a better impression of the United States. A Department of State program evaluation shows that 94 percent of high school exchange students from Muslim-majority countries said that their stay in the United States gave them a more favorable view of the American people and culture.
To understand America, it's best to experience it. And where better to start than at summer camp?
Schulze is the executive director of Concordia Language Villages, the language- and cultural-immersion camps sponsored by Concordia College in Moorhead.  They are board chair emeritus of the Alliance for International Exchange, a Washington-based organization that promotes educational and cultural exchange.
There seems to be one boxer from the GB squad who is a level above their opposition.
The 2018 Elite National Championships are arguably one of the last chances for British boxers to really put their name in the hat to be considered for the Olympic programme. As always we saw some familiar names win as well as some newcomers.
There always seems to be one boxer from the GB squad who is a level above their domestic opposition. Last year it was Luke McCormack. This year Dalton Smith (Steel City) was comfortable in winning their three bouts although young Isaac Millburn (Birtley) did look impressive in the final. There was only one male repeat winner from last year as Mo Harris Akbar (Bradford Police) was another who was not seriously tested. Stephanie Wroe (Army) and the irrepressible Demi Jade Resztvan (New Astley) repeated on the female side.
The armed forces were dominant on the female side. Adding to Steph Wroe's Gold medal were Tori Ellis (Army) and Karriss Artingshall (Army) who shocked Crystal Barker in the final. Shanice James (Army) also made the final and was perhaps unlucky to lose against Hannah Robinson (Birtley). Megan Reid was another Army finalist, but they were defeated by Amy Broadhurst who looked a superstar all weekend. They will potentially have a tough decision over whether to commit to boxing for Ireland or Great Britain.
Another army boxer finally got their hands on the title they craved. Chez Nihell (Army) has been a huge name domestically for a few years now, often reaching the latter stages of this tournament. They finally got the win, defeating Courtney Bennett (Double Jab) in the final. Another winner who has been here before but never quite managed to get the victory was Bryce Goodridge (Basingstoke).  They are consistently one of the best boxers in the country and finally got their Elite Title. Jordan Reynolds (Hoddesdon) also got their senior national title after losing in the final the past two years. They beat Ben Fail (Far Cotton) in the final who had one of the best stoppages in the tournament when finishing Jack Stringer (Navy) with a body hook.
The boxers trying to make a case for themselves was exemplified by the lightweight division. Last year's finalist Callum Thompson (Tower Hill) was joined by three boxers who had superb youth careers in Mark Chamberlain (Wisemans), Charles Frankham (The Ring) and Akash Tuquir (Kings Heath). Tuquir used their length and movement to beat Thompson in the semi final whilst Chamberlain punctuated their victory over Frankham by dropping them in round two. Chamberlain would edge a split decision in the final, making their case that they deserve a look for the GB team. Ben Rees (Birtley) had a similarly successful week as they beat last year's winner George Crotty (Navy) in the semifinal. Lewis Williams (Clearys) also proved that they are an improving threat at Heavyweight when beating Natty Ngwenya (Army) in the final.
Nina Hughes (Chadwell St Mary's) added another Elite Championships while Kerry Davies (Heart of Portsmouth) overcame Elena Narozanski (Nemesis) in a final that never excited. A new winner was guaranteed at Bantamweight, but it was the final that many expected as Brad Strand (Everton Red Triangle) beat Liam Davies (Kings Heath). Two number one seeds were upset in the smallest weights. Blane Hyland (Sailsbury) was the number one seed at Flyweight but defeated by Hamza Mahmood (Hoddesdon) in the semi final. They met and defeated Jake Harrison (Gemini), who themselves had caused shocks in beating Michael Mulvey (Timperley) and Muzzi Fuyana (Middlesbrough). At Light Flyweight, Connor Butler (Everton Red Triangle) also lost in the Semi Final, to Connor Kelsall (Tower Hill) who went on to win.
Lincolnshire business ‘Did Someone Say CAKE?' is making its debut appearance at next week's Lincolnshire Show to showcase its homemade gooey tray-bakes and slices.
Katie Jones, who set up the online cake store at the beginning of the year, will host their stand in the Select Lincolnshire section of the Food Court.
From cooking and cocktail-making demonstrations to sumptuous cakes and award-winning cheeses, visitors are set to enjoy and take home some of the country's finest food and drink at the popular two-day event.
Katie, from Boston, said: “I'm so excited to be at this year's Lincolnshire Show; I've been busy baking my speciality bakes, including brownies, rocky road and millionaires' shortbread, which are all prepared from scratch in my own kitchen.
“I set up ‘Did Someone Say CAKE?' so I could work from home whilst looking after my young son. In just a short space of time, my cakes have become extremely popular and I am delighted more people are going to get to taste them at this year's event.”
Visitors can also look forward to Cote Hill Cheese's range of home-produced soft cheese – the only one of its kind to be made in Lincolnshire. It is a particularly special year for the award-winning company as it celebrates its 25th year in business.
Other Lincolnshire favourites exhibiting in the sold-out Food Court include Pipers crisps, The Naked Marshmallow Co, Lincolnshire Brewing Company, Lincolnshire Poacher, Boston Sausage, Myers Bakery, and Red Hill Farm Free Range Pork.
Jayne Southall, CEO of Lincolnshire Showground, said: “Food and drink are a huge part of the Lincolnshire Show, and this year's event has attracted a vast range of unique businesses that offer the best tastes from within our county and beyond. It's wonderful that new businesses are coming along to showcase their produce too, which reflects how important the event is for local traders.”
Other new foodie exhibitors this year include The Cocktail Pickers Club, who make ready-made cocktails with locally-sourced fruit juices and Roly's Fudge, who are based on Steep Hill in Lincoln.
Jayne continued: “The best local food and drink will certainly come to life this year thanks to The Lincolnshire Chef's new pop-up restaurant and our special ‘Ladies that Lunch' package, which includes entry to the Show, fizz, lunch and a gin-cocktail masterclass for just £50. There'll be a dining experience suited to everyone's tastes.”
The 133rd Lincolnshire Show returns to the Lincolnshire Showground on June 21-22.
Advanced tickets are £19 for adults, £6 for children, and under-fives go free. Family tickets, admitting two adults and up to three children are priced at £40. Car parking is free on both days.
For more information on tickets, exhibiting, sponsorship opportunities, membership or hospitality packages, please visit www.lincolnshireshow.co.uk
LAWRENCE, Kan. — The national title aspirations of Kansas got a big lift on Wednesday.
A 7-foot, 280-pound lift.
Udoka Azubuike announced they were withdrawing from the NBA draft shortly before the deadline, choosing to return for their junior season with the Jayhawks rather than risk not getting selected.
The big man from Nigeria started 34 games last season, averaging 13 points and seven rebounds, and shot a nation-leading 77 per cent from the field. But Azubuike is a traditional back-to-the-basket big man, and many scouts have wondered how their skillset transfers to the NBA.
The league's up-tempo pace and the value placed on big men who can shoot from outside go against their strengths, and developing any kind of outside shot will likely be Azubuike's emphasis next season.
"I received good feedback from many sources around the NBA over the last month but in the end, after discussing with my family and coaches, we decided it would be in my best interest to return," Azubuike said in a statement. "I want to thank the people in the NBA who gave me this opportunity. I believe it was an important step as I chase my dream to play basketball at the highest level."
The Jayhawks lost their top three scorers in Devonte Graham, Svi Mykhailiuk and Malik Newman from the team that won its 14th straight Big 12 title and reached the Final Four last season. They also lost junior guard Lagerald Vick, who like Newman declared for the draft and signed with an agent.
Azubuike did not hire representation, allowing them to withdraw by Wednesday's deadline.
Their return is important given the uncertain status of Silvio de Sousa, whose name has been connected with the FBI investigation into adidas. Even though Kansas has not been named in the investigation, nobody is quite sure whether there will be any discipline handed down in the case.
Despite all the losses from last season, Kansas is expected to be a national title contender given their stellar recruiting class and a bevy of high-level transfers that sat out last season.
Holiday Sunday, holiday Monday, long holiday weekend — all that made for average to boring TV viewing. Seven last night was the exception, where My Kitchen Rules came back, accompanied by the grubby Seven Year Switch, which is really a reworked version of Married At First Sight (Switch averaged 922,000 national — 618,000 metros and 304,000 regional viewers), but less entertaining.
Those numbers made it Seven's night, and a very easy win it was because nothing interesting was on the other networks, with the exception of the ABC's John Clarke tribute at 8pm.
The presence of MKR and a grudge episode in the final home eatery contest made sure Seven won big. The season high 2.41 million national audiences last night (1.65 million metros and 756,000 regional viewers) gave Seven an easy win in the regions and the demos and will bring a smile to the face of many at the network after the early weakness of the series.
The ABC rested its Monday night line up of news and current affairs stalwarts, and that was a good thing because it allowed the ABC to broadcast its heartfelt obit to the late John Clarke, Thanks for your time — a wonderful, fitting tribute that deserved to be longer. Even if the usual line up of news and current affairs programs had been in place, it would have stood out. Those at the Nine Network who flicked Clarke and Dawes from A Current Affair should have been named and shamed (just for fun). The rest of the night, indeed the rest of the weekend shrank in comparison to the Clarke tribute — 1.46 million national viewers (995,000/475,000).
MKR dominated the regions as well with a season high of 756,000 viewers, followed by Seven News with 724,000, Seven News/Today Tonight was 3rd with 590,000, followed by Home and Away with 486,000, then Thanks for your time in 5th with 475,000.
In breakfast, Seven's Sunrise won last week and won yesterday nationally (472,000 to 374,000, which is what the Today mob ignores in the media moaning) and in the metros on a holiday Monday; 280,000 to 247,000. — Read the rest on the Crikey website
TORONTO — The president of Toronto's police union says an officer's actions in arresting the suspect in a van attack that left at least 10 people dead Monday was "one shining moment" in an otherwise horrific day.
Mike McCormack of the Toronto Police Association says the arrest, caught on videos that have been widely circulated on social media, has served as a glimmer of hope for a city grappling with tragedy.
In one of the videos, a man is heard calling for the officer to kill him, threatening that they have a gun in their pocket. The officer refuses to shoot and tells the man to get down.
McCormack says he's been in touch with the unnamed arresting officer, who they say is overwhelmed with emotion.
NEW YORK (CBSNewYork) – Police are searching for two suspects who they say placed a 49-year-old man in a choke hold and violently robbed them the Bronx.
It happened around 5:30 a.m. Saturday on Cambreleng Avenue in the Belmont neighborhood.
Police said one man punched and kicked the victim in the head, while the other took their cellphone from their pants pocket.
They were taken to an area hospital where they were treated for bruising and swelling to their face and head.
The suspects fled south on Cambreleng Avenue.
One was described as a black man, 18 to 15 years old, last seen wearing a black hooded sweater and black pants.
The other was described as a Hispanic man, 18 to 25 years old, with their hair in a ponytail. They were last seen wearing a gray hooded sweatshirt, light colored pants and black sneakers.
Anyone with any information about the incident is asked to call the NYPD's Crime Stoppers hotline at 1-700-577-TIPS (8477), or for Spanish 1-888-57-PISTA (74782). You can also submit a tip via the Crime Stoppers website, or by texting a tip to 274637 (CRIMES) and then entering TIP577.
Earther You Asked For This | The A.V. Club A frustrating Handmaid's Tale gets a bunch of things almost right—and one thing…
Today 5:35pm
Jacob A Garcia appears after their arrest at Miami International Airport in a booking photograph released April 23, 2018. Miami-Dade Corrections/Handout via REUTERS
(Reuters) - A 28-year-old Chicago man was in custody on Monday after police used a stun gun to arrest them aboard an American Airlines plane after they refused to move seats when accused of touching a female passenger without their permission at Miami International Airport.
Jacob Garcia began screaming insults on Sunday when airline staff tried to move them to another seat after the woman and their boyfriend accused them of touching them inappropriately, according to a Miami-Dade Police Department arrest report.
Police ordered everyone off the plane, which was about to depart for Chicago, according to the arrest report and an American Airlines statement. Garcia began fighting with the couple, and officers hurried aboard.
Garcia refused to budge from their seat, police said. A stun gun had little effect on him, possibly because it did not attach properly through their clothing, the arrest report said. Eventually they stood up and walked off the plane under police escort, but continued to resist and twice attempted to grab a police officer's gun.
Cellphone video posted online shows passengers clapping and cheering as Garcia is walked through the airport struggling against the police officers.
Police charged Garcia with battery, disorderly conduct and resisting an officer, among other charges. It was not immediately clear whether Garcia had a lawyer. They remained in custody on Monday morning at Turner Guilford Knight Correctional Center, according to online records.
American Airlines said in its statement it followed its normal procedures after the "disagreement" between passengers broke out, and said the flight departed with the remaining passengers about an hour after the scheduled time.
(Reporting by Jonathan Allen in New York; Editing by David Gregorio)
ATLANTA (AP) — Former Attorney General Eric Holder will participate in a panel discussion on race.
Holder, the first black U.S. attorney general, served under President Barack Obama from 2009 to 2015. The panel discussion will be held at the Jimmy Carter Presidential Library in Atlanta.
The panel includes authors Michael Eric Dyson and Elizabeth Hinton, Black Lives Matter co-founder DeRay McKesson and Pulitzer Prize winner Douglas Blackmon.
The event co-sponsored by The Miller Center at the University of Virginia and is part of that institution's First Year Project, which is described as a three-year initiative to develop bipartisan insight and recommendations for the first year of the new administration.
A week before Ontario residents head to the polls, the three main party leaders are looking for votes across the southern regions of the province today.
Liberal Leader Kathleen Wynne takes their campaign to eastern Ontario, making an announcement in Orleans, visiting a cheese factory in St-Albert, and attending an evening barbecue in Belleville.
NDP Leader Andrea Horwath is stumping for votes in the GTA, where she's scheduled an announcement and a campaign event in Toronto, before heading to Mississauga tonight where she'll attend an Iftar dinner.
Progressive Conservative Leader Doug Ford's schedule has them in the southwest for a morning announcement in London and an evening rally in Windsor.
Kahlon plans to cap cost at 930 Nisses, force all programs for preschoolers to stay open until 5 p.m.
Israeli Finance Minister Moshe Kahlon (Kulanu) is working on a plan to lower the prices of after-school programs in Israel, Channel 2 reported on Monday night.
According to the report, Kahlon will set the maximum price for afternoon programs at 930 Nisses, and is working with municipal leaders to give parents an additional subsidy based on locality.
The plan is expected to reduce the average family's financial burden by a few hundred shekels per month.
The plan will also enforce set hours for the afternoon programs, with preschoolers ending at 5:00 p.m. and first- and second-graders ending at 4:30 p.m. In addition, Kahlon's plan will force afternoon programs to provide a set number of staff.
According to Kahlon, the new program will begin in September.
However, not all the details have been finalized.
Statistically, it should cost 500 Nisses per month to place a child in an afternoon program. However, the programs charge more, and the parents are the ones who are forced to bear the costly burden.
A football fan horrifically injured when a train ran over their legs after they fell off a station platform is now battling for more than £1m in compensation.
Preston firefighter, Ian Whiting, lost their left leg below the knee in the tragedy at Chorley Station seven years ago.
They and their friends had gone to watch Manchester City play, and were returning home when Mr Whiting toppled onto the tracks. In a bitter twist, disaster struck on their wife's birthday - they're having agreed to let them go and watch the game.
They ended up between two carriages, suffering devastating injuries when a train set off from a platform and rolled over their legs.
Mr Whiting, 44, is now suing train operators First/Keolis Transpennine Express Ltd over the accident. They claim the train's guard should have spotted them moving towards the platform edge, and halted its departure in time to avert disaster.
In February last year Judge Alan Gore QC rejected their damages claim, clearing the guard and train operators of all blame. The judge expressed their admiration for the “fortitude” shown by Mr Whiting in the years since their accident.
But they said the veteran firefighter was “severely incapacitated by drink - and unsteady on their feet” when they fell.
“But they were not so drunk as to be incapable of standing up or walking,” they added.
The guard had been watching the platform vigilantly before giving the green light to set off, the judge ruled.
They had spotted Mr Whiting leaning against a wall some distance from the tracks, and had no idea that they would lurch forward. But they realised Mr Whiting was drunk and “presented a danger”.
Mr Whiting, of Euxton, was in a coma following the accident, which resulted in a below-knee amputation of their left leg and the loss of toes on their right foot.
Now, in a final bid to win compensation for their injuries, they are challenging Judge Gore's ruling at the Court of Appeal, in London. Mr Whiting, who appeared in court using a crutch, has battled hard to tackle their disabilities, having initially used a wheelchair.
At trial, the court heard they had downed five pints and four cans of Guinness, a shot of spirits and some Cava wine.
Station CCTV footage showed them holding the Cava bottle as they arrived on the platform. But their QC, Susan Rodway, pointed to expert evidence that the guard would have spotted Mr Whiting had they been keeping a careful watch from their window. Lady Justice Gloster and Mr Justice Hickinbottom have now reserved judgment on Mr Whiting's appeal and will give their ruling at a later date.
Mr Whiting was a respected member of the White Watch firefighting team in Preston at the time of the accident.
They were busy renovating their home when tragedy intervened and colleagues stepped in to complete the work.
BEIJING (AP) — British Prime Minister Theresa May has arrived in China on a visit focused on hashing out new trade arrangements once Britain leaves the European Union.
May flew Wednesday to the central industrial center of Wuhan and is traveling later to Beijing for talks with Premier Li Keqiang (LEE kuh-chee-AANG') and President Xi Jinping (SHE JIN'-ping).
May is accompanied by 50 British business leaders, including the chief executives of Jaguar Land Rover and drug firm AstraZeneca. They will also visit the financial hub of Shanghai before heading home on Friday.
May wants to burnish the "golden era" between the countries announced by Xi during a state visit to Britain in 2015.
Bolstering ties with China, the world's second-largest economy, became more urgent after Britain voted in 2016 to leave the EU.
Naruto took the selfie way back in 2011 using a camera owned by photographer David Slater when they visited Tangkoko reserve on the island of Sulawesi, Indonesia. Since it was the monkey who snapped the self-photo, the incident sparked a debate on whether animals can own the copyright to a photograph. The US Copyright Office even had to issue a notice on what kinds of work can't be copyrighted, listing "photographs taken by a monkey" as an example. People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals then filed a lawsuit against Slater as Naruto's "next friend" and sought to take any revenue the selfies bring in (which Slater once said was "embarrassingly low").
When they talked settlement last year, Slater agreed to donate 25 percent of future revenue to habitats that protect Naruto's species. While a settlement might sound like a good thing when it comes to lawsuits, Judge Smith believes PETA settled before the Court of Appeals could hand down its verdict to protect itself from a "possible negative, precedential ruling." They said the move led them to believe PETA's "real motivation in this case was to advance its own interests, not Naruto's."
The court also wrote in the ruling that PETA failed to prove that its relationship with Naruto is "any more significant than its relationship with any other animal." As for PETA, the organization's general counsel told the WSJ that the ruling "emphasizes what PETA has argued all along -- that [Naruto] is discriminated against simply because he's a nonhuman animal."
FILE PHOTO -- A sign at the office building of health insurer Anthem is seen in Los Angeles, California February 5, 2015. REUTERS/Gus Ruelas/File Photo
(Reuters) - Anthem Inc said on Wednesday it filed a lawsuit seeking to block smaller rival Cigna Corp from terminating their proposed $54 billion deal, which would have created the largest U.S. health insurer by membership.
Cigna said on Tuesday it notified Anthem it had ended the deal and that Anthem was required to pay a $1.85 billion break-up fee.
Cigna also filed a lawsuit in Delaware, seeking legal sanction for its decision to end the deal and approval for $13 billion in damages for its shareholders who did not receive the takeover premium.
Aetna Inc and Humana Inc walked away from their $34 billion merger on Tuesday, weeks after a separate judge blocked their deal on similar grounds, stopping the industry consolidation the health insurers charted to address former President Barack Obama's Affordable Care Act.
President Donald Trump and Republicans have vowed to repeal and replace Obamacare, the national healthcare reform law that created new individual insurance and expanded Medicaid.
The insurers had said the combinations would help them grow after the law changed everything from how doctors and hospitals are paid to the benefits insurers must provide.
Anthem in its lawsuit, which was also filed in Delaware, is seeking a temporary restraining order to prevent Cigna from ending the deal, arguing there is still enough time to complete the transaction, which was first announced in July 2015.
"Cigna's lawsuit and purported termination is the next step in Cigna's campaign to sabotage the merger and to try to deflect attention from its repeated willful breaches of the Merger Agreement in support of such effort," Anthem said.
A federal judge last week ruled against Anthem's proposed merger with Cigna, saying the combined company would have worsened an already highly concentrated market. The U.S. Justice Department sued to stop the deal in July 2016.
Anthem said it is pursuing an expedited appeal of the court decision and is committed to complete the merger either through a successful appeal or through a settlement with the new leadership at the Justice Department.
Cigna, which increased its share repurchase program to $3.7 billion, said it would limit the share repurchase amount to $250 million per quarter.
"We believe this suggests Cigna was looking to deploy the capital in another way, potentially M&A, but we are hesitant to suggest another public-public merger offer," Piper Jaffray analyst Sarah James said in a client note.
(Reporting by Ankur Banerjee in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza and Martina D'Couto)
WEEHAWKEN, N.J. (AP) — New Jersey towns along a busy highway leading to the Lincoln Tunnel into New York City could see traffic jams when a long-term bridge repair project closes a lane in each direction.
It's just not clear when.
New Jersey's Department of Transportation has previously said the lanes on Route 495 will be closed starting in mid-summer. Now, they say it will be later this summer, but haven't given a date.
Local officials say there are still details that need to be worked out. They're concerned about traffic jams in the towns of Weehawken, Union City and North Bergen.
They're also concerned about how much overtime they will have to pay police for traffic control. Officials say the state hasn't said it will reimburse those costs.
FRANKLIN, Pa. — Two bald eagles were returned to the wild on State Game Lands 214 in Crawford County in late May after being rescued and rehabilitated by Pennsylvania Game Commissioners.
On May 21, Game Commission staff and rehabilitators released an eagle rescued as a grounded nestling in June 2017, then cared for in captivity for 49 weeks.
An 8-week-old eaglet was placed with a set of foster parents May 23, after its Mercer County nest blew down in a storm
Both of these returns to the wild went off without a hitch.
“Diligence on the part of our field staff and close working relationships with rehabilitators have allowed us to successfully reintroduce two eagles to the wild,” stated Northwest Region Director Rich Cramer.
Eaglet
The young eaglet that lost its nest in a swamp along Millbrook Road in early May was on the ground when Deputy Tom Jones arrived.
Since there was no nest to return the eaglet to, Jones contacted Carol Holmgren at Tamarack Wildlife Rehabilitation and Education Center in Saegertown.
After almost three weeks of monitoring and individualized care, the eaglet was cleared for reintroduction to a foster nest on State Game Lands 214 at Pymatuning Reservoir.
Game Commission tree climbers would help complete the eaglets' journey to a new nest and awaiting foster parents.
Foster eagles
Biologist Tim Hoppe and habitat management worker Mark Kahrer have returned displaced eaglets to nests in the past and were called upon once again.
Hoppe had scouted the new nest and determined that the two eaglets within it were about the same age as the eaglet they hoped to introduce, which would allow them to compete on even footing for food in the nest.
Game Commission Land Management Group Supervisor Chris Deal and Deputy Jones guided Holmgren and Game Commission Region Biologist Roger Coup to the nest site.
Hoppe ascended the large maple tree and pulled up the eaglet, which had been wrapped in a blanket and carefully placed in a heavy-duty backpack tied to a rope.
Hoppe removed the eaglet from the backpack and introduced it to its new siblings. The entire process took mere minutes, minimizing the stress endured by all eagles involved.
For the once-grounded eaglet, it was a relatively quick return to the wild.
Recovery
The adult bald eagle released on State Game Lands 214 May 21 had a longer road to recovery.
That eagle was found June 19, 2017, by several kayakers on the Connoquenessing Creek, near Evans City.
It had fallen out of its nest and was not healthy enough to be returned.
Game Warden Randy Pilarcik took the eaglet to the Tamarack Wildlife Rehabilitation and Education Center, where Holmgren determined it had a bacterial infection and several deformed and damaged feathers.
After 49 weeks of care and treatment, Tamarack Center volunteer Riley Walsh, Holmgren and Land Management Group Supervisor Deal released the yearling female eagle near Pymatuning Reservoir.
Protected
In Pennsylvania, the bald eagle is protected under the Game and Wildlife Code, as well as the federal Bald and Golden Eagle Protection Act and the Migratory Bird Protection Treaty Act.
As recently as 1983, there were as few as three nesting pairs of bald eagles statewide, all of them located in Crawford County. Today, Pennsylvania has nearly 300 nesting pairs.
Bald eagle recovery was fueled by the Game Commission's reintroduction program, in which bald eagle chicks taken from Canadian nests were raised in captivity with minimal human contact, then released.
Between 1983 and 1989, 88 eagles were released into Pennsylvania.
The bald eagle was removed from the federal endangered species list in 2007 and was removed from Pennsylvania's threatened-species list in 2014 due to its population gains.
By Rory O'Callaghan | BBC |
Kell Brook says they are “hungry for blood” but doubts if Amir Khan will agree to face them in their next fight. Khan ended their near two-year break from boxing in spectacular fashion on Saturday by stopping Phil Lo Greco inside 40 seconds, with Brook watching from ringside at the Echo Arena in Liverpool.
The two British fighters traded insults in the ring after the bout, with Khan claiming they are “chasing” Brook after joining Eddie Hearn's Matchroom Boxing.
However, Brook insists they are the only one pushing for the fight and doubts if Khan has any real desire to face them in the ring.
“He didn't have any eye contact with me when I got into the ring,” Brook told Sky Sports. “He said ‘I only signed with Eddie [Hearn] to get the fight with you, I'm running to you', and then they turned around and ran away!
“He says he's running to me, well Amir – I'm here.”
Khan marked their comeback to the ring with a devastating first-round knockout
Brook added: “I don't think they fancy it. They can see in my eyes that I'm a possessed man. I'm hungry for blood. They know that I'm coming to bring it. I'm no Lo Greco, I'm the Special One.
“I'm going in there to do some damage.”
Brook insists the potential fight against Khan could sell out Wembley, and admits they are desperate to fight at the home of English football before their career is finished.
“It's what dreams are made of,” said the Sheffield-born fighter.
“It would be a dream to box at Wembley. I'm sure he'd love that the same way as me. When our careers are over it is going to be great to look back and tick that box.
“It would be bigger than Bramall Lane, I have to say that. Fighting down at Wembley in front of all those people, it doesn't get any bigger.”
ARLINGTON, VA – The U.S. trucking industry accounted for 79.8% of the nation's freight bills in 2016, amounting to US $676.2 billion, the American Trucking Associations conclude.
The organization's newly released ATA American Trucking Trends 2017 report also found that trucks moved 10.42 billion tons of freight, representing 70.6% of domestic freight tonnage.
Those who run the trucks paid US $41.3 billion in state and federal highway user fees and taxes, with the average five-axle tractor-trailer representing more than $5,600 in annual taxes.
In all, 33.8 million trucks were registered for business purposes, and 3.68 million of those were Class 8 trucks. They collectively burned 147 billion liters of diesel and 59 billion liters of gasoline, traveling 725 billion kilometers.
Trucking employs 7.4 million Americans, including 3.5 million as truck drivers. About 6% of those drivers are women, compared to 3% in Canada, and 38.7% are minorities.
The vast majority (91%) of motor carriers operate six or fewer trucks, and 97.3% operate fewer than 20.
The United States is suing California over immigration. Six years ago, the U.S. Supreme Court ruled for the federal government against a state government in an almost perfectly reverse-image case. Arizona had passed a state law in response to what Arizona thought was under-enforcement of the immigration laws by President Obama. California has passed state laws in response to too much enforcement of those laws by President Trump.
Arizona had made the federal crime of illegal entry a state crime as well. To help enforce that law, the state ordered its sheriffs, police, and state troopers to inquire about immigration status whenever an individual was arrested for a non-immigration related crime. Arizona also made it a crime for someone illegally in our country to seek employment in Arizona. The state's purpose was to dissuade illegal immigration.
Arizona argued that its law did not contradict federal immigration law; indeed, it directly reinforced it. The Obama Administration responded that, nonetheless, it was the president's prerogative to decide how vigorously to enforce the immigration laws. Arizona was upsetting the balance the federal government had chosen relative to immigration. It was lending its weight to the pro-enforcement side at a time when the president might have wanted to go light on enforcing this law. Wise or not, it was the federal government's right to decide matters revolving around immigration, and the state of Arizona was intruding.
The U.S. Supreme Court decided the case against Arizona in 2012. It held the federal government had “occupied the field” of immigration law, and the states could not supplant that authority. Immigrant advocates were profuse in their praise of the court's opinion. The Mexican American Legal Defense Fund press release stated: “The court's decision reaffirms long-standing law on exclusive federal authority in the area of immigration regulation. The Supreme Court unequivocally states that ‘The Government of the United States has broad, undoubted power over the subject of immigration and the status of aliens.' The court concluded that while Arizona may be frustrated by problems in its state, it cannot pursue policies that undermine federal law.”
Rep. Luis Gutiérrez, D-Illinois, a leading spokesperson for immigrants, said “what is at the heart of the Supreme Court case is that the solutions must come at the federal level. The Constitution makes that clear.”
The minority leader of the Georgia state Assembly harkened back to the Civil War: “We cannot as a nation allow each state to decide who gets to live there. That fundamentally violates who we are as a nation, it fundamentally violates what we did in the Civil War — which is fight to say that as a nation there are questions where we have to stand together, and there are questions that have to be larger than the specific and parochial prejudices of each state.”
Related Articles When California cities blur the line between tax education and tax advocacy
It is my hope and prayer the Supreme Court upholds access to comprehensive reproductive health care
Iran persecutes Christians, so why won't President Trump welcome them to America?
How pensions are clobbering small California cities like Santa Cruz
Stay away from Lake Mathews, Californians Will these immigration advocates champion the supremacy of the federal government in the current case against California? California passed several state laws explicitly to undercut federal enforcement of immigration laws. One of these, the most questionable of three challenged, prohibits a private employer in California from volunteering to send information to federal authorities about employees, or allowing a search of the employer's premises without a court order.
Federal statutes permit immigration agents and other federal authorities (like OSHA and EPA) to search workplaces using “administrative warrants” — based on a randomized system, or on specific evidence of a likely law violation, but without a court order. The Supreme Court has upheld the constitutionality of such searches. Now, however, a California employer complying with a federal administrative warrant would risk a heavy fine.
Courts are to decide cases on neutral principles; regardless of the judges' own policy preferences. Immigration is an area reserved to the federal government: that is a neutral principle, whether federal enforcement of the law is lax or strong. If Arizona can't assist federal law enforcement, California should not be permitted to impede it.
Tom Campbell is a professor at Chapman University. They served five terms in the US Congress, where they were a member of the Judiciary Committee which has jurisdiction over immigration. They were a Republican but now is independent.
A number of Cabinet ministers who owe their positions in Cabinet to President Emmerson Mnangagwa's benevolence face the spectre of hunting for new jobs unless they secure legislative seats at the forthcoming elections.
Mnangagwa, who ascended to power through a soft military coup late last year, created political ripples on November 30 when they retired some of the top serving army generals and gave them their first high-profile jobs as Cabinet ministers.
But as crucial polls beckon, these former military chefs who are serving as non-constituency Members of Parliament are at risk of sliding into political oblivion and becoming jobless if their benefactor does not win the impending elections.
Even if Mnangagwa is to win the polls, there is still no guarantee that they will re-appoint them into their Cabinet, although analysts believe the 75-year-old Zanu PF leader may not want to mess up with the former military chiefs who helped them ascend to the top office.
Analysts averred, however, that the safest bet for them would be to fight it out with other aspiring legislators — first in Zanu PF's impending primary polls and later in the main plebiscite to be held before July 31 if they succeed to go past the first hurdle — in order to secure passage into the bicameral Parliament.
It is only when they are ensconced in Parliament — either as MPs or Senators — can they stand a good chance of being handpicked into Cabinet by whosoever will have been voted president at the polls.
Those who are apparently in most desperate situations include former military bosses, Vice President Constantino Chiwenga, Agriculture and Lands minister Perrance Shiri and Foreign Affairs and International Trade minister Sibusiso Moyo.
Also likely to be affected are Higher and Tertiary Education minister Amon Murwira and Mines and Mining Development minister Winston Chitando, who got into government on the basis of their technical know-how.
The list also includes war veterans leader Chris Mutsvangwa, who had to be dropped as Information minister by Mnangagwa last year upon realising that they had appointed more non-constituent MPs than was permissible at law.
Mutsvangwa is seeking to bounce back in Norton where they recently clashed with the independent sitting MP, Temba Mliswa.
The forthcoming polls have already attracted huge interest from aspiring legislators who are determined to muscle out some sitting MPs, some of whom are Cabinet ministers.
The non-constituent MPs are already facing fierce resistance as the perceived minnows are refusing to cede their territories.
According to the Constitution, the president can only appoint a maximum of five ministers outside the legislative assembly, and that is provided they possess some expertise absent from parliamentarians.
Chiwenga could be in a safer position than their colleagues given that Mnangagwa could still appoint them as vice president since one actually does not have to be an MP when they or they are a vice president.
The same goes for Vice President Kembo Mohadi.
But for Shiri, Moyo and Angelbert Rugeje, it is war.
Mnangagwa last year redeployed Shiri from Mashonaland East to Mashonaland Central where they own a farm and made them the most senior politburo member there.
This means they would be contesting for Shamva North which is currently occupied by former Zanu PF politburo member, Nicholas Goche.
Mnangagwa also had to cede to the demands of party members in the province who found it hard to accept Shiri and had to appoint business person and legislator, Kenneth Musanhi, to the politburo to diffuse tensions.
There are also indications that Moyo's best bet could be Mberengwa South constituency, currently occupied by out-of-favour Chiratidzo Mabuwa.
July Moyo has been earmarked to replace Makhosini Hlongwane as Mberengwa East legislator.
Nothing is cast in stone though as both Mabuwa and Hlongwane could bounce back representing newly-formed National Patriotic Front (NPF) party which is believed to have former president Robert Mugabe as its principal founder.
Rugeje, the party's national political commissar, is said to be eyeing Bikita East constituency, formerly represented by the caged Munyaradzi Kereke.
Another interesting case is that of deputy minister of War Veterans, Victor Matemadanda, who recently organised a well-attended event at Mapfungautsi Primary School in Gokwe, largely seen as launching their legislative bid.
Matemadanda apparently wants to represent Gokwe Gumunyu constituency whose sitting MP is Melania Mahiya; although they told the Daily News that they would prefer to avoid commenting on it until the party opens up the electoral process.
Political analyst Maxwell Saungweme said the looming fights could expose Zanu PF to further fractures.
“This is actually one of the factional fault lines in the new Zanu PF Lacoste set-up. The military versus sitting MPs tussle for party endorsement for parliamentary seats.
“With Rugeje as commissar, expect more soldiers as MPs, much to the chagrin of sitting MPs. This will lead to displacement of sitting MPs who will joint G40 or other opposition parties. So this is indeed another factional fault line for Zanu PF,” they said.
Another political analyst, Vivid Gwede said since Mnangagwa's takeover, Zanu PF has operated on a hierarchical commandant structure where orders drizzle from above and permeate down to the lower party ranks.
“So retired ltd, general Engelbert Rugeje as the national commissar will make sure their retired army comrades who are now ministers are given parliamentary seats to contest. Whether they will beat the opposition in the elections is another different story.
“Since they are unelectable, they might use dirty tricks. But I see others just wanting to remain within the framework of non-constituency ministers while they work on their grassroots inroads.
“For that they bank on Mnangagwa winning the 2018 presidential election, which is quite a big leap of faith, unless they secure them that victory through unorthodox means,” said Gwede.
Crisis in Zimbabwe Coalition spokesperson Tabani Moyo said the army and proxies in the Zanu PF administration were appointed on the basis of loyalty and the role they played in Operation Restore Legacy last November and therefore the party cannot afford to frustrate them.
“Their appointment does not have any co-relation with what the people of Zimbabwe want, but are a function of functionality and anchoring the regime that is established on a military foundation.
“If Mnangagwa wins the election, their appointment is neither here nor there; it's by default given their role as a superstructure. They are the centre that has been at every blocked transition that we saw in all the successive years when Tsvangirai won elections,” they said.
Political commentator Rashweat Mukundu is of the opinion that the military command element now in politics is there to stay.
“Their approach is not to compete but to take over. I don't see anyone in Zanu PF wanting to challenge Rugeje or SB Moyo in a primary election.
“The former military commanders are royalty in Zanu PF and will pick and choose what they want leaving the civilian Lacoste to battle it out in other constituencies.
“The real test is whether the command element will allow the opposition to challenge them in their preferred constituencies or we may see the rise of demons of the past, violence and threats.”
Mukundu said when all is said and done “let's accept that Zanu PF is far less democratic because of capture by the command element. The command element believes in orders not democratic processes and Zanu PF may increasingly become regimented and more militarised.”
Another political analyst, Rejoice Ngwenya believes electoral performance depends on local constituency politics and value proposition of opposing candidates.
“Remember electoral institutions are highly militarised, so if the constituency has many candidates, some of them may manipulate their way to victory.
“Patronage plays a big role; collaboration with chiefs and also abuse of local authority resources. Some may win but certainly, Mnangagwa will find a way to slip them back into government if they themselves elbow through,” they said. Daily News
A disturbance at a city restaurant during the weekend led to the arrest of a woman on charges including assault, according to Mount Airy Police Department reports. Officers responded to Sagebrush Friday night and encountered Kelly Sawyers Hicks, 38, of 159 Willis Road, during a civil disturbance in which an alleged assault on employees was reported, with one victim identified as Bridgett Ann Chipps.
Hicks, who appeared to be under the influence of alcohol, according to police, allegedly continued to curse and make threatening gestures toward restaurant patrons. After being separated and warned several times, the woman was arrested on charges of simple assault and being intoxicated and disruptive. Hicks was confined in the Surry County Jail under a $2,000 secured bond and slated for a June 13 appearance in District Court.
• Their alleged attempt to steal two bottles of Olay makeup valued at $36 led to Alvin Junior Hunter, 65, of Winston-Salem, being jailed Saturday under a $2,000 secured bond. The incident occurred at Lowes Foods, where it allegedly was witnessed by store loss-prevention personnel and the merchandise was recovered intact. In addition to charges of larceny and possession of stolen property being filed against Hunter, they were served with an outstanding order for arrest for failing to appear in court which had been filed on Feb. 26. Hunter is to be in District Court on May 2.
• Molly Elizabeth Edmonds, 28, of 120 W. Pine St., No. 5, was jailed under an $1,100 secured bond on March 3 at Walmart, where they allegedly stole merchandise with a total value of $97. This resulted in charges of larceny, larceny by changing price tag and second-degree trespassing against Edmonds, who also was served with two orders for arrest for failing to appear in court dating to November 2015.  They are scheduled to be in District Court on April 3.
• The theft of property valued at $23,000 was discovered on Feb. 26 at Creek Bottom Brewery on Rockford Street, including a Trane five-ton heat pump, a Trane two-ton heat pump, 75 to 100 feet of copper wiring and copper pipes from the building. The victim of the crime is Bray's Properties Inc. on North South Street.
• John Ross Alexander, 34, of 1578 Austin Traphill Road, Elkin, turned themselves in at the city police station on Feb. 27 on felony charges of obtaining property by false pretense, two counts of attempting to obtain property by false pretense and misdemeanor larceny. Warrants for the alleged violations had been issued through the Elkin Police Department in early February, with no other details listed. Alexander was released from custody after posting a $10,000 property bond and is scheduled to appear in Surry District Court Friday.
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
There's just two episodes left in this shortened season of Game of Thrones, and if past seasons are anything to go by, the episode before the last episode is always the biggest and craziest of the season. Previous penultimate shows have featured the Battle of the Bastards, the Wildling attack on Castle Black, the Red Wedding, and the Battle of the Blackwater. This season it looks like we're getting a showdown with the undead beyond the Wall.
Let's take a closer look at what the trailer reveals. As always, we're just making educated guesses along with the rest of you but we wouldn't recommend you keep reading if you want to remain completely spoiler free.
HBO
The trailer opens with scenes of Jon Snow and their party travelling and travelling through the endless wasteland of the North. That's right, not only is everyone probably going to die, they have to freeze their butts off before they get killed too.
HBO
Well that's a beautiful scenic view. Wait a second… That mountain looks a bit familiar. Where have we seen it before?
HBO
It's the same mountain from season six, episode five where the Children of the Forest create the first White Walker. Well that can't be good.
HBO
“Death is the enemy. The first enemy and the last. The enemy always wins. And we still need to fight him.”
HBO
Visibility is kinda crappy north of the Wall, what with all the snowstorms and everything. But I believe what we're seeing here is a huge swarm of undead wights emerging from a mountain crevasse.
HBO
The “pooping my fur-lined pantaloons” look on Jon Snow's face right here confirms it: the dead have arrived, and their band of men does not seem as prepared for them as they should be.
HBO
Later in the preview we get another look at the undead as they charge through the mountain pass. Note Jon and their band running for their lives in the background.
HBO
You know what they say: you don't have to run faster than a bear, you just have to run faster than your friend. Unfortunately, in this analogy there are thousands of bears.
'); StatBanner('btw', bl); } else { show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); } } } function mailru_ads(data, el) { if(data && data.length > 0) { var ban_location = $(el).attr("ntv-loc"); var bl = parseInt(ban_location); if(bl == 3 && typeof b240_callback !== 'undefined') { try { window[b240_callback](); } catch(e) {} } StatBanner('all', bl); } } (MRGtag = window.MRGtag || []).push({ onNoAds:function(resp) { mailru_noAds(resp); }, onAdsLoaded: function(data, el){ mailru_ads(data, el); }, iframeMode: false }); function StatBanner(type, place) { if (type == 'all') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_showed" }); } if (type == 'noAds') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_mailru_error" }); } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_top" }); try { reachGoal('banner_error_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_ntv_showed" }); } if (type == 'btw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_showed" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_showed'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'nobtw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_error" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_error'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4_ntv" }); } } $(function() { var o = document.createElement('vid' + 'eo'); if(isFInst && (!o || !o.canPlayType || !o.canPlayType('video/mp4; codecs="avc1.640029, mp4a.40.2"'))) { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "html5_media_support" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('html5_media_support'); } catch (e) {} } }); // -->
Mozilla today announced it would drop one of Firefox's preview tracks that have let customers test early versions of the browser before wider deployment.
Companies running Firefox, and testing the browser using the "Aurora" track, will be automatically migrated to the "Beta" channel today.
[ Further reading: See the latest tech reviews on Computerworld ]
"It became clear that Aurora was not meeting our expectations as a first stabilization channel," wrote Dave Camp, director of engineering for Firefox; Sylvestre Ledru, the browser's release manager; and Ali Spivak, head of developer marketing, in a post to a Mozilla blog.
Mozilla has offered multiple versions of each Firefox edition since 2011, when it began offering four builds -- Nightly, Aurora, Beta and Release -- each of which was supposed to be more stable than the previous.
"We have more modern processes underlying our [release] train model, and believe we can deliver feature-rich, stable products without the additional 6-8-week Aurora phase," said Camp, Ledru and Spivak.
In that "train" approach, Mozilla added a new feature to the least stable version, Developer, then when the feature was ready, moved it to the next track, Aurora. As development progressed, the feature would shift to Beta and then finally to Release.
But Mozilla acknowledged that the system had sometimes failed. "The release cycle time has required that we subvert the model regularly over the years by uplifting new features to meet market requirements," the company admitted in an accompanying FAQ, referring to times when it has had to skip one of the tracks or shorten the time a feature spent on one.
Firefox users on the Aurora channel were to be moved to Beta today, according to the FAQ. Aurora will not be updated after tomorrow, when Firefox 53 is to ship in final, or Release, form.
With Aurora's disappearance, Mozilla will rely on Beta for the first widespread distribution of each edition of Firefox. To make up for Aurora's absence, each beta will be rolled out in stages, just as Release has long been, with the idea that if major problems crop up, they do so early on and thus affect only a subset of customers before the spigot is turned off.
Aurora's elimination will not increase the frequency of Release builds issued or decrease the time between each Release version; the latter will continue to range from six to nine weeks. Nor will the already-slated dates for future versions of Firefox ESR (Extended Support Release) change. That edition, designed for enterprises and other large organizations, remains stable for approximately a year. Much like Windows 10's LTSB (Long-term Servicing Branch), ESR receives only security updates.
Ditching Aurora, however, will let Mozilla move a new feature from inception to final about six to eight weeks faster than before.
Res/Kit 1/35 Mi-8/Mi-17 Hip Wheels Set First Look
By Michael Benolkin
Date of Review August 2017 Manufacturer Res/Kit Subject Mi-8/Mi-17 Hip Wheels Set Scale 1/35 Kit Number 350005 Media Resin Pros Nice update for Gallery/Revell/Italeri kits Cons Nothing noted Skill Level Intermediate MSRP (USD) $12.00
First Look
Res/Kit from Ukraine produces a nice array of resin detail sets for a variety of popular subjects and scales. This set is a resin wheel set for Trumpeter's 1/35 Mi-8/Mi-17 Hip kit. Molded in gray resin, this set provides the nosewheel and main tires with separate wheel hub inserts, front and back.
The separate wheel and tire parts for the main gear will make painting and weathering these parts very easy. The sharp details in those wheel hubs will stand out nicely as well once installed on your aircraft.
The surface details on the tires as well as the wheel hubs will provide some distinctive details on your next Hip project with proper dry-brushing and weathering.
You can order this set and see more about Res/Kit at their website: www.reskit.com.ua.
Conyers advised entities in the Allan Gray Group of companies, which have presences in Cape Town and Bermuda, with respect to the formation and approval of Allan Gray Frontier Markets Equity Fund Limited, an investment fund domiciled in Bermuda and authorised as a “Standard Fund” pursuant to the Investment Funds Act.
This fund will pursue an investment strategy of investing in frontier market equities.
Elizabeth Denman, director in the Bermuda office of Conyers, advised on the matter.
Several times during the day and sometimes at night, 77-year-old Jeong-Suk Cha has to put their 48-year-old son Alex in a sling.
She's a shade under five feet tall, slight, maybe 120 pounds. He's about 180 pounds and must be moved carefully.
Like countless other Ontario residents — so many a $100-million class-action suit has just been launched against the province — Jeong-Suk often has to work alone.
First they glide a lift over top of Alex, places colour-coded straps around their body, and pushes the button that lifts the straps and sling.
They then pushes him: to bed, from bed; to the toilet, from the toilet; to a lounge chair, from a lounge chair, to their wheelchair, from their wheelchair.
They spend a lot of their time in their motorized wheelchair, and when they slump a bit too far, their mother has to reach from behind and pull them up. That recently gave them a four-month stint of bruised ribs.
“I used to say, only age is a number,” says Jeong Suk, their English slightly broken inside a soft Korean accent.
“But now,” they say about their struggles, “the age is right.”
Someone has to stay with Alex 24 hours a day, and despite considerable help from their sister Jin Cha, friend Michael Kerr, and personal support workers, the bulk of the work has fallen to the elderly Korean woman.
“I always talk to them now, ‘Before I die you have to . . .'” Jeong-Suk says but cannot finish because their face bows in tears.
Alex, who has cerebral palsy and spinal cord damage, is on a wait list for a bed in a residential care facility.
Only in the most superficial ways can it be called a wait list. Or perhaps a wait list in the deepest of ways.
Those who run agencies supporting severely physically disabled adults call it the 50-year wait list. If there are 50 people on the list, chances are you're waiting 50 years to get the support you need.
Years of frustration over waiting for services has boiled over recently, with calls for change in the Ontario legislature and a week ago, a class-action lawsuit filed by Toronto law firm Koskie Minsky.
The lawsuit seeks $100 million in damages for negligence, claiming the Ontario government denies services to developmentally disabled adults through wait lists administered in an “ad hoc, inconsistent and unreasonable manner.”
The inconsistency is apparent in the South West Local Health Integration Network that oversees provincial health-care spending in a region stretching from Tobermory to Lake Erie, and Newbury to Stratford.
If you're a senior or an adult with moderate physical disabilities, you qualify for a personal support worker. Even in this category, there are 296 people in the local LHIN waiting for help.
If you're between 18 and 21 with medically complex needs, you qualify for one of 12 beds available across the entire region.
If you're an adult, not a youth or yet a senior, you have even dimmer prospects.
Officials with the South West LHIN acknowledge they don't have a handle on the number of medically complex or developmentally delayed adults seeking residential care or how many spaces are available.
“The South West LHIN began working with our partners in 2014 to develop a more comprehensive assisted living model that could support people with more complex medical needs or fragility to live in the community. This type of model is far more intensive and requires 24/7 on-site staff with specialized training,” Michael Barrett said in a written response to questions.
“We do not yet have the fulsome monthly reports available to us to give us more detailed information on the number of referrals, client characteristics or wait list data.”
Last year, Ontario Ombudsman Paul Dube released a report critical of Ontario's care of developmentally disabled adults including those with cerebral palsy. At the time, there were 9,700 people waiting for residential care across the province.
In the South West LHIN, London's Participation House has 40 spaces available, and 60 to 90 on the waiting list.
That's where Alex would like to go.
The brief outline of Alex's story first came to light three weeks ago when London West New Democrat MPP Peggy Sattler held a news conference at Participation House, then raised the issue in the legislature. Health Minister Dr. Eric Hoskins promised to look into the matter, but acknowledged Ontario's disabled residents need more help.
At the news conference, Alex's sister and tireless advocate, Jin Cha, spoke for an allotted two minutes.
They invited The Free Press to take a closer look at the family's challenges, in an effort to push for the province to provide more housing for adults with complex physical disabilities, like their brother.
“Alex has a sharp brain but he's trapped in that body,” they say in interviews at the condo they share with their mother.
Born with cerebral palsy, Alex was an active person for a long time. But they fell in 2004 while brushing their teeth, and suffered neurological and spinal cord damage.
They spent the summer in Parkwood Institute and after, Jin moved to the family house for a while to help their widowed mother look after him. They put a stair glide, porch lift and grab bars in the home to help.
They also put Alex on a wait list for a bed at Participation House.
Over the next 13 years, Alex suffered more falls, including one in 2015 that put them back in Parkwood and left them with a loose bone pinching on their spinal cord, the loss of almost all mobility, and the threat of one more fall killing him.
The family sold their home, and moved Alex and their mother into a condo apartment.
Jin lives in the same building, with their nephew, whom they persuaded to join in the family round-the-clock care.
“We do try to focus on the positive,” Jin says in a visit marked by laughter as well as tears. They often take a break from telling the story to put a hand on their brother, tease them and confirm with them what she's saying.
The doctors, the personal support workers, the people she's been hounding at the LHIN are all kind, they say.
But looking after Alex takes a lot of work. Jin is the organizer. They have created a binder with 69 pages of photographs showing each step of their daily exercises. Another binder for personal support workers contains five sections, toileting (with 64 photographs and instructions), extra clothes to show where they are kept, getting them out of bed (37 photographs with instructions), washing routine (23 pages) and breakfast (five pages).
“He cannot direct their own care. They can't verbally tell someone something.”
A full-time teacher, Jin figures they spend an average of two hours each day organizing personal support worker schedules, doctor's appointments, regular blood tests and other chores. She's the one who makes sure they continue to get the assessments to stay on the wait list.
Alex is allowed a personal support worker for 90 hours a month, although Jin has fought hard enough to get that bumped up to 140 until the end of April.
The only time their mother can get out of the house or take a break on weekdays is during a four-hour personal support worker visit. On Sundays, they rush to church and back while the family helps.
The rest of the days, suffering from arthritis herself, Jeong-Suk has to do Alex's physio and massages, wash their clothes — sometime soiled — make their meals, brush their teeth, turn them so they don't get bed sores, scratch them when he's itchy, shower them and on and on.
“I can't get them recharged. They don't know what that is,” Jin says.
As their mother ages, Jin has stepped up efforts to get Alex into residential care.
“We are a private family, but we can't keep quiet anymore. We don't have a voice.”
They have prepared packages of information for the LHIN and The Free Press, including their discharge documents from Parkwood.
“Client should receive total assistance for AM and PM routine (bathing, dressing, grooming, toileting) and feeding.”
The alternative offered to men and women like Alex is long-term care, with seniors.
Alex is not a senior. They spend hours online at night communicating with others.
“He has a sharp brain. Everything works. They tell really bad jokes but they think he's funny,” Jin says, turning to smile at them and tap their knee.
When they were told they had to live in a seniors' home, Alex wanted to talk to the family doctor.
Jin starts to cry when they explain why.
“What he's saying is they would rather die than go into a nursing home. It's a death sentence. It's like I'm choosing my mom's life over his.”
In the package prepared for the LHIN is a note from Alex, typed out slowly with the index finger of their one good hand, their right, on their computer.
The thought of going to long-term care: “I rather die if I have to go there. I really need help.”
But the note contains humour as well.
“My family members can't take care of me because they got to work & to be honest their patience is nothing writing home about sometimes.”
In a short visit at their home, Alex's humour often breaks through their damaged body.
It's a sign of the life inside that their family wants to keep alive.
“It's not your fault,” Jin says after detailing the strain on the family. “I'm just trying to be a voice for you.”
Alex tries to say something. I love you, perhaps.
“We'd come and visit you every day,” Jin promises.
Alex roars in laughter, reacting the same way every adult would at that thought.
“Oh God,” they say.
rrichmond@postmedia.com
Twitter.com/RandyRatLFPress
HONOLULU (AP) — A former member of congress from Hawaii says he's leaving the Republican Party because of President Donald Trump and the failure of fellow party members to stand up to him.
Charles Djou (duh-JOO') represented Honolulu in the U.S. House from 2010 to 2011.
They wrote in an opinion piece published in Civil Beat on Monday he's disturbed that the Republican Party under Trump has become hostile to immigration.
Djou lamented Trump's desire to launch a trade war, treatment of veterans like Sen. John McCain and recitation of conspiracy theories.
Djou says he's most disappointed by "the failure of the GOP to clearly and consistently condemn Trump's childish behavior." They say this leads to an "implicit ratification by the GOP of Trump's undisciplined, uninformed and unfocused leadership."
The White House didn't immediately comment.
Matariki is the Māori name for the star cluster known as Pleiades. The full name is “Ngā mata a te Ariki Tawhirimātea – the eyes of the God Tawhirimātea”. It is also the name for the Māori New Year celebration.
Find out what's happening at the library for Matariki 2017.
Stars that welcome the New Year
Matariki travels the night skies during the year until the cold months when it disappears from the night sky for about 28 days. When it reappears, it is a signal that the Māori New Year has begun.
Some tribal areas say Puaka (Puanga) – Rigel is the star that brings the New Year as it always rises before Matariki. In Te Waipounamu (the South Island) we celebrate both.
Puaka is the first star to appear of the New Year. When the old people saw Puaka rise on the horizon, they would know in three days Matariki would rise. They would prepare to welcome the New Year and give thanks for the many blessings they had, while remembering those that had gone before them.
What happens at Matariki?
Different tribes celebrate Matariki in different ways. In the past, it was a time to:
Finish storing up food for the winter.
Create new woven clothes and baskets.
Remember our ancestors and listen to old tribal stories.
Learn about the natural world.
Learn to play string games.
Celebrate the coming year.
Make, decorate and fly kites.
Some things we might do now at Matariki include:
Have a celebration with friends and whānau.
Learn or do some weaving.
Learn about stars and see Matariki through a telescope.
Talk to people in our family about our family history and stories.
Fly kites.
Watch kapa haka performances.
Learn about Māori origin stories and culture.
Give respect to the whenua (land) on which we live.
Learn more about how we can care for our Mother Earth Papatūānuku
Discover Matariki stories
There are different stories about Matariki and its origins. The following is one of them that comes from Māori Astronomer Dr Rangi Matamua.
Not all the children of Ranginui (Sky) and Papatūānuku (Earth) supported their parents being separated. Tawhirimātea, the God of Wind had strongly opposed the separation but had been overruled by their siblings. In return Tāwhirimātea waged war against their siblings defeating them all except Tūmātauenga, the God of War. Tū was angry with Tāwhiri for what they had done, so to punish them they tore their eyes out, smashed them and threw them into the sky. They remain there to this day as the star cluster Matariki. Thus, this is why the wind is so changeable as they are stumbling around blind.
Other cultures also have their own stories about these stars.
Now that you have learned a little about Matariki — why don't you take our quiz and see how well you can do!
Matariki traditions
Kites Kites were seen as connectors between heaven and earth, and were often flown at this event, especially on the first day of the New Year. Food and kai Preparing a meal for friends and whanau is traditional at Matariki. Whakapapa We focus on our whakapapa, our family history, during Matariki. Stars and space Matariki is all about watching the stars and learning about them. You can take a trip to the stars with our space explorer! Te Whata Raki Come and discover the new world inside Te Whata Raki. Explore our new online world with your guide, Whetu Marama. Learn about some traditional stories, told through waiata, pictures and other web resources before trying out the quiz. Weaving You can make lots of different things if you learn a little bit about weaving. Learn how to make a star or a putiputi (flower).
Colouring in
Download these colouring in pages.
Te Iwa o Matariki colouring book Te Wānanga o Aotearoa
Photos of Matariki
See our set of Matariki photos on Flickr.
Sony India has appointed Sunil Nayyar as the new Managing Director (MD). Nayyar will be the first Indian to hold this post from coming April 1. The new Indian director will replace Kenichiro Hibi, who has been appointed as the President for Sony Brazil. Nayyar has completed their graduation from Institute of Management Technology (IMT), Ghaziabad. Before promoting to this post, Nayyar had worked as Sales Head of Sony India for 9 years from April 2006 until April 2015.
Sunil Nayyar has been appointed as the new Managing Director (MD) of Sony India. The company's decision will be effective from coming April, 1. Nayyar is the first Indian to be elected as MD by Sony India. Following company's decision, Nayyar in a statement said, “Being one of the most recognised consumer electronics brands, it is an exciting time to lead the company's direction in India. In this time of transition, I look forward to an insight from our stakeholders and help guide in further strengthing Sony's presence in India,” The new Indian director will replace Kenichiro Hibi, who has been appointed as President for Sony Brazil. Hibi was serving as the Managing Director of the Sony India since 2012.
Nayyar has completed their graduation from Institute of Management Technology (IMT), Ghaziabad. Before this, Nayyar had worked as Sales Head of Sony India for 9 years from April 2006 until April 2015. After holding the position of Sales Head for 9 years, Nayyar shifted to North America to head the Retail department, the position they held for 3 years (May 2015-March 2018). Nayyar started off their innings with Sony in 1995. They have also served as the sales team in charge of North and East Africa, Russia, Lebanon, Syria and several other Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) countries.
ALSO READ: Mayawati's advice to BJP: Do self-introspection of failures rather than celebrating UP govt's 1 year in power
Sony's India principal Indian businesses include marketing, sales and after-sales service of computer electronic products and software experts products such as LCD, televisions, video and digital still cameras, notebooks and business projectors, personal audio etc. Sony India has its footprint across all major towns and cities in the country through a distribution network of over 10,400 dealers and distributors, 270 exclusive Sony outlets and 23 direct branch locations. Sony's 19 sales branches cover a total of 450 cities. It has developed a network of 270 Sony Center and established 30 warehouses across the country to manage its supply chain effectively.
ALSO READ: 24-year-old MBBS student Shahnaz Khan becomes the youngest village sarpanch in Rajasthan
ALSO READ: After Syed Ali Geelani quits, Tehreek-e-Hurriyat elects Ashraf Sehrai as interim chairperson
For all the latest Business News, download NewsX App
ISTANBUL — The Islamic State group on Monday claimed responsibility for the New Year's attack at a popular Istanbul nightclub that killed 39 people, including one Canadian, and wounded scores of others.
The IS-linked Aamaq News Agency said the attack was carried out by a “heroic soldier of the caliphate who attacked the most famous nightclub where Christians were celebrating their pagan feast.”
It said the man opened fire from an automatic rifle in “revenge for God's religion and in response to the orders” of IS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi.
The group described Turkey as “the servant of the cross.”
Earlier, Turkish media reports had said that Turkish authorities believed the IS group was behind the attack and that the gunman, who is still at large, comes from a Central Asian nation and is likely to be either from Uzbekistan or Kyrgyzstan.
According to Hurriyet and Karar newspapers, police had also established similarities with the high-casualty suicide bomb and gun attack at Istanbul's Ataturk Airport in June and was investigating whether the same IS cell could have carried out both attacks.
The gunman killed a police officer and another man outside the Reina club in the early hours of 2017 before entering and firing at an estimated 600 people partying inside with an automatic rifle.
Nearly two-thirds of the dead in the upscale club, which is frequented by local celebrities, were foreigners, Turkey's Anadolu Agency said. Many of them hailed from the Middle East.
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau confirmed late Sunday that a Canadian was among those who died in the massacre.
“We mourn with the people of Turkey today and with all countries who lost citizens in this vicious attack,” Trudeau said in a statement.
“We also grieve the senseless loss of a Canadian citizen and remain steadfast in our determination to work with allies and partners to fight terrorism and hold perpetrators to account.”
The mass shooting followed more than 30 violent acts over the past year in Turkey, which is a member of the NATO alliance and a partner in the U.S.-led coalition fighting against the Islamic State group in Syria and Iraq. The country endured multiple bombings in 2016, including three in Istanbul alone that authorities blamed on IS, a failed coup attempt in July and renewed conflict with Kurdish rebels in the southeast.
The Islamic State group claims to have cells in the country. Analysts think it was behind suicide bombings last January and March that targeted tourists on Istanbul's iconic Istiklal Street as well as the attack at Ataturk Airport in June, which killed 45 people.
In December, IS released a video purportedly showing the killing of two Turkish soldiers and urged its supporters to “conquer” Istanbul. Turkey's jets regularly bomb the group in the northern Syrian town of Al-Bab. Turkish authorities have not confirmed the authenticity of the video.
Prime Minister Binali Yildirim said the attacker left a gun at the club and escaped by “taking advantage of the chaos” that ensued. Some customers reportedly jumped into the waters of the Bosporus to escape the attack.
- With file from The Canadian Press
(MRN) Darrell Wallace Junior charged past race leader Austin Cindric eleven laps from the finish and kept their Number-99 M-D-M Motorsports Chevrolet in front the rest of the way on Saturday to claim victory at Michigan International Speedway. Wallace held off a late charge from Christopher Bell, who had the nose of their Kyle Busch Motorsports Toyota briefly in the lead on the final lap before Wallace pulled away for their sixth career win and first since 2014. Their margin of victory over Bell was seventeen one-hundredths of a second. Kyle Busch led a race-high forty-seven laps and swept the first two stages before finishing third overall. Ryan Truex and Cindric completed the top five. Pole winner Matt Crafton led only the first ten laps and finished sixth.
Top 10 Finishers in the LTi Printing 200
DRIVER STARTING POSITION LAPS LED
1. Darrell Wallace Jr. (9) 11
2. Christopher Bell (13) —
3. Kyle Busch (10) 47
4. Ryan Truex (11) —
5. Austin Cindric (R) (8) 24
6. Matt Crafton (Pole) 10
7. Noah Gragson (R) (5) —
8. Grant Enfinger (R) (6) —
9. Chase Briscoe (R) (4) 4
10. Justin Haley (R) (7) 3
Unofficial Point Standings – After 13 Races
DRIVER POINTS BEHIND LEADER
1. Christopher Bell 572 —-
2. Johnny Sauter 535 -37
3. Matt Crafton 510 -62
4. Chase Briscoe (R) 509 -63
5. Ryan Truex 431 -141
6. Ben Rhodes 426 -146
7. Grant Enfinger (R) 412 -160
8. John H. Nemechek 404 -168
9. Noah Gragson (R) 382 -190
10. Austin Cindric (R) 361 -211
SANTA ROSA, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 24, 2018--Jim Murphy & Associates and TLCD Architecture announced today that their collaboration on American AgCredit's new headquarters office building in Santa Rosa has received the “Best of the Best” Award from ENR (Engineering News Record). ENR chooses one winner for each category from across the entire United States “which reaches the pinnacle of design and construction achievement.” Don Tomasi, Principal at TLCD Architecture accepted the award in the Office/Retail/Mixed Use category at a ceremony in New York City on April 5, 2018.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424006287/en/
American AgCredit winner of ENR's “Best of the Best” Award in the Office/Retail/Mixed Use category (Photo: Business Wire)
This unique project from two leaders in Northern California's design and construction industry is the result of a true partnership between client, contractor and architect. Close teamwork was instrumental in completing the project in 18 months and bypassing the typical design-bid-build delivery process. Design and construction took place during a time of active growth and reorganization for the owner. In response, flexible planning modules, use of demountable partitions and an under-floor “plug and play” power system allowed the project to change and adapt to shifting programmatic needs.
The striking 120,000 sf three-story building features two forms that wrap around a central courtyard and are connected by walkways and three pedestrian bridges. The slender building shapes are clad in glass and a custom-tailored zinc shroud, which enables dramatic 360-degree views of Sonoma County's vineyard filled hills. A highly energy-efficient building, the team incorporated unobtrusive sustainable design strategies including displacement ventilation, automatic shading and daylight harvesting. In addition to housing the company's administrative headquarters, pre-planned expansion zones are now home to other agricultural and wine related businesses. A locally owned caterer operates a popular café on the ground floor and is on hand to serve the many social events and business meetings that take place throughout the facility.
Despite the challenging pace of construction to meet the owner's completion date, worker safety took top priority and was emphasized daily and widely to all subcontractors. Because of this constant emphasis by project leadership at Jim Murphy & Associates, the team logged zero lost time accidents, an absolute requirement to qualify for an ENR Best award.
“Our team would like to acknowledge American AgCredit's consistent support for quality at every level of design, construction and technology integration. We are deeply honored to see such a rewarding project achieve this national award,” says Don Tomasi.
About Jim Murphy & Associates
Jim Murphy & Associates (JMA) is a residential and commercial construction company based in Santa Rosa, CA. In business since 1976, JMA specializes in building and remodeling distinctive custom homes and commercial projects including: winery facilities, office buildings, hospitality facilities including resorts, restaurants, industrial buildings, medical and dental offices, and light retail construction. For information, visit the company's website: www.j-m-a.com or call 707.576.7337.
About TLCD Architecture
Located in the San Francisco North Bay region, TLCD Architecture (TLCD) has designed memorable architecture and interior environments for over 50 years. TLCD has earned a reputation for design excellence and is responsible for many of the North Bay's most important architectural projects. For information, visit the company's website: www.tlcd.com or call 707.525.5600.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424006287/en/
CONTACT: TLCD Architecture
Marina Starkey, 707-535-5290
marina.starkey@tlcd.com
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA CALIFORNIA NEW YORK
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: BUILDING SYSTEMS ARCHITECTURE INTERIOR DESIGN CONSTRUCTION & PROPERTY COMMERCIAL BUILDING & REAL ESTATE RESIDENTIAL BUILDING & REAL ESTATE
SOURCE: TLCD Architecture
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/24/2018 01:10 PM/DISC: 04/24/2018 01:11 PM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424006287/en
While farmers are often reminded to plan for the succession of their farm, they may be less likely to think about their own retirement.
To farmers, the word “retirement” can sound like quitting, or putting themselves out to pasture when their real passion is to work until they die. For others, retirement may seem like an unobtainable goal due to current financial issues.
In reality, retirement is a phase of life for most Americans — and how you want to spend it is determined long before you reach your senior years. This week, we will focus on the basic considerations of the retired life.
1Your home
Where will you live? Changing your housing or moving to a different part of the state or country could increase or decrease your cost of living substantially. Even if you plan to stay in your current house, some of your costs will still change.
If you spend more time at home, your heating and electrical bills will likely increase. You also need to think about the long-term care and replacement of your appliances, including your furnace, and any structural repair or roofing you may need.
2
Transportation
Be aware of how much you spend on transportation now, and how much those charges might increase over time. Will you keep your own car or truck, rely on public transportation or use a combination of both? If you keep your own vehicle, think about repairs, licensing and depreciation.
3Food
Will you dine out more often in retirement, or entertain friends and family more often? How much do you pay a year for lunches or other meals from restaurants? Remember that food costs, especially at restaurants, usually increase with time.
4Personal care
You'll need to update your clothing from time to time, including coats, shoes and everything else. You'll also need to buy personal hygiene products, cleaning and household care products.
5Health expenses
You can sign up for Medicare, but you may also want to buy insurance to supplement the things Medicare doesn't cover. You also need to remember that you may be responsible for co-payments, deductibles and other out-of-pocket medical expenses.
Also, the more we age, typically the more medical services we need, so you may be using the doctor's office or hospital more in retirement than you do today.
6Hobbies
What will you do to pass the time during retirement? Will you read, attend community events, or go shopping? Plan ahead so you will have plenty of discretional income.
7Recreation and travel
Are there places you want to see or activities you want to do, like fishing, hunting, tractor shows or something else? It's a good idea to think about those costs so you can have an enjoyable time and stay active in retirement.
Next week: Save and prepare for retirement.
Sources: Purdue University Extension, Financial Planning for Retirement Workbook.
(Farm and Dairy is featuring a series of “101” columns throughout the year to help young and beginning farmers master farm living. From finances to management to machinery repair and animal care, farmers do it all.)
More Farming 101 columns:
By MARTHA WAGGONER
Associated Press
RALEIGH, N.C. (AP) - Because they can't pay $228 in traffic fines, Seti Johnson faces revocation of their North Carolina's driver's license, which means they won't be able to drive to the job they hope to get soon. For Sharee Smoot, the amount keeping them off the road is $648.
In a federal lawsuit filed Wednesday, attorneys for the two say North Carolina's practice of revoking drivers' licenses of people who can't pay their traffic fines and court costs is unconstitutional because it violates the rights to due process and equal protection under the 14th amendment.
"This revocation scheme disproportionately punishes impoverished residents in violation of federal law, taking away crucial means of self-sufficiency and further pushing them into poverty," the motion for a preliminary injunction states.
The lawsuit was filed by the American Civil Liberties Union, the Southern Poverty Law Center and the Southern Coalition for Social Justice. Torre Jessup, commissioner of the state Division of Motor Vehicles, is named as the defendant.
North Carolina law requires automatic revocation of licenses for nonpayment of a traffic ticket 40 days after a court judgment. The groups are suing because the law doesn't require a hearing to make sure the driver can pay the fine and court costs.
The statements by Smoot and Johnson describe a cycle of fines and attempts to catch up on their debts as they try to hold on to their jobs and support their families.
Last year, Johnson said they paid more than $700 in fines, court costs and late fees on previous tickets. Their driver's license was reinstated, but they fell behind on rent payments and had to move in with their mother.
But before they paid the $700, they were issued another ticket for not paying. They were convicted in April of a lesser crime - failure to notify the Division of Motor Vehicles of an address change - and sentenced to pay a $100 fine and $208 in court costs. They paid $100 that day, but was charged an additional $20 for an installment plan and set-up fee even though the bill says the entire amount is due within 40 days.
They said they doubt he'll be able to pay the remaining debt within 60 days of May 22, as he's required to do to keep their license.
"I value taking care of my responsibilities," they write . "But that is hard to do when I am required to pay hundreds of dollars in fines and court costs and my driver's license is revoked when I do not have the money to pay. ... No one should have to live with the burden of their license revoked because they cannot pay off their traffic tickets."
Smoot writes that they were making $9 an hour while working at a group home when was sentenced to pay $308 for driving while their license was revoked in 2016. They were assessed a $50 late fee for not paying within 40 days.
They and their 9-year-old daughter moved in with their grandmother in 2017 to save money. Smoot said they stopped attending school part-time at the University of North Carolina Charlotte because they couldn't afford it.
In 2017, they were issued another ticket for driving while their license was revoked and ordered to pay $235. That grew to $285 with a late fee; an order for their arrest was issued for not paying the fines, and they were charged a $5 arrest fee.
They said their car was repossessed, and they lost their job because they didn't have transportation to work.
"I have been forced to make the difficult choice of staying home, losing my job and not being able to take care of necessities for me, my daughter, and my grandmother, whose I also pay, or continuing to drive illegally and risk more punishment," they write.
A spokesperson for the state Transportation Department, which oversees the state Division of Motor Vehicles, said Wednesday that officials are reviewing the lawsuit.
___
Follow Martha Waggoner on Twitter at http://twitter.com/mjwaggonernc .
___
This story has been corrected to show an order was issued for Smoot's arrest instead that they were arrested
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Ben Kennedy will be behind the wheel of a NASCAR XFINITY car more than they originally thought when the season began, as the Daytona Beach, Fla., native and GMS Racing announced a multi-race partnership for the 2017 season Monday (April 17).
Kennedy will pilot the No. 96 Chevrolet Camaro for 12 races this season, per a team release. They will be a teammate to Spencer Gallagher, who has the best finish of 14th this season coming at Auto Club Speedway in the No. 23 car.
Kennedy was already scheduled to compete in nine races for Richard Childress Racing in the No. 2 Chevrolet this season on a part-time schedule. The announcement puts their NXS workload at 21 races for the season, barring any other changes.
They shared their excitement with their fans on Twitter.
Going to be a busy year in the @NASCAR_XFINITY Series! Can't wait to team back up with my friends at @GMSRacingLLC for 12 events in the 96! pic.twitter.com/T8PTe7ZMRY — Ben Kennedy (@BenKennedy33) April 17, 2017
“I am really excited to be competing with GMS Racing in the XFINITY Series,” the 25-year old Kennedy said. “The conversation to get me in the second car has been ongoing since the end of last season. Everyone that works at GMS is so dedicated to the team. There's a sense of family at the shop and at the track so I'm glad everything has finally lined up. GMS has shown speed this year in both series and I know that they will give me the necessary tools to run up front.”
The first race for the great-grandson of NASCAR founder Bill France Sr. will take place at Charlotte Motor Speedway next month in the Hisense 4K TV 300 on May 27 at 1 p.m. ET. They will make their RCR debut at Talladega Superspeedway on May 6 for the Sparks Energy 300.
In one career NXS race, Kennedy started sixth and finished 10th at Iowa Speedway in 2016 for RCR.
For the 12 races in 2017, Kennedy will have a familiar voice in their ear on top of the pit box in Jeff Stankiewicz. Last season at Kansas Speedway, Stankiewicz guided Kennedy to a top-10 finish. In their only other start together last season in the NASCAR Camping World Truck Series, Kennedy started third and finished 14th at Charlotte.
Kennedy also has one career win in 73 Truck Series starts, coming last season at Bristol Motor Speedway, which propelled their No. 33 GMS team into the playoffs. They have 26 career top-10 finishes in their NCWTS career.
“We couldn't be more excited to have Ben fill our second car,” Mike Beam, GMS Racing director of competition, said. “This is a huge step for our XFINITY Series program and I look forward to watching Ben learn and grow as a driver through it.”
PROVIDENCE, R.I. (AP) — School officials in Rhode Island say a teenager has been arrested for shooting the window of an elementary school bus with a pellet gun.
WPRO-AM reports that the shooting happened Monday afternoon in North Kingstown.
Superintendent Philip Auger says no one was injured, but some children were hit with safety glass from the broken window.
Auger emailed parents Monday night to say the person responsible was arrested.
They say the bus was bringing students home from Fishing Cove Elementary School.
After the shooting, the bus driver pulled away, checked on the students and called police. Students were taken home on another bus.
Auger says the school department is cooperating with police.
___
Information from: WPRO-AM, http://www.630wpro.com/
"Black holes of inattention" lead to stark gender disparities in the Texas prison system, according to a new report.
Men serving prison sentences in Texas can earn up to a master's degree behind bars, but the educational glass ceiling for women incarcerated by the Texas Department of Criminal Justice remains an associate's degree plan.
The same gulf exists between job certification programs offered to men and women in Texas prisons, according to a new report by the Texas Criminal Justice Coalition. Men, who can choose from a list of 21 professions, have the option of walking out of prison a certified welder, cabinetmaker or computer technologist. Incarcerated women only get two career options: “office administration” and “culinary arts/hospitality management.”
Lindsey Linder, a policy attorney with the criminal justice group, said the disparity shows how a male-dominated criminal justice system ignores the needs of incarcerated women, who just so happen to be the country's fastest-growing population behind bars. As I've written before, even as Texas has closed prisons and reduced the overall inmate population in recent years, the state prison system actually grew by more than 500 women between 2009 and 2016; during that same time, Texas prisons shed about 8,500 men, who comprise 91 percent of the state inmate population.
Linder said they encountered several “black holes of inattention” in their research into prison conditions for Texas women, which included a detailed survey of more than 400 women incarcerated in the state. “It's clear that in so many areas of the system, we just haven't thought at all about women,” Linder told the Observer.
For instance, more than half of the women who responded to Linder's survey said they don't always have access to tampons and menstrual pads when they need them. Linder even conducted a “blue ink” test to show how much worse the prison-issued feminine hygiene fare compared to popular store-bought brands. While more than 10,000 of the 12,500 women imprisoned in Texas have children waiting for them at home, Linder says the majority of women who responded to their survey rarely if ever saw their children while in lockup. In addition to limited job certification and college degree programs, incarcerated women also have access to fewer technical education courses and rehab programs compared to men, according to Linder's research.
“It's clear that in so many areas of the system, we just haven't thought at all about women.”
A spokesperson for the Texas Department of Criminal Justice wouldn't comment on Linder's findings this week.
Beyond giving incarcerated women equal access to job and educational opportunities, Linder is also urging Texas officials to invest in other programs that address the kind of trauma women experience before entering lockup. The majority of women who responded to their survey reported being abused by an intimate partner. More than half of them reported having been sexually assaulted as children, while a quarter said they traded sex for food and shelter before prison.
“There are significant issues facing women who are incarcerated in Texas prisons and jails,” Linder said. “Not only are these women unsupported by the current system, but they are continually being re-victimized by policies and practices that fail to account for their needs.”
The International Olympic Committee (IOC) will stay "politically neutral" towards North Korea's involvement at the 2020 Olympic Games in Tokyo, Coordination Commission chairperson John Coates claimed today.
Last month, North Korean leader Kim Jong-un reportedly committed to their country participating at Tokyo 2020 and Beijing 2022 during a meeting with IOC President Thomas Bach in Pyongyang.
Bach undertook a three-day visit as they sought to capitalise in the cooling of regional tensions prompted in part by North Korea's participation at February's Winter Olympics in Pyeongchang.
North Korean citizens are currently banned from entering Japan.
Relations between the two countries are currently severely strained.
This is caused by North Korea's nuclear programme under Kim and also lingering tension over abductions of Japanese citizens by agents of the North Korean Government which occurred during a period of six years from 1977 to 1983.
Speaking at a news conference in Tokyo to mark the end of a two-day visit to inspect preparations for the 2020 Olympics, Coates insisted the IOC will not try to force the Government to accept non-sporting visitors.
"We are keen to see sport be available to people in North Korea, to assist in the development of sport there, but in all of this the IOC's position is one of political neutrality and will remain that," they were reported as saying by The Japan Times.
"Under the Olympic Charter, there is an obligation on a host Government to allow free access to all delegations, athletes and their officials who are accredited for the Games.
"That's not to say, though, that a host Government does not have control over who it wants to invite in terms of political leaders."
IOC President Thomas Bach, left, met with North Korea's Supreme Leader Kim Jong-un in Pyongyang last month ©Getty Images
Earlier this month, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzō Abe delivered cautious support for North Korea's participation at Tokyo 2020 following a phone conversation with Bach.
Abe reiterated their commitment to work closely alongside the IOC, a statement on the Japanese Ministry of Foreign Affairs website said, to ensure the success of Tokyo 2020.
According to Japanese reports, however, Abe also said that they must pay attention to the feelings of citizens over North Korea because of the "abduction issue".
A total of 17 Japanese citizens are officially recognised by the country's Government as having been abducted by agents of the North Korean Government.
It is suspected that the actual number of victims is far higher, possibly numbering in the hundreds.
Tokyo 2020 President Yoshirō Mori has also suggested a cautious approach.
"I obviously read about particular issues for Japanese of North Koreans participating here," Coates added.
"I personally understand the terrible pain…those who were taken away and the families who were left behind experienced.
"I also am trying to understand the burden that your Prime Minister so obviously feels about this.
"But they're all matters that he's doing on a political level and not something that the IOC will or should become involved in."
A total of 22 athletes from North Korea competed at Pyeongchang 2018 after an IOC-led four party meeting in Lausanne on January 20, which also involved South Korea and Games organisers.
This included a single women's ice hockey team as well as a joint Korean march under the unified flag at the Opening Ceremony.
Bach insisted that political neutrality was the secret of the IOC's success in encouraging North Korean participation at Pyeongchang 2018.
They added that it is "naïve" and "unrealistic" to believe the Olympic Games can ignore wider political developments but claimed this could be done while remaining strictly neutral.
A North Korean team has participated at every addition of the Summer Olympics since they boycotted Seoul 1988.
They missed the Lillehammer 1994, Salt Lake City 2002 and Sochi 2014 Winter editions, however, due to not qualifying any athletes.
The IOC's Olympic Games executive director Christophe Dubi, left, claims International Federations "would very much like to contribute to resolving issues" surrounding preparations for Tokyo 2020 ©Getty Images
Coates today described Tokyo 2020's preparations as "very good", despite warning yesterday the Organising Committee risks losing the confidence of key stakeholders in its ability to host the Games if questions raised are not answered.
The Australian told organisers to expect more questions from International Federations (IFs) and National Olympic Committees in the build-up to the Games in two years' time after World Sailing led criticism of preparations for Tokyo 2020 at last week's SportAccord Summit in Bangkok.
World Sailing claimed Japanese organisers were one year behind schedule during the Association of Summer Olympic International Federations General Assembly in the Thai capital.
Around 10 world governing body representatives raised concerns with different aspects of progress during the meeting.
Christophe Dubi, the IOC's Olympic Games executive director, claimed International Federations "would very much like to contribute to resolving issues".
"They feel they can really bring something." they were reported as saying at today's news conference by The Japan Times.
"So the relationship with the sport managers is incredibly important to efficiently resolve problems when they surface.
"They want to contribute and they want fast resolution of issues.
"This is definitely something that Tokyo 2020 embraced.
"So we are going in the right direction."
'); StatBanner('btw', bl); } else { show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); } } } function mailru_ads(data, el) { if(data && data.length > 0) { var ban_location = $(el).attr("ntv-loc"); var bl = parseInt(ban_location); if(bl == 3 && typeof b240_callback !== 'undefined') { try { window[b240_callback](); } catch(e) {} } StatBanner('all', bl); } } if(_adsPreview == 1) { $(".mrg-tag").each(function(idx, value) { var el = $(this); var bl = parseInt(el.attr("ntv-loc")); //console.log("bl="+bl); var wrapperElement = this.parentNode; try{ wrapperElement.removeChild(this); } catch(e){} show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); }); } else { (MRGtag = window.MRGtag || []).push({ onNoAds:function(resp) { mailru_noAds(resp); }, onAdsLoaded: function(data, el){ mailru_ads(data, el); }, iframeMode: false }); } function StatBanner(type, place) { if (type == 'all') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_showed" }); } if (type == 'noAds') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_mailru_error" }); } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_top" }); try { reachGoal('banner_error_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_ntv_showed" }); } if (type == 'btw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_showed" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_showed'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'nobtw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_error" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_error'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4_ntv" }); } } $(function() { var o = document.createElement('vid' + 'eo'); if(isFInst && (!o || !o.canPlayType || !o.canPlayType('video/mp4; codecs="avc1.640029, mp4a.40.2"'))) { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "html5_media_support" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('html5_media_support'); } catch (e) {} } }); // -->
Photo
WASHINGTON — Transgender people will be allowed to enlist in the military beginning Jan. 1, Defense Department officials said on Monday, a move that pauses President Trump's effort to bar transgender troops.
A federal judge declined to halt an October order pausing the ban, pending further legal review. The judge, Colleen Kollar-Kotelly of the Federal District Court in Washington, said in a ruling on Monday that the ban likely violates constitutional rights to due process and equal protection.
They rejected the Trump administration's argument that it needs more time to prepare to process new transgender recruits for military service.
“The court is not persuaded that defendants will be irreparably injured by allowing the accession of transgender individuals into the military beginning on Jan. 1, 2018,” they wrote.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
A White House official said the administration was reviewing its legal options. A Defense Department official said its move was partly a result of a barrage of lawsuits filed after Mr. Trump announced that they were barring transgender people from serving in the military.
Friday marked the 100th day of public school for this academic year, and Coahoma Elementary School faculty and students celebrated the event by dressing in costume. Many students and staff dressed up as centenarians. Pictured from the left are faculty members Candice Bell, assistant vice principal Shawna Dobbs, Tricia Clanton, principal Alison Alvarez and Brynn McJimsey.
There are two lines of thoughts among MPs as to the motivation behind the Shapps plot. Is it is an attempt by Remainers to disrupt Brexit and install a pro-Remain PM? It is true that some arch-Remainers are on manoeuvres – Guido understands Anna Soubry texted the Chief Whip Gavin Williamson calling on May to go. Yet most Tories don't think it is a Remain/Leave issue and instead blame disgruntled former ministers who have one thing in common: they lost their jobs. Shapps and Vaizey case in point. Soubry more privately vocal…
If Shapps had anything close to 48 names they would have gone to Graham Brady in the knowledge that the 1922 Committee chairperson would tip May off that the threshold was approaching so they could go with dignity. Which means they are likely well short. Shapps has always been self-mythologising and is seen by many as deluded – three weeks ago they said they wanted to be PM himself. Ministers are asking how many names on their list are their own? It could snowball and get to 48 names, though if the whips did leak it to The Times, it's only because they think sunlight will kill it…
The 1905 All Blacks team (The Originals) which toured Great Britain is legendary. The men who made up the team represented a newly emerging sense of national identity.
This page looks at the five players from Canterbury who were selected. Four of them went on tour.
1905 All Blacks facts
Games played in Great Britain, France and America.
The team played 35 games. They won 34, and lost one.
They scored 243 tries and 976 points.
The captain was Dave Gallaher. They later died in France during World War One.
The vice–captain was Bill Stead, and the manager was George Dixon.
Players were amateurs and generally smaller in size than today's player.
The 1905 team was away from home for nine months. They sailed from Wellington to Europe on the Rimutaka .
. The team performed the Ka Mate haka before some of their games.
Kelley, E, fl 1905. All Black rugby team that toured the United Kingdom in 1905-6.
Making New Zealand : Negatives and prints from the Making New Zealand Centennial collection.
Ref: MNZ-1035-1/4-F. Alexander Turnbull Library, Wellington, New Zealand.
http://natlib.govt.nz/records/23186793
The Canterbury players
Eric Tristram Harper, 27 – ‘The outsider'
(pictured first left in middle row of team photo)
A lawyer by profession, Eric was a Catholic grandchild of Christchurch's first Anglican bishop. Their sporting interests outside rugby included hurdling, cricket and mountaineering. Known as ‘Aristocratic Eric', Harper was a wealthy man. Their wealth, status and the fact that they were the only professional man in the team, meant that they were always something of an outsider. On formal occasions they dressed in a full dinner suit while other players wore normal suits. On tour Harper seems to have been out of favour with the selectors. They played only three of the first 13 games, scoring tries in two of them. They failed to gain a place in any test in Great Britain. Eventually having played in 10 games, Harper, who could fund their own way, decided to come home via Suez, while the rest of the team travelled via the United States for some extra games. They played no more top–class rugby but was involved in administration.
By World War I, Eric Harper was middle–aged, married with children and living at 8 Kilmore Street West in Christchurch. They enlisted, sailing for Suez on the Moeraki in May 1917. By April 1918 they were a Sergeant–Major in the Canterbury Mounted Rifles. At Jerusalem, their unit came under Turkish artillery bombardment and they were killed while trying to quiet the horses.
Patrick ‘Pete' Harvey, 24 – ‘The unlucky one'
Patrick Harvey was selected for the team but unable to tour. Born in 1880, Patrick Harvey taught at the Sumner School for the Deaf.
They played in the 1904 test against Great Britain. When the Department of Education said it could not spare them for the 1905 tour, the Prime Minister of the day, Richard John Seddon, made the final decision that they remain in New Zealand.
Bob Deans, 21 – ‘The star'
(pictured far right on front row of team photo)
Bob Deans' obituary
There is a story that each Monday, the prosperous All Blacks – Harper, Deans, Jimmy Hunter and, perhaps, others – contributed two pounds into a fund for those men who needed the cash.
Bob Deans played in 19 of the Great Britain games, including the four tests and scored 18 tries. The game with which their name will forever be linked took place in front of 40,000 people at Cardiff Arms Park on 16 December 1905. The team had been on tour for 3 months, tiredness had crept in and some carried injuries. The Welsh crowd was passionate and vocal. After 23 minutes, Welshman Teddy Morgan scored.
In the second half, Wallace gathered the ball in a charge down and sped down the field with Deans on their flank. Deans' called out to Wallace Bill, Bill and Wallace threw a long pass. Deans gathered the ball in, altered their run to take the shortest route and, as Teddy Morgan tackled him, dived for the line. The crowd was silent, evidence that it believed that Deans had scored.
According to Wallace, Deans was pulled back by the Welsh. As they got up, the Welsh half put the ball six inches in front of the line. When the referee, John Dallas, 27, a Scot, arrived, they awarded a five–yard scrum. The match ended Wales 3 – New Zealand 0.
Deans, not the man to put up with what they saw as an injustice, promptly sent a telegram to the Daily Mail: Grounded the ball six inches over line. Some of Welsh players admit try. Hunter and Glasgow can confirm was pulled back by Welshman before referee arrived.
Bob Deans died at Homebush on 30 September 1908 after developing pneumonia following an appendicitis operation. They were buried with their father in the central portion of the Addington Cemetery.
NZ Truth 10 October, 1908, page 3 reported " they were chivalrous to a degree … they played the game and loved it for the honest recreation of a manly sport. To the thousands who knew them only by sight and reputation, they were popular; to those who knew him, they were an ideal; and under all circumstances, they were … a gentleman. The baby of the team at 21, Robert ‘Bob' Deans was the grandson of the pioneering Deans family and heir to prime city and rural real estate. They were an outstanding sportsman as well as Head boy at Christchurch Boys' High School. Deans worked on family farms at Riccarton and Homebush. They had strong religious beliefs and neither smoked nor consumed alcohol. Bob was six feet tall (1.82 m) and weighed 13 stone four pounds (84.36 kg) and was described as splendid figure of colonial youth .
Frederick Newton, 24 – ‘The railwayman'
(pictured fourth from left in the back row of team photo)
Christchurch born Frederick Newton was a railway worker. The heaviest of the forwards, they were christened ‘Fatty' by their teammates. Fred Newton played in 16 games, including tests in England, Wales and France. In the game at Crystal Palace on 2 December, they scored a try after a fellow team member grasped the ball from an English back's foot whilst they were in the act of kicking. After the tour Newton was transferred to Westport, where, among minnows, they ended their sporting career.
On Saturday 20 August 1955, before kickoff at the New Zealand–Australia test at Athletic Park, Fred Newton was one of the eight survivors from 1905 who was led onto Athletic Park and introduced to the crowd.
They died in Christchurch in December 1955 and their ashes were scattered at Lancaster Park.
George Arthur Gillett, 28 – ‘The insider'
(pictured third from right in the middle row of team photo)
Born in Leeston in 1877, George Arthur Gillett was a tramway worker who played at fullback and wing forward. A Boer War veteran, they were an Auckland rugby representative both before and after that war. They impressed on a fundraising three match tours of Australia and this led to their selection for the tour of Britain.
George Gillett played in 25 games including the four tests in Great Britain. They scored one try and one goal from a mark. They also had six conversions to their credit. On tour they played in the shadow of Billy Wallace who scored 23 tries, 70 conversions, 3 penalty goals and two dropped goals.
Gillett stuck doggedly to top–level rugby, representing New Zealand in two of the three tests in Australia in 1907 and against an Anglo–Welsh team in 1908. When that Anglo–Welsh team prepared to leave the Auckland wharfside, a British player Percy Down, leaned out too far to farewell friends. There was a cry of Man overboard and George was one of those who dived into the water and supported the player until a rope was lowered from the ship.
While in England, Gillett had observed the northerners playing rugby league. On their return, they were tempted to change codes. In 1908 they toured Australia with a New Zealand rugby league team and then Britain with an Australasian side. Later they were an organiser, helping to promote the game in New Zealand.
George Gillett, the last of the Canterbury Originals, did not face the southerly wind at Athletic Park with their surviving teammates in 1955. They died at Onehunga in 1956.
Canterbury plays together
The only time the four Canterbury men played together on the tour was on 15 November 1905 at Bedford. It was a day of rain and hail and the All Blacks were dispirited by the fact that the Bedford side was stacked with outside players, including Irish international Basil Maclear. An English journalist commented they wound up the second half with quite the most bewildering as well as brilliant bouts of passing they have ever given . On one occasion, 14 pairs of hands were involved in short passing, with Harper, the last to receive the ball, being knocked into touch close to the corner flag. Some in the crowd realising the All Blacks had reached 599 points scored on tour, shouted Make it 600 boys . The team obliged with a 41–0 score including a try from Deans and two conversions and a goal from a mark by Gillett.
Members of the 1905 All Black rugby union football team gather at Athletic Park, Wellington. 1955.
Negatives of the Evening Post newspaper. Ref: EP/1955/1808-F.
Alexander Turnbull Library, Wellington, New Zealand.
http://natlib.govt.nz/records/23148540
Sources
Recommended resources
MADRID (AP) — Police say they were called to investigate an altercation involving Diego Maradona and a woman at a hotel in Madrid.
Authorities said officers were dispatched Wednesday after a call from the hotel, but found no evidence of any disturbance after talking to Maradona and the woman.
Authorities said they couldn't confirm if the woman was a hotel guest or Maradona's girlfriend.
Spanish media on Tuesday released a video of Maradona threatening a reporter who tried to talk to them at the hotel in Madrid.
Maradona is in the Spanish capital to watch former club Napoli play Real Madrid in the Champions League.
General Motors Co. joined a growing group of automakers promising an emissions-free future for cars by pledging to sell 20 all-electric vehicles by 2023.
The largest U.S. automaker, which generates most of its profit with large sport utility vehicles and pickup trucks, plans to have a lineup of both battery-powered cars and hydrogen fuel-cell autos, which also run on electricity. Two new EVs will debut in the next 18 months to follow the Chevrolet Bolt that's been on sale for less than a year.
“GM believes the future is all electric, a world free of automotive emissions,” Mark Reuss, executive vice president of global product development, said on Oct. 2 at the company's technical center north of Detroit. “It's real.”
The planned lineup demonstrates GM is doubling down on electrification despite the Bolt's slow start in U.S. showrooms and companies' inability thus far to profitably sell EVs. The automaker has delivered fewer than 12,000 units of the battery-powered Bolt, which goes about 238 miles between charges. Deliveries have primarily been concentrated thus far in California, which mandates sales of emissions-less vehicles.
Carmakers are rushing to develop electric technology to meet tougher regulations around the globe. Almost 50 new pure electric-car models will come to market globally between now and 2022, including vehicles from Daimler AG and Volkswagen AG. Even British inventor James Dyson, known for their vacuums and fans, is getting into the game, announcing last week that he's investing two billion pounds (US$2.7 billion) to develop an electric car.
China EVs
China, GM's largest market globally, is moving to cap carbon emissions by 2030, which means automakers will need battery-powered vehicles for the market. Under the country's cap-and-trade policy, automakers must obtain a new-energy vehicle score -- linked to the production of various types of zero- and low-emission vehicles -- of at least 10% starting in 2019, rising to 12% in 2020, the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology said last week.
GM Chief Executive Officer Mary Barra said last month that GM would have 10 new-energy vehicles in China by 2020. Some of those will be electric cars and others will be plug-in hybrids that still burn gasoline but gain efficiency by being paired with an electric motor.
Reuss said that GM's electric vehicle program will be profitable. During the company's first-quarter earnings call, Barra said GM's lithium-ion batteries cost about $145 per kilowatt hour to produce and that the automaker is targeting less than $100.
Batteries are getting cheaper and lighter, Reuss said. Reducing weight is vital because it means the electric drive system doesn't have to work as hard. That, in turn, reduces cost as the battery system doesn't require as much power.
Flipping Switch
Despite GM's commitment, Reuss said it's impossible to predict when all new vehicles will have an electric drive in any market. The technology has to improve, the world needs more charging stations and consumers have to accept them, they said.
“This is more than building electric vehicles,” Reuss said. “You can't just flip a switch and make the world go electric.”
GM showed several concept cars on Oct. 2. The three vehicles for consumers were crossovers for the Buick and Cadillac brands and a model that could be a future version of the Chevrolet Bolt.
The company also showed a large truck concept that uses a fuel cell to generate electricity on board and power two electric motors. The platform, called Silent Utility Rover Universal Superstructure, or SURUS, could be used to build delivery vehicles or ambulances.
The military has been working with GM on its fuel cell platform, which is jointly developed along with Honda Motor Co.
By David Welch
HOT ROD Power Tour 2017 Is Presented By Chevrolet Performance and Driven By Continental Tire
If you have been anywhere near the Power Tour in the last 10 years, you've seen the Mothers 1959 Biscayne Wagon both cruising on the route and parked at the venue under the pop-up in front of the Mothers Polishes trailer.
This year, something was different. Troy Trepanier added some of their special touches to the car and we noticed. Under the hood, there is a 650hp Lingenfelter LS3 with a Magnuson supercharger and Trepanier's signature combination of bright and brushed nickel accents against black. On the body, there is a Glasurit custom red with hand-applied gold leaf lettering that also carries the nickel combination as well as a revised stance. This is really something you have to see in person, these photos can't do it justice. The car will be at Gateway Motorsports Park on June 14, and Lucas Oil Raceway on June 15, and in Bowling Green on June 16.
Frequently asked Questions: http://www.hotrod.com/articles/hot-rod-power-tour-2017-faq/
Driving Directions: http://www.hotrod.com/articles/2017-hot-rod-power-tour-route-download/
Main Event Page: http://www.hotrod.com/events/power-tour/
For More Coverage, follow us on Facebook and Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/hotrodmagazine/?hl=en https://www.facebook.com/hotrodmag/
Unsplash
Ah, the Fourth of July! A time that should be spent with friends and family in the backyard, grilling meats and playing in the pool. Or on the beach, watching fireworks explode across the night sky. Or in the ER, after an illegal Roman Candle that you bought in Indiana takes the tip of your thumb off.
It was just your dominant hand though. You'll be fine.
Fourth of July is about knocking back cold ones and eating ice cream at parades. It's a day you dress up in red, white, and blue and try to steal the Declaration of Independence, Nic Cage style. Most of all, it's a day to celebrate our great nation's freedom. Like isn't it great that we have free speech? Like that any total f*cking idiot can tweet whatever sexist, reckless, or insanely insecure thing they want and not lose their job? We're pretty lucky that way, as a nation.
Not-so-subtle jokes aside, this nation is a wonderful place and on July 4th I celebrate all of the things that make it great (while keeping up the fight against the portion of the population who wants to Handmaid's Tale us). We are, at the end of the day, a nation that values inclusivity, diversity, freedom of religion, the freedom of the press, and the power of people to enact real change in the world. So let's rally around those qualities while eating BBQ.
At this time in American history, when nuanced conversation is vital, it's worth noting that there are superb grilling choices and THERE ARE UNARGUABLY WRONG ONES. Luckily, you have us to tell you which is which, in this July 4th, Cookout Foods Power Ranking!
Our ranking system today will be “The handsome dummy who thinks they know how to grill, but is actually just serving everyone wet, cold, raw meat”
LOS ANGELES (AP) — Jimmy Kimmel held their baby son as they returned to their late-night son from a week off for the boy's heart surgery.
Kimmel was crying from the first moment of their monologue Monday night as they pleaded with Congress to restore and improve children's health coverage, a cause they have championed since their son Billy was born with a heart defect in April.
Billy needed one surgery just after their birth and had a follow-up operation last week.
Kimmel kept up their ardent advocacy Monday night, urging Congress to restore the Children's Health Insurance Program, which has been left unfunded and stuck in a political stalemate since September.
Kimmel said it's "disgusting" that Congress is putting tax cuts for millionaires ahead of the lives of children.
One more step ....
We've sent a confirmation to your email address — please click the activate button. Then access is all yours!
If you can't see the activation email in your inbox, check your junk mail folder. If you haven't received an activation email within 30 minutes please contact support@crikey.com.au and we'll help you out.
Kia ora. To encourage the use of Te Reo Māori Te Taura Whiri i Te Reo Māori - The Māori Language Commission publish weekly Māori phrases that can be used to support or cheer someone on.
Tangohia!
Take it!
Kōrerorero mai - Join the conversation
TOKYO (AP) — The $3.3 billion acquisition by SoftBank Group Corp., the Japanese telecommunications, internet and solar energy giant, of Fortress Investment Group marks tycoon Masayoshi Son's latest step in building a technology investment empire.
Son said the deal, announced by both sides Wednesday, will immediately contribute to their strategy for growth and complement their Softbank Vision Fund plan for investing in leading technologies including artificial intelligence and the "internet of Things," which links devices through the Internet.
"Fortress' excellent track record speaks for itself, and we look forward to benefiting from its leadership, broad-based expertise and world-class investment platform," Son said in a statement.
Tokyo-based Softbank has been aggressive in global acquisitions and has been seeking partners for the billion private fund for technology investments that it says may grow to $100 billion.
Its shares jumped 1.6 percent Wednesday in Tokyo trading.
Those ambitions dovetail with Son's promise to President Donald Trump to invest $50 billion in U.S. startups to create 50,000 jobs.
Softbank also owns the U.S. wireless company Sprint Corp. and Britain's ARM Holdings, which is known as an innovator in the "internet of things," and in technology used in smartphones.
New York-based Fortress, which manages global investments, said its senior professionals will stay to keep up its fund performance.
Fortress co-chairpeople Pete Briger and Wes Edens praised Son as "visionary." They said the companies have much in common, and the deal will benefit shareholders.
"We join a company with tremendous scale and resources, and a culture completely aligned with our focus on performance, service and innovation," they said in a joint statement.
SoftBank, the first carrier to offer the iPhone in Japan, also sells the Pepper human-shaped companion robot. The company, founded in 1981, has within its investment empire financial technology and ride-booking services.
Last week, the company reported its October-December profit soared to about 40 times what it was a year ago.
___
Follow Yuri Kageyama on Twitter at https://twitter.com/yurikageyama
Them work can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/content/yuri-kageyama
CARSON, Calif. — Ryan Hollingshead had a goal and an assist, helping FC Dallas beat the Los Angeles Galaxy 3-2 on Wednesday night.
Dallas (6-1-5) is unbeaten in its last six games against Los Angeles (5-7-1).
FC Dallas scored two goals seven minutes apart in the first half. Mauro Díaz sent a pass along the top of the 18-yard box and Ryan Hollingshead curled it inside the post in the 33rd minute. It was Díaz's seventh assist of the year. In the 40th minute, Hollingshead passed it across goal to find Cristian Colman at the far post for a bouncing header.
Carlos Gruezo added a breakaway goal in the 66th for a 3-0 lead.
Michael Jackson's youngest son, 15-year-old Blanket Jackson, is the subject of some concerning rumors. The New York Post's Page Six claims they are basically living alone in a seven-bed, 11-bath California mansion without a guardian. According to an anonymous source, the Post writes, “there's no one to make sure he's even eating right. If you call a bowl of cereal or a Snickers bar a meal, then I guess he's OK.”
Blanket's 86-year-old grandmother Katherine Jackson is their legal co-guardian, but reportedly hasn't seen them in more than three months. Blanket's day reportedly consists of class at their private high school, two hours of martial arts practice and a ton of video games. Their two older siblings are very busy with their own lives. Paris is currently pursuing a modeling and acting career, while Prince is in college at Loyola Marymount University.
The children's uncle, T.J. Jackson, is Blanket's other court-appointed co-guardian who reportedly takes turns with their wife to look after the teen. However, they live about 40 minutes away from Blanket's Calabasas mansion. But Blanket wasn't completely alone this past Friday: Paris had a dinner party at the Calabasas home with Blanket and some family and friends.
Meghan Markle is sparking new potential engagement rumors:
Read more from Yahoo Celebrity:
GRAIN growers who have taken advantage of summer rainfall and deep ripped paddocks have been warned the method does not necessarily overcome soil water repellence.
Department of Agriculture and Food WA (DAFWA) research officer Steve Davies said while deep ripping was an effective way to reduce soil compaction, it did not guarantee improved soil water penetration.
Dr Davies said in some cases, deep ripping could exacerbate topsoil water repellence.
“Deep ripping does not alter the soil surface condition, only the subsoil condition,” they said
“In fact, ripping when the repellent topsoil is quite dry can make expression of the repellence worse,” they said.
“Dry-sown crops can sometimes have worse establishment on strongly water repellent soils that have been deep ripped, with poorer water infiltration when the dry topsoil has been loosened.”
An on-farm demonstration trial with the Mingenew-Irwin Group in 2016 found there were far greater gains to be made by soil inversion treatments, than deep ripping.
“The soil moisture content on 25 May after soil inversion or rotary spading treatments was 100 per cent higher than the control at 10 centimetres, 50-80pc higher at 20cm and 10-40pc higher at 30cm,” Dr Davies said.
“By comparison, three deep rippers were also tested but did not have a significant benefit on infiltration and soil moisture content.”
Growers who had deep ripped strongly water repellent soils may want to implement cropping strategies to aid crop establishment.
“Options include avoiding dry seeding and seeding cereals later on these soils, once there has been good rainfall,” Dr Davies said.
“Other options include increasing the seeding rate, using a banded soil wetting agent – either applied on the surface of the furrow or banded near the seed – or using other soil amelioration measures to address severely impacted areas.”
DAFWA research has found the use of a rotary spader or mouldboard plough can generate significant benefits to soil quality and subsequent yields on strongly repellent soils.
BAKERSFIELD, Calif. (AP) — The corpse of Charles Manson will remain in a morgue for at least another month before would-be heirs can argue in court over who gets theirs remains.
A Kern County Superior Court commissioner on Wednesday set a March 7 hearing in the dispute.
A son of Manson, a grandson and a pen pal who collected and sold Manson memorabilia are among those who have filed competing claims.
A Los Angeles judge ruled Friday that Manson's estate should be litigated there because it's where the cult leader lived when they were convicted of orchestrating the 1969 killings of pregnant actor Sharon Tate and eight others.
The same judge rejected hearing the remains case because Manson died in Kern County and spent their last years in state prison in Kings County.
BAHADURGARH, India (AP) — Wearing nothing but loincloths, a group of boys warms up by climbing sturdy ropes that take them high into the trees. One teenager walks around the wrestling pit swirling incense, blessing the arena and preparing it for battle.
On this November evening, as the dusk thickens and the bugs venture out, a couple of dozen young devotees of kushti, the ancient Indian style of wrestling, have gathered to face off. They range in age from 10 to 16. The earth in the pit has been prepared as it has been for centuries, turned over and mixed with sawdust, turmeric and ghee, or clarified butter. It's mildly fragrant and soft to the touch, making it easier on the wrestlers' skin.
These devotees, or pehelwans, have made a commitment that extends beyond the hours they spend practicing each morning and evening. They live an ascetic lifestyle, eating specific foods like almond milkshakes and chapattis slathered with ghee. They don't eat meat and refrain from smoking, drinking and dating.
The sport, thought to be 2,000 years old, is mentioned in ancient Hindu texts and depicted in temple carvings. Although women wrestlers have made strides recently in India, the vast majority of participants are men.
But like many traditions in a country that's rapidly modernizing, kushti wrestling faces the threat of being left behind. It remains popular in states like Haryana, where these pehelwans are training. For many poor families, wrestling provides a glimmer of hope. Those who succeed can earn money, respect in their communities and even particular jobs. They're often employed by the police force or India's railways.
Fifteen-year-old Ankur Bharadwaj says it's their dream to win an Olympic medal, like their idol Sushil Kumar, who has won two Olympic medals for India in freestyle wrestling. Bharadwag says they get up at 4 a.m. and jogs to the wrestling pit before going to school.
"Hard work makes a man perfect," they say. "That's why we are practicing so regularly. There are no breaks if you want to be a wrestler."
Inside the pit, Bharadwaj and the other wrestlers rub their hands with the earth and toss it over their bodies. Under the watchful eye of their coach, they lock arms with their opponents, lunging for their legs as they try to flip them onto their backs and into submission.
The boys aspire to be accepted into an akhada, a kind of wrestling hostel where they're given a bed and can devote themselves to the sport fulltime if they choose. Akhadas come with shrines to the Hindu god Hanuman, who is seen as a kind of patron saint to the sport.
At dawn at a small akhada in the suburbs of Delhi, a man circles the arena dragging a thick piece of wood to smooth the earth. Another crushes almonds with a large mortar and pestle. A poster on the gate advertises a local wrestling bout with a first-place prize of about $3,000. The gate swings open and a cow noses its way inside, breaking into a trot when the wrestlers try to shoo it away.
Coach Hemand Kumar, 35, says wrestling has always been their passion. Even before they started at age 10, they would get up before dawn and watch their father wrestle. The boys who take it up are saved from "the nonsense" of the streets, they say. But they worry about the sport's future in a country with a rapidly rising middle class.
"The rich kids, they don't want to do it," they say. "Those people who don't have the money, they're interested. But they don't have the resources."
Jai Prakash, a former Olympic wrestler who is president of the Delhi Amateur Wrestling Association, says it's getting more difficult to find the land needed to set up new akhadas. And unlike the nation's most popular sport of cricket, they say, it's tough to find sponsors for kushti.
"Wrestling bouts in villages used to be like the festival season, with a joyous mood and crowds celebrating victories of their favorite wrestlers," they say.
Still, he's upbeat about the future of the sport, which is also known as pehlwani. They say wrestling authorities want to make kushti a part of some international wrestling competitions, something they hope might begin next year.
At the renowned Guru Hanuman Akhara in Delhi there are about 25 resident pehelwans, most of them hulking men in their 20s and early 30s. Some train with giant clubs that they swing behind their backs. Others grab a rope that's threaded through a pulley and haul into the air a bucket that's filled with concrete.
Sitting in a chair watching the men practice is Naveen Mor, who has won a number of international wrestling fixtures, including a gold medal at the 2011 World Police and Fire Games in New York. They say their wrestling prowess helped them land a job with the Haryana state police, where they work as an inspector.
Like many Indian wrestlers, Mor started in the pit and later became proficient wrestling on a mat, which provides the standard arena for most international bouts.
They say their first love remains the pit, where bouts can sometimes last an hour until somebody finally gives up.
As they cut back on competitions and does more coaching, Mor says they still follow the strict dietary rules of kushti, although they are more relaxed about other rules and has recently gotten married.
They say they don't regret dedicating their youth to the sport.
"No working. No shopping," they say with a grin. "Only wrestling, wrestling, wrestling. My life is wrestling. I love wrestling."
___
Associated Press writer Ashok Sharma in New Delhi contributed to this report.
ESPANOLA, Ont. — Provincial police say they've recovered the body of a missing swimmer at Chutes Provincial Park.
Police say a 28-year-old man was reported missing on Sunday night after failing to resurface while swimming in the park about 30 kilometres west of Espanola, Ont.
The victim has been identified as Talwinder Singh of Lasalle, Que.
An autopsy to determine the cause of death is scheduled for Friday.
Virginia's House of Delegates voted to approve Medicaid expansion during the regular 60-day legislative session that ended in March. But the Senate, whose members were not up for re-election last fall, remained opposed. Lawmakers failed to pass a state budget then because of the issue.
“That is debt, and I have four kids who are going to be having to pay for that for the rest of their lives,” Senator Amanda Chase, a Republican from Chesterfield, said of the federal funds spent on Medicaid expansion, explaining their vote against it on Wednesday. “It's not just a fiscal burden, but it's not the best solution for people who want real, quality health care.”
The turning point came in April when State Senator Frank Wagner, a Republican from Virginia Beach, said they had changed their position and would support Medicaid expansion, joining one other Republican, Senator Emmett W. Hanger Jr. of Augusta, and all 19 Senate Democrats. Mr. Wagner changed their mind after a work requirement was added to the plan.
State Senator Ben Chafin, another Republican, also voted for Medicaid expansion on Wednesday.
“I came to the conclusion, for me and my district, that no just wasn't the answer any longer,” Mr. Chafin. who represents an economically struggling district in southwestern Virginia, said on the Senate floor. “Doing nothing about the medical conditions, the state of health care in my district, just wasn't the answer any longer.”
The approval did not come without last-minute drama: Thomas Norment, the Senate majority leader and steadfast opponent of Medicaid expansion, tried unsuccessfully to block it in the Senate Finance Committee on Tuesday, and again on the Senate floor on Wednesday, when they pushed to pass a version of the budget that did not include it. Instead, a substitute budget including amendments that allowed for Medicaid expansion, offered by Senator Hanger, was approved.
Virginia's plan would tax hospitals to generate revenue for the state's 10 percent share of the roughly $2 billion annual cost.
The state currently has one of the most restrictive Medicaid programs in the country, covering mostly children and disabled adults. Childless adults are not eligible, and working parents cannot earn more than 30 percent of the federal poverty level, or $5,727 a year.
LOS ANGELES (AP) — Diane Lane and Greg Kinnear are joining "House of Cards" for the political thriller's final season.
Netflix said they'll play siblings in the show's sixth season, which resumed production Wednesday.
"House of Cards," Netflix's first original series, halted production last October amid sexual misconduct allegations against star Kevin Spacey.
Spacey was suspended from the show by producer Media Rights Capital after Netflix said it wouldn't continue with it if they remained. A representative for the actor said previously that they were seeking unspecified treatment.
Robin Wright, who co-starred as wife to Spacey's Francis Underwood, will be the focus of the final season. A debut date has yet to be announced.
Further details on the new characters played by Lane and Kinnear weren't available.
With an album coming out soon, the former Murder Inc. hit making songstress is on the prowl to have the summer on lock.
When you mentioned the name Ashanti, you have no choice but to smile from ear to ear as their soulful catalog of music they released has been undeniably impressive. After catching the industry's ear with their cameo on Ja Rule‘s chart topper “Always On Time”, Ashanti was ready to grab the R&B game by the neck and put it in the chokehold…..in which they did. They were able to win the hearts of many fans worldwide thanks to their self-titled debut, which debuted at #1 on the Billboard 200 while hits such as “Foolish”, “Baby” and “Happy”. The hits kept on coming as their sophomore album “Chapter II” went to reach platinum status after selling over 1.5 million copies. With major success like this, the Long Island native was able to continue to be a shining star amongst females the youth can look up to as their down-to-earth, charismatic, and selfless attributes were on display as they were able to collab with former first lady Michelle Obama in a campaign known as #DrinkUp in which they did a song for it called “Let Go”.
Recently, Ashanti and Ja Rule made a random appearance on “The Hamilton Mixtape” with the track called “Helpless”. With all the huge accomplishments and accolades they achieved, what is next for the multi-talented superstar? Currently on tour, The Source Magazine was able to catch up with Ashanti to talk music, life after Murder Inc. and their upcoming album.
The Source Magazine: How did the idea come of you and Ja reuniting to make a appearance on The Hamilton Mixtape?
Ashanti: Lin Manuel's people from Atlantic Records reached out to me and Ja and they invited us to go see the Floyd fight. Then we went to the play and to be very blunt and honest with you, we both were there in old traditional clothes because we thought it was going to be corny. I was very very very surprised and it was an amazing show. Afterwards we went backstage and met up with Lin. Lin just told us that me and Ja inspired them to write “Helpless”. They said our music has inspired them for so long and it was one of their dreams to have us be apart of the project. Both me and Ja was taken back and was saying to ourselves “WOW!, We had to idea”. So that translated into us getting in the studio and doing “Helpless”. They came to the studio either the second night and they did one version in LA and one version in NY and Lin came to NY estatic saying “Oh My God, this is amazing”. Overall, it was really a cool experience.
The Source Magazine: Well not alot of fans knew that growing up you studied modern, ballet, jazz and African dance. You are apart of the BAM (Brooklyn Academy Of Music) and Carnegie Hall dance emsemble. How did grassroots upbringing in the field of dance and modern jazz production helped apply yourself so well with the making of the song for the mixtape?
Ashanti: Well you know doing dance recitals and things of that nature obviously different than going into the studio to record a record. But just having respect for the theater and I feel it's not straining too too far from the original because obviously Hamilton has their core, die-hard fans. They don't want anything too different and I think that the trick was to make it our own and still pay respect to the original and I think we did a really good on fulfilling that gap. So as far as me coming from Carnegie Hall again, I think it just has respect for the art of theater and making that combination of the two believable.
The Source Magazine: What's your opinion on the state of today's hip hop and r&b.
Ashanti: Music obviously changes. We're living in a very “technical” world and everything is very fast paced. For me, I feel that it is a little more restricted and a little less authentic; I believe that it's less from the heart. It's very electronic and the records are just different. When our grandparents and parents was putting out records in the 50's, 60's and 70's, music evolves you know. But for me, I just feel that when my first three albums came out, there was a lot of authenticity, there was real passion that was in my records. Just going to the studio, creating a vibe and recording; there was some authenticity in those moments. So you know….it's a little different now.
The Source Magazine: Your self titled debut was released to the fans 15 years ago. When you first debuted the album, did you even fathom that this project will have such a huge significance as far as how the listeners in today's generation would listen to r&b music?
Ashanti: Well recently, we actually celebrated the anniversary this past Sunday which so happen to be my sisters birthday too (chuckles)…but to be honest with you, absolutely not. When we got the numbers then, I didn't know what anything meant. I just remember being in the limo going away to however many signings I was doing that day. They came in with the numbers and they were like “OH MY GOD! 503,000 records yadda-yadda-ya”. And I was like “What happened? Is that not good? Did it mess up?”. I didn't know what was going on so I was super duper naive. So when I knew the numbers it did, I didn't know what that meant. I didn't know if it was a good thing or if it was not good. I just didn't know. So the magnitude of that was huge but you know as a artist and as a young female coming up as a new artist to be able to have made history, break records, be in the Guinness Book Of World Records, you really don't get the chance to take it all in until a little bit later on. It was definitely a very humbling thing and it was an amazing experience I guess.
The Source Magazine: As us and the fans already know that you are on tour right now with Ja. How's reuniting with Ja on tour been treating you lately?
Ashanti: I think the beauty of us getting back together for the tour is just an beautiful thing to the point where it feels like there wasn't any time that needed to be made up for with me and him. We can not see each other for a year but when we get back on the stage, it feels like we have been hanging out all day for the last 9 months or so. Our chemistry is just really really genuine and it's pure and it's so organic. It's crazy because it's been like that since day 1. It's funny because I just posted some throwback behind-the-scenes moments from when we shot “Always On Time” with Dave Myers. It's funny that you mentioned it but I just remember us just clicking. So being on tour is just no different.We argue a little bit because I'm a little messed up since Ja don't have to do hair and makeup and I gotta do it. You can come out the hotel with a new outfit and you are good and that only takes 10-15 mins. I got to spend an 1 hr or two with hair and makeup and he's laughing at me but it's all love. We come up with new idea as far as little improvs and that's what else is cool about that as well. He'll see me do something then he'll jump right in . It's cool that we can read each other's energy and it feels very organic.
Ashanti has a album coming out soon which will have social media go up in a frenzy. Besides plotting on taking over the chats, they recently made an appearance on the hit show Crashed which is available to be streamed on go90. Check it out by clicking here.
LOS ANGELES (AP) — In the new season of "The Handmaid's Tale," there are tantalizing flashbacks to what preceded the Republic of Gilead, the bleak shredding of a flawed but free society. There also are suggestions that a fight is brewing against the oppressive state and its enslavement of women.
If the awards-lavished Hulu drama is indeed poised for an explosive second season, it will be in part because the male characters — some of them — step up their rebellion against the hellish Gilead drawn from author Margaret Atwood's 1985 novel.
"This season expands from the original (story) and also in pace and stakes. There seems to be a volatility underlying everything that happens this season, bubbling anarchy and resistance that brings out a lot of tension," said O-T Fagbenle, who plays husband Luke to Elisabeth Moss' June, dubbed Offred in this dystopian future world.
June remains the hero of the saga, one of the handmaids forced to bear children for the state's ruling class bedeviled by infertility. When season two arrives Wednesday, June's refusal to join in stoning a rebellious handmaid inspires a small but brave stand.
The consequences appear dire, with a ghostly, abandoned stadium that's set for a mass hanging and representative of a wrenching season. Central to it: June's determination to break free from Gilead and the household of Commander Fred Waterford (Joseph Fiennes) and their wife Serena Joy (Yvonne Strahovski).
But who will help them to fight Gilead, which some have deemed a metaphor for our time? Them husband, who managed to flee the East Coast republic to the safe zone of Canada? Better positioned is Nick (Max Minghella), who was tapped by infertile Serena to stand in with June for the apparently sterile Fred. The now-pregnant June and Nick form an emotional bond.
Luke and Nick resist in "very, very different ways," said executive producer Bruce Miller. "One from the inside, pulling strings to keep (June) alive, the other from the outside. And they're both at some times thwarted in frustrating ways as the season goes on."
But neither can shake "the dogged nature of hope," Miller said.
Holding back spoilers, the men of "The Handmaid's Tale" weighed in on what they see for their characters and the story's direction over season two's 13 episodes on the streaming service. How many seasons to come remains to be determined, Miller said.
PREPARE TO BE SUPRISED
"We are now very far away from the novel, and so there is an unpredictability which as a viewer and a reader I found to be very satisfying," said Minghella. "I didn't, however, anticipate where we were going to go next and I was often wrong in my predictions."
Minghella's Nick is "somebody who's trying to control an uncontrollable circumstance, and they can't. They have to face some obstacles that are not surmountable," they said. "That's true of all the characters in the show, so we're all thrown into the drama."
In Canada, Fagbenle's Luke is grappling with the loss of their family and in the company of escaped handmaids Moira (Samira Wiley) and Erin (Erin Way), both deeply traumatized.
"He's trying to manage that dynamic to some extent, deal with impotency and their lack of ability to get back to their wife," Fagbenle said. "And then things unfold during the series which reinvigorate their drive and determination to make a difference, no matter the cost."
Fiennes said that with Fred, a window opens into where they stand in the hierarchy of the commanders' world amid the pressure to be recognized and promoted.
"When they feel their masculinity amongst other men is being questioned or lessened, they invariably come back into their own household and inflicts their feelings against the women," said Fiennes, calling it "one of many complicated roots causes to the way people and men behave" in the quest for power.
BRUTAL HONESTY
While the handmaids gut it out under horrific conditions, including in the environmentally toxic Colonies, the men of Gilead must come to grips with their own nature. The truth isn't always pretty.
Fiennes sees their character and their wife as "architects of their own demise."
Fred fell in love with a "strong-voiced" woman and brilliant writer in Serena, one who shared their principles and philosophies, Fiennes said. "What's fascinating is that Fred never stood up for them when they were given an opportunity to be a commander," accepting power in a society in which they knew they wouldn't be allowed to "have that voice."
For their part, Fagbenle is reluctant to accept June's husband as "a good guy."
"If in the face of such repression (the reaction) is to do nothing, is to give lip service, is that good? I don't know if I could give Luke that much credit. ... He's a guy who loves their wife but in terms of what's been faced, did they step up early enough and did they step up actively enough? In my estimation, I don't think he's done enough."
Nick is a worthy man, Minghella said, but in an impossible spot.
"He's a spy on a spy on a spy. As a result they end up often being complicit in actions that are morally reprehensible. But to say that they personally endorse them, that would be a misrepresentation."
Among the many failed men of Gilead, Fiennes gives Nick and Luke a shout-out as "wonderful components of the male psyche as husband and lover and supporter."
___
Lynn Elber is a national television columnist for The Associated Press. They can be reached at lelber@ap.org and on Twitter at http://twitter.com/lynnelber.
Dozens of endangered North Atlantic Right whales were seen feeding off the coast of Massachusetts over the past few days.
The massive ocean mammals were seen swimming at the surface of the Atlantic Ocean near Marshfield -- a town about 30 miles southeast of Boston -- in chopper video captured by ABC Boston affiliate WCVB over the weekend.
The Marshfield Police Department's harbormaster and the U.S Coast Guard patrolled the waters nearby to make sure no other boats got too close to the pods of about 50 whales, Marshfield Harbormaster Mike DiMeo told ABC News. They were likely migrating north from Florida and the Carolinas, they said.
WCVB
Marshfield resident Doug MacFarland, who watched the whales through a pair of binoculars, told The Patriot Ledger that they lost count of how many they saw in the ocean.
The 10 to 12 pods of whales were spread out over up to 10 miles along the Atlantic coast, DiMeo said.
"It's an anomaly for us," DiMeo said of the number of whales.
WCVB
DiMeo was able to witness the whales for themselves on Monday from about 50 yards away, they said.
"It's quite fascinating to see them in that close range," they said, adding that they "basically shut the engines down" and kept a distance to "let them go their way.
The species was hunted to near-extinction about a century ago, according to the local newspaper.
The Right whale remains critically endangered, although recent analysis suggests that the species has recently experienced a slight growth in population size, according to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA). In 2011, at least 465 individual Right whales were in existence, according to the NOAA.
The last time the area had seen a large number of whales was in May 2015, when about 15 to 20 whales were spotted off the coast, DiMeo said. It could be a sign of a population increase, they added.
WCVB
Among the biggest threats to the species include ship collisions, entanglement in fishing gear, habitat degradation, climate and ecosystem change, disturbance from whale-watching activities and noise, according to the NOAA.
Right whales have a protection zone of 500 yards, NOAA regulations state. So the harbormaster and Coast Guard were helping to enforce it, DiMeo said. Regulations also state that vessels over 65 feet must travel at 10 knots or fewer.
WCVB
Humarock resident Paul Armstrong was paddleboarding when they had a close-up encounter with the whales, which can weigh up to 79 tons.
"I was almost on top of them at one point," Armstrong told The Patriot Ledger. "They were kind of curious about what I was."
The avid surfer described the sighting as "a really cool experience," adding, "It's something I've always wanted to do."
St. John's was playing the second of three straight games against top-six opponents in a span of nine days. Next up, a visit to No. 1 Villanova on Wednesday night.
“We are happy but we can't stop here,” Ponds, a sophomore guard, said. “We have to keep pushing. This is big to get a win on the board. We can start fresh.”
Gary Trent Jr. had 22 points for the Blue Devils (19-4), who perhaps got caught looking ahead to their first matchup of the season with their bitter rival North Carolina on Thursday night.
Krzyzewski didn't think so.
“Ponds was really as good a guard offensively as we've played against,” Krzyzewski said. “We came in prepared.”
Photo
The first-year student sensation Marvin Bagley III scored 19 for Duke but sat out a significant chunk of the second half with four fouls. Wendell Carter Jr. added 14 points and 15 rebounds.
Outhustled all afternoon, Duke was coming off an easy win on Monday over Notre Dame that followed a 65-63 loss at home to No. 2 Virginia last weekend.
“I thought they made us look bad, but we made ourselves look bad,” Krzyzewski said. “We did not play basketball the first 32 minutes worthy of our program. And we had blank faces, we didn't talk, we were like five individuals out there and it was disgusting, really. I do not know why. I can tell you that's not the group I've coached all year, and they were a very frustrating group to coach today because they didn't respond to anything until the last eight minutes, and that's unacceptable.”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Winless in 11 Big East games this season, the Red Storm improved to 11-2 in nonconference play. They led by 11 with six and a half minutes left before Duke stormed back and took a 73-72 advantage on Trent's two free throws with 1 minute 35 seconds to play, its first lead since early in the second half.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
That brought fans of both teams to their feet for an exciting finish.
Ponds, who also grabbed seven rebounds in their second consecutive 30-point game, put St. John's back in front with a driving layup and then drained a 3-pointer from the corner to make it 77-73 with 40 seconds left.
“We stayed composed,” they said.
Grayson Allen's only 3-pointer, seconds later, trimmed the margin to one, but Owens hit two free throws with 32.2 seconds to go.
Bagley made one of two free throws with 20.4 seconds left and Ponds did the same to make it 80-77 with 17.5 seconds to go. Allen missed a 3 at the other end and Owens grabbed the rebound before sinking one of two free throws with 2.7 seconds remaining to seal it as Ponds waved their arms, spurring on the crowd of 19,812.
“The Garden was rockin', no question,” said Mullin, who was recruited by Krzyzewski out of high school in 1980-81. “Duke has that brand. They bring 'em in.”
It was the first meeting between the teams since Krzyzewski recorded their 1,000th career win with a 77-68 victory at Madison Square Garden on Jan. 25, 2015.
NOTES
Duke fell to 34-19 at the Garden, including 29-11 under Coach Mike Krzyzewski. … The Blue Devils will be back in New York next month for the Atlantic Coast Conference tournament at Barclays Center in Brooklyn. … The matchup between two of the top programs in Division I history was played in tribute to Howard Garfinkel, who ran Five-Star basketball camp from 1966 to 2008, attracting many of the game's best players before they blossomed in college. The logo at center court read, “The Garf.”
Of the 100 cars that won STREET RODDER Top 100 awards in 2015, 24 of them were Tri-Five Chevys. One of them, Billy Sampson's 1955 Handyman wagon, landed on our runner-up list for Street Rod of the Year. We spotted Billy's car at the Minnesota State Fairgrounds during the Back To The 50's car show. We knew it was from nearby Eagan. We didn't know it had originally come from California. Billy, a 34-year member of the Minnesota Street Rod Association, told us the backstory.
“I've always liked 1955s,” Billy told us, “and I wanted something different, so I put out the word that I was looking for a two-door wagon. My friend Jerry found this one advertised in Hemmings Motor News. The car was located at D&P Classic Chevy in Huntington Beach, California, so I contacted a friend in California, Larry, who went to see the car. Larry made the deal with D&P and arranged for the car's delivery to Minnesota. I was at Back To The 50's the day it arrived.”
In the beginning, Billy's plans for the Handyman were similar to the people who bought these wagons new. A lot of Chevy Handyman owners in 1955 may have chosen the make for its style and the model for its function. Billy says it was going to be a driver, used to haul parts to and from swap meets and the local scrapyard. “That idea didn't last long,” they admit. Soon the body was off the frame. With Billy's friend Gary Wirth helping, the frame was blasted and bodywork begun.
The Chevy was treated to some classic custom mods. The body was nosed and decked, and the Chevrolet script was left off the front quarters. The front bumper guards were removed and the bumper smoothed and rebuilt as one piece. Above it, the stock grille was swapped for 1957 Corvette grille teeth. At the other end, the factory taillight lenses were exchanged for 1955 Buick lenses.
Somewhere during the process, the progress slowed, then stalled. “The Handyman became an empty beer can container for a while,” Billy says. Fortunately another friend, Brandon Hansen, showed up to jumpstart the project. The beer cans were evicted and the bodywork continued. One signature detail on Tri-Five Chevys—the body dip in the beltline—is found on every body style except the wagons. Brandon and Billy made sure that omission was corrected, transplanting the dips from a pair of sedan rear doors to the Handyman.
The frame and suspension work was completed using the factory frame and much of the stock suspension. The GM 10-bolt rearend is equipped with a 3.73:1 ring-and-pinion with unlimited slip. De-arched leaf springs with reversed eyes lower the rear. QA1 shocks are employed to smooth out the ride at both ends of the car. In front, TCI 2-inch dropped spindles and cut coil springs contribute to the hot rod rake. Steering is handled by a Classic Performance Products 500 Series power steering box. Stopping is provided courtesy of GM front discs and stock rear drums, and a CPP master cylinder and proportioning valve.
The wheelwells are packed with a time-honored wheel and tire combination. Billy likes the look of American Racing Torq Thrust five-spokes, and chose 18-inchers for the rear and 17s for the front. BFGoodrich g-Force tires measure 235/50R18 and 205/50R17.
The super sanitary engine compartment houses a carbureted 383 Chevy small-block. Steve Murgic at Murgics Automotive in Rosemount, Minnesota, performed the machine work and assembly on the 390hp engine, which is equipped with Dart heads and a Scat crank. An Edelbrock manifold and 750 carburetor feed fuel and air. Dress-up items include a pair of Chevrolet Performance valve covers and a custom air cleaner—finished with black granite paint with red pearl. The exhaust travels through a set of Sanderson cast small-block headers and fully Jet-Hot–coated exhaust pipes built by Troy Boettcher, and corked with Flowmaster 50 Series mufflers. A Be Cool aluminum radiator ensures against overheating. A Lokar short throw shifter selects gears in the 700-R4 transmission, built by Master Transmission in Rosemount.
At Unique Body & Paint, Ron Gorrell and their team took care of the body prep and paint, with Gorrell pulling the trigger. The combination of Viper Red and Black Granite makes a great visual balance, especially in contrast to the bright interior.
Hansen made the initial mods to the dash. That's the original Handyman dash, but with the circular double humps removed and the flat top hump from a 1955 truck added to the driver side. A Mullins instrument panel and custom bezel surround the Classic Instruments speedo and quad gauges. A Mullins tach is mounted on the Flaming River steering column (with an Impy's Classic wheel on top). The rest of the dash has been smoothed, except for the heater controls. The glovebox was welded and the center panel got some flames over the body color paint. Hansen fabricated the console, using a pair of billet wheel center caps for the cup holders. At Mark Walter's Upholstery Specialties, a pair of 1965 GTO buckets were upholstered with cream leather, contrasted by bright red Corvette carpet. Behind the seats, the entire cargo area was covered in more leather and stainless strips made by Hansen. Kenny Ingram used a Haywire system to wire the 1957.
Billy decided to go on vacation before doing the final assembly on the wagon. To their surprise, they got home to find a completed car. Hansen had once again stepped in and got the Handyman finished and ready to drive. That wouldn't be the last surprise for Billy. Their fellow members in the Minnesota Street Rod Association selected their beautiful wagon as the MSRA Custom Of The Year. That honor was followed by STREET RODDER's Top 100 award and SROY finalist finish. What's in store for the Handyman in 2017? That too, will be a surprise.
Astronaut Twin Study: Space Travel Changes DNA
Research by NASA on identical twins has revealed that being in space changes human genes. Scott Kelly spent 340 days on the International Space station, while their brother Mark remained on earth as a control subject.
On their return, tests showed that parts of Scott's chromosomes, which contain DNA in which gene information is stored, had altered in shape.
Most of the changes, due to factors such as oxygen deprivation stress, increased inflammation and a restricted diet, returned to their pre-flight state.
However 7% of Scott's genes, the so-called space genes, pointed to possible longer term changes related to their immune system, DNA repair, mitochondria and bone formation.
In its report NASA said: "Whole-genome sequencing showed each twin has hundreds of unique mutations in their genome, more than expected, and some were found only after spaceflight, circulating in the blood as "cell-free DNA.
"This is thought to be from the stresses of space travel, which can cause changes in a cell's biological pathways and ejection of DNA and RNA.
"Such actions can trigger the assembly of new molecules, like a fat or protein, cellular degradation; and can turn genes on and off, which change cellular function.
"Significant responses were found for at least five biological pathways in Scott during their time in space. These responses are important for future missions."
Identical twins come from one fertilized egg, containing one set of genetic instructions, or genome, formed from combining the chromosomes of mother and father.
However recent research has shown that identical twins are rarely genetically identical. Regions of the genome can have differing numbers of a gene.
These variations could explain why differences in susceptibility to specific diseases, for example, have been found in twins.
So the Kelly brothers might not have been genetically identical to start with, but after Scott's time in space they are even less like each other.
© 2018 Sky News under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: NASA.
NEW YORK (AP) — Days after the presidential pardon of Jack Johnson, Sylvester Stallone has announced plans for a biopic on the first African-American heavyweight champion.
Stallone said Wednesday that their newly launched Balboa Productions will start with a film about Johnson. On Thursday, Stallone stood next to President Donald Trump in the Oval Office as they signed a rare posthumous pardon to Johnson, who served 10 months in prison in what Trump called "a racially-motivated injustice."
Trump has said Stallone was instrumental in bringing Johnson's story to their attention.
Stallone's production company said the film will be fast-tracked with Metro Goldwyn Mayer Pictures.
Stallone has said Johnson was the basis for the character Apollo Creed in the "Rocky" films. The 71-year-old actor is currently in production on "Creed II" with MGM.
H3 Dynamics, a pioneering tele robotics tech startup from Singapore is proud to announce it has chosen Paris, France as its regional headquarters for the Europe, Middle East and Africa region. The company will furthermore establish new R&D activities in France, in areas ranging from advanced energy storage systems to visual analytics.
H3 Dynamics chose Paris and France's buoyant tech startup ecosystem as its European base in a continued effort to drive engineering excellence, new technology partnerships and customer success. Set at the cross-roads of robotics, cognitive computing, and IoT, H3 Dynamics also enhances the autonomy of sensors and small aerial drones with advanced hydrogen energy storage. Through the effective convergence of several technologies, the group intends to market a range of solutions that achieve productivity gains and operational efficiencies for its clients.
"In March 2017 in Singapore, the Prime Minister of Singapore and former French President announced 2018 as the 'Year of Innovation' between both countries, two 'startup nations' with a shared willingness to shape the future of innovation and strengthen economic ties," said Marc Abensour, Ambassador of France in Singapore. "With a European HQ in Paris and a Global HQ in Singapore, H3 Dynamics is a concrete example of this ambition."
"I am delighted with the decision of the pioneer Singaporean company H3 Dynamics to establish its European HQ and new R&D activities in France. Business France has facilitated H3 Dynamics' project along with its partner Paris Region Entreprises," said Caroline Leboucher, Chief Operating Officer, Invest, of Business France.
"We are excited about starting up our European operations in France, a country that has stood out in recent times for its drive for innovation and its audacity - as seen in the President's initiative 'Make our planet great again'," says Founder and CEO Taras Wankewycz, a tech entrepreneur based in Singapore since 2011.
H3 Dynamics, an IBM Business Partner and a member of Intel's Global IoT Alliance will be exhibiting its solutions at Europe's largest tech event (Vivatechnology innovation fair in Paris on June 15-17) on the VINCI Energies Lab as well as in the show's Discovery Zone. H3 Dynamics, through its partnership with the Starburst Aerospace Accelerator, will also exhibit at the Paris Air Show on June 21st.
For more information, please visit us at Vivatechnology : booth M15-019 (Vinci Energies Lab) and booth G20-021 (Discovery Zone) on June 15th, 16th and 17th at the Parc des Expositions - Paris, France, or at the Paris Air Show - Hall Concorde Booth S5 (Paris Air Lab) on June 21st.
H3 Dynamics is headquartered in Singapore, with established regional offices Asia, North America and Europe. The group is composed of three tech pillars: hydrogen energy for enhanced electric flight, networked drone automation systems, and field data analytics services.
www.h3dynamics.com
Business France is the national agency supporting the international development of the French economy, responsible for fostering export growth by French businesses, as well as promoting and facilitating international investment in France. It promotes France's companies, business image and nationwide attractiveness as an investment location, and also runs the VIE international internship program.
www.businessfrance.fr
Paris Region Entreprises is the agency in charge of promoting the Paris Region to attract international companies and support them in setting up by providing a full range of tailored services. President : Franck Margain / CEO : Robin Rivaton
www.parisregionentreprises.org
$page_length='long'; ?>
Your clothes tell people about who you are. It is not difficult to put together an outfit for an occasion if you know how to approach it. Matching colors and styles take a little practice. If you want some hints on how you can have great looking outfits that suit your personality, read this article.
Accessories are your best friend. You can take any old outfit that would be quite boring or plain on its own and dress it up with amazing accessories. Add the perfect necklace or brooch to a little black dress, and you've taken that LBD from average to awesome in two seconds flat.
Don't be afraid to go up a size if it means achieving the perfect fit. It can be quite distressing when you try on your usual size only to find it doesn't fit. Don't fret! Sizes vary from designer to designer and brand to brand, so it is perfectly okay to go up a size from your usual size.
Sheer clothes might make you sexy. However, you need to be careful about the level of sheerness and the area of the sheer. Some areas of your body need to remain private when you are in public, or you will just look trashy.
Copy the look for less. If you see a look you love in a high-end fashion magazine or spot your favorite celebrity sporting a look to die for, don't automatically assume that it is out of your budget. You can often create a very similar look for a whole lot less if you are willing to shop around.
When you are at the beach or pool, store your sunscreen in a cool place. Otherwise, the heat can change the chemical composition of the product, making it less effective. You can put it in a plastic baggie before placing it in your beverage cooler, or put it in a bag with ice.
A great fashion tip is to start shopping at thrift stores for some of your clothing. You can often find really unique clothing at thrift stores and you don't have to pay an arm and a leg either like you would if you bought new clothes at some big department store.
Choose your fashion shopping friends wisely. Your friends can make hunting for the newest fashions fun and exciting. But if you bring a friend with a competitive shopping streak, they may tempt you into buying clothes that either don't fit you well or are outside of your budget. Make your decisions on your own time with your needs in mind.
Use many colors when creating an outfit. You do not want every piece to match perfectly, that is not the point of fashion. Instead find ways to create creative color schemes. For example, a purple dress can be matched with yellow, silver, black or green accessories. Just have fun with it.
When purchasing jeans, go for timeless looks. For example, classic straight leg or boot cut jeans never go out of style. Opt for either of these styles in either a dark denim or slightly faded to remain in style throughout the years. By opting for these styles, you will always be in style no matter the current fashion.
One way to add more weight to thin hair is to use mousse. Don't lay it on too thick, though. Overusing mousse to create hairstyles reminiscent of the 80s is tempting for some people. However, these overdone styles tend not to be flattering for the majority of people.
Wine colors, such as deep purples and dark reds, have been in fashion all year and are expected to be in fashion for the fall and winter as well. Burgundy coats, mahogany dresses and plum skirts are all some great choices. Just make sure to get wine-colored accessories as well.
If you have problems with very small flakes of dandruff, you may be experiencing dry scalp. If this is the case, you could just change shampoos and use a shampoo and conditioner that are more hydrating. Larger flakes of dandruff indicate Seborrheic Dermatitis caused by scalp irritation. In this case, use a medicated dandruff shampoo containing selenium sulfide, salicylic acid, pyrithione zinc or an antifungal agent.
You may have been wondering how you were ever going to stay on top of fashion. You have now learned some helpful fashion strategies to help you express yourself. Use this advice and keep learning more about fashion.
The Latest on Auto Shanghai 2017 (all times local):
6:15 p.m.
Volkswagen has unveiled an electric crossover concept vehicle, the I.D. Crozz, on the eve of the Shanghai auto show.
The Crozz isn't intended for sale, but VW says it has a top speed of 112 miles (180 kilometers) per hour and a range of 311 miles (500 kilometers) on one charge.
Such range could help electrics win wider consumer acceptance by reducing "range anxiety," or fear of running out of power without a charger nearby.
Volkswagen said earlier it will launch a pure-electric car in China next year. It joins General Motors, Ford and other automakers that have announced electric models for China as Beijing steps up pressure on the industry to develop alternatives to gasoline.
Two days after they were asked to try to form a caretaker administration, Italy's prime minister-designate, Carlos Cottarelli, said on Wednesday that "new possibilities for the birth of a political government have emerged."
Their statement followed a short meeting with President Sergio Mattarella to discuss their progress, as the country tries to form an interim government following an inconclusive election in March.
Cottarelli added: "This circumstance, also considering market tensions, has compelled me to wait for further developments." Their statement gave no further details.
The former IMF economist was tasked with putting together an interim government after the failure of the anti-establishment Five-Star Movement (M5S) and anti-immigrant League party to form a coalition.
Read more: EU chides Budget Commissioner Günther Oettinger over Italy remarks
Finance appointee blocked
The president rejected their nominee for finance minister, 81-year-old Paolo Savona, a euroskeptic economist who has described the euro as "Germany's cage."
That latest twist has forced the two populist parties to the sidelines, as Cottarelli attempts to steer the country towards fresh elections next year.
The parties have vowed to use their parliamentary majority to sabotage any government with Cottarelli at the helm, raising the specter of another national vote as early as July.
M5S leader Luigi di Maio on Wednesday backed away from a call for the president's impeachment, saying instead that voters — and not Germany or the rating agencies — should decide Italy's future.
League leader Matteo Salvini called Cottarelli's appointment "the final blow from those above, who want an enslaved, scared and poor Italy."
Read more: Opinion: Italy's election results highlight a European trend
No parliamentary support
Any new government will need parliamentary approval — Cottarelli may not even receive support from Italy's traditional mainstream parties. That would be a symbolic defeat for Mattarella, who had hoped to calm financial markets with the appointment of a neutral government.
The political uncertainty rattled European stock markets on Tuesday, and led to a spike in the yield on 10-year Italian government bonds, although the price dropped back on Wednesday.
The euro and US and European stock markets fell on Tuesday amid fears that political uncertainty in Italy could lead to broader instability in the eurozone.
The Reuters news agency, on Wednesday, cited three sources as saying that the European Central Bank sees no reason to intervene in the crisis as there are no signs of stress among banks. One source said the ECB does not have the tools or mandate to solve what is a domestic issue.
Italy, the eurozone's third largest economy, has struggled since the 2007-2009 financial crisis under an enormous debt pile. Investors are worried that euroskeptic parties could form a future government that would abandon the euro, or commit to public spending that would see Italy become the next Greece.
Read more: Italy's rising populism leaves refugee aid workers worried over immigration reform
The instability could well boost support for both populist parties in any fresh elections. An IPSOS poll in the Corriere della Sera newspaper on Wednesday, showed the League on 25 percent support, compared to around 17 percent in March. Support for M5S was steady at about 32.6 percent.
mm/msh (AFP, AP, dpa, Reuters)
Each evening at 1830 UTC, DW's editors send out a selection of the day's hard news and quality feature journalism. You can sign up to receive it directly here.
After failing to prize Lloyd Chitembwe away from CAPS United, ZPC Kariba have resumed their hunt for a new coach to replace the outgoing veteran gaffer Sunday Chidzambwa.
ZPC Kariba thought they had secured the services of 2016 Premiership Coach of the Year but the deal to lure Chitembwe fell through at the last minute on Saturday afternoon after the coach decided to extend their stay to their beloved CAPS United.
The electricity men had been confident they had got their man but that was at least “not until the fat lady had sung'' and it turned out Chitembwe did not put pen to paper.
This is because CAPS United also pulled all the stop to keep the coach who guided them to the championship last year and a place in the group stage of the Champions League this year.
Chitembwe also still has two years on their contract and is not leaving the club anytime soon. Now after failing on their prime target, ZPC yesterday resumed their search with former Motor Action and Chicken Inn coach Joey Antipas and ex Gunners mentor Darlington Dodo now very much in the radar.
Antipas has been back in the country since losing their job at South African club Amazulu.
The former Warriors coach has also been linked with a move back to Chicken Inn should the rumour about Rahman Gumbo leaving the Gamecocks for a return to Highlanders come to fruition.
ZPC Kariba have also cast their eye on Tsholotsho coach Darlington Dodo.
It has emerged that a series of meetings are being held by the ZPC Kariba executive as they seek to go for the Christmas break having sorted their technical department.
Apart from looking for a new coach, ZPC Kariba, just like their Premiership rivals will also have to look for some players to beef up their squad. The Herald
CBS 2Watch CBS2 News, CBS This Morning, Dr. Phil, Judge Judy, 60 Minutes, NFL football, and your favorite CBS shows. Latest Videos Eye On New York Dining Deals Tony's Table Links & Numbers Station Info & Closed Captioning CBS 2 2016-2017 EEO Report Explore CBS 2 Jobs and Internships Connect with us on Facebook and Twitter […]
WCBS 880WCBS Newsradio 880 is one of the tri-state's most trusted sources for news and information. As a market leading news resource since 1967, WCBS reaches millions of listeners each week and boasts one of the largest, most experienced local news teams on the radio in America. Follow @WCBS880 WCBS helps listeners stay ahead of the […]
1010 WINS1010 WINS invented all news radio and is the longest-running all news station in the country. For 50 years, 1010 WINS has been a news and information utility for the New York metropolitan area. Famous around the world for its slogan, “YOU GIVE US 22 MINUTES, WE'LL GIVE YOU THE WORLD,” no other radio station […]
WFANAs the world's first 24-hour all-sports radio station, WFAN remains the premier sports talk radio station in the business. Since its debut on July 1, 1987, dozens of stations have copied the all sports format, but none have achieved the success and the popularity of the FAN. WFAN is the flagship station of four Tri-State […]
WLNYProgram Schedule Channel Guide WLNY TV 10/55 is part of the CBS Television Stations group, a division of CBS Corp. and one of the largest network-owned station groups in the country. Got a nose for news? E-mail us your newstips! Our offices & studios are located at 524 W. 57th St., New York, NY 10019. […]
By Danya Hajjaji
TORONTO (Reuters) - Crew members of two Canadian fishing vessels were approached by the United States border patrol in Canadian waters in the Gulf of Maine in late June, according to the Canadian government, which is investigating the matter.
"Canada continues to investigate these incidents that occurred in Canadian waters, including through engaging with U.S. agencies involved in the matter," John Babcock, a spokesperson for Global Affairs Canada said on Wednesday.
Babcock said the incidents occurred on June 24 and June 25 near Machias Seal Island.
U.S. Customs and Border Protection and the U.S. embassy in Ottawa were not available for comment due to the Independence Day holiday in the United States.
The CBC News reported the U.S. officials questioned the fishermen, who are members of the Grand Manan Fishermen's Association. The association's chair wrote on Facebook the U.S. agents claimed to be "looking for illegal immigrants."
The association declined to comment on the matter.
"Canada's sovereignty over the Machias Seal Island and the surrounding waters is long standing and has a strong foundation in international law," Babcock said.
(Reporting by Danya Hajjaji; Editing by Chris Reese)
For drivers that want to go faster than the law allows while simultaneously learning how to be better behind the wheel, the automaker has introduced the Performance Data Recorder (PDR). The onboard computer tracks 34 channels of performance while recording video. It replaces the aftermarket GoPro mounted to the windshield and performance tracking systems drivers place in their track cars with an easy to understand and use the system.
The recorder fires up directly from the infotainment system with only two taps. It's so simple, on the first try I thought I missed a few steps. Sure, it said it was recording, but was it really? To my delight after pushing the stop button and parking the car, I was able to watch back my drive right there with data overlays of my speed, tachometer, which gear I was in, and what g-force I was pulling around corners. It's super nerdy, yet simultaneously helpful.
For example, you might be that person that veers out of their lane while cornering but don't really notice. With evidence right there in front of you, you'll start to make a conscious effort of staying in your lane on switchbacks. The rest of us on the road will also appreciate it.
The teaching tool only gets better when you transfer the video (stored on an SD card in the glove compartment) to the Cosworth application (Windows only). The app displays your drive on a map along with an incredible amount of detail, such as steering angle or pressure applied to the brakes and accelerator. It's an extravaganza of data that should appease both data nerds and car nuts.
My biggest fault with the system is that the videos are only 720p. They're good enough for Twitter and Facebook sharing, but if you watch them on your TV, the quality is disappointing.
Sure, with all that power, you might be tempted drift your way around every corner, and thankfully the steering feels precise. The result is that I always felt completely in control of the situation. Plus, the car feels lighter than previous generation Corvettes thanks to an aluminum frame and carbon fiber everywhere.
The interior is pure sports car. The racing seats keep you from sliding around the cabin during your recreations of the Fast and Furious. But after three or four hours they do start to wear on your body especially if you happen to skip cardio days at the gym. The steering wheel is wrapped in carbon fiber and suede. The latter for better grip. Everything in the car is driver-centric -- the center dash is pointed so far away from the passenger their climate controls are mounted on to the very right below the vent.
The infotainment system suffered just a hint of latency. I hoped Chevrolet would update it for the 65th anniversary Vette. Alas, it's adequate and with Android Auto and CarPlay support, you'll likely only use it for the PDR. The dash cluster, on the other hand, is a wealth of knowledge from the typical speed limits and tire pressure to a timer that tracks your zero to 60 runs (and tells you how warm your tires are).
Then there's the secret compartment. Well, it's not really a secret, there's a big button that says "screen" next to it. When you push that, the 8-inch display lowers to reveal an additional storage area revealing enough room for my phone, wallet and sunglasses. When friends would get in the car expecting me to do donuts at every intersection (I didn't), instead I'd show them the compartment. In a car which has a trunk that's capable of transporting two pieces of carry-on luggage and not much else, any additional storage is welcome.
That little storage area is like the rest of the Corvette. Fun but completely impractical -- which is what a sports car should be. It's something you drive to go fast even though 80 percent of the time, you're not going to use more than 10 percent of it's potential.
But the potential to do easily do donuts in abandoned parking lots is there and when you do find a stretch of empty road in the desert or make it to the track, the car delivers. That said, you really don't have to drop over $100,000 to put a Corvette in your garage.
Let's take a quick look at that $111,000 price point of the Carbon 65 version. Again Chevy will only make 650 of these so you're probably not going to get one anyway. Plus, there's a Z06 Corvette with a manual transmission (you should only buy this car with manual transmission) starting at about $80,000. That's still a lot of money but for the power and features you're getting, it's a steal compared to offerings from Porsche, Ferrari, Audi and other automakers.
Plus it's just a fun car to be in. Of course, once you're over the age of 40 everyone thinks you're having a mid-life crisis (and maybe you are) when you're seen in the vehicle. And again it's one of the least practical cars you can purchase. But who cares, it's a Corvette and after 65 years it still quickens the pulse and with the PDR system, you can note the exact moment that happened.
Sunday's snowy showers gave many families the chance to get out and enjoy the snow, but it also proved challenging for motorists across the county.
Bedfordshire Police said it had received a large number of calls about collisions across the county and that a number of roads were blocked due to the weather.
Fallen trees being cleared up on Heath Road. Photo by Peter Banwell
This included Heath Road near Sandy Lane due to a dangerous tree.
Peter Banwell reported the fallen trees to the Highways Team at Central Bedfordshire Council. They said: “A number of trees have fallen in Heath Road near the turning for Sandy Lane.
“They fell yesterday afternoon, the Highways team came out and closed the road, they are back today trying to clear the trees and make the road safe for drivers.
“They are big massive trees, some of them are 50-60 foot tall. They are hoping to have the road open this afternoon.”
Trees along Heath Road. Photo by Peter Banwell
A spokesperson for Central Bedfordshire Council said: “We are aware of the fallen tree in Heath Road, Leighton Buzzard.
“The fallen tree was located on private land and the private contractor hired to remove the tree was expected to enforce a road closure to ensure the safety of road users during its removal.
“As this road closure was being ignored by motorists, our Highways team stepped in to provide traffic management to remove the tree.
“The team were on site at 8.30am this morning trying to remove the fallen tree as quickly and as safely as possible. The road reopened at 2pm today.”
Emergency services were also called to a car in a ditch at 4.40pm on Sunday on the A4146 between Galley Lane, Great Brickhill, and Stoke Road, Stoke Hammond.
And today, the majority of schools in the Leighton Buzzard have been closed, although some lower schools and nurseries have managed to stay open. Check out the list here https://www.centralbedfordshire.gov.uk/webApps/SOS/
Central Bedfordshire Council's gritting team had a busy weekend on the county's roads and they will be doing a double gritting run today.
A spokesperson for the council said: “We have eleven gritters. Our team was out pre-salting during Saturday night and again in the early hours of Sunday morning across Central Bedfordshire in advance of the snow that arrived on Sunday.
“Our teams were out gritting three times yesterday (Sunday), using 40g of salt per square meter across our priority route which is over 420 miles long.
“The priority gritting routes include A&B roads and most smaller roads, especially if they are busy commuter routes, routes to hospitals, schools, or key to the emergency services.
“We're doing a double gritting run today, with the first run already underway. The second run will take place at 4pm and we are also on stand-by for a third run later on tonight.
“We are reminding residents that the road temperatures are very cold, and to take care when they are travelling by road.”
Eminent agriculture scientist and National Commission on Farmers (NCF) Chairman MS Swaminathan on Wednesday said that despite some progress, issues like farmer-centric pricing, procurement, and public distribution are still to implemented.
“Despite progress, farmer-centric pricing, procurement, public distribution still to implement,” Swaminathan said in a tweet.
Swaminthan, who is the founder of MS Swaminathan Research Foundation, also felt that the answers to the agrarian crisis lie in enhancing the productivity of small farms and ensuring adequate public procurement at remunerative prices.
“The agrarian crisis, now affecting small and marginal farmers in several states, arises largely from the unfavourable cost-risk and return structure of farming,” Swaminathan said on Tuesday.
They also termed farm loan waivers as a temporary, short-term solution to the agrarian crisis and said it is “time that the recommendations contained in the Reports of the National Commission on Farmers, particularly the chapter on farmers of the 21st century, are implemented”.
Noting that their recommendations were formulated after discussion with farmers in all parts of the country, Swaminathan said: “Therefore, there is widespread demand among farmers that they be implemented without further delay.”
They said that long-term solutions are important to ensure that farming remains an occupation of choice among the majority of the rural population in the country.
Swaminathan's remarks came against the backdrop of the ongoing protest of farmers in Madhya Pradesh, who have asked the government to write off their loans and to give a good price for their produce.
On June 6, five protesting farmers were killed in a police firing in Madhya Pradesh's Mandsaur town.
The farmers in Maharashtra had also staged protests but called it off after the state government promised a loan waiver.
KABUL, Afghanistan (AP) — An Afghan military spokesperson says elite commando units have freed dozens of prisoners held by the Taliban, including women and children, in an early morning operation in southern Helmand province.
The spokesperson, Abdul Qadeir Bahadorzai, says Thursday's operation took place in the district of Kajaki and freed 103 people held in two prisons there run by the Taliban. They say four Taliban fighters were killed in the gunbattle.
Bahadorzai says five women and two children were among the freed captives, most of whom were civilians.
Meanwhile, also in Helmand, a district governor says a suicide car bomber wounded six people, including three police officers, on Thursday morning.
Mohammad Salim Roodi says the attack took place in Girishk district when the police tried to stop a suspicious vehicle outside the governor's compound.
LAUSANNE, Switzerland (AP) — The International Olympic Committee says it is "very concerned" about claims that the new doping sample bottles for next month's Pyeongchang Games can be opened.
The bottles were introduced last year to increase security after investigators found Russians were able to surreptitiously open bottles at the Sochi Olympics and exchange dirty urine samples with clean ones previously provided the same athlete.
However, the World Anti-Doping Agency is now examining the new bottles after receiving reports from a laboratory that the bottles can be opened manually when frozen.
The IOC says in a statement that it "is very concerned about this issue" and has asked WADA to ensure the integrity of drug testing in Pyeongchang. The IOC adds it has "full confidence in WADA that they will find a solution."
LONDON (AP) — Former "Doctor Who" star David Tennant has accepted an apology and damages from Rupert Murdoch's newspaper company over phone hacking by a now-defunct tabloid.
Tennant is one of six people whose claims against News Group Newspapers were settled Tuesday at the High Court in London.
Lawyer Sara Mansoori said Tennant was "outraged and shocked by the invasions of their privacy by individuals working for or acting on behalf of the News of the World."
News Group lawyer Ben Silverstone said the firm offered sincere apologies. It is paying the claimants' legal costs and undisclosed damages.
Murdoch closed the tabloid News of the World in 2011 after revelations it had eavesdropped on the voicemails of celebrities, politicians and a 13-year-old murder victim.
Murdoch's company has paid out millions in compensation.
The Harare Municipal Medical Aid Society (HMMAS) is being sued by Met Bank Ltd for failing to repay a loan of $1 million. According to the lawsuit filed by Met Bank, HMMAS failed to pay back $1 037 283, 37 by May last year, in terms of the agreement.
“On or about July 4, 2016 and at Harare, the plaintiff (Met Bank) and the defendant (HMMAS) entered into a written banking facilities agreement in terms of which the plaintiff granted to the defendant a debt discounting backed-working capital facility in the gross debt sum of $1 811 468, 20 and net amount of $1 358 601, 23,” the court heard.
According to court papers, the loan facility would be repayable in equal monthly instalments of $200 000 per month, which translated to $50 000 per week and would expire on May 31, 2017.
It was also a term of the agreement that upon the expiry of the loan facility, any outstanding amount would become due and payable.
The agreement further stated: “that interest on the facility would be charged at the aggregate of the ruling bank's base rate and a margin thereon at 15 percent per annum which was subject to change from time to time in line with the prevailing market conditions as advised by the bank.
“That each sum that was not paid when due, would attract default interest over and above the interest…at the rate of 18 percent per annum calculated from the date on which the sum fell due to the date on which it was actually paid”.
HMMAS is said to have breached the agreement by failing to pay the amount on the due date.
“The defendant proceeded to draw down on the loan facility. Notwithstanding that May 31, 2017 has come and gone, the defendant has failed to fully and punctually pay the monthly instalments when they fell due and payable.
“A first mortgage bond was registered over stand number 2588 Salisbury Township held under deed of transfer No. 4086/01 as security for the debt hence the property becomes executable,” the court heard.
According to court papers, by March 31, 2017, HMMAS was owing a total of $1 037 283, 37 to the bank.
“The aforesaid balance of $1 037 283, 37 is accruing interest at the plaintiff's current rate of 28 percent per annum calculated from the 31st of May 2017 to date of payment in full. Despite written demand, the defendant has neglected, failed and/or refused to pay,” the court heard.
HMMAS is yet to respond to the application. DailyNews
TAIPEI (Taiwan News) – Temperatures are set to dip below 10 degrees Celsius in Taiwan after Friday as the island will be struck by the strongest cold snap of this winter so far, according to meteorologist Wu Der-rong's (吳德榮) weather forecast.
A bitter cold snap will grip the country all week due to a cold air mass coming in from the north, following a sunny Sunday. The temperature is forecast to plummet to 11 degrees Celsius in Taipei City and to 9 degrees Celsius in wide open spaces in northern and central Taiwan, reaching the level of a strong continental cold air mass.
A stronger cold air mass is expected to follow over the next weekend, which may send mercury down to 10 degrees Celsius or lower, Wu added.
According to the Central Weather Bureau (CWB), the temperature on Tuesday is expected to hover between 14-18 degrees Celsius in northern Taiwan, 14-20 degrees in the central region, 16-18 degrees in Yilan, 17-23 degrees in the eastern region, and 15-23 degrees in the south.
The CWB weatherman Lee Meng-shuan indicated that the temperature in northern Taiwan will likely hover between 14-16 throughout the week until Friday, with occasional precipitation on the windward side of the island, expected in the northern and central regions.
Wayne Swan has intervened in the foreign interference debate with a warning to intelligence agencies and the government to stop using the issue to attack Labor and instead aim to achieve a bipartisan approach to preventing foreign intervention in politics.
In a Facebook post this morning, Swan criticised "a series of leaks targeted at selected members of the Labor Party, which appear to have come from security agencies and others associated with an investigation ordered by the Prime Minister." "It's critical," Swan says, "that the security agencies and the government get this discussion back onto a political framework that works in the interests of all Australians -- not just the Liberal Party."
FRISCO, Texas --There's not much the Colorado Rapids can hang their hopes on as they head into the homestretch of their disappointing 2017 season.
After making the Western Conference Championship last season, they're just a goal-differential tiebreaker out of last place right now -- and with four of their next five matches on the road, where they're a woeful 0-8-2 after Saturday's scoreless draw to FC Dallas, things aren't going to get any easier.
About all they can take into the week ahead is the consolation of picking up a road point for the second time this year, and recording just their fourth clean sheet of 2017.
"We are desperate for points now,” defender Jared Watts said. “But a shutout on the road is something we can build on with an important home game next week.”
On the plus side, that match is against D.C. United -- the East's worst team and the only one with fewer points (19) than the Rapids and Minnesota United (22 each).
Colorado could be without defender Axel Sjoberg, though, after they sustained a lower leg injury and had to be replaced by Kortne Ford -- who made two big clearances to preserve the shutout -- at halftime.
“It's always a tough situation when you have to sub a center back at halftime,” coach Pablo Mastroeni said. “Kort did a good job finding their way and the backline did well."
Saturday's performance also showed that the Rapids haven't given up on the season, Mastroeni said.
“At times it was about character, it was about bravery, it was about throwing your body in front of the ball and in front of the goal, and the guys did that,” they said. “Unfortunately, we're at a point now that we need to maximize our points, but when the guys leave everything on the field, when they work hard for each other, when they don't give up -- I mean, these are important qualities for a team that still has a lot of fight in them and believe that we have a chance.”
Tiffen says the reason for the hybrid gimbal/gyro approach is to give users maximum control. By applying pressure to the control surface just above the grip, you can quickly flip it around or change focus to a different subject. The Osmo and other products, on the other hand, can pan only as fast as the motor can turn.
The balance aspect means you can't just take it out of the box and start shooting, though. First you have to set it up to your specific smartphone so that it's perfectly -- and I mean perfectly -- adjusted. Once that's done, you must learn how to use the thing so that you can shoot exactly the way you want.
I tried out the Steadicam Volt with a Samsung Galaxy S8, which already has a pretty darn good camera that shoots at 1080p or 4K (Ultra HD) resolution. As with any smartphone, handheld tracking shots can look very jerky, even if you operate it as smoothly as possible and turn on the built-in stabilization. For live streaming, even minor hand shaking can be noticeable too. That's where the Volt can help.
To balance the Volt, you mount your phone and hold it horizontally. If the back tips up, you need to add weights until it tilts down, then adjust a slider for fine-tuned control. I needed just two weights for my Galaxy S8, but if you have a larger device, you'll likely need more.
For side-to-side balance, you just push the phone to the right or the left in the cradle. Finally, there's a screw adjustment that moves the phone back and forth so that it's balanced perfectly and pointing ahead, not to the sky or the ground. Users have reported that some Volts don't sit perfectly level, but there's a firmware update to fix that issue.
With everything set up, I took the Volt to the street. You can't just point it at your subject and capture glorious tracking shots -- you have to get the hang of using it and develop a light touch on the controls for pans or tilts. Also, like most handheld stabilizers, the Volt doesn't fix up or down movements, so you have to learn a sort of stealthy, smooth walk.
The Volt has two modes: sport and cinema. The former is on by default and offers a more rigid, easy-to-control operation. Cinema mode, activated by pushing the front button twice, provides less resistance, making for a smoother but touchier gimbal. You can use your built-in camera or any other app, including Tiffen's own Image Maker. I didn't have much luck with that app myself, as it crashed to a black screen when I tried using it.
It weighs less than a pound, so, with a light smartphone like the Galaxy S8, the Volt is easy to use all day. However, the 8-hour battery life is less than you get with other stabilizers, so if you do a marathon session, you'll need to carry spare cells. Unlike with other products, though, it's easy to swap them. That said, it will still function as a (much cruder) stabilizer even without power, so you won't be totally stuck with no power.
The Volt always stays where you point it, whether up, down, left or right. If you want to change the angle, you merely apply pressure to the control stalk. Tiffin recommends using both hands, one to hold the gimbal handle and the other to control camera movement. I found that worked fine for me, but, with a bit more practice, I could hopefully do it one-handed, like Steadicam inventor Garrett Brown.
The Volt seems like an ideal stabilizer for vlogging or recording Facebook Live videos, since it's fairly easy to control and tracks subjects faithfully. Flipping to the front camera and back requires a bit of care, however, in order not to jolt your phone or flip it around.
That brings up what is perhaps the Volt's biggest flaw. If you happen to be out on a windy day, your phone could catch a gust and go out of control. Electronic stabilizers like the Osmo don't have that problem to the same degree, as they're more rigidly fixed. The solution is to brace the Volt harder with your hand, but that removes some of the smoothing benefits.
All told, I liked the Steadicam Volt, but it's not for everyone. Users who want handheld, stabilized video with little setup and learning would probably be better off with the DJI Osmo, which also costs $195. There are also numerous knockoff electronic smartphone stabilizers on the market for around $100, if you want to take that risk.
If you're willing to put up with the time needed to set up and learn it, however, the Volt is worth your attention. Once you become proficient (practice is the only way), there are more types of moves that you can do than with an electronic gimbal, and it gives you more direct control and feel too. The resulting tracking shots, I believe, are less mechanical and more organic-looking than you get with purely mechanical stabilizers. Just watch out for those gusts.
