July 4 (UPI) -- Writer-actor Nia Vardalos confirmed they and their husband, actor Ian Gomez, are divorcing.
The couple -- whose romance inspired the popular My Big Fat Greek Wedding stage, film and TV franchise -- tied the knot in 1995 and separated last year. They are the parents of an 11-year-old daughter.
Vardalos listed irreconcilable differences as the cause of the split in court documents they filed Tuesday. They also requested joint legal and physical custody of their only child.
"We've been respectfully separated for a lengthy period of time. Our relationship became a friendship so the decision to end the marriage is completely mutual and amicable. It is our hope that decency will prevail on the reporting of this story which will soon be yesterday's news. Thank you for respecting our privacy," Vardalos and Gomez said in a joint statement.
My Big Fat Greek Wedding started out as Vardalos' one-woman stage show, which they adapted into a blockbuster movie in 2002. It was followed by the short-lived, 2003 TV sitcom My Big Fat Greek Life and big-screen sequel My Big Fat Greek Wedding 2 in 2016. John Corbett played the character of Gomez in the movies.
The real Gomez is known for their roles in Felicity, Cougar Town and Supergirl.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Yobs left a family in shock after hurling stones at their car in an area of Cheltenham plagued by similar attacks.
Amy Frusher, 37, was travelling in Princess Elizabeth Way, in Hester's Way, around five months ago with their husband and two young children, when youths threw rocks at their vehicle and damaged its paintwork.
Mrs Frusher has come forward in response to a series of attacks from youngsters in the area, one of which saw Kamil Krzyzak's car windscreen smashed by a brick last Tueday in Princess Elizabeth Way.
After four cases of youngsters hurling missiles at buses in Hester's Way in February and earlier this month, Stagecoach removed several stops from its C route to Springbank.
Mrs Frusher, their husband, their one-year-old girl Abigail and four-year-old boy Jacob were in the car that was hit by a stone.
They revealed they were driving near the South Africa House flats, when they noticed four or five boys, who looked to be aged between 15 and 18, sitting on the shed next to the building.
The 37-year-old cleaner, of Holtham Avenue in Churchdown, said: "They were lobbing bricks and stones at cars driving past.
"We were behind a lorry with a skip on it and they were throwing stones at it. A car behind us got it as well.
"They hit the side of our car, causing paint damage.
"It was really scary. If they had thrown it that little bit later, it could have gone through my girl's window and hit her."
The boys, who wore black hoodies and jeans, were "falling about laughing", they added.
Mrs Frusher was glad that their children were oblivious to what had happened.
They said they do not feel safe in the area, adding, "I don't tend to go that way anymore.
"It is getting worse and they are causing havoc.
"I used to live in Hester's Way, and the crime was a factor in us leaving."
They revealed police told them at the time they "think they know who the boys are", but the force has not yet informed them they have been found.
Last week a Gloucestershire police spokesperson said officers have been trying to identify the youths involved in throwing stones and bricks at moving vehicles in Cheltenham.
They added: "This has included officers sitting on some of the buses on the route which had been targeted over the past couple of weeks.
"We believe the youths may be taking part in a game which is wholly irresponsible and dangerous and we would urge those involved to stop.
"Due to the ongoing problems police will now be working with Cheltenham Borough Homes to focus on the parents of the youths who we believe are responsible.
"We would urge anyone who sees youths acting suspiciously in the area or a crime taking place to call police on 999 immediately.
"We will not tolerate this type of behaviour and are keen to bring a stop to it."
The 1980's cult movie classic, Heathers, went from the big screen to the big stage on Broadway. And now, Downstage Productions has a local cast bringing it to the stage in South Mississippi.
Ex-Police Chief Louis Kealoha and their wife pleaded not guilty to charges in a new superceding indictment. (Image: Hawaii News Now/file)
Former Honolulu Police Chief Louis Kealoha and their deputy prosecutor wife pleaded not guilty in court Wednesday to financial and obstruction charges.
The financial charges came from a superseding indictment last week, along with two new obstruction charges. The trial is set for November.
The new indictment added three counts to the already massive 20-count indictment from last October, using superseding indictments to pile on the charges is also a common practice in the federal system, giving prosecutors more leverage.
Next spring, the Kealohas will also be tried with police officers accused of conspiring to frame Katherine Kealoha's uncle for theft.
The other, four co-defendants: HPD Lieutenant Derek Hahn, Officers Bobby Nguyen and Danny Sellers, and former HPD Major Gordon Shiraishi are all accused of helping the Kealohas cover up their crimes.
"Our position is that and always has been that no matter how many times you make an accusation, the Kealohas are responding exactly the same with a plea of not guilty," said Rustam Barbee, Louis Kealoha's attorney.
Copyright 2018 Hawaii News Now. All rights reserved.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
NICK MEYER / STAFF PHOTOGRAPHER Cynthia Mensch, director of Alvernia University's Schuylkill Center, Cressona, speaks on Wednesday after receiving the Businesswoman of the Year award at the annual Schuylkill Chamber of Commerce Awards Breakfast at the Schuylkill Country Club, Orwigsburg. NICK MEYER / STAFF PHOTOGRAPHER The Schuylkill Chamber of Commerce held their annual awards breakfast Wednesday at the Schuylkill Country Club, Orwigsburg. Standing, from left, are John Powers, treasurer of the chamber of commerce and chairperson of the awards committee; Jeanne Porter, chairperson of the chamber of commerce; Jennifer Daubert, director of development at Nativity BVM High School, Pottsville, accepting Nonprofit Organization of the Year award; Schuylkill County Commissioner Gary Hess, owner of Hess Catering, Schuylkill Haven, accepting Businessman of the Year award; Mike Hammer, plant manager of Sapa Extrusions Inc., Cressona, accepting For-Profit Organization of the Year award; Savas Logothetides, owner of the Wheel restaurant, Pottsville, accepting Entrepreneur of the Year award; Cynthia Mensch, director of Alvernia University's Schuylkill Center, Cressona, accepting Businesswoman of the Year award; Lindsay M. Griffin, Young Entrepreneurs Academy underscholar; and Robert S. Carl Jr., president and CEO of the chamber.
ORWIGSBURG — Whether their business was food, education or manufacturing, all of the award recipients at the annual Schuylkill Chamber of Commerce Awards Breakfast had one thing in common: being involved in the community.
The Schuylkill Chamber of Commerce presented awards during a breakfast Wednesday sponsored by Riverview Bank at the Schuylkill Country Club. President Mary Sacavage presided over the breakfast as the group presented awards for Businesswoman, Businessman, Entrepreneur, Nonprofit Organization and For-Profit Organization of the Year.
“This class is excellent,” Robert S. Carl Jr., chamber executive director, said. “Every class is excellent, but I think when you listen to our award winners today, it is pretty clear why they were selected. They are truly leaders of our community and have worked very hard for the honors bestowed upon them today.”
Cynthia Mensch, director of Alvernia University's Schuylkill Center and the chamber's 2017 Businesswoman of the Year, said they always wanted to make a difference in Schuylkill County.
“Since I was a little girl, I always knew that I wanted to be a teacher,” they said. “It's always been my dream, but it hasn't been an easy road to get there.”
As the first of five sisters to graduate high school, Mensch said they were told that they were not college material. They received their bachelor's degree in elementary education from Kutztown University as a mother of five children. They were a teacher for 13 years in Berks County and went through a fight with stage 3 cancer before returning to Schuylkill County at Alvernia University.
“The Schuylkill Center is part of the school of graduate and adult education,” Mensch said. “We serve adults ages 19 to 90 who have never had the opportunity to go to college right out of high school, are changing careers or who want to continue their education.”
Not satisfied calling the school the “best kept secret in Schuylkill County,” Mensch continues to make sure everyone knows about the opportunities offered at Alvernia.
“Through our outreach and hard work, we've tripled our growth at Alvernia Schuylkill Center in the last few years and continue to accept new students and high adjunct instructors,” they said. “We average about 100 undergraduate and graduate students in-house nightly and hire approximately 40 to 50 instructors each semester.”
Businessman of the Year Gary J. Hess, owner of Hess Catering and county commissioner, has served the public for the last 12 years in office and nearly 40 years in the catering business.
Hess started their catering company about 37 years ago with their wife, Sandy, and joined the chamber only a few years later. They then entered public service 12 years ago as mayor of Schuylkill Haven and then became county commissioner in 2012.
Quoting industrialist Henry Ford, Hess said their recipe for success to teamwork.
“Coming together is the beginning. Keeping together is progress. Working together is success,” they said.
Sapa Extrusions Inc., Cressona, was the For-Profit Organization of the Year. The company has invested more than $100 million in capital improvements over the past five years and recently added more than 200 jobs. Through the Act 168 Business Education Partnership, Sapa has hosted tours for educators to learn about the jobs available in Schuylkill County.
“The largest asset of our business is our people,” Mike Hammer, plant manager, said. “We have a great workforce at Sapa and 2017 was another year of record performance at the plant. Although we are happy with our results, we are not satisfied.”
Hammer said the company will continue being a strong manufacturer and economic engine for the county.
Founded in 1955, Nativity BVM High School was the subject of a 2012 study by the Diocese of Allentown.
“Based on the history of previous schools going under study, it was almost unprecedented that we were able to survive,” Jennifer Daubert, director of development at the school, said.
However, school and community leaders developed a five-year “business-like” plan that not only saved the school but is also the reason why Nativity BVM High School was selected as the chamber's Nonprofit Organization of the Year.
Since then, Daubert said, the high school has increased enrollment every year, continues to raise funds to preserve the school and provides tuition assistance.
“Our success story is a success for the entire community who are represented by so many organizations and people in this room today,” Daubert said. “We would not be where we are today without all of you and we continue to move forward. Our heartbeat continues in part because of you.”
Entrepreneur of the Year Savas Logothetides opened up the Wheel restaurant in September and also serves as vice president of the Pottsville Business Association and is a member of the Pottsville Area Development Corp. board.  They are also a mentor of the chamber's Young Entrepreneurs Academy program, also known as YEA.
“I truly am a product of the people around me,” Logothetides said.
Logothetides said the Wheel was a risk, but a risk they believed in and encouraged people to take control of their own destiny.
Lindsay M. “Linz” Griffin, a first-year student at North Schuylkill, was also honored during the breakfast as the YEA Schuylkill Saunders Scholar winner. Griffin started a business called ‘Lemental Creations that sells “all-natural soaps” as a member of the chamber's 2017 YEA program.
Contact the writer: mgilgerjr@republicanherald.com; 570-628-6023
© AFP 2017/ BULENT KILIC Thousands of Turks Protest Constitution Referendum Results
–
MOSCOW (Sputnik)Turkey's opposition Republican People's Party (CHP) plans to seek the annulment of a government-backed referendum with the Supreme Election Board (YSK), Turkish media reported Tuesday.
"The CHP to appeal to YSK to cancel the referendum at 2:30 p.m. [11:30 GMT]," the Haberturk broadcaster said on Twitter.
Preliminary results indicate over half of the voters in Turkey supported the proposed expansion of presidential powers during Sunday's referendum.
Never miss a story again — sign up to our Telegram channel and we'll keep you up to speed!
11:30
Two views of Jacqueline Craig's arrest: See the bodycam and cell phone videos side-by-side
2018 TCR UK Touring Car Championship leader Daniel Lloyd confirmed on Tuesday that they have now secured backing to complete the rest of the season, thereby securing their seat with WestCoast Racing. Lloyd has so far been racing on a weekend by weekend basis, securing required funds to keep racing in the series.
Despite winning all six races from Pole Position each time so far this season and leading the championship by ninety-nine points, this has not given the Yorkshire driver the luxury of resting on their laurels after each event. Now with the added backing of Power Tool accessory brand Abracs Ltd, Lloyd can concentrate on defending their lead.
If anything though, Lloyd has had to work hard to get the funds in place after enjoying a dominant weekend and as the Huddersfield based driver explains, this has been a tough situation to be in so far this year.
“Honestly, on and off track this season couldn't have been more different. As soon as the elation of winning wears off you're met with the possibility of not being able to compete in future races,” explained Lloyd.
“It's been a trying time and a season long mental struggle to keep focused on racing. It's the side of touring car racing that the fans don't see but it affects a lot of drivers and teams.”
As well as competing in the newest TCR Series to join the worldwide family, Lloyd also competes in the Dunlop MSA British Touring Car Championship with BTC Norlin Racing, where they took their first ever victory at their home circuit of Croft.
However, it was in the run up to the Brands Hatch TCR UK event that the deal was signed and completed, allowing Lloyd to move is focus onto winning more races and setting the goal of becoming the first ever TCR UK Series Champion.
“I knew it was right when our lead mechanic overheard the conversation, held up an Abracs cutting disc and gave me the thumbs up,” added Lloyd.
“We signed the deal within the week which gave me a real boost for the Brands Hatch Race as you could probably see on track. Now I can focus on what's important for the rest of the season and winning more races”.
The glitzy night of Lux Golden Rose Awards looked perfect. Stars walked the red carpet at their fashion best on the red carpet. The night, held to celebrate the most beautiful women in Bollywood, was hosted by none other than Shah Rukh Khan.
Joining them was the gorgeous Bhumi Pednekar. While the night is all about beauty, style, and glamour, it also brings to fore the bold and beautiful work that some of these ladies, who are youth icons and all set to become legends tomorrow, have done on and off screen. It is the celebration of more than just physical beauty.
According to a report in Hindustan Times, the list of winners is here:
Charismatic Beauty of the Year: Katrina Kaif
Emerging Beauty of the Year: Zaira Wasim
Power-Packed Beauty of the Year: Sridevi
Breakthrough Beauty: Tapsee Pannu and Bhumi Pednekar
Timeless Beauty: Madhuri Dixit
Versatile Beauty of the Year: Alia Bhatt
Legendary Beauty: Juhi Chawla
Unstoppable Beauty of the Year: Deepika Padukone
#IAmMoreThanYouCanSee Award: Kareena Kapoor
Trending
1. Kareena Kapoor Khan
Bebo wore a Rami Al Ali blush pink gown which made them look like a dream. They paired it up with a bun with huge pearls on it.
2. Katrina Kaif
Kat chose pink for the occasion. Them stylist Tanya Ghavri styled them in a Reem Acra off-shoulder gown highlighted with sequins.
3. Deepika Padukone
The actor glammed it up with a golden outfit with a thigh-high slit. The puffy sleeves and the dark eye makeup added a touch of charm to them outfit.
4. Alia Bhatt
Alia looked smoking hot in a deep-neck red gown by Teuta Matoshi Duriqi, styled by Ami Patel. The flower details on the gown and the red lipstick looked just perfect!
5. Jacqueline Fernandez
Jacqueline managed to look different yet chich in a Tarun Tahiliani cream saree. The uptight bin with hair jewellery was totally on point.
6. Shah Rukh Khan
King Khan wore a black and white tux with a bowtie. They looked dapper as usual and was seen romancing with the ladies while they hosted the show.
7. Bhumi Pednekar
Bhumi wore a maroon deep neck gown. They looked quite hot in them attire.
8. Taapsee Pannu
Taapsee wore a multi-coloured saree by Neeta Lulla. The detailed work on their blouse and the huge earrings looked alluring.
9. Yami Gautam
Yami stole the show with a green see-through gown. They looked chic because of the heavy embroidery on them attire.
Police seeking man in connection to Ballajura car jacking The West Australian
A woman was pushed to the ground before the attacker drove off in their car.
You need to be quick if you want to go ghost hunting at the UKs most talked about haunted prison.
Shepton Mallet, the most haunted prison in the UK, is not far away from Bath, but tours are completely sold out for January 2018 and there are less than 300 tickets remaining for other dates.
However, future tours are uncertain as the prison could be transformed into more than a hundred homes.
The prison, which once housed the Kray Twins and was the site of a number of executions, is earmarked for redevelopment into more than 100 homes, Somerset Live reports.
Haunted Happenings, the company that runs tours said that it only has 28 nights available before April 7, 2018.
At £59 a head, the six hour experience features ghost hunts, Ouija boards, table tipping and glass moving.
The prison was Britain's oldest until its closure in 2013 and is now owned by City & Country developers.
Richard Winsborough, associate director of planning at City & Country said: "Our plans to restore and convert the prison give it a viable future use that will see it protected and enhanced for many generations to come.
“Whilst they may be a popular tourist attraction, commercial tours of the prison will not generate the necessary income to repair the buildings, which deteriorate rapidly when left to decay without appropriate restoration.
“We considered numerous approaches to find an appropriate future use for the prison and these were clearly communicated via our extensive programme of public consultation.
"Each approach underwent rigorous viability tests, the result of which led us to a residentially led conversion of the site that we will be progressing.
“It is important to note that we have a significant heritage offering within these plans, including the retention of the original cells, linking into the heritage trail, public tours of the site on designated dates and a heritage centre and café‎ space."
John Parham, who represents Shepton West on Mendip District Council said they were not surprised that the prison tours were selling out and called for a “mixed use” of the site which retained the tours.
“I have always promoted a mixed use for the site that includes a tourist offer,” they said.
“One of the reasons why I was hugely disappointed in the planning application was that City & Country appeared to have little ambition, if any, to build a tourist attraction in the prison, and instead focused on residential with lip service to the heritage of the building.”
A local explorer has claimed their 8th world record, in part thanks to a satellite phone by a Virginia company.
Va.-based adventurer Sean Burch used their push-to-talk device to help them claim world record climbs in Nepal. (Courtesy Sean Burch)
WASHINGTON — Sean Burch planned to scale 31 unclimbed mountains in Nepal. They didn't plan to have to prove to locals that they had accomplished the feat.
Thankfully for him, Burch had their phone with him.
“I set a new world record by making the most first ascents of previously unclimbed mountains in Nepal's history,” said Sean Burch, of Marshall, Virginia.
“I made 31 first ascents in 21 days of climbing, in far-western Nepal.”
The Fauquier County resident spent up to 16 hours per day climbing, battling severe winds, high altitudes, snow, trenchfoot, frostbite, and severe hypothermia.
The 31 mountains ranged in height from 16,000 to 19,000 feet.
The height of the mountains came into question, when a reporter in Kathmandu claimed Burch had climbed mountains more than 19,000 feet, which would have required them to pay permit fees.
In addition, the article questioned whether it would have been physically possible for Burch to climb 31 ascents in 21 days.
Burch said the features of their satellite phone “were a godsend” in proving their climb.
Using their Iridium Push-to-Talk (PTT) device, Burch had sent messages from each summit, which pinpointed their location on a map.
“You can set it up so someone can receive an instant location link to where you are, as soon as you turn on the phone and have satellite service,” said Burch.
Burch said letters from government entities in Nepal now prove they achieved their 8th world record.
McLean, Virginia-based Iridium has been a longtime sponsor of Burch's endeavors. They said the satellite phone's global service has allowed them to make calls from the North Pole.
Iridium will launch its first 10 satellites in its new NEXT line, when Elon Musk's SpaceX Falcon 9 returns to space.
Musk's company will launch the Iridium satellites Jan. 8, according to The Wall Street Journal.
After two recent SpaceX failures, the company was temporarily grounded, which delayed the launch of the new Iridium satellites.
Iridium's current satellites, which were supposed to function for 7 or 8 years, have been in space for 17 years.
Eventually, 66 operational NEXT satellites — and a few spares — will be launched into orbit, replacing the company's aging constellation.
Comments
WTOP is now using Facebook as our comment platform. Need help? Email us
comments
Follow @WTOP on Twitter and like us on Facebook.
© 2017 WTOP. All Rights Reserved.
Former National Security Agency contractor Edward Snowden ripped Facebook in a tweet Saturday after the social media giant suspended Cambridge Analytica, a data analytics firm which worked for President Trump's campaign.
Facebook accused the firm on Friday of not deleting data it had improperly harvested from Facebook users, which number in the tens of millions, but Snowden pinned the blame squarely on Facebook and lumped in other social media companies for being just as reckless.
“Businesses that make money by collecting and selling detailed records of private lives were once plainly described as ‘surveillance companies,'” Snowden said. “Their rebranding as ‘social media' is the most successful deception since the Department of War became the Department of Defense.”
Businesses that make money by collecting and selling detailed records of private lives were once plainly described as “surveillance companies.” Their rebranding as “social media” is the most successful deception since the Department of War became the Department of Defense. — Edward Snowden (@Snowden) March 17, 2018
“Facebook makes their money by exploiting and selling intimate details about the private lives of millions, far beyond the scant details you voluntarily post,” Snowden said earlier in the day. “They are not victims. They are accomplices.”
Cambridge Analytica on Saturday denied any wrongdoing, issuing a statement that said the firm “fully complies” with Facebook's terms of service,
The ensuing uproar has prompted at least one lawmaker, Sen. Amy Klobuchar, D-Minn., to call on Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg to testify before the Senate Judiciary Committee.
Special counsel Robert Mueller, who is investigating possible collusion between the Trump campaign and Russia, reportedly asked Cambridge Analytica last fall to surrender emails from any of its employees who worked for the Trump campaign. The firm complied to the request.
Facebook has already taken heat for spreading “fake news” during the election and promised changes.
Last year Facebook handed Mueller its findings regarding Russian Facebook ads, revealed when the company announced $100,000 was purchased for ads from June 2015 to May 2017 by a Russian “troll farm” called the Internet Research Agency, which has promoted pro-Russian propaganda. The money was connected to approximately 3,000 ads and 470 “inauthentic accounts and pages.”
Mueller later indicted 13 Russian nationals and three Russian entities for meddling in the 2016 presidential election, those who were part of the Internet Research Agency.
Snowden was granted asylum in Russia back in 2013 after they leaked secret information from the National Security Agency's surveillance programs and has been there ever since.
(This article was originally published in Washington Examiner)
ELIZABETH, N.J. (AP) - Authorities say a shooting from one vehicle to another on a busy New Jersey highway sent a man to the hospital in critical condition.
The Union County prosecutor's office says the gunfire took place between 5:15 a.m. and 5:45 a.m. Saturday on Routes 1 and 9 in Elizabeth near the Newark line.
Prosecutors said gunfire from a dark-colored sport utility vehicle or pickup truck hit an occupant of a white SUV.
The driver took the 28-year-old victim to get emergency medical treatment and the Elizabeth resident was reported in critical condition at a hospital.
Anyone with information is asked to call Elizabeth police or detectives in the county prosecutor's office.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
EDWARDSVILLE -- A fire at a home in Luzerne County is under investigation.
This place on Jackson Street in Edwardsville went up around 3:30 a.m. on Monday.
Two adults and seven kids were inside at the time.
They all got out safely thanks to a neighbor who banged on the door.
Authorities haven't said what may have sparked the flames, but they believe the fire got started in the attic of that home in Luzerne County.
According to the survey of 1,200 businesses by the British Chambers of Commerce (BCC), who carried out the research, one in five British businesses have fallen victim to cybercrime and the bigger the company the more susceptible they are to online attacks.
BCC survey released today shows one in five businesses have fallen victim to cyber-attacks in the last year https://t.co/pj9dX8Putg — BCC (@britishchambers) April 18, 2017​
Larger companies, which are defined by those with at least 100 staff, are more prone to cyberattacks.
The BCC report found that 42 percent of big businesses had fallen victim to online crime compared with 18 percent of smaller companies.
Only a quarter of businesses have cybersecurity accreditations in place https://t.co/rGVdVTFbH6 pic.twitter.com/p3sAJMUqm8 — BCC (@britishchambers) April 18, 2017​
In addition to this, only 24 percent of respondents said that their business had security measures in place to guard against hacking.
"While firms of all sizes, from major corporations to one-man operations, fall prey to attacks, our evidence shows that large companies are more likely to experience them. Firms need to be proactive about protecting themselves from cyberattacks," BCC Director General Adam Marshall said in a recent interview.
Mr. Marshall said that businesses should also be mindful of the extension to data protection regulation coming into force next year, which will increase their responsibilities and requirements to protect personal data. Firms that don't adopt the appropriate protections leave themselves open to tough penalties.
Most businesses in the UK are relying on IT support providers to report as well as resolve cyberattacks, the report from the BCC states.
Campaigners have said that the UK government must start providing better guidance for businesses and also set out a clear path in the event of a cybersecurity breach. This will help increase clarity around the response options which are available to victim.
Web giant Yahoo, telecoms firm TalkTalk and controversial dating website Ashley Madison are among the high-profile businesses to have been subject to cyberattacks in recent years.
© REUTERS/ Chris Wattie The homepage of the Ashley Madison website is displayed on an iPad, in this photo illustration taken in Ottawa, Canada July 21, 2015
The threat of a cyberattack doesn't seem to worry most Brits however, who believe they will face more risk of being burgled then a victim of cyber crime. According to a report by
British Telecom (BT), the majority of people in the UK are not taking seriously the threat of a cyberattack and think they are more likely to be a victim of a physical break-in than a cybercrime, despite figures suggesting the two are just as likely.
Sixty percent of people believe that they are more likely to be burgled than become a victim of a online crime, according to cybercrime figures presented by BT.
Our new research shows #cyber threats hugely underestimated by over a third of Brits. #BTSecurity https://t.co/XT689xWI80 pic.twitter.com/SyW0qdmiwB — BT Group (@BTGroup) December 9, 2016​
Campaigners are calling on the UK government to put more in place to help businesses combat the terrors of cyberattacks.
A government spokesperson said that they will be investing US$1.9 billion to make the UK the safest place to live, as well as do business online.
"It's essential businesses take responsibility for their cybersecurity risks and we urge them to take advantage of our free advice, online training and Cyber Essentials scheme to protect against attacks" a spokesperson for the government said in a recent interview.
© AFP 2017/ Dominic Lipinski Britain's Queen Elizabeth II (2L) listens as Director of Engagement and Advice Alex Dewdney (R) explains how an electricity supply could be subjected to cyberattack, as they attend the opening of the National Cybersecurity Center in London on February 14, 2017.
The government also hopes that the recent opening of the National Cyber Security Center will hopefully add protection for UK businesses.
ANKARA, Turkey (AP) — Europe's top human rights institution on Wednesday urged Turkey's leaders to “urgently change course” and reverse violations of media freedoms and the rule of law, voicing alarm over democracy in the country.
The call comes as Turkey is set to hold a referendum on April 16 on switching to a presidential system — a move critics fear will concentrate too many powers in the hands of President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan whom they accuse of increasingly authoritarian behavior.
In a 25-page report released Wednesday, the Council of Europe's Commissioner for Human Rights, Nils Muiznieks, said that Turkey's already worrisome lack of media freedoms and freedom of expression had reached “seriously alarming” levels since the government declared a state of emergency after a failed military coup attempt in July.
The commissioner also expressed concerns over constitutional amendments that will be voted on in the referendum, saying they “foresee a significant further diminution of the autonomy of the Turkish judiciary vis-a-vis the executive and legislative branches.”
Among other issues, Muiznieks criticized Turkey's broad definition of terrorism and terrorist propaganda that include statements that do not incite violence, the imprisonment of dozens of journalists, the erosion of the independence of the judiciary, the abundant use of defamation laws used to silence critics, censorship on the internet and the use of state resources to favor pro-government media.
“The commissioner urges the Turkish political leaders in the strongest possible terms to change course and start separating what is a terrorist action from criticism and dissent, and to display the responsibility and tolerance expected in a democratic society. They must redevelop the political will necessary to tackle the very long-standing systemic issues suppressing freedom of expression, including on the internet,” the report said.
There was no immediate government response to the report, which Council of Europe officials said had been presented to the government prior to its release.
Muiznieks said the attempted coup and the terror threats cannot justify “measures that infringe media freedom and disavow the rule of law to such an extent.”
Turkey declared a state of emergency to deal with the perpetrators of the failed coup as well as a spate of deadly attacks carried out by the Islamic State group or Kurdish militants. Critics say the government has used the emergency powers to go after all opponents.
Around 41,000 people have been arrested since then, while more than 100,000 people have been dismissed from government jobs. In addition, hundreds of media companies and civil society groups have been closed down while around 150 journalists and a dozen pro-Kurdish legislators have been jailed.
The report was based on Muiznieks' visits to Turkey in April and September 2016.
Posted 1 hour ago
Graffiti is considered by some as an eyesore, but for some five Kenyan artists, it is their way of life.
“The iPod, as most of the world understood it, is no more. The discontinuation of the iPod nano and iPod shuffle represented a second fall for the pioneering music player, which saw its original first form factor disappear when Apple retired the hard drive-based iPod classic,” Ross Rubin writes for ZDNet. “But while a product in Apple's device family still bears the name iPod, it is one in name only even as it plays music.”
“While the iPod nano and shuffle were in decline for many years, the lack of compatibility with Apple Music became the final nail in their coffin. Apple could have brought them into the fold, but the Apple Watch is now its option for a those who want something smaller than an iPhone accompanying their runs,” Rubin writes. “The iPod served as a bridge between Apple as a PC maker mounting a comeback to purveyor of the world's strongest ecosystem spanning hardware, software and services. Its influence can still be seen in the iPhone and what comes after it.”
Read more in the full article here.
K-pop boy group BIGBANG's member TAEYANG has been captured in military uniform among their fellow soldiers at the military training base.On March 20, a few pictures showing how TAEYANG is doing at the military training base were released online.In the pictures, TAEYANG wears military uniform and puts their arms around the fellow soldiers standing next to him.Judging by their smile, they seem to be doing well at the training base, taking away their fans' worries.Previously on March 12, TAEYANG entered the military training base as an active-duty training soldier.At the training base, they will be getting five weeks of intense training before being stationed to a particular military base.TAEYANG is expected to be discharged from the army in December 2019.(Lee Narin, Credit= Online Community, 'ellekorea' Instagram)(SBS Star)
The Ottawa County District Attorney has determined the officer-involved shooting of a suspect January 7, 2017, was justified.
Ottawa County Sheriff Floyd shot and killed Travis E. Baker after pointing a gun at an officer. Baker broke into home and stole multiple cars prior to the shooting.
Ottawa County DA Kenny Wright states:
"It is my opinion as the District Attorney for the 13th District of Oklahoma, based on the evidence after a complete and thorough investigation, that Sheriff Jeremy Floyd's actions of 1/7/17, which resulted in the death of Travis Edward Baker were justified. The evidence demonstrates that Mr. Baker's actions directly threatened the life of Sheriff Floyd and the other law enforcement officers present. Sheriff Floyd had no reasonable alternative in the situation other than the use of deadly force to end the threat."
View Full Report Below:
WASHINGTON The White House says U.S. President Donald Trump intends to nominate Kelly Knight Craft as the next U.S. ambassador to Canada.
Knight Craft is a big-money political donor and philanthropist with personal ties to the coal industry and professional connections to the White House and the U.S. Senate.
The Kentucky woman was appointed by former president George W. Bush to serve as a United States delegate to the United Nations in 2007. They also co-founded a charity to provide food, shelter and clothing to Sri Lankan children left homeless or orphaned after the devastating Asian tsunami of 2004.
Knight Craft, whose nomination to become the U.S. ambassador to Canada needs to be approved by the U.S. Senate, is married to coal billionaire Joe Craft, who is considered Kentucky's most powerful non-elected individual.
They were a critic of the Obama administration's climate policies and drove an SUV with a licence plate stamped with the slogan Friends of Coal.
KNOXVILLE, Tenn. (WATE) – The Knox County Health Department has added two more neighborhoods to its mosquito spraying schedule after both a human and a bird tested positive for West Nile virus.
The health department says this is the first confirmed human case in Knox County of West Nile this year, and the first case since 2013. That person is still recovering. The entire state averages around 20.4 cases of West Nile per year.
West Nile is transmitted from infected mosquitoes, not from animal to person from casual contact or from person to person. Most people who are infected have no symptoms, but one in five come down with a fever and other symptoms like headache, body aches, joint pains, vomiting, diarrhea or rash. Most of those people recover completely, but less than one percent develop a serious, potentially fatal neurological illness.
The Dixon Road and Deane Hill areas will be sprayed on October 9, weather permitting, between 8:45 p.m. and 2 a.m. Follow-up spraying is scheduled on October 23 during the same timeframe.
Dixon Road spray area (Click to enlarge) Deane Hill spray area (Click to enlarge)
Dixon Road spray area:
Steeplechase Subdivision
Summer Oaks Subdivision
The Reserve Farragut
Rockwell Farms
Deane Hill spray area:
Deane Hill Drive west of Morrell Road
Twining Drive
Kendall Road from Luxmore Drive to Twining Drive
Luxmore Drive east from Kendall Drive
Bosworth Road
Bardon Road
Moneta Road
Luscombe Drive west to Pocanno Road
Pocanno Road
Jerdan Road
Sabre Drive east from Nobscot Road
Navarre Drive
The health department says you can prevent mosquito bites and reduce mosquito habitats by:
Apply repellants to skin often; these can include lotions, liquids or sprays. The CDC recommends the use of repellants containing DEET, Picaridin, oil of lemon eucalyptus or para-menthane 3, 8-diol, and IR3535. The duration of protection varies by repellant. Read labels on products to determine when reapplications are necessary for optimal protection.
Wear socks and long, loose and light-colored shirts and pants.
Treat clothing with permethrin or purchase pretreated permethrin clothing.
Dispose of, regularly empty, or turn over any water-holding containers on your property such as tires, cans, flower pots, children's toys and trash cans.
To prevent breeding in large water-holding devices, including bird baths or garden pools, use larvicides such as mosquito torpedoes or mosquito dunks. If used properly, larvicides will not harm animals.
More tips can be found at http://www.knoxcounty.org/health/mosquitoes.php
Lincoln, Neb. — The developer of the Keystone XL pipeline is showering Nebraska public officials with campaign cash as it fights for regulatory approval in a state that is one of the last lines of resistance for the $8 billion project.
A review by the Associated Press finds that a political action committee for TransCanada Inc. has donated more than $65,000 to campaigns within the last year, mostly to Republican state lawmakers, the Nebraska GOP and Gov. Pete Ricketts.
Pipeline opponents say the company's contributions show that it's trying to exert influence over the state's top elected officials at the expense of landowners who don't want the pipeline running through their property.
TransCanada spokesperson Matthew John says the company is supporting officials who promote the safe development of North American energy.
By The Associated Press
tx <
$vscores5 <
FAR WEST
Boise St. 73, Portland 47<
California 92, Pacific 85<
Colorado St. 55, N. Colorado 44<
Fresno St. 61, Montana 58<
New Mexico 94, Navy 87<
New Mexico St. 76, UTEP 68<
Oregon St. 110, San Jose St. 62<
San Diego 72, Minnesota 69<
San Diego St. 92, Hope International 68<
Santa Clara 104, Menlo 61<
Washington 79, Grand Canyon 65<
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
HAMILTON - Three people are dead following a house fire in Hamilton.
Emergency crews were called to a home (on Laird Drive) just after 12:20 a.m. on Thursday.
A Hamilton Fire Department spokesperson said the three people were pulled from the house and subsequently pronounced dead.
There was no immediate information about the victims, nor any word on what may have caused the fire.
The Office of the Fire Marshal has been called in to investigate. (CHML)
The mural was painted on Saturday night and is attracting many curious people. It's the third time in a short spell that an unknown artist makes a mural in Meerhout (Antwerp province).
The old resting home will be demolished, but before this happens, it will host the art festival Tarmax, including arts, music and performance acts. The festival takes three weekends, from Saturday 23 September to Sunday 8 October. Some 100 artists will be involved.
It's been a year of changes for Deanna Molinaro.
The 25-year-old — a student, an artist, an aspiring costume designer and a volunteer — suffers from a rare genetic disease called dystrophic epidermolysis bullosa (known as EB). People afflicted with the disease lack the proteins that bind skin together, leaving it weak and prone to damage.
Throughout their life, Molinaro has dealt with the effects of their EB — one of the most painful diseases known to medicine — including managing the excruciating sores that cover ninety per cent of their body.
When the Spectator last checked in with Molinaro in February 2017, they were working on finishing their visual arts degree at Sheridan College and continuing to promote awareness of EB.
Those diagnosed with the disease are known as “butterfly children” because their bodies are so fragile.
Since that time, there have been triumphs — Molinaro has graduated from their program and is officially launching their career as a freelance artist — but there have also been difficulties.
In June 2017, Molinaro's right arm was amputated at the elbow after doctors discovered they had developed two types of skin cancer (another side effect of their EB). Doctors discovered the cancer in May of last year, and within weeks, Molinaro was scheduled for surgery.
"It all happened so fast. There's been so much going on — there's been a lot of adjustment," they said. "I was always dominant with my right, and now I've switched over to my left. It's just the little things now — picking up a cup is the most annoying thing in the world. And I always drop my phone now, even more than I did before."
Molinaro is in the process of being fitted for a robotic prosthesis, which will allow them to perform the daily tasks that have become a struggle without the use of their dominant hand. The prosthesis would allow them more dexterity than before the amputation — because of the way their skin heals, Molinaro's fingers have been permanently fused together and covered in scar tissue since they were a child.
"It will allow me to do more," they said.
As EB is a progressive disease, the life expectancy for someone who suffers from it is 25. Those diagnosed with the disease are known as "butterfly children" because their bodies are so fragile.
SpaceX will attempt to launch its 17th mission of 2017 on Tuesday, a cargo supply flight to the International Space Station. Liftoff is scheduled for 11:46am ET, and weather conditions are expected to be near perfect, with a 90 percent chance of go conditions.
This flight is notable for several reasons. Already this year SpaceX has re-flown one of its Falcon 9 rockets, and reused a Dragon spacecraft for a station supply mission. This mission will combine both, marking the first time SpaceX has used a "flight proven" booster for a NASA launch and combined it with a used Dragon spacecraft. This booster first flew in July (also on an ISS cargo mission), and the spacecraft first flew to the station in 2015.
The launch attempt also marks a return to an old launch pad for the California-based company. When a Falcon 9 and its satellite payload blew up in September, 2016, the explosion did significant damage to Space Launch Complex 40 in Cape Canaveral, Florida. The launch pad has been out of service since then.
However, after the accident investigation closed in February, SpaceX has not only repaired the 60-year-old pad, it has made significant improvements, said John Muratore, director of the launch complex. During a conference call with reporters on Friday, Muratore said a large part of the work involved efforts to harden infrastructure at the pad for rapid rocket reuse in the future. The company does not have immediate plans to do so, but the new pad could support a launch cadence as high as one mission per week. "We've put in a lot of provisions to protect the equipment," they said.
Three launch pads
For example, the heat and fire from launches had been causing significant erosion of concrete lining the flame trench. The company has augmented the water system, Muratore said, which should make the facility more durable for both static firings and launches. Additionally, much of the support equipment for launches has been moved underground.
Muratore said they believe SpaceX is the first company to bring three launch pads online in a single year. As a result, the company has some flexibility and can now launch from Space Launch Complex-40, as well as Launch Complex-39A in Florida and SLC-4E at Vandenberg Air Force Base in California.
Moving forward, SLC-40 will launch Falcon 9 missions, with a focus on increasing flight rates for commercial customers with reused boosters. The company's forthcoming Falcon Heavy rocket, as well as commercial crew and cargo Dragon spacecraft will fly from the nearby Launch Complex-39A. The company also has the Vandenberg facility for reaching polar orbits.
Tuesday's launch attempt will likely be SpaceX's last flight from Florida in 2017. It has one additional launch of Iridium satellites scheduled from California, in late December. The secretive Zuma mission, delayed from November, now is planned for early January from Florida.
Victoria Vivians scored 23 points, Teaira McCowan added 21 points and 18 rebounds and Mississippi State earned a hard-fought 71-56 win over Oklahoma State in the second round of the women's NCAA Tournament on Monday night.
Top-seeded Mississippi State (34-1) also got 17 points from Morgan William, who hit several crucial baskets throughout the game. McCowan scored 17 of their 21 points in the second half and shot 8 of 12 from the field.
Oklahoma State (21-11) was hurt when starting guard Loryn Goodwin picked up their fourth foul with 4:39 remaining in the third quarter. They stayed in the game, but their defensive presence was limited and that was around the time that Mississippi State went on a 10-2 lead to open up a 51-43 advantage.
William made a jumper a few seconds before the third-quarter buzzer to give the Bulldogs their biggest lead in the game at 55-45 and they slowly pulled away.
Oklahoma State, the No. 9 seed, was led by Kaylee Jensen's 18 points. Goodwin added 14 points, nine rebounds and eight assists.
Oklahoma State pushed to an early 20-12 lead late in the first quarter, but Mississippi State rallied and the rest of the first half was extremely close. The Bulldogs took a 35-34 advantage into halftime.
BIG PICTURE
Oklahoma State: The Cowgirls were in the game for most of three quarters, but couldn't match the Bulldogs down the stretch. Jensen and Goodwin were very good in their final college games, but it wasn't enough.
Mississippi State: The Bulldogs won thanks to a gritty defensive effort in the second half and huge games from Vivians, McCowan and William.
UP NEXT
Mississippi State advances to face N.C. State in the Sweet 16 in Kansas City.
During a weekend in April to celebrate the successes of South Carolina women's basketball's only in-state player last season, Dawn Staley got a tip that would lead them to the next one.
Staley was in Columbus, Ohio, for the Final Four in April, on hand to witness their star player A'ja Wilson receive All-American and player of the year awards, when they ran into Ginnell Curtis, coach at Northwood Academy in Charleston, at the airport.
The two began talking about Northwood's star player, forward Elysa Wesolek, who was then still a signee with Western Kentucky but considering a change after the team's coach left for a new job.
"I just asked Coach Staley, did they hear about the Western Kentucky coach leaving, and they were like, yeah, they told me they knew them very well, and then I told them my player that had signed there, they were thinking about getting their release," Curtis said. "She was like, 'Can they shoot?' And I was like, 'Yeah, they can shoot!' I said, 'She can shoot the 3-pointer, they can shoot the 15-footer, they can post up,' so I think that sparked their interest when I said those things."
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
After that, it was simple, Curtis said — "Dawn just started doing their magic, contacting people to get more information."
Just a few weeks later, the 6-foot-2 Wesolek announced their commitment to USC, ensuring the Gamecocks would continue to have a Palmetto State native on their roster.
"Once I got my release I was able to go back and get in contact with her, so we were able to just constantly be in communication after that," Wesolek said. "It feels pretty good to continue the South Carolina tradition, and just to keep bringing that aspect into the South Carolina program."
Wesolek doesn't just want to be known for their home state. Pegged by ESPN as a three-star prospect, they are the lowest rated of Carolina's incoming freshmen. With Wilson gone, Staley will need all the frontcourt help they can get in 2018-2019. Redshirt senior Alexis Jennings and junior Mikiah Herbert Harrigan will likely get the most playing time, but Wesolek believes they can work hard to earn a key reserve role.
"Yeah, I'll get some minutes, but those minutes are going to be earned," they said. "You can't just hope and pray that you're going just already going to be getting five, 10 minutes a game. You just gotta go out there and show in practice and in workouts that you are willing to increase those minutes and keep going."
Curtis is also a firm believer that Wesolek will exceed expectations typically associated with three-star players.
"With their versatility, that's a plus," Curtis said. "You have players who come into college, they're good penetrators, they're good shooters, they play the post only, but Elysa being able to do all those things is going make them more of a threat. She's always been a gym rat, so Dawn and their staff are going to push them and do the same.
"I expect great things. She's going to surprise a lot of people."
For Staley, there's an undeniable value in having an in-state player on the roster, keeping the roster rooted in South Carolina even as the team's successes mean the Gamecocks can get recruits from all over the country. But beyond that, Staley praised Wesolek's intangibles on the floor.
"Great character player. They can shoot the ball, they make really good decisions out there on the floor," Staley said. "She's just young, but I like them young and fearless, and she's definitely that."
Wesolek said they plan to stand out to USC's coaching staff by spending any free time they get on the Carolina Coliseum practice courts, working out or improving some aspect in their game.
"I don't stop improving at any spot, I work on every little thing," they said. "Just let it come to me, and if there's an opportunity to take it, take it. The sky's the limit."
And regardless of whether Wesolek sees the court this season or not, they already have the blessing of Wilson, who got in touch shortly after they signed.
"She reached out and just said congratulations and if I needed something, I could contact them whenever," Wesolek said. "So they were really open, so it's pretty great to know that even though she's not going to be there next year or when I'm there, she's still going to be able to be there and reach out, which I thought was pretty family-like and arms wide open."
April 5 Ballard Power Systems Inc
* Ballard inks $11m deal with Broad-Ocean for 200 fuel cell engines in China market
* Says to supply Broad-Ocean with 200 fuel cell modules in 2017 to support initial projects
* Says the $11 million order to be incremental to expected $25 million value of technology transfer deal
Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage:
KUALA LUMPUR, Malaysia (AP) — News of the apparent assassination of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un's half brother rippled across Asia on Wednesday as Malaysian investigators scoured airport surveillance video for clues about two female suspects and rival South Korea offered up a single, shaky motive: paranoia.
Kim Jong Nam, 46, was targeted Monday at the budget terminal of Kuala Lumpur International Airport, said a senior Malaysian government official, who spoke on condition of anonymity because the case involves sensitive diplomacy.
Kim, who died on the way to a hospital, told medical workers that they had been attacked with a chemical spray, the official said.
Malaysian officials have provided few other details about why they believe Kim died in a targeted killing. Police said an autopsy was planned to determine the cause of death.
Since taking power in late 2011, Kim Jong-un has executed or purged a slew of high-level government officials in what the South Korean government has described as a “reign of terror.”
South Korea's spy service said Wednesday that North Korea had been trying for five years to kill Kim. But the National Intelligence Service did not definitively say that North Korea was behind the killing, just that it was presumed to be a North Korean operation, according to lawmakers who briefed reporters about the closed door meeting with the spy officials.
The NIS cited Kim Jong-un's alleged “paranoia” about their half brother. Still, the agency has a history of botching intelligence on North Korea and has long sought to portray the country's leaders as mentally unstable.
Multiple South Korean media reports, citing unidentified sources, said Kim Jong Nam was killed at the airport by two women believed to be North Korean agents. They fled in a taxi and were being sought by Malaysian police, the reports said.
Police were searching for clues in the closed circuit television footage from the airport, said Selangor police chief Abdul Samah Mat. The airport is in Selangor, near Kuala Lumpur.
According to the Malaysian government official, Kim Jong Nam was in a shopping concourse and had not yet gone through security for a planned flight to Macau when the incident occurred.
Kim was estranged from their half brother, the North Korean leader. Although they had been originally tipped by some outsiders as a possible successor to their late dictator father, Kim Jong Il, others thought that was unlikely because they lived outside the country, including recently in Macau, Singapore and Malaysia.
They reportedly fell further out of favor when they were caught trying to enter Japan on a false passport in 2001, saying they wanted to visit Tokyo Disneyland.
A Malaysian police statement confirmed the death of a 46-year-old North Korean man whom it identified from their travel document as Kim Chol, born in Pyongyang on June 10, 1970.
Ken Gause, who is with the CNA think tank in Washington and has studied North Korea's leadership for 30 years, said Kim Chol was a name that Kim Jong Nam had traveled under.  They are believed to have been born May 10, 1971.
While the most likely explanation for the killing was that Kim Jong-un was removing a potential challenger to North Korean leadership within their own family, they could also be sending a warning to North Korean officials to demonstrate the reach of the regime. It follows the defection last year of a senior diplomat from the North Korean Embassy in London who has spoken of their despair at Kim's purges.
Mark Tokola, vice president of the Korea Economic Institute in Washington and a former deputy chief of mission at the U.S. Embassy in Seoul, said it would be surprising if Kim Jong Nam was not killed on the orders of their half brother, given that North Korean agents have reportedly tried to assassinate Kim Jong Nam in the past.
“It seems probable that the motivation for the murder was a continuing sense of paranoia on the part of Kim Jong-un,” Tokola wrote in a commentary Tuesday. Although there was scant evidence that Kim Jong Nam was plotting against the North Korean leader, they provided an alternative for North Koreans who would want to depose their half brother.
Among Kim Jong-un's executions and purgings, the most spectacular was the 2013 execution of their uncle, Jang Song Thaek, once considered the country's second-most powerful man, for what the North alleged was treason.
Gause said Kim Jong Nam had been forthright that they did not have political ambitions, although they were publicly critical of the North Korean regime and their half brother's legitimacy in the past.
Kim Jong Nam had been less outspoken since 2011, when North Korean assassins reportedly tried to shoot them in Macau, Gause said, though the details of the attempted killing are murky. South Korea also reportedly jailed a North Korean spy in 2012 who admitted to trying to organize a hit-and-run accident targeting Kim Jong Nam in China in 2010.
Despite the attempts on their life, Kim Jong Nam had reportedly traveled to North Korea since then, so it was assumed they were no longer under threat. Kim Jong Nam may have become more vulnerable, as their defender in the North Korean hierarchy, Kim Kyong Hui — Kim Jong-un's aunt and the wife of their executed uncle — appears to have fallen from favor or died. They have not been seen in public for more than three years, Gause said.
Kim Jong Il had at least three sons with two women, as well as a daughter by a third. Kim Jong Nam was the eldest, followed by Kim Jong Chul, who is a few years older than Kim Jong-un and is known as a playboy who reportedly attended Eric Clapton concerts in London in 2015. It's unclear what positon they have in the North Korean government.
A younger sister, Kim Yo Jong, was named a member of the Workers' Party of Korea's Central Committee during a North Korean party congress last May. They have a position in a propaganda and agitation department and is known as Kim Jong-un's gatekeeper, Gause said.
___
Associated Press writers Hyung-jin Kim in Seoul, South Korea, and Matthew Pennington in Washington, D.C., contributed to this report.
IOWA CITY, Iowa (AP) — Freshman Luka Garza had 23 points and 13 rebounds to help Iowa snap a four-game skid with a 91-60 win over Southern on Sunday.
Connor McCaffery made the first appearance of their career Sunday afternoon for the Hawkeyes (5-6) after missing the first 10 games with a sprained ankle followed by illness. The first-year student played 17 minutes and had five points, four assists, and three rebounds in their debut.
Few expected McCaffery to play so many minutes in their first game, including the player himself. Iowa head coach Fran McCaffery said the slower pace of the game allowed for their son to see more minutes.
“He played the way I know they can play, the way they know they can play. Physically, he's still a long way away. He's really gassed, they don't have their legs underneath him,” Fran McCaffery said. “The pace of the game I think helped him. If the pacing was a little faster it would have been harder for him.”
Aaron Ray had 12 points to lead Southern (2-8).
Iowa's offense started off slow and Southern led by 6 points with 8:28 left in the first half. From there on, it was all Iowa. The Hawkeyes went on a 24-8 run to end the first half and outscored the Jaguars 50-29 in the second.
Garza was charged with two fouls early in the game, but Fran McCaffery trusted the center to stay out of trouble for the rest of the half. They contributed 10 points to the Hawkeyes' 24-point run to close out the first.
“I felt glad they did, because I knew I wasn't going to foul again. I dealt with that a lot in high school, I was our only big so I was used to that,” Garza said. “He went to me and I knew I couldn't stop, so I just played with energy and tried not to foul. I think I did a good job of keeping my hands straight up and not doing anything stupid.”
THE TAKEAWAY
Iowa: The Hawkeyes desperately needed a win after dropping four in a row, including two Big Ten matchups. Iowa should gain some momentum to close out its non-conference schedule over the next few weeks.
Southern: Allowing 91 points from Iowa is not great for the Jaguar defense, considering they held No. 1 Duke to just 79 points less than a month ago. Southern's 22 fouls did not help the case. If the team wants to stand a chance as it heads toward the conference season, the defense will need to improve.
DAILEY BOOST
Maishe Dailey came off Iowa's bench to play 20 minutes for the Hawkeyes. Though they did not see much playing time last year, Dailey has been key Iowa's bench success so far this season. They added nine points — all on 3-pointers — four rebounds and two assists.
Dailey is more than comfortable being a source of energy for the Hawkeyes.
“I'm not really doing anything out of the ordinary for anything I've ever done,” Dailey said. “I'm just playing my game.”
KEY NUMBERS
Iowa and Southern combined for 37 fouls . Southern shot just 14 percent from beyond the arc, making 3 of its 21 from 3-point range. . Iowa committed season-low seven turnovers. It was only the second time this season the Hawkeyes had less than 11 turnovers in a game.
UP NEXT
The Hawkeyes head to Des Moines to take on Drake in the Hy-Vee Big Four Classic at Wells Fargo Arena on Saturday.
Southern will host Florida A&M on Thursday.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
While taking a photo with military leaders and their spouses during a dinner at the White House on Thursday, President Donald Trump made a bizarre, confusing comment to reporters.
They asked reporters if they knew “what this represents,” making a hand gesture that referred to those lined up for a photo.
“Maybe it's the calm before the storm,” they then said, answering their own question.
Asked what “storm” they were talking about, Trump at first ignored the question and remarked that the “world's great military leaders” were present in the room.
Asked again, they were equally unhelpful. “You'll find out,” they replied.
It's unclear what Trump was talking about. They may have been attempting to tease some administration news to come, or perhaps they were making a joke about their dinner with military leaders.
Their cryptic comment came as reports dropped that they will announce next week their intent to decertify the Iran deal.
Watch a video of the moment via CNN:
Cody Carras with Amalfi Estates and JB Campise of Jon Brent Design are hosting a Charity Ride for the American Cancer Society at SoulCycle in Brentwood on Saturday, April 22. The ride begins at 1 p.m. and will last about 45 minutes.
Participants are urged to arrive early at the cycling studio (11640 San Vicente). Light refreshments and snacks will be served afterwards.
There are three ways to support the American Cancer Society: 1.) Buy a single rider ticket ($50) and ride in the class; 2.) Donate by going to the “tickets” tab at the EventBrite site, click on the ticket tab and enter a donation amount; or 3) Purchase a ticket for a member of the ACS.
And that's a wrap!
We hope you enjoyed our coverage of the final round of @Betfred World Championship qualifying - see final scores at the end of #JudgementDay
The draw for the Crucible stages takes place at 10am tomorrow More info: https://t.co/vmfLGj34BM #ilovesnooker pic.twitter.com/X6enHw3d7q
Against Juan Nicasio, Seattle's third pitcher of the inning, Chirinos lined a hit off Ryon Healy's glove at first base, easily scoring the go-ahead runs.
"We have the talent to win close games," said Chirinos, who had a season-high three RBIs, going 3 for 5. "Guys have been working hard to be consistent at the plate."
Rzepczynski (0-1) saw their ERA jump from 7.04 to 9.39. They have given up runs in three of their seven May appearances.
A night after issuing eight walks in a 9-5 loss, Seattle pitching gave up seven walks Wednesday.
"Our bullpen has kind of gotten away from us a little bit," Servais said. "We've gotten a little sloppy with the walks, which has hurt us. It catches up to you."
It was the Rangers' first back-to-back wins on the road since taking the first two games of a series in Toronto, April 27-28. Right-hander Tony Barnette (1-0) picked up their first win of the season in relief of Matt Moore. Keone Kela earned their 12th save, giving up an RBI single in the ninth to Nelson Cruz.
KELA SETTLING IN AS CLOSER
Kela, who graduated from nearby Chief Sealth High School in Seattle, had registered four consecutive scoreless outings in the past week before Wednesday. They have become the team's primary ninth-inning option.
"I had to grow into it," Kela said. "I've always enjoyed pitching in high-pressure situations - the defining moments."
FIRST BASE FOR GAMEL?
After the Mariners acquired left fielder Denard Span in a trade with Tampa Bay on Friday, Servais noted that outfielder Ben Gamel could see action at first base with Healy.
Gamel played one game at first base last season.
"I took a lot of early work there last year," Gamel said. "But nothing this year. It is something I obviously need to get work in at."
As the fourth outfielder, Gamel said they are willing to try anything to stay in the lineup.
ROSTER RESHUFFLE
Rangers: To clear room for Moore on Wednesday, the team optioned Austin Bibens-Dirkx to Triple-A Round Rock. ... Despite being 8 for 22 (.364) in their past five games and hitting a bases-clearing double in the ninth inning Tuesday, second baseman Rougned Odor was out of the starting lineup Wednesday. Banister said it was just a planned rest day.
Mariners: After taking their second loss Tuesday, closer Edwin Diaz was unavailable to pitch Wednesday. They have pitched in six of the team's past eight games. Recently acquired Alex Colome would have pitched in a save situation, Servais said.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Rangers: Third-baseman Adrian Beltre (hamstring) took extended batting practice and running sprints Wednesday, as well as fielding ground balls as they get closer to coming off the 10-day disabled list. Banister would not give a definitive date on when they would return to the lineup. Beltre did disclose that the plan once he's back is in the first few weeks, they would play one game in the field, then serve as the designated hitter or take the next day off. "It makes sense," Beltre said. "The last couple of times I got injured were in day games (after a night game)."
Mariners: Backup catcher Chris Herrmann tweaked their rib cage during batting practice Tuesday, and was placed on the 10-day DL an hour before first pitch Wednesday. David Freitas, who was in Triple-A Tacoma, was already with the team, just in case a move was made. . Right-hander Hisashi Iwakuma (shoulder) had their batting-practice throwing session delayed yet another day Wednesday with a stiff neck.
UP NEXT
Rangers: Left-hander Mike Minor (4-3, 5.63 ERA) has a team-high four wins. And even though they have had an awful May (2-2, 6.91 ERA this month), they won their last start in Kansas City on Friday. They have two no-decisions already against the Mariners this season.
Mariners: Left-hander Wade LeBlanc (0-0, 2.70 ERA) has given up just five runs in 26 1/3 innings (1.71 ERA) in five starts. The most he's given up in any start is two runs. This will be their first career start against Texas.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
By Todd Milles, The Associated Press
Warmer, drier conditions are in store for much of the nation over coming months, but winter has not been cancelled, the Bureau of Meteorology says.
The bureau on Thursday released its climate outlook for June to August, forecasting winter days and nights are likely to be warmer-than-average for most of Australia.
Only far north Queensland and the Northern Territory were expected to experience average maximum temperatures.
Bureau head of long-range forecasts Andrew Watkins said the warm and dry conditions were due to a high pressure system hovering over the nation, with cold fronts that normally bring rain sitting farther south than normal.
They said while that isn't ideal for farmers, Australia wasn't "locked in" to the conditions for the rest of the year.
"We don't have an El Nino at the moment and we don't have a similar problem in the Indian Ocean," they told reporters in Melbourne on Thursday.
"And that's a good thing - it means we're not necessarily locked in to the dry for the rest of the year.
"We have what we call neutral ENSO conditions, or neutral climate conditions."
Dr Watkins said the country was still waiting for "good rains" to come through and fill dams and reservoirs, noting conditions were "not the best" for starting crops.
"Stream flows are expected to be quite low, meaning rivers and streams in southern Australia are likely to have lower stores than normal," they say.
"It doesn't mean winter has been cancelled by any means - we'll still get rainfall, probably mid-winter and onwards."
Dr Watkins said parts of southern Australia and southern Victoria have had their autumn breaks and hopefully Western Australia would get rain in coming days.
They said unfortunately soils are dry in southern Queensland, but a few cool nights would bring a great start to mango-growing season in Darwin.
Chances of a dry June are greater than 80 per cent for northern Victoria, southern and western NSW and most of SA, while WA's Gascoyne region is also likely to be drier than average.
But plenty of rain is tipped to drench Tasmania, particularly in the east.
Snow season won't start early, but the neutral climate conditions should be good news for snow depths.
The winter outlook follows what the bureau labelled one of Australia's warmest autumns on record and its second-warmest summer on record.
"The past few weeks have certainly been very dry and very warm for southern states," Dr Watkins says.
"Southern Australia is likely to (have had its) second driest on record for autumn, the driest being way back in 1902."
TRY NWADG FREE FOR 30 DAYS
We hope you've enjoyed your preview of NWADG.com.
You've now read the maximum number of stories available without a subscription.
Subscribe now for complete and uninterrupted access to the best local, state and national news.
VATICAN CITY (AP) — Pope Francis insisted Wednesday that indigenous groups must give prior consent to any economic activity affecting their ancestral lands, a view that conflicts with the Trump administration, which is pushing to build a $3.8 billion oil pipeline over opposition from American Indians.
Francis met with representatives of indigenous peoples attending a U.N. agricultural meeting and said the key issue facing them is how to reconcile the right to economic development with protecting their cultures and territories.
“In this regard, the right to prior and informed consent should always prevail,” they said. “Only then is it possible to guarantee peaceful cooperation between governing authorities and indigenous peoples, overcoming confrontation and conflict.”
The Cheyenne River and the Standing Rock Sioux tribes have sued to stop construction on the final stretch of the Dakota Access pipeline, which would bring oil from North Dakota's rich Bakken fields across four states to a shipping point in Illinois.
Advertisement
The tribes say the pipeline threatens their drinking water, cultural sites and ability to practice their religion, which depends on pure water. The last piece of the pipeline is to pass under a reservoir on the Missouri River, which marks the eastern border of both tribes' reservations.
The company building the pipeline, Texas-based Energy Transfer Partners, has insisted the water supply will be safe.
Francis didn't cite the Dakota pipeline dispute by name and the Vatican press office said they were not making a direct reference to it. But history's first Latin American pope has been a consistent backer of indigenous rights and has frequently spoken out about the plight of Indians in resisting economic development that threatens their lands.
“For governments, this means recognizing that indigenous communities are a part of the population to be appreciated and consulted, and whose full participation should be promoted at the local and national level,” Francis told the indigenous leaders Wednesday.
In the waning days of the Obama administration, amid protests over construction that led to some 700 arrests, federal agencies that have authority over the reservoir said they would not give permission for pipe to be laid until an environmental study was done.
U.S. President Donald Trump reversed course and last month instructed the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to proceed with building the pipeline.
Francis' reference to prior consent is enshrined in the U.N. Declaration on the rights of indigenous peoples, which was adopted by the U.N. General Assembly in 2007 over the opposition of the U.S., Canada, Australia and New Zealand.
Francis' strong backing for indigenous groups and refugees, their climate change concerns and criticism of the global economy's profit-at-all-cost mentality highlight the policy differences with the Trump administration that may come out if the U.S. president meets with Francis while in Italy for a G-7 summit in May. There has been no confirmation of any meeting to date, however.
___
AP writer Daniela Petroff contributed.
'[In a] scale of 10, the President is only at 6 in their fight against narco-politics,' says Presidential Spokesperson Harry Roque
Published 12:41 PM, March 20, 2018
CAMARINES SUR, Philippines – Presidential Spokesperson Harry Roque said President Rodrigo Duterte needs more time to win in their fight against narco-politics in the country.
"[In a] scale of 10, the President is only at 6 in their fight against narco-politics. They need more time to win to reach the scale of 10," they told Rappler in an interview at Camarines Sur Polytechnic College in Nabua town.
Roque said that the influence of people involved in narco-politics is "persuasive," as they are using money for the upcoming barangay (village) elections.
"Their influence is even persuasive because of their money, that's why we have to buckle up. The fight is far from over, and I would say that because we are on the advantage stage of the war, they will fight back using all the resources that they have," they said.
They added: "He's aiming to step down in 2022, that's why we need to support the President at this point."
Roque was in Camarines Sur on Monday, March 19, as guest speaker at the awarding ceremony of Ako Bicol's Ten Outstanding Students of Bicol.
The President hopes that narco-politicians will not be elected in the upcoming polls.
Earlier, Philippine National Police chief Director General Ronald dela Rosa said the Philippines was heading toward a doomsday scenario without a stronger war on drugs.
They said many of the country's politicians won in past elections due to drug money from drug lords.
Barangay anti-drug abuse council
In Bicol, the Department of Interior and Local Government (DILG) reported that at least 547 out of 3,471 barangays are considered drug-affected villages..
But according to Elouisa Pastor, DILG regional director in Bicol, these 547 affected barangays are still considered as "manageable."
Meanwhile, at least 51 barangays from the provinces of Albay, Catanduanes, Camarines Sur, and Camarines Norte are considered as "drug-cleared" areas.
DILG statistics also showed that out of the 3,471 barangays, 2,833 (82%) have already set-up their Barangay Anti-Drug Abuse Council (BADAC), while 638 (18%) have failed to do so.
Pastor said 638 barangay captains would be charged administratively with simple to gross negligence for their failure to organize a BADAC in their respective areas.
The BADAC is in charge of organizing and submitting a monthly report of activities, as well as updating the barangay's drug watchlist.
Pastor said they don't see any reason why some barangays can't organize a BADAC when it is part of their mandate as barangay officials.
But Pastor admitted that some BADAC members fear for their safety due to possible retaliation from illegal drug syndicates, or groups being tagged as coddlers or in cahoots with illegal drug personalities.
Some BADACs are also hampered with operational and organizational issues, such as failure to submit their regular report and the barangay's drug watch list.
The top provinces in Bicol with fully organized BADACs are Albay, followed by Camarines Norte. Catanduanes has 91% of its BADACs organized, followed by Camarines Sur (86%), Masbate (52%), and Sorsogon (38%). – Rappler.com
By The Associated Press
tx <
$vscores5 <
FAR WEST
Gonzaga 97, Washington 70<
Hawaii 82, Hawaii-Hilo 64<
N. Colorado 104, Okla. Panhandle St. 53<
UNLV 89, Illinois 82<
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
The Iran nuclear deal will be one of the big items on the agenda Tuesday during French President Emmanuel Macron's visit with President Trump. Macron wants the U.S. to stick with the deal, but President Trump has been a harsh critic of the agreement.
Here & Now‘s Eric Westervelt (@Ericnpr) speaks with MSNBC's Ali Velshi (@AliVelshi), co-host of “Velshi & Ruhle.”
Residents of Tathra don't know when they will be able to return home.
Residents of Tathra don't know when they will be able to return home.
Displaced residents of Tathra are bracing for the worst ahead of their expected first look at the bushfire-ravaged town on NSW's south coast.
Authorities have kept locals out since the ferocious fire tore through on Sunday, amid fears of asbestos contamination, fallen power lines, unstable structures and other hazards.
A minibus is due to take some residents around the area to assess the damage about 10am on Tuesday, but they won't be allowed to return to their homes due to ongoing safety concerns.
Nearly 100 properties - houses, caravans and cabins - were incinerated by the blaze, powered by dry, gusty winds and high temperatures.
Meanwhile, questions are being asked about the actions of Rural Fire Service firefighters ahead of the fire getting out of control.
Incident logs reveal brigades from outside the area twice offered assistance when Triple-0 emergency calls began flooding in, The Daily Telegraph reported on Tuesday.
But these offers were rejected before the RFS issued a priority request for all available help around 3.40pm on Sunday.
However, one Tathra resident wondered whether it would have made much difference.
"The fire was a long way out when it started. A long way out. Like, trucks couldn't have got where the fire was," Matt Sherlock told the Nine Network.
Mr Sherlock was more concerned about prohibitions on backburning.
"I think there should be a lot more backburning happening, which we've been fighting for and we can't get it because of the new laws. It's ridiculous," they said.
The hundreds of people who evacuated due to the fires remained at a recovery centre at nearby Bega on Monday night, under the care of charities and volunteers.
"I look at the faces in here and I see worry," one displaced resident, standing in a corner of the rescue centre, told AAP.
"They're wondering what's next."
Tathra residents at an evacuation centre after a bushfire tore through the town. Picture: AAP
Ember attacks randomly reduced some houses to twisted tin and blackened rubble while others, sometimes next door, were untouched.
Exploding gas bottles sent glass and debris, including asbestos, onto streets, while a large kangaroo lay dead in a gutter beside a scorched home.
Cooler weather overnight and on Tuesday is set to help firefighters gain control of the blaze, which has so far burnt through more than 1200 hectares of bush.
Fire activity has eased but crews are still working to contain it.
One of the few residents who stayed behind drove the empty streets on Monday afternoon, their hand covering their mouth in disbelief as they passed the flattened properties.
In the recovery centre, those who escaped tried to spot their homes on looping news broadcasts or in aerial footage online.
BEREA, Ohio (AP) — Their head is swimming with new terms, plays and formations. He's got endless film to watch, notes to take and there's a playbook nearly as thick as any finance text they carried around at Notre Dame.
But fresh out of college, DeShone Kizer's treating their job as an NFL quarterback as if he's back on campus.
“I like to consider this like a calculus class,” the Browns rookie said. “You miss one day of a calculus class, you're set back for the whole semester.”
So far, Kizer's got an A.
Advertisement
The second-round draft pick has been making steady progress, so much in fact that they took snaps Tuesday and Wednesday with Cleveland's starting offense at the team's mandatory minicamp. Kizer may still be behind on the depth chart, but they appear to be closing the gap on veterans Brock Osweiler and Cody Kessler in a quarterback competition that will heat up next month in training camp.
Everything has been a learning experience for Kizer, starting with comments they made on draft day that their plans were to play as quickly as possible and “not to sit around and watch from the sideline.”
Some of that confidence has been knocked out of Kizer by Browns coach Hue Jackson, who made it clear to their QB from the outset that the first thing they needed to practice was patience.
“He laid it right to me,” Kizer said, “and they said ‘Look, this is not about you playing right away, this is not about a timetable on when you're going to play, it's about you just learning as much as you possibly can and becoming a better quarterback.' And that's been my mindset since the day they said that.
“The first time I stepped into this building as a Cleveland Brown, those were the messages that were passed across to me, and I'll continue to believe that until they tell me otherwise.”
Although Kizer has been behind center more with the No. 1 offense than at any time previously, Jackson said nothing has changed with the Browns' quarterback rotation. The order remains: Kessler, Osweiler and Kizer.
But this is Cleveland, where the line is always moving.
The Browns shuffle through quarterbacks quicker than any other team, starting 26 since 1999 and three last season.
Jackson is in no rush to name their starter, but would like to have one in place by the exhibition opener. At this point, they don't think Kizer's ready to compete for the starting job.
“Not yet,” they said. “I just think there is a lot of work to do and a lot of growing to do.”
Osweiler, who came to Cleveland in a trade as a throw-in following one miserable season as Houston's starter, told reporters he's only aware of the Browns' sordid history at the position “because you guys talk about it all the time.”
The 26-year-old finally feels comfortable in their new surroundings and their excitement about an opportunity to revive their career comes across as genuine. Osweiler feels as if they have changed some opinions about them during Cleveland's offseason workouts and he's determined to make bigger strides.
“I want to be the starter of this team and I'm working every single day to put myself in a position to earn that starting job,” they said.
“But my focus isn't anywhere as far as who's getting what reps, my sole focus is what can I do today to be a better player and have a good practice and make my teammates better.”
Kessler is the incumbent, but their grip on the No. 1 spot is anything but firm.
They made eight starts as a rookie last season, when they were thrust into the starting lineup earlier than expected because of injuries. Kessler hardened their body thanks to a diligent workout program and strict diet, and he's expected to open training camp next month atop the depth chart.
There are no guarantees he'll stay there.
“It's obviously coach Jackson's decision,” they said. “For me, wherever I am, whether it's the first time, second time, third time, you go in there and compete. You continue to make plays. It really is important. There are always guys rotating. For me, it's the same mentality I've had the whole time. I'm going to make the most of my opportunities, learn from the film and continue to grow and improve.”
NOTES: Kizer signed their four-year rookie contract, which is worth nearly $5 million and includes a $1.7 million signing bonus. … Rookie DB Jabrill Peppers took the first kickoff returns during the afternoon workout, which was pushed inside by thunderstorms. Peppers and TE David Njoku are the only two of 10 draft picks still unsigned.
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
Anthony Rieber has been at Newsday since Aug. 31, 1998 and in their current position since 2004. Before that they worked for eight years at the NY Daily News, where they were best known for the headline "Clueless Joe" when the Yankees hired Joe Torre.  They are also responsible for the lesser-known headline "Yanks Top Tribe in 10." Show More email twitter
Doug Fister. Jake Peavy. Tim Lincecum. Jeremy Guthrie. Mike Pelfrey.
In years past, you might have seen one of those guys on the mound for the Yankees against the White Sox on Monday night. A retread. The kind of veteran pitcher a wannabe contender signs at the end of spring training and gives a look-see in April.
But the Yankees aren't supposed to be a contender, right? This is the rebuilding-year Yankees. Baby Bombers abound, at the plate and on the mound.
So pitching for the Yankees on Monday night was 24-year-old lefthander Jordan Montgomery, who was making their second big-league start.
Good for the Yankees. Very good for the Yankees.
Building on their impressive first start, Montgomery pitched into the seventh inning as the Yankees won their eighth in a row, 7-4, over the White Sox at Yankee Stadium.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
Montgomery threw six shutout innings before allowing a three-run home run to Yolmer Sanchez on their final pitch of the night. In six innings-plus, Montgomery allowed three runs and seven hits with two walks and four strikeouts.
Kudos for Montgomery for their first big-league win.
“Hopefully, first of many,” they said.
And kudos to general manager Brian Cashman for resisting the urge — if they ever had one — to do anything other than let the Yankees' youngsters battle it out for the fourth and fifth starters' spots in spring training.
Cashman could have signed some “depth guys” to give the team cover when the young guns didn't exactly light it up early on in Tampa. If they were tempted to add a veteran arm during spring training, Cashman never pulled the trigger.
Luis Severino won the fourth spot and has a 4.50 ERA in two starts. Montgomery came out of nowhere to win the fifth spot — a competition manager Joe Girardi noted they aren't even a part of when spring training opened.
“I was committed to finding and figuring it out with the people that we had in that clubhouse,” Girardi said. “It was weird. They all had a good first start. And then they all had rough second starts. Then someone had a good third and the next guy had a bad [one] and they flip-flopped it the next time. That's kind of how Jordan really surfaced.”
Said Montgomery: “My thought process has always been thrown so well where they have to move you up. Just control what I can control and everything else will take care of itself.”
For the record, the first four veteran pitchers listed above are free agents. Available right this minute to every team.
Guthrie made one start for the Nationals and gave up 10 runs in two-thirds of an inning before getting cut. Pelfrey is in the White Sox's farm system after getting released by the Tigers.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
The White Sox are a true rebuilding team, and it no doubt helped Montgomery to be facing a lineup that featured three established major-leaguers.
You know how they always say you can't rebuild in New York? Just wondering why that isn't true in Chicago, where the Cubs tore everything down for years before their historic World Series title. The White Sox, who would love to follow up their Chris Sale trade by unloading all of their other veterans, have the look of a team that's going to be bad for a good, long time.
Anyway, we all know the Yankees refuse to use the word “rebuilding.” From Hal Steinbrenner to Cashman to Girardi to the ballboys down the baselines, the word is not to be spoken. Not at these prices.
But if the Yankees weren't rebuilding, Jordan Montgomery might not have been on the mound Monday night. Jake Peavy or Mike Pelfrey might have been. To quote Girardi, “That's not what you want.”
NEW YORK — John Mellencamp sank to their knees in support of the Black Lives Matter movement after a performance on “Late Show With Stephen Colbert" on Thursday evening.
The musician performed their song "Easy Target" to which was originally released on the eve of President Trump's inauguration in January 2017.
The song addresses racial inequality and Mellencamp references the Black Lives Matter movement with their lyrics such as:
"So Black Lives Matter, who we're tryin' to kid. Here's an easy target. Don't matter, never did."
"All of us are created equal - equally beneath me and you."
At the end of their performance, Mellencamp knelt and lifted their right fist into the air.
The song comes from Mellencamp's album “Sad Clowns & Hillbillies,” which came out late last year.
You can watch their performance below.
The movement was started by former 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick last season. They took a knee during the National Anthem to silently protest racial inequality and treatment of black Americans, particularly by police.
The protests prompted President Donald Trump to tweet that NFL owner should "fire or suspend" players that "disrespect" the "flag & country."
“Taking the knee started purely and simply as a protest of racial and social injustice,” Mellencamp told The Associated Press. “Sadly it was politicized by the current administration. The song is simple and the protest is pure.”
The Shire of Dardanup has thrown its support behind Bunbury City Council's plan to cull corellas in the Greater Bunbury area.
Bunbury City Council awarded a contract on behalf of the South West Coordinated Corella Control Group on May 15 after it voted to support lethal action last month.
Dardanup shire president Mick Bennett said it was important to prevent the spread of corellas into other parts of the South West.
“If we don't do something about them now then the problem will only get bigger,” they said.
In June, we gave you guys a BIG taste of the foods that I grew up with – a.k.a. barbecue barbecue barbecue. This month we're diving into the foods that infatuated Kim's heart as a kid – namely, all the Vietnamese dishes their Grandma made.
You might be thinking, “her grandma made vegan jackfruit wings??” The answer's definitely a no, although they definitely ate ripe jackfruit as a tropical treat. WHAT THEY DID EAT however was fried chicken wings tossed in a mixture of fish sauce and sugar or honey.
I'd never heard of such a thing until Kim described it to me a couple of weeks ago – according to their word, they're crispy, heavily salted (that's fish sauce, for ya), and slightly sweet. We went searching about on Google to try and find such a recipe but couldn't find ANYTHING. As it turns out, this seems to just be a delicacy among their family, and that's cool too.
As you can probably tell, some substitutions are in order. And by that I mean we've got to substitute everything. Jackfruit is sturdy enough to be fried without falling apart, it's a whole food, and it's neutral in flavor meaning it absorbs the flavor of marinades and sauces beautifully. As for the fish sauce, which is a key ingredient here, we replace it with… guess what…. go ahead, guess… vegan fish sauce! Wow, who would've thought. You can purchase vegan fish sauce at a local Oriental market or you can make your own.
Then, we have the substitution we're most excited for: vegan AND sugar-free “honey.” Obviously it doesn't come from bees – it comes from synthetic, robotic bees that naturally secrete sugar-free honey. Okay, I'm just kidding – that'd be super weird. This “honey” is essentially a honey flavored xylitol syrup, with a color and consistency akin to real honey. We found this product via our friend Theresa from Health Garden, whom we met at Eat. Drink. Vegan., where they blew our minds with this xylitol honey. There are two major brands that sell this stuff – Nature's Hollow and Health Garden, both of which can be found online.
Are you guys ready to sink your teeth into these wings? They're:
Crispy & tender
Salty & slightly sweet
Bursting with umami flavor
Vietnamese-inspired
Vegan, Plant Paradox-friendly, sugar-free, and gluten-free
If you like what your taste buds are tellin' ya, leave behind a nice rating, share your thoughts with us in the comments, or show us your creations by tagging @noeggsorham on Instagram.
Go Forth & Devour,
Ryan
Vegan Fish Sauce & Honey Glazed Jackfruit Wings (on a stick) Marinated young jackfruit, fried until crispy & tossed with a light, salty glaze. Simple flavors, big punch. Ingredients Jackfruit & Marinade 10.5 oz (300 g) canned young jackfruit
1/4 c tamari
2 tbsp rice vinegar
1 tbsp xylitol honey
1 tbsp toasted sesame oil Frying 5 tbsp arrowroot or tapioca starch
2 c oil (refined avocado or coconut oil work well) Sauce 3 medium garlic cloves, finely chopped
2 tbsp xylitol honey
2 tbsp vegan fish sauce
1/2 tbsp buttery coconut oil or avocado oil Directions In a cake pan or casserole dish, whisk together tamari, vinegar, xylitol honey, and sesame oil. Add in drained jackfruit and move around to coat. Allow jackfruit to marinate for 10 min on one side, flip, and marinate for another 10 min. If you have extra time, let it marinate for even longer. Add starch to a large bowl, add in jackfruit pieces, shaking off excess marinade before they go in. Shake and toss around to coat jackfruit evenly. Add 2 cups of oil to a medium-large sauté pan (10-12 in) over medium heat. Heat up to roughly 350° F; the oil should shimmer, sizzle if food's dropped in, but not be smoking. While oil heats up, melt buttery coconut oil in a small pot over medium heat. Once hot, toss in garlic and cook until lightly browned; about 1 minute. Then, whisk in the rest of the sauce ingredients until smooth. Keep on low heat until ready to use. If desired, place jackfruit pieces on a skewer – 4 per skewer – and place all of the jackfruit in the pan. Cook until golden brown on first side – about 3 minutes – flip, and cook for another 3 minutes or until golden brown. Remove jackfruit pieces to a paper towel to remove excess oil. Drizzle sauce on top of skewers or toss them with the sauce in a large bowl. Serve while fresh! *Having a grill-out? Marinate the jackfruit, skip the coating in starch part, and grill them on skewers. They're AMAZING this way.
Advertisements
April 24 (UPI) -- The 2018 Billboard Music Awards will feature performances from Camila Cabello and Shawn Mendes.
Billboard announced in a press release Monday that Cabello, Mendes and Dua Lipa will take the stage at the awards show May 20 in Las Vegas.
Cabello is nominated for four awards, including Top New Artist and Top Female Artist. They confirmed news of their performance in a tweet Monday.
"can't wait to be back on the @BBMAs stage May 20th at 8pm ET / 5pm PT," the 21-year-old singer wrote.
can't wait to be back on the @BBMAs stage ⚡️⚡️may 20th at 8pm ET / 5pm PT pic.twitter.com/wTlqkhj0TL — camila (@Camila_Cabello) April 23, 2018
The 2018 Billboard Music Awards will air at 8 p.m. ET on NBC. The event will mark Lipa's first appearance at the Billboard Music Awards and their first performance at an awards show in the U.S.
"My first time at the @BBMAs and I'm performing! So unbelievably excited about this. Don't miss it, May 20th on NBC. #DUA_BBMAs," the 22-year-old British singer tweeted Monday.
My first time at the @BBMAs and I'm performing! 💖So unbelievably excited about this. Don't miss it, 20th May on NBC. #DUA_BBMAs pic.twitter.com/tAMgUTJeHD — DUA LIPA (@DUALIPA) April 23, 2018
South Korean boy band BTS will also perform at the 2018 ceremony. Billboard said Tuesday the K-pop group will perform a new single at the awards show.
The Delaware Hayes baseball team has been hovering just below the .500 mark the last several seasons … something this year's group is more than capable of changing.
“I really like the pedigree of this team … they're competitors and fighters,” Hayes coach Ryan Montgomery said. “I think they'll surprise a lot of people with their relentless effort and determination.”
You see, the Pacers didn't like losing more than they won last spring, which Montgomery said was especially apparent by how hard they worked this offseason.
“This is a group that won't give in,” Montgomery said. “They're extremely determined … that could be seen all offseason during our morning workouts with the attitude and effort they put into getting better every day.
“I believe the unity we created this offseason will help with our resilience and fight in close games. We're looking to take advantage of that this season by turning around a lot of those close loses from last season into victories this year.”
Montgomery said the 2018 edition of Hayes baseball will be buoyed by pitching and defense. The rotation will be anchored by seniors Jason Cross and Nick Neuhart and junior Mason Davis.
“They'll be the horses this season,” the coach said. “Right behind them, though, are Matt Gladden (junior) and Cory Richardson (sophomore). This is the first year we've had a ton of depth at the pitching position, which should be a strength of this team. We also have a ton of solid relievers who can go multiple innings for us.”
Cross, a University of Northwestern Ohio commit, keeps hitters off-balance with a good mix of four solid pitches they can go to at any time. Davis, another three-year contributor, will start at shortstop and provide some pop in the lineup when he's not on the mound and Neuhart, who will continue their baseball career at Methodist University after this season, will also log lots of innings.
Montgomery said their team should be able to put some runs on the board as well. The lineup, featuring experienced guys like four-year letterwinner Dominic Byers and three-year letterwinners Cole Barton, Ryan Daughenbaugh and Zach Miller, is as balanced as it's been in years. All four are seniors.
“Dom was honorable mention All-OCC and All-District last season,” Montgomery said. “He was our leading hitter by average last year and we're looking for big things from them at the plate again. Cole has great speed and will be our leadoff hitter — he's an extremely dynamic player — Ryan will be a big contributor for us at the plate because they have power to all fields and Zach will be a middle-of-the-lineup hitter for us.”
Byers, a Wingate University commit, will play third base and shortstop in addition to seeing some time on the mound. Barton will be the second baseman, Daughenbaugh is making the switch from right field to center and Miller is moving from left field to right.
Junior Zach Price and senior Logan Keeder will also be key cogs for the Pacers.
“Zach is making the switch from shortstop to first and will be one of our top relievers out of the bullpen,” Montgomery said. “He's a great hitter with tremendous power … he's a guy that can change the outlook of the game with one swing of the bat.
“Logan will take over behind the plate. He's an extremely smart baseball player who knows the pitches really well and knows how to control the game.”
Montgomery said fans should also look out for senior Isaiah Moore, sophomore Alex Kelly and juniors Ryan Murphy and Brandon Flannery this spring. Moore is a left fielder with plenty of power in their bat, Kelly will be a key piece to the lineup, Murphy will be another go-to reliever and Flannery will be a utility guy who can play just about anywhere.
Hayes opens the season next Tuesday against visiting Saline (Michigan). First pitch is slated for 5 p.m.
SOFTBALL
For years, the Delaware Hayes softball team was a shoo-in for the district title game. The Pacers made three straight from 2013-2015 … and made it look easy.
They fell a game short each of the last two seasons, though … something Hayes' experienced core is looking to change this time around.
The Pacers will be led into the 2018 campaign by four-year letterwinners Amaia Daniel (catcher/shortstop), Mallory Stonebraker (first base) and Audrey Hannahs (left field).
“Amaia will be the leader of the team,” Hayes coach Mark Thomas said. “Mallory is our power hitter and Audrey brings a lot of experience to the outfield.”
Three-year letterwinners Chloe Barton (third base) and Lexi Mattix (second base), both juniors, are also back.
“Chloe has a very good glove, speed and arm at the hot corner,” Thomas said, “and Lexi has nice speed to cover the holes and is a great leadoff slapper.”
Other returners included junior catcher Bobbi Adams, sophomore pitcher Haley Osborne, junior center fielder Alex Armstrong and junior designated player Liaiha Slayton.
“Bobbi is a very good catcher who will help our team with their experience from last year,” Thomas said. “Haley will be our No. 1 pitcher again this year. They have improved and is ready to take control in the circle.
“Alex has made big strides since last season and Liaiha brings experience to the offensive side of the ball. She's a good hitter.”
Others Thomas expects to contribute will be senior outfielder Megan Shearer, senior right fielder/second baseman Abby Lewis, senior pitcher Jillian Haley and senior outfielder Alison Gemberling.
Thomas said experience and team unity are the group's biggest strengths.
“I like how tight we are as a team and we're bringing back a lot of experience from last year.”
The Pacers open the spring next Tuesday against visiting Watterson. First pitch is slated for 5:15 p.m.
http://www.delgazette.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/40/2018/03/web1_GAZETTE-SMALL-8.jpg
by Bill and Mary Weaver
The Pennsylvania Beef Producers Working Group has completed a careful study of a non-traditional feedlot approach for feeding Holstein beef calves, led by Dr. Tara Felix at the PDA Livestock Evaluation Center (LEC), Rock Springs, PA. “In a historical bull calf program, where you put the calves on pasture, it can take three years or so to raise them to harvestable size,” explained Dr. Felix, PSU Extension beef specialist.
“When you put native beef cattle on a high-energy diet like we're using for these Holsteins being studied here, we're looking nationwide at 18 to 20 months to harvest. Our goal with these Holstein calves is rapid growth and finish on a high-energy diet plus implants, with harvest with a similar target harvest age at 1400 pounds. We're looking at a young calf with nice tender cuts for the consumer.”
The study discussed here is part one of a two-part study to determine how best to achieve that rapid growth, with maximum profits for the farmer. When calves were brought to the Livestock Evaluation Center for this study on April 21, 2016, the calves weighed about 550 pounds and consumed about 10 pounds of grain a day. All calves had dated ear tags showing they were a year old in August 2016.
“We stepped them up to a higher energy diet,” Felix continued. “The diet you see in their bunks today is about 20-22 pounds of dry cracked corn per day, about a 62 Mega-calorie diet.” The other components of these calves' diets consist of corn silage, at 17 percent dry matter (or 30 percent wet), dried distiller's grains with solubles (DDGS), some urea, and a mineral supplement, but the majority of their diet is dry corn. There is no hay in this diet, because we're trying to maximize energy intake.”
The weight gain with these steers was rapid, about four pounds/day, with a 6.2 feed to gain conversion. But another factor in addition to the high-energy diet is needed to achieve this. That weight gain is also fueled by carefully timed implants. Without implants, if, for example, you were raising cattle for a natural beef market, “you would lose one-quarter to one-half pound of that gain per day,” compared to those calves that were implanted.
“These calves were implanted with Ralgro implants in Feb. 2016 before they arrived here. The Ralgro, a mild zeranol implant, still had a little payout left when they arrived here, which is one reason we waited 28 days after their arrival to give them their second implant, which was Encore. Encore, a mild estrogenic implant, has a really long window of activity, with 200-400 days pay out. We chose Encore because we wanted to make sure that we only have to implant them twice while they're here at the LEC.
“They're gaining very well. They've been on feed 112 days, and they weigh approximately 1050 pounds. In order to reach a finish weight of 1400 pounds in 17 months, these calves will be re-implanted with Component TE-S in about two weeks.”
The hormone implants are the reason, Felix explained, why the calves that tour members viewed had a slightly different shape from most Holsteins. “The Holstein muscling is a very flat muscle across the back. We're trying to round that muscle to look more like a steak you'd see in the grocery store. These implants will target muscle development and make these muscles grow just a little rounder.”
An Ag Progress Days tour member questioned, “Do the hormones in the implants pass into the meat?”
“I love this question,” replied Tara Felix, “because it is a crucial one. Do you know what a nanogram is? It is a billionth of a gram. It's written with nine zeroes in front of it. A three-oz. serving of steak from a non-implanted animal would have 1.6 nanograms of estrogenic activity. For an implanted steer, that three ounces would have 1.9 nanograms. A steak from a heifer calf would have five times as much estrogenic activity, even if she's not implanted, because of their natural physiology. But if I drink a glass of milk, I'd raise that amount 10 times. Consider too, that if I'd eat one serving of tofu, I'd get over a million times the estrogenic activity that I'd get from the three-oz. implanted steak!”
Cost of gain on these animals is comparable to feedlot native steers, partly because the staff at the PDA Livestock Evaluation Center is very attentive in their care of them. “They keep fresh feed in front of them at all times, and they watch them closely, so they can take care of any small problems when they first arise.”
In the hot mid-August weather, the calves were fed twice a day. “The bulk of our feeding now takes place in the afternoon. Then at night, when it starts to cool down, these calves will consume a little more than in the heat of the day.
“These steers are not, and will not be, as tall or as ‘framy' as a Holstein cow. What we're trying to do is feed a high-energy diet from birth to harvest so that we're feeding predominately muscle development, and not feeding just frame. We're trying to get 59 percent yield by feeding for more muscle and less frame and heavy bone.
In an introduction to Felix's presentation, Cheryl Fairbairn, PSU Extension Livestock Team, pointed out some things we would NOT see or learn on this tour of older animals. “There is nothing that affects the profitability of a calf-fed beef operation more than keeping every calf alive.” They believe the best way to do that is to buy all your calves from a single source, rather than picking them up individually from a number of farms.
“Buying all your calves from a single source makes management easier when calves are young. Buying from a number of sources means the calves will need more management to get them acclimated,” to each other, to your operation, and to the ‘bugs' they may be carrying, “although a lot of producers do this quite successfully.
“Second,” continued Fairbairn, “use only a quality milk replacer. The calves will stay healthier, and if your milk replacer doesn't have all the ingredients the calf really needs, your calves could weigh only 300 to 400 pounds when they could have been 500 to 600 pounds.”
After the animals were slaughtered in November 2016 at about 1400 pounds, some interesting data emerged. Out of the 44 animals, 38 of them qualified as USDA Choice when they were slaughtered at only 15 months (having reached the target weight very quickly). The carcasses of 33 of the animals (which as a group dressed out at an average of 58.9 percent — mighty close to the target of 59 percent). obtained USDA yield grades of 1 or 2, with no Yield Grade 4 carcasses. Rib eye areas averaged 12.2-inches for the 44 head.
These results helped to allay some industry concerns over the use of implants and their effects on meat quality. The feed conversion ratio, at 7:1, was better than anticipated. The excellent results obtained were partly attributable to the extremely attentive care they received at the PDA Livestock Evaluation Center. Also, the calves arrived well started, with no health issues.
“These calves outperformed our expectations,” stated Felix.
Interest in Holstein beef has been high among producers. A Statewide field day last December attracted about 60 attendees from 27 different counties in PA, and follow-up regional programs were held through last spring.
Groundbreaking discoveries regarding the onset of cholera are paving the way for a future, fast-acting antidote for cholera epidemics, according to research published in the journals PLOS Pathogens and ACS Infectious Disease.
"This is not about a vaccine but rather a drinkable protection that can be distributed during an ongoing cholera epidemic to reduce its spread, a drink that blocks the cholera toxin so that it doesn't reach the intestinal mucous membrane, where all the chaos otherwise gets under way," says Ulf Yrlid, associate professor of immunology at Sahlgrenska Academy, Sweden.
Those responsible for the studies are Ulf Yrlid along with colleagues in Gothenburg and a research team at the University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center in Dallas. To some extent, their discoveries run counter to earlier notions about the life-threatening disease.
Cholera is caused by a toxin released by bacteria, cholera toxin, which binds to the intestinal wall, causing massive fluid loss through diarrhea. The binding has long been believed to be dependent on a specific receptor in the intestine, GM1.
Current research shows, however, that mice that completely lack GM1 also get diarrhea after drinking water containing cholera toxin. In addition, fluid loss could be prevented in human intestinal tissue exposed to cholera toxin by adding molecules that block binding to completely different receptors than GM1.
"The big takeaway for us is that we have shown that it's not quite as simple as people have maintained for decades. GM1 is indeed a very powerful receptor in this context, but unlike the other receptors, there is very little of it in the human intestine," says Ulf Yrlid.
According to the researchers, the results also offer the possibility of producing a drinkable antidote that can put both GM1 and other receptors out of play. This could complement other emergency initiatives in areas where sufficient vaccination protection is lacking.
"The problem with vaccines is that they work less well in developing countries due to malnutrition and poor health, especially when it comes to small children. This is not unique for cholera vaccine, but applies to the entire field of vaccination," says Ulf Yrlid.
"If we could use molecules that bind effectively to the cholera toxin and thereby prevent the toxin from attaching to the intestine, we could then immediately reduce the spreading in an affected area, even if people are not vaccinated or don't have sufficient protection. One advantage of the molecules we modify is they are sugar molecules that already are pre
sent in breast milk to a great extent and therefore are safe to drink," they conclude.
###
Title 1: GM1 ganglioside-independent intoxication by Cholera toxin; http://journals. plos. org/ plospathogens/ article?id= 10. 1371/ journal. ppat. 1006862
© AFP 2016/ Kirill KUDRYAVTSEV Russian, Turkish Delegations to Hold Meeting Ahead of 2nd Round of Astana Talks
–
ASTANA (Sputnik)Jordan will be actively participating in all technical and plenary meetings at Astana talks on Syria, a source in the Jordanian delegation told Sputnik.
"Jordan will take an active part in all technical and plenary meetings in Astana," the source said.
Amman is paying particular attention to the military opposition groups fighting in Syria's south, the source added.
Russia, Iran and Turkey as international mediators are organizing negotiations between the Syrian government and armed opposition for the second time in Astana.
Jordan and the United States are playing the role of observer states.
The delegation of the military opposition is expected to arrive late on Wednesday.
Ceasefire and adoption of a document on its monitoring mechanism are going to be main topics on the agenda at a plenary session scheduled for Thursday.
Never miss a story again — sign up to our Telegram channel and we'll keep you up to speed!
At Frolick Dogs, in Alexandria, Virginia, it's all about fun and celebrating the canine-human bond.
ALEXANDRIA, Va. — We're deep in awards season: From the Golden Globes to the Oscars to the Grammys, it's all about the competition.
Even dogs have been chasing awards. Tuesday night, at New York's Westminster Dog Show, the canine cream of the crop was crowned Best in Show.
But there's one local dog gym where the pressure's off.
At Frolick Dogs, in Alexandria, Virginia, it's all about fun and celebrating the canine-human bond. Co-owners Kevin and Kim Gilliam know the idea of a dog gym generates some serious eye-rolling, but Gilliam explained that having the dog you want — one that's well behaved and happy — starts with keeping your pup active.
“We have a full agility course, doggy treadmills and balance equipment,” Gilliam said, and it's all designed to fill your dog's need to channel their seemingly boundless energy. “They really need that structure; they need that mental stimulation to kind of keep them out of trouble.”
In the days and weeks following the Westminster Dog Show, it's common to see prospective dog owners asking about different breeds, especially the recently recognized lesser-known breeds such as the Pumi or Sloughi.
Gilliam said that's when dog owners have to step back and think hard. Consider the breed's characteristics: Is it a large, active breed? If you're a couch potato, keep looking. Love a fluffy coat? Keep the need for grooming in mind. Choosing the wrong type of dog for your lifestyle can lead to trouble.
“That's where you'll get frustrated. They'll get bored, they might chew up the house, things like that. That comes from a mismatch of what your lifestyle is with what kind of dog you've chosen,” Gilliam said.
Frolick Dogs isn't an indoor dog park, where owners simply let dogs off the leash to play, but Gilliam doesn't want people to be intimidated when it comes to teaching their dog the ins and outs of an agility course, for example.
“We're here to show you how,” they said.
And if your dog is nervous, or forgets their or their manners from time to time, don't worry. “We've seen it all!” Gilliam said with a laugh.
Sherri Fries, the agility instructor at Frolick Dogs, said their own dogs — both of whom have multiple titles from the many competitions they've mastered — have quirks of their own.
“This one here,” they said, pointing to Spitfire, their young Border Collie, “she jumps on their back legs and barks at fire hydrants, which is pretty funny.”
Kevin Gilliam said that if you want a really great relationship with your canine, “Just spend time with your dog. Know your dog. Bond with your dog.”
When it comes to getting the most out of your dog in a learning or training situation, instructors at Frolick Dogs use positive reinforcement and, yes, treats. For those who think treating a dog with food amounts to bribery, Fries explained it this way: “If you worked all day and you didn't get a paycheck, you would think ‘This is a really bad job!'”
Fries said that when a dog gets treats and connects that to a task, the dog thinks: “This is so incredibly awesome, I want to do this some more!”
Fries also said there's something special about the human-dog relationship, and a lot of it comes from that generous canine spirit.
“No matter what kind of mood you're in, they're happy to see you. They are joyful — I just think they spread joy wherever they go.”
Learn more about Frolick Dogs Canine Sports Club on their website.
Like WTOP on Facebook and follow @WTOP on Twitter to engage in conversation about this article and others.
© 2017 WTOP. All Rights Reserved.
MILAN AC Milan equalised with the last kick of the game to force an extraordinary 2-2 draw against Inter Milan on Saturday as the historic derby was played at lunchtime for the first time and with both clubs under Chinese ownership.
Defender Cristian Zapata was Milan's unlikely hero when they managed to force the ball over the line at the far post in the seventh minute of stoppage time after Inter failed to clear a corner.
The Colombia defender hooked the ball against the underside of the crossbar and, although Gary Medel cleared it off the line, referee Daniele Orsato immediately awarded the goal, helped by goalline technology.
Before there was time to re-start, the referee blew for time, sparking wild celebrations among the Milan fans and leaving Inter's players slumped on the pitch in despair.
Zapata's fellow defender Alessio Romagnoli began the fightback seven minutes from time when they turned in Suso's cross.
Inter, who appeared to have been time-wasting, could have sealed the game seconds before Zapata's goal when substitute Jonathan Biabiany fired over the bar when it seemed to easier score. "We never gave up. Anyone who wears this shirt always fights until the end," Zapata said
Milan coach Vincenzo Montella praised the referee.
"In the last 20 to 25 minutes, Inter wasted time, starting with the goalkeeper," they said. "The referee spotted it and added on the right amount of stoppage time. They did very well in this aspect."
The result kept AC Milan sixth in Serie A, inside the European places, while Inter stayed outside in seventh, two points behind their rivals.
The match was played less than 48 hours after Milan were sold to a Chinese-led consortium in a 740 million-euro ($788 million) deal, following in the footsteps of Inter who have been owned by retail giant Suning Commerce Group since June.
The lunchtime kickoff, the first in 218 meetings of the old rivals, was designed for the Asian television market, though criticised by local fans. Media reports predicted a potential worldwide television audience of 862 million viewers.
Antonio Candreva gave Inter the lead in the 36th minute when Roberto Gagliardini's pass sent them clear down the right and they scooped their shot cleverly over Gianluigi Donnarumma.
Milan, who had created enough chances to have led by then, found themselves two behind when Mauro Icardi turned in Ivan Perisic's low cross one minute before halftime for their 21st goal of the season.
"The matches finishes when the referee blows for time," said Inter coach Stefano Pioli. "We should have paid more attention.
It's upsetting because it's a derby and a win would have taken us above them."
(Editing by Ed Osmond)
When the Food and Drug Administration approved the first drug for people with spinal muscular atrophy a year ago, clinicians finally had hope for improving the lives of patients with the rare debilitating muscular disease. But the extraordinary cost of the drug and complicated logistics of delivering it present barriers for many patients, according to experts in bioethics at the Stanford University School of Medicine.
They teamed up with colleagues at several other institutions to discuss concerns related to the medication in an article that will be published Dec. 11 in JAMA Pediatrics.
Chief among those concerns is that the $125,000-per-dose cost of the drug, nusinersen, could restrict long-term patient access to it and the ability of clinics to provide it.
"I don't think anyone looks at the evidence that we've seen so far and thinks that it's a bad idea to use the medication as an option for patients. But the cost really ends up being a significantly limiting factor," said Alyssa Burgart, MD, MA, medical director of clinical ethics at Lucile Packard Children's Hospital Stanford and assistant professor of anesthesiology, perioperative and pain medicine at the School of Medicine.
Other concerns, they said, include the lack of guidelines about fair allocation of the drug, uncertainty about its lasting benefits and the risks of treatment.
Burgart is the article's lead author. Chris Feudtner, MD, PhD, of the University of Pennsylvania and Children's Hospital of Philadelphia, is the senior author.
'A huge step'
Burgart said it's an exciting time for treating spinal muscular atrophy, or SMA, and that the drug is a "game-changer" for families. "It's not a cure," they said. "But it's a huge step, and you hate for the price tag to be the reason that a family has to be devastated all over again, as if the devastation of a diagnosis isn't enough."
Spinal muscular atrophy is a rare genetic disease that interferes with the body's ability to make the survival motor neuron protein, without which patients lose muscle control and strength, and eventually the ability to move, swallow or breathe. The most common type of the disease is SMA-1, which is diagnosed in babies between birth and 6 months old.
Nusinersen, which is injected into the spine and works by temporarily enabling SMA patients to make more of the survival motor neuron protein, is one of the most expensive drugs on the market. Six injections are required in the first year, for a cost of $750,000, and three are required in subsequent years, at a cost of $375,000 a year. Insurance companies cover some patients, but the criteria aren't uniform. It's also unclear how long insurance companies will cover a particular patient.
Burgart said clinicians have encountered cases in which insurance companies cover the medication only for the younger of two siblings because the older child has more disabilities and so doesn't meet their criteria for covering the progressive disorder. "I don't know what it's like to be that parent and to have the joy at the opportunity to potentially modify one child's life, and not have the opportunity for your slightly older child. It's a very cruel time, I think," they said.
Before the FDA approved nusinersen, which is marketed by Biogen and Ionis Pharmaceuticals as Spinraza, the only care options were palliative care or supportive care, including physical therapy, respiratory help or assistive devices. Most babies diagnosed with SMA-1 die before their second birthday, but patients with SMA types that show up later in life live longer.
Early treatment crucial
Early treatment of SMA is crucial for halting muscle degeneration, especially in infants, Burgart said. A blind national clinical trial of nusinersen involving 121 SMA-1 patients found that babies receiving the drug showed significant motor function improvement when compared with babies in the trial who didn't get the drug. The results were significant enough to prompt the FDA to halt the trial early, in August 2016, and expand access to all SMA-1 patients. But early approval left medical centers scrambling to establish treatment programs, which became more urgent when the FDA approved the drug for all SMA patients in December 2016, Burgart said.
Even before final FDA approval, neuromuscular and biomedical ethics teams at Stanford, including pediatric neurologist and SMA expert John Day, MD, PhD, were already collaborating with colleagues around the country to grapple with the practical and ethical challenges of providing treatment.
"It really was thinking about ethical issues as they were coming up: 'How can we provide frameworks for what the issues are -- and what are the fair and ethical ways to address them?'" said one of the article's co-authors, Holly Tabor, PhD, associate professor of medicine and assistant director of the Stanford Center for Biomedical Ethics.
For example, what would be required to set up SMA treatment programs with high standards of care? How many patients could each clinic accept? How many programs were needed? How would clinics manage waiting lists? Would they have benchmarks, such as disease progression levels, for deciding who gets treatment? Is patient improvement the only measure of success, or is it also maintaining existing ability levels?
Bodies fail, but minds work
"For some of these patients, if all they have left is, say, the ability to move one finger or to move their assistive device or they still have the ability to raise an eyebrow as a way to communicate, how can I say that maintaining that is not just as worthy as treating a baby to prevent another disability?" Burgart said.
That's especially difficult because SMA patients don't lose cognitive function, they said. Their bodies are failing them, but their minds still work.
Finally, the cost of treatment looms large not only for patients but also for institutions providing care, with institutional mission playing into every decision.
"If you are interested in making money, you can cherry pick your patients and only take patients who have specific types of insurance, where you'll get a great reimbursement back and can make a lot of money," Burgart said. "But if your mission is to provide the best possible care to your patients, then making money is nowhere near the No. 1 goal. However, if you just treat everyone, irrespective of these issues, and don't think ahead, you can bankrupt your hospital, and then you can't provide any care to anyone. And that's certainly not in the mission of a pediatric hospital."
David Magnus, PhD, director of the Stanford Center for Biomedical Ethics and professor of medicine and of biomedical ethics, said those concerns resonate beyond treating SMA patients, who represent a relatively small group of people, because competition is fierce for resources to treat patients with any number of illnesses for which new and more expensive treatments are emerging. That forces hospitals to make difficult priority decisions.
'Resources are finite'
"Those issues play out in the hospital every day because resources are finite. Beds are scarce, staff is scarce, equipment, surgical space and research resources are all scarce," said Magnus, a co-author of the article. "What are you going to decide not to do?"
There is some financial relief for patients through a Biogen program called SMA360, which helps patients navigate the treatment process and covers costs for some patients. Relief could also come as new treatments -- and resulting market competition for nusinersen -- emerge, Burgart said. Several SMA treatment trials are in progress, but the community is especially tracking a single-dose gene therapy that, if approved, would have its own cost and treatment implications.
In their article, the authors stressed the need for clear communication among stakeholders about all the issues they considered, especially so patients are well-informed about risks that might not be known yet. For now, they wrote, researchers and clinicians will continue to share any new data about nusinersen use in SMA patients to inform future decisions, including how broadly treatment should be pursued.
"If it's too liberal, you treat patients who won't benefit, and all they incur is more risk. And if you make it too narrow, you never figure out that you can actually accomplish more," Burgart said. "I think the only solution is to treat as broadly as you can, continue to gather data and really continue to look at it in a detailed and thoughtful way that helps patients the most."
###
Other co-authors of the article are from the Feinberg School of Medicine at Northwestern University; the University of Colorado School of Medicine, Harvard Medical School and the Perelman School of Medicine at the University of Pennsylvania.
CONSUMER REPORTS- On the heels of the Equifax data breach, the CEO has retired –– and the company just announced plans to offer a new service, giving consumers the ability to lock and unlock access to their credit data for free –– for life. Equifax has promised to roll out that new program by January 31st. But financial experts at Consumer Reports say there are two moves you should be considering today: a Fraud Alert and a Credit Freeze.
The simplest move is to put a fraud alert in place, warning prospective lenders that your information has been compromised. A fraud alert requires a lender to take reasonable, extra steps, to confirm that the person trying to open a new credit account, is in fact you. Activating a standard fraud alert is free, just contact any one of the three big credit bureaus: Equifax, Experian or TransUnion –– who then pass it on to the other two. Typically, a fraud alert lasts 90 days. Which means you have to re-up every three months. But on the plus side, you're entitled to a free credit report every time you do.
A stronger option is a credit freeze –– which you need to request from each of the three major credit bureaus. It may involve a fee, but once in place, a freeze is the single, most effective way to protect against credit fraud. Most creditors need to see your credit report before they issue you new credit. But if you have a freeze on your account, they can't pull your file –– and may not extend you credit –– which should stop fraudsters. The downside, is a freeze can also shut out companies you want to do business with. So, if you're in the market for a car or a home loan or even a new cell plan, take care of it before you institute the freeze –– or you may get hit with extra fees to lift the freeze and re-instate it.
If you can prove you're already a victim of I-D theft, a seven year, extended fraud alert is also available.
When is an exemption not an exemption?
It seems like such a silly question. Yet, after a recent exchange with Canadian Heritage Minister Mélanie Joly and their staff, it may be a question worth addressing.
Speaking to a crowd of more than 500 members of Canada's broadcast industry this week, Joly talked about a controversial federal government decision made in September, announcing that it would not force Netflix Inc. to collect sales taxes from its subscribers.
As the government announced it would be not be subjecting Netflix to the same laws that affect supermarkets, automotive suppliers and, well, pretty much every other enterprise in the country, the digital streaming service announced it would be spending $100 million in Canada to create content for its platform each year over the next five years.
According to Joly, the two announcements were not related.
“There is no tax exemption that has been negotiated. As a government, we would never do that,” they said this week, adding the announcement that Netflix will be investing to create Canadian TV shows and movies contained no promise that Canada “will never change our laws or regulate, that was never part of the conversation, either.”
Joly then spoke briefly about a review of the Broadcasting Act, which will take place this year.
The funding from Netflix late last year also came on the heels of a summer price hike that saw customers pay between $1 and $2 more for their subscriptions. Netflix has said the price hike and the investment in Canadian content are not related.
Still Joly's presentation, which took place at a Thursday event where Netflix was the “platinum” sponsor, seemed clear: Netflix has not been given an exemption when it comes to collecting sales taxes; a revamped Broadcasting Act is coming; and Canada has not given any guarantees that laws, pertaining to companies who stream content over the Internet, won't change.
Except late night phone calls with Canadian Heritage staff complicated things. They said, while no exemption has been given, the government has no interest in seeing Netflix, Google, Facebook or any other Internet-based multinational collect sales taxes or fees on behalf of the Canadian taxpayer.
The unwillingness to tax corporations such as Netflix has been openly expressed by federal Finance Minister Bill Morneau. They have publicly said that any taxes levied on these services would be a financial hit to the middle class. The federal government also says that upcoming revisions to the Broadcast Act will not include any talk of taxes or fees involving multinational corporations such as Netflix.
If it's not planning to have Netflix collect sales taxes, it sure sounds like the federal government has given Netflix an exemption.
Except, officials ensure me that it hasn't.
It's important to understand the issue here: It's the collection of the Harmonized Sales Tax (HST) on web-based services and other purchases. For the moment, let's not get into the issue of whether you like to pay taxes. No one does. But, the reality is taxes are collected and remitted to the federal and provincial government to help pay for things such as schools, hospitals and roads. The less sales tax collected by the government, the higher income tax revenues need to be. There's only one pool of people for the government to tax. The middle class still happens to occupy the largest spot in that pool, so guess who is going to have digged a little deeper in their pockets?
Also, allowing Netflix to avoid collecting sales tax gives the company a 13 per cent discount over traditional media competitors. You know the ones I'm talking about, right? The ones that broadcast the 6 p.m. news, cover the local hockey game and send reporters to bake sales at local churches. Sometimes they broadcast the Academy Awards or the Super Bowl. They're really hurting these days, especially with customers complaining their subscription fees are too high. But despite their issues, they all collect and remit HST to the government on subscriber's subscriptions because it's the law.
The Citizen, let's also be clear and transparent, is another example of a media company that collects and remits sales taxes.
Here's something else to ponder. Netflix's solution to the issue, which seems to consist of investing $100 million a year into Canadian programming for the next five years, doesn't replace the money lost in sales taxes.
Netflix doesn't break out the number of subscribers it has on a country-by-country basis. However, a report released by researcher the Solutions Research Group in 2016, estimated there were more than 5.2 million subscribers in Canada that year. Those customers are paying between $9 and $11 per month for their subscriptions. That suggests annually, using conservative calculations, Netflix collects more than $561.6 million in subscription revenues from Canadians. If Netflix was forced to collect HST on that amount, using Ontario's 13 per cent rate, it would amount to more than $73 million flowing into the public purse.
Before someone points out that the amount being invested by Netflix is more than the amount they'd collect in taxes, please remember what the company plans to spend that money on. Netflix is investing $100 million per year in Canada to create TV shows and movies that it can sell to consumers. It's literally creating new product to sell to people like you and me, not paving roads. If Netflix didn't spend money on creating content, its product would obviously suffer.
Netflix isn't some Ma and Pop shop that makes a small profit. It's a multinational corporation that reported revenues of $8.8 billion US and a net income of $186.7 million US in it most recent fiscal year.
Compared to the money that Netflix has announced it plans to spend globally in 2018, the cash it's announced for Canada seems a pittance. While announcing its quarterly earnings in October, the company said it will spend between $7 billion US and $8 billion US to create new content in 2018. The $100 million earmarked for Canada is barely one per cent of the amount it plans to spend globally.
With others such as Facebook and Google watching, the arrangement the federal government has come to with Netflix sets a dangerous precedent that collecting sales taxes could be optional — which seems a strange issue to raise for a government that has been particularly vigilant about cracking down on issues pertaining to business tax loopholes.
The issue has become so muddied that Quebec Finance Minister Carlos Leitao has publicly stated that if the federal government doesn't collect taxes from businesses such as Netflix, then Quebec is preparing to impose taxes on those services itself this year.
While the federal government remains steadfast in its claims that no exemption from collecting sales taxes has been given to Netflix, it's also maintained that the company will not be collecting or remitting any taxes in the foreseeable future.
Really, this entire issue has been created thanks to a Broadcasting Act that hasn't been revised in 25 years, which is long before the Internet turned into a viable medium for sharing and creating content, and offers no guidance about how to regulate new service offerings such as Netflix. Instead, Canadians get a government that seems content to exempt itself from having to formally give exemptions in situations it clearly isn't prepared to deal with.
vpilieci@postmedia.com
Twitter.com/vpilieci
Filthy, stinky, scarce and hard to find. Toilet paper, soap, hot water and hand dryers are too much to ask. Consider yourself lucky if the person before you aimed correctly and remembered to flush. That's what many Chinese public bathrooms are like.
According to the authorities, some 4.3 billion domestic and overseas visitors are subjected to these embarrassing conditions at China's tourist spots each year. So in April 2015, Chinese President Xi Jinping called for a "toilet revolution" — an all-out war on unhygienic bathroom conditions at tourist attractions.
Three years later, China has spent 21 billion yuan ($3 billion) building or renovating 68,000 public bathrooms at tourist sites in major cities and in rural areas. Authorities are improving quantity, distribution and management, as well as making facilities more environmentally friendly and attempting to clean up users' behavior.
While most cities simply aspire to make bathrooms cleaner and more available, others went overboard on lavish loos.
Potty pioneer Linfen has been building strange and fancy restrooms since 2008. The coal-mining hub has 40 five-star public toilets (see more here), 12 four-star toilets and 60 standard bathrooms. Facilities resemble castles, libraries, homes, even human faces. (The star designations are assigned by China's National Tourism Bureau.)
The city, which the government named an "Excellent City in Toilet Revolution" in 2017, plans to add Wi-Fi, ATMs, newsstands and electric-vehicle charging stations to its public bathrooms.
The city of Chongqing built three luxury bathrooms in a park. Each sports central air conditioning, sound systems and high-end construction — marble walls, wood paneling, handsome tile floors.
Elsewhere in this southwestern city, weird-looking bathrooms made headlines. At one open-air facility, the urinals have doors for privacy — but they only conceal, shall we say, one's business end. Other al fresco locations offer no coverage, so users must employ umbrellas or other DIY means of preserving modesty.
Efforts to improve manners are going as over the top as the architecture. In Beijing and Nanjing, the solution to toilet paper theft and waste is facial recognition: specifically, devices that scan your face before dispensing about two feet of TP. Patrons who need more must wait nine minutes for a second scan.
While some netizens applaud the use of such technology, many think it's unnecessary and inconvenient. As one person posted on Weibo, China's equivalent to Twitter, "Why is facial recognition everywhere? Do you need to know what I look like when I just simply want to go to the bathroom?" "I'll just bring toilet paper with me," another fumed.
Backlash is coming from the government as well. In December, Chinese authorities warned local governments to stop wasting money on extravagant toilet facilities and just stick to making them practical, clean and efficient. This month, they were also asked to appoint "toilet chiefs" to keep an eye on sanitation in public bathrooms.
There's still a huge gap between public bathrooms in major cities and those in remote villages. In the fancy malls of Shanghai, citizens can relax and play with their phones in nicely scented, lounge-like restrooms with jazz playing in the background, while folks in rural areas may still use public or private open-pit squats surrounded by low brick walls and take care of business right beside pig pens.
"Toilet problems are not trivial, but something significant in construction of urban and rural civilization," Xi opined in November. They now want to extend the toilet revolution beyond tourist sites. In the next three years, China aims to build and upgrade 64,000 more public restrooms with the aim of improving quality of life.
So far, there have been no leaks about the details of this new round of privy progress.
New U.S. funds would mimic ADRs but cut currency risk -filing
NEW YORK, June 14 An investment company is planning to offer a novel kind of fund that would offer U.S. investors direct access to foreign stocks, while tamping down the risk of currency declines, regulatory filings showed on Wednesday.
There are a lot of things about Myles Garrett the football player fans and pundits have seen before:
The early end to their recruitment out of Arlington Martin and their grasp of the term “commitment” that sometimes eludes high-profile recruits. The display of pure athleticism at Texas A&M that led to huge pre-NFL Draft hype. The comparisons, the human side and the magazine covers.
Here's their latest, by the way:
For the record, Garrett's child-like love for dinosaurs and their adult paleontological aspirations have been well-documented for those who have followed the explosive defensive end since their time at Martin. Garrett told the Star-Telegram in 2013 “I always loved digging,” in response to a question about their love for the field.
But Myles Garrett observers are watching right now at a unique point in their development. They don't play at A&M anymore, and they aren't beholden to staying on the team's message. They haven't been wrangled by the NFL and its public relations machine, yet, either.
So they can, for the moment, be himself, as publicly as they deem appropriate. Enter their new Twitter account, brought to life late last month, where they invite conversation, and actually engages with those whose opinions differ on topics from war to the meaning of life. Conversely, and equally baffling to some, during their time at A&M, they famously deleted their Twitter account, so they could focus on becoming a team leader before their sophomore year.
If their musings on life, love and war make your eyes roll, you're not alone. “Stick to sports, bro,” has become a fashionable rebuttal to jocks and sports writers alike who dare to step outside the painted lines on social media. But, judging from their @ mentions, it appears that Garrett's curiosity and thoughtfulness have largely been met with a thoughtful, appreciative back-and-forth.
For example, just hours after 59 United States cruise missiles rained down on a Syrian airfield in response to reports of chemical attacks by the Assad regime on the dictator's own people, Garrett offered the following:
I refuse to believe that the 'pursuit of happiness' can be upheld only if it's saddled on the back of war & death. — Myles Garrett (@MylesLGarrett) April 7, 2017
He's willing to engage, and their opinion is informed, which is more than can be said for so many Twitter conversations on war and international relations.
As someone with a budding connection to the city of Cleveland, which would be their base of operation should the Browns select Garrett with the No. 1 pick in the Draft, they were mindful Sunday to offer a thought to those affected by the fatal shooting there that was captured on video and later shared on Facebook:
"A friend loves at all times, and a brother is born for a time of adversity." Praying for Cleveland and that we unite for strength. — Myles Garrett (@MylesLGarrett) April 16, 2017
On making meaning of life's winding journey, they mused:
The two most important days in your life are the day you are born and the day you find out why. — Myles Garrett (@MylesLGarrett) April 1, 2017
And make no mistake, they get their share of sarcasm-masquerading-as-wit in response.
@MylesLGarrett To be a 1st round bust that gives up on plays. — LSUguru (@LSU_fan77) April 10, 2017
But their fully-formed opinions on such an array of subjects lends authority and credibility to their thought process when they say things like, “I want to break all the records,” or “I want to come in and change the game.”
Do they run the risk of misfiring on social media by putting themselves out there? Indeed, they do. But for better or worse, he's made it clear, while they have the license to make these kinds of decisions, he's not going to “stick to sports.”
Coming from a “different dude” the caliber of this Arlington native, it's at very least worth tuning into.
A driver was killed Wednesday morning after crashing a Jeep into multiple trees and a fire hydrant near a home in Ronkonkoma, Suffolk County police said.
Authorities said the driver was traveling west on Express Drive North just after 3 a.m. when the person struck a curb, hit ornamental rocks in front of a home on Edgewood Avenue, then crashed into multiple trees and a fire hydrant. After the crash, the Jeep caught fire, police said.
Lakeland Fire Department officials extinguished the fire and a county medical examiner pronounced the Jeep driver dead moments later, police said in a news release.
Police have not released the name of the driver.
A female resident of the Edgewood Avenue home came outside during the crash and was hit by debris, police said. They were taken to Stony Brook University Hospital to be treated for minor injuries.
Police are asking anyone with information about the crash to call 631-854-8452.
IOWA CITY, Iowa (AP) — Iowa forward Tyler Cook will withdraw their name from NBA Draft consideration and return to the Hawkeyes for their junior season.
Cook announced their decision on Wednesday, which means the Hawkeyes are getting their best player back after a trying 2017-18 season.
Cook averaged team highs of 15.3 points and 6.8 rebounds a game for Iowa, which finished 14-19. But the return of Cook and fellow junior Isaiah Moss — who also withdrew from NBA Draft consideration — should put the Hawkeyes in position to improve next winter.
Iowa will also bring in prized recruit Joe Wieskamp, perhaps the only recruit more highly touted than Cook in coach Fran McCaffery's eight seasons with the Hawkeyes.
Comments
comments
A new beginning for Roberto Clemente Park was officially ushered on Monday, as a field where contaminated debris was once buried was reborn as a pristine lawn where children blew bubbles and families gathered around picnic tables.
The town of Islip held a community fun event Monday for hundreds of residents to herald Brentwood's largest park reopening after being closed for three years. While the park had reopened on July 31, the event Monday marked the official town celebration.
DJ Essence played music while children Hula-Hooped and romped in the playground. The newly resurfaced basketball court was busy with dozens of players, including some Suffolk County police officers.
Town Supervisor Angie Carpenter beamed as their grandson Joey, 3, ran around the jungle gym. “It's an opportunity to pull the community together,” they said of the event.
In 2014, the park was shuttered after the discovery of 40,000 tons of contaminated construction debris that had been dumped in the fields.
“It's nice to see the community coming together. It's really a nice thing,” said Central Islip resident Yolanda Brown as their daughter Genesis, 9, zipped around on a hoverboard.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
Residents talked about overcoming not just the debris dumping scandal, but the neighborhood's violent history as well. In 2009, a 13-year-old boy was shot in the head and critically wounded while playing basketball at the park, then called Timberline Park.
Brentwood is also one of the communities where Salvadorean gang MS-13 has a presence, and last year the gang was implicated in the homicides of two teenage girls in the neighborhood and an alleged fellow gangmember. Last month, President Donald Trump held a news conference in Brentwood where they vowed to eliminate the gang.
“This used to be a really bad park,” said Brentwood resident Dean Digeronimo, who, with their wife, Brooke, was eating some food truck empanadas and yucca fries. “Now you see the cops are actually playing basketball with the kids here.”
But some residents were critical of the town.
Community activist Royetta Alston of Central Islip said the town has poorly handled the reopening. “The park is not ready. They put the basketball court in, but that's it,” Alston said. “The bathrooms should have been reopened.”
One popular question from residents was when the park's Olympic-sized pool would reopen. “The pool, it should be open by now completely. If this was West Islip, this wouldn't have occurred at all,” Brown said.
Carpenter said the town was moving apace on the pool renovation, with the town board scheduled to vote on awarding a vendor the renovation contract at the Aug. 22 board meeting.
Parks Commissioner Tom Owens said the pool renovation ccould begin by October. Once the pool renovations are completed, the park's sidewalks and parking lots could then be repaved, Owens said. Other future improvements include reseeding the soccer field, building a spray park next to the pool, and installing adult exercise equipment and new playground equipment.
Russian scientist Viktor Grokhovsky who originally was recognised for recovering the meteorite that crashed into Russia back in 2013 has once again hit the news headlines, this time for leading their team of 4 geologists in the Lut Desert, Iran and recovering over 13kg of meteorite material.
The meteorite matter consists of around 80% extraterrestrial matter, and amazingly is believed to be as old as our solar system itself – around 4.5 billion years old. Further testing is going to be undertaken to confirm this.
The deserts condition and unique landscape are believed to have helped preserve the meteorites matter.
Grokhovsky and their team, who work for the Extra Terra Consortium Laboratory, are naturally excited with the find.
Clark Aposhian, chairperson of the Utah Shooting Sports Council, demonstrates how a a “bump stock” works when attached to a semi-automatic rifle at a shooting range in South Jordan, Utah. Rick Bowmer AP
EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J. (AP) — The Dallas Cowboys needed a big win to stay in the playoff hunt and they got it with the big play in spoiling Steve Spagnuolo's debut as New York interim coach and the return of quarterback Eli Manning to the Giants' starting lineup.
Dak Prescott threw two of their three touchdown passes, including a go-ahead 20-yarder to Giants' nemesis Jason Witten, and linebacker Sean Lee set up a touchdown run by Rod Smith as the Cowboys scored three times in a 4:41 span late in the fourth quarter to beat the still reeling Giants 30-10 on Sunday.
“To me, the biggest part of this game was the finish,” Cowboys coach Jason Garrett said. “That's always a huge emphasis for us, finishing plays, finishing drives and ultimately finishing the game.”
The Cowboys (7-6) did just that in keeping their slim playoff hopes alive.
The biggest play might have been Prescott's 54-yard third down pass play to Cole Beasley. Witten scored on the next play to break a 10-all tie with 7:38 to play and it seemed to take the air out of the Giants (2-11).
“We know what we got to do,” Beasley said. “We can't play that way. We have to focus on Dallas Cowboy football, taking it one at a time. You can't think ahead. We could win all of them and not get in.”
After a punt, Rod Smith scored on an 81-yard pass play on third down with 4:08 to play and they closed out the scoring with 2:57 to play with their run on a play that looked as if no one on the Giants wanted to tackle him.
“We knew we needed a play. Guys aren't panicking,” Beasley said. “I wouldn't say we were desperate. When you're desperate, you start reaching a little bit, maybe start trying too hard. You have to stay within the system and stay within the game and keep playing and eventually have faith that those things will happen.”
Prescott, who was 20 of 30 for a career-high 332 yards also threw a 50-yard scoring pass to Dez Bryant as the Cowboys stayed in the playoff hunt with three games left in the regular season. Dan Bailey added a 21-yard field goal as the Cowboys finished with 454 yards.
Manning, who got a standing ovation taking the field, threw a 1-yard TD pass to Rhett Ellison late in the second quarter that gave New York a brief 10-3 lead. Aldrick Rosas had a 39-yard field goal. Manning finished 31 of 46 for 228 yards with a touchdown and two late interceptions.
“Nothing's easy, but we hung in there and have played tough,” Manning said. “Dallas made a couple big plays, and we didn't.”
The game capped a hectic week for the Giants that started Monday with the firing of second-year coach Ben McAdoo and general manager Jerry Reese and saw Spagnuolo promoted from defensive coordinator to interim coach. They coached the St. Louis Rams from 2009-11.
The moves came with the Giants spiraling out of control in a season where much was expected following their first playoff appearance since 2011.
Fans were also upset with the benching of Manning days earlier in a loss to Oakland, a decision that ended the two-time Super Bowl MVP's streak of 210 consecutive starts.
“I'm really proud of the men in that locker room. I told them that,” Spagnuolo said. “After all we went through this week, I thought the way we came out and the way we played for three and a half quarters was something we could be proud of. We do have to figure out a way in the fourth quarter when it gets down to gut-wrenching time to make a play or two.”
Losing close games has been a theme for the Giants this season, and it happened again despite all the changes.
“We knew the situation that they were in,” Giants defensive end Jason Pierre-Paul said. “We knew that they had to come and get this win to keep the run going for the playoffs and we just couldn't execute and finish right.”
Bailey, who usually never misses a field goal against the Giants, had a 53-yarder hit the right upright in the second quarter and they were wide right from 50 in the third.
The first half ended 10-all with both teams having long opening drives that ended in field goals and then getting late touchdowns passes.
Manning found Ellison from a yard out to cap a 68-yard drive and Prescott drove the Cowboys 75 yards in four plays with Bryant breaking a tackle and scoring from 50.
UP NEXT
Cowboy: at Oakland on Sunday night.
Giants: host Philadelphia on Sunday.
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and — http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
OROVILLE, Calif. (AP) — The stress of evacuation and an uncertain future were enough for Donald Azevedo and their family to opt to stay a few more nights in an emergency shelter rather than risk having to do it all again.
The family was among the nearly 200,000 Californians who live downstream from the country's tallest dam who were told they could return home but warned they may have to flee again if repairs made to the battered Oroville Dam spillways don't hold.
The fixes could be put to their first test later this week with the first of a series of small storms forecast for the region expected to reach the area Wednesday night.
“There is the prospect that we could issue another evacuation order if the situation changes and the risk increases,” Butte County Sheriff Kory Honea said Tuesday, telling residents they could return home but to remain vigilant.
Advertisement
That's why Azevedo wasn't budging yet.
“My plan is to stay here,” said Azevedo, who evacuated from Marysville with their wife, Tasha, their four Chihuahuas and more than 30 relatives. They spent two nights at the Nevada County Fairgrounds in Grass Valley, Calif. and they planned to wait out this week's upcoming storm before returning home. Many at the shelter said a drive that should have taken one hour took six hours on Sunday.
“I'm not trying to risk traffic, being stuck in floods. I'm safe where I'm at,” Azevedo said.
Many other evacuees, such as Oroville resident Margaret Johnston, couldn't wait to get back home.
“You don't appreciate home until it's taken away from you,” said Johnston, 69, who spent the last two nights sheltering at a church in Chico, California. As they packed the blankets, pillows and clothing they had hastily thrown into a black garbage bag, they reflected on the mad rush to leave, the chaos, confusion and bottleneck traffic on the drive out. “It was just frustrating. Very frustrating.”
Residents living below the Oroville Dam were suddenly ordered to evacuate Sunday afternoon after authorities had assured them for nearly a week that the dam was sound despite a gaping and growing hole found in the structure's main spillway. The order came after authorities feared an earthen emergency spillway used when the lake behind the dam overflows its capacity appeared ready to fail Sunday because of erosion.
Two days after issuing the evacuation order, officials lifted it Tuesday but uncertainty remained.
Over the weekend, the swollen lake spilled down the unpaved emergency spillway for nearly 40 hours, leaving it badly eroded. The problem occurred six days after engineers discovered a growing hole in the dam's main concrete spillway.
State and federal officials ignored calls in 2005 from environmental groups to armor the earthen spillway in concrete to prevent erosion. Federal regulators concluded the earthen spillway could handle a large amount of overflow after water agencies that would have had to pay for the upgrade argued it was unnecessary.
Others fear the real test is still to come in the weeks ahead when a record amount of snowfall melts in nearby mountains.
The California Department of Water Resources said Tuesday night the Oroville Dam's water levels continued to decrease but it didn't say by how much.
State water officials said earlier Tuesday the reservoir's water level had been reduced 15 feet by Tuesday afternoon. Officials hope to continue using a damaged main spillway to drain the lake another 37 feet in preparation for coming rain. They say they have drained enough water that the emergency spillway will not be needed to handle runoff from the approaching storm.
Forecasts call for 2-4 inches of rain and snow in the foothills and mountains starting Wednesday night. But the storm was looking colder than initially projected, meaning less rain and less runoff than last week's storms.
Dozens of construction crews were working around the clock dropping 1,200 tons of material on the earthen emergency spillway per hour using heavy equipment and helicopters and the area is being continually monitored with the help of drones carrying cameras, the state water agency said.
Preliminary estimates say permanently fixing the hole in the main spillway could cost $100 million to $200 million, Croyle said. Experts are drawing up plans for repairs that will begin after the spring runoff season ends.
Gov. Jerry Brown said late Tuesday that the Federal Emergency Management Agency approved their request for federal assistance with the Oroville dam situation.
State officials clearly were on the defensive about their decision to call for mass evacuations Sunday, just a few hours after saying the situation was stable, forcing families to rush to pack up and get out.
Honea, the county sheriff, said Tuesday that the call to order nearly 200,000 people to higher ground protected lives and bought time for water experts to address the problems.
But after two days away from home, tens of thousands of evacuees were growing weary. They welcomed the news they could return home but vowed to heed the sheriff's warning to remain vigilant.
Rod Remocal said they and their wife would now be ready to leave their Biggs home near the dam at a moment's notice after fleeing in a rush Sunday.
“We're all coming back and pack and be ready this time,” Remocal said. “This time we're going to be on call like they said.”
___
Elias reported from San Francisco.
___
Contributing to this report were Jocelyn Gecker, Olga R. Rodriguez and Kristin Bender in San Francisco; Don Thompson in Sacramento; Terry Chea in Grass Valley, California; Ellen Knickmeyer in Sonoma, California; and John Antczak and Justin Pritchard in Los Angeles.
By The Associated Press
Shelby bucks Alabama GOP leaders in voting against Moore
Sandy Hook's legacy: More security in elementary schools
Sexual misconduct often part of the job in hospitality work
New evacuations as huge Southern California fire flares up
Officials: Whales, after deadly year, could become extinct
Pioneering black journalist Simeon Booker dies at age 99
Racial dispute at beloved bakery roils liberal college town
After allegations, Moore avoids spotlight, questions
Poet Robert Frost's original Christmas cards on display
Scholarship for Muslim women honors pioneering scientist
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
COLUMBUS, Ind. -- A 7-year-old Columbus girl was treated for the flu and scarlet fever before their death, according to the coroner.
Bartholomew County Coroner Clayton Nolting said Savanna Jessie was found unresponsive in their home Thursday morning and rushed to Columbus Regional Hospital where they were pronounced dead.
Nolting said the child was being treated after testing positive for influenza B, strep throat and scarlet fever.
An autopsy will be performed by a forensic pathologist to determine their exact cause of death.
Nolting says a final ruling on their cause of death is pending review of medical records, toxicology and histology reports and could take up to three weeks.
According to a YouCaring page set up for the family, Savanna leaves behind their father, mother and several siblings.
"Savanna was a beautiful, funny, loving little girl. They had a very wonderful and tight-knit family," page organizer Linda Schadenfroh posted. "She was not the type to complain about the things they didn't have or what others did have. Savanna valued everything they had. They were a fly by the seat of the pants kind of girl. They loved everybody and everybody loved her."
Bartholomew Consolidated School Corporation released a statement Friday afternoon saying a first grader at CSA Lincoln Elementary School had died.
You can read their full statement and information to parents below.
By The Associated Press
Buffalo 0 0 2 0—2 St. Louis 1 1 0 1—3
First Period_1, St. Louis, Schenn 16 (Edmundson, Steen), 0:40.
Second Period_2, St. Louis, Stastny 7 (Edmundson, Tarasenko), 16:17.
Third Period_3, Buffalo, Rodrigues 1 (Kane, Reinhart), 1:42 (pp). 4, Buffalo, Rodrigues 2 (Scandella, O'Reilly), 18:33.
Overtime_5, St. Louis, Tarasenko 14 (Stastny, Parayko), 4:24.
Shots on Goal_Buffalo 7-7-9-1_24. St. Louis 16-9-16-4_45.
Power-play opportunities_Buffalo 1 of 4; St. Louis 0 of 3.
Goalies_Buffalo, Lehner 6-12-4 (45 shots-42 saves). St. Louis, Allen 17-6-2 (24-22).
A_17,310 (19,150). T_2:33.
Referees_Eric Furlatt, Brad Watson. Linesmen_Devin Berg, Scott Cherrey.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Vista, California (webnewswire) May 22, 2018 – With 30 years of experience, Honor Life has been offering unparalleled service in California through a large network of funeral homes and cemeteries. In addition to this, they have also been serving families directly with custom headstones, memorial benches and more.
“We use an innovative Rayzist engraving process that allows our headstones and benches to achieve the best quality detailing. Our handcrafted work assured premium quality that lasts for generations,” says the Head of tombstone design at Honor Life.
Regardless of whether you intend to get a flat lawn marker, are performing the burial at a private estate or intend to perform a civic or even pet memorial, the wonderful people at Honor Life takes the utmost care is delivering the best work for your service.
Families looking for custom engraving and designs gain access to a world of premium grave markers, memorials, monuments and benches. Choose from a variety of materials and designs that help truly represent the life and times of the soul that has passed, allowing them to remember for generations to come.
In addition to this, Honor Life also offers artistically designed cremation earns, memorial keepsakes, pet headstones, photo stones and a host of other innovative ways to immortalize a loved one's memory. The designers at Honor Life are more than happy to keep the family members involved through the design process. a live preview of the headstone is made available, allowing loved ones to make sure that the memorial is designed to perfection.
Whether one requires Honor Life's services for an unexpected passing or one wishes to make arrangements for yourself before your passing, the company offers excellent services for this rather emotionally challenging decision. Honor Life works closely with cemeteries to understand specifications and installation requirements before confirming an order. Many cemeteries have requirements with regards to the type of material, color and size one can install by a grave. The company also offers a Rush service for expedited shipping for unexpected deaths.
About Honor Life,
The memorials produced at Honor Life has manufactured using the toughest material allowing them to survive the test of time, enabling generations to show their respect to their ancestors over the years. For more details, visit http://honorlife.com
Contact Details
Name: R. Willis
Address: 955 Park Center Drive, Vista, CA, United States, 92081
Phone Number: (760) 542-6363
###
NEW YORK: An undercover FBI agent helped thwart a jihadist plot to attack targets including New York's subway and Times Square, authorities announced in unsealing the charges Friday.
Three people have been charged with involvement in the planned attacks, which were to be carried out in the name of the Islamic State group during the Muslim holy fasting month of Ramadan in 2016.
The 2015 attack on the Bataclan concert hall in Paris and another on the metro in Belgium the following year served as inspiration for the planned killings in New York.
Those attacks were both claimed by IS, a brutal militant group that seized swathes of territory in Iraq and Syria and has inspired a series of deadly attacks abroad.
Abdulrahman El Bahnasawy, a 19-year-old Canadian who purchased bombmaking materials and was arrested after travelling to the US, has pled guilty to “terrorism offenses,” the statement said.
Talha Haroon, a 19-year-old American citizen living in Pakistan, allegedly planned to take part in the attacks, while Russell Salic of the Philippines, 37, allegedly provided funds for the operation.
The attacks were thwarted with the help of an undercover FBI agent posing as an IS supporter who communicated with the three plotters.
Haroon and Salic have been arrested abroad, and their extradition to the US is pending.
“El Bahnasawy and Haroon identified multiple locations and events in and around New York City as targets of the planned attacks, including the New York City subway system, Times Square and certain concert venues,” the statement said.
El Bahnasawy sent the undercover FBI agent an image of Times Square, saying that “we seriously need a car bomb” to attack it and that they wanted to “shoot up concerts cuz they kill a lot of people.”
Haroon, meanwhile, told the agent that the subway would make a “perfect” target, and that suicide vests could be detonated after the attackers expended their ammunition.
Salic also began communicating with the FBI agent, eventually sending “approximately $423” to fund the attacks and promising to send more, according to prosecutors.
New York was the target of September 11, 2001, attacks that killed nearly 3,000 people and led the US to launch an open-ended “war on terror” that included invasions of Afghanistan and Iraq and military operations in a number of other countries.
These operations led, directly and indirectly, to tens of thousands of deaths, and cost the US hundreds of billions of dollars.
The most recent attack in New York occurred in September 2016, when a pressure cooker bomb exploded in the Chelsea neighbourhood, wounding 29 people.
Researchers at the University of São Paulo (USP), in Brazil, are testing a technique in mice that combines low-intensity electric current with a formulation containing nanoencapsulated chemotherapy to treat skin cancer.
Applying a low-intensity unidirectional current is one of the ways to ensure that chemical substances penetrate the skin, pushed into the bloodstream through the electric field using a technique known as iontophoresis.
According to preliminary results of the study, cancer-induced mice which received the formulation combined with iontophoresis presented a significantly greater reduction in the size of the tumor than those that received it through injection.
"One of the challenges involved in this type of topical treatment is ensuring that the drug penetrates the stratum corneum - the outermost layer of the epidermis, composed mainly of dead cells. It is an important tissue barrier against the entry of microorganisms, but it also makes it more difficult for medicines to penetrate," explained Renata Fonseca Vianna Lopez, who supervises the Thematic Project supported by the São Paulo Research Foundation - FAPESP and is also a at the School of Pharmaceutical Sciences of Ribeirão Preto (FCFRP-USP).
In the case of skin cancer, however, the intent is not that the drug penetrates the tissue to get into the bloodstream, but rather that it becomes concentrated in the area below the stratum corneum that requires treatment. This is the reason why, in the study led by Lopez, they chose to place the chemotherapeutic agent inside nanoparticles.
In vivo tests
Using mice, the researchers induced the formation of a tumor associated with one of the most common types of skin cancer - squamous cell carcinoma - through a subcutaneous injection of human tumor cells that overexpress the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR). Lopez explained that the presence of this protein causes the tumor to become more aggressive.
The treatment was conducted using a formulation containing chemotherapy agent 5-fluorouracil encapsulated in a nanoparticle (liposome) that functions as an anti-EGFR antibody. The malignant cells are able to capture a larger quantity of the drug encapsulated in these liposomes.
One group of rodents received the tumor formulation through subcutaneous injections and another group received it through topical application combined with iontophoresis. Lopez compared both methods and thus assessed:
"In addition to reducing the size of the tumor, the topical treatment left the tumor less aggressive. We believe that this method combined with iontophoresis allows the drug to be dispersed over the entire area of the tumor, whereas the subcutaneous application causes it to be concentrated in a single location," Lopez noted.
Versatile technique
In another study, Lopez' group used a stiffer type of polymeric nanoparticle, one containing the anti-inflammatory dexamethasone associated with iontophoresis for the treatment of uveitis - an inflammation of the eye tissue. The results, published in 2015 in the Journal of Controlled Release, are the outcome of the doctoral thesis of Joel Gonçalves Souza, winner of the 2015 Capes Thesis Award in Pharmacy.
"When we apply the medicine directly to the eye, it is quickly eliminated through the defense mechanisms, such as tears. Increased penetration and better results are obtained by using the application method combined with iontophoresis," Lopez said.
Currently, in dissertation research by Camila Lemos, the group plans to test a method that uses iontophoresis in the treatment of chronic wounds such as those that develop in patients with diabetes.
"In this case, we are not dealing with the stratum corneum barrier. We use iontophoresis to assess its influence on release of the substance of interest in a formulation, and to investigate its effect on the growth of microorganisms," Lopez explained.
The strategy consists of placing a peptide having anti-inflammatory properties on a film made of fibers extracted from the cocoon of a silkworm (fibroin). The film is placed on the wound as a dressing, to which an electric current is then applied.
"When we placed the peptide directly on the wound, it degraded very quickly. When placed on the film, however, release occurs in a slower and more sustained way. Iontophoresis allows a larger amount of the peptide to be released from the film at the start of treatment to accelerate healing," the researcher explained.
Lopez went on to say that preliminary results suggest that iontophoresis also stops the proliferation of some types of microorganisms (particularly gram-positive bacteria) that could aggravate wounds.
###
About São Paulo Research Foundation (FAPESP)
ST. LOUIS (AP) - The legal battle between lawyers from Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens and St. Louis prosecutors is escalating, with a judge considering Tuesday a request to disqualify the circuit attorney's office from a felony case over Greitens' use of charity donor list for their 2016 gubernatorial campaign.
Defense lawyers in a court filing Monday asked Circuit Judge Rex Burlison to require a special prosecutor in the computer tampering case in which Greitens is accused of obtaining the charity donor list without permission. Chief among their concerns were the actions of William Tisaby, a former FBI agent hired by St. Louis Circuit Attorney Kim Gardner to investigate Greitens in a separate case in which they are charged with felony invasion of privacy for allegedly taking an unauthorized and compromising photo of a woman with whom they had an affair in 2015, before they were elected.
Greitens has denied criminal wrongdoing in both cases and called Gardner a "reckless liberal prosecutor."
A hearing on the defense request for a special prosecutor is scheduled for Tuesday afternoon.
Defense attorneys say Tisaby lied when they said they didn't take notes when they and Gardner on Jan. 29 interviewed the woman with whom Greitens had an affair. A videotape of the interview provided to defense lawyers earlier this month appears to show Tisaby taking notes.
Defense attorneys argued in their court filing that the prosecutor's office "has conceded that its lead investigator in the invasion of privacy case has given false testimony under oath. It further appears undisputed that the Circuit Attorney was aware of this false testimony and, in fact, elicited some of it."
In a filing in response to the motion, Gardner said the defense argument "presents the very real prospect that courts will be called upon to appoint a special prosecutor in every case where the defendant has aggressively attacked the methods and conduct of the prosecutor in one case, to preclude the prosecution of other meritorious cases against the defendant."
Prosecutors have conceded Tisaby made mistakes, and the judge already has declined to dismiss the invasion of privacy case over them. Tisaby has not returned phone and email messages from The Associated Press seeking comment.
During a hearing Monday, Gardner said Tisaby is no longer the lead investigator in the invasion of privacy case. Assistant Circuit Attorney Robert Steele said Anthony Box, recently hired to lead investigations in the office, is in charge.
Greitens' trial in that case is scheduled for May 14.
Trial for the computer data tampering case hasn't yet been set. That case involves The Mission Continues, a St. Louis-based veterans charity Greitens founded.
Attorneys for the Republican governor also are asking that Republican Attorney General Josh Hawley's office be blocked from investigating Greitens, citing a conflict of interest because Hawley called on Greitens to resign after a special House committee released a report earlier this month with testimony alleging Greitens was sexually aggressive toward the woman with whom they had the affair. A hearing on that request is Thursday in Cole County.
The circuit attorney's office said Greitens is seeking to distract from their troubles.
"The defendant's motivation is transparent: they wish to disable both the Circuit Attorney and the Attorney General - the responsible elected officers charged with enforcement of the criminal laws - from proceeding on a criminal charge, in an obvious effort to delay the cause so as to deflect the General Assembly from pursuing its own agenda. The Court should not aid or abet this gambit," a Monday court filing said.
This week's farcical dumping of the Ross Glendinning Medal is another sign that administrators have forgotten that they are only the game's caretakers, while people and tradition are its heartbeat.
Tradition matters, but it is constantly pushed aside without care for the game's culture.
The days of playing at suburban grounds needed to change to but it took administrators too long to recognise the shift to massive stadiums robbed the people of a feeling of home. Now, we talk about match day experiences and clubs are searching for ways to re-generate passion.
That brings us West Coast's pre-game Huddle and Fremantle playing Purple Reign.
West Coast don't even run through a banner any more. Other clubs use the banner as a sponsorship advertisement.
The curtain raiser is back this season after fans demanded it for more than a decade. But those games aren't reserves matches. The reserves competition got killed off and clubs either aligned themselves with state league teams or introduced their own team.
That's led to Peel winning the last two WAFL flags with a team stacked full of AFL players. It also led to Hawthorn telling Box Hill to rest Cyril Rioli in the final quarter of a VFL grand final when the game was on the line. Box Hill lost.
When was the last time you saw someone driving home after a game with a team scarf hanging out their window? People stand in queues at the train station instead.
The debate around playing a night grand final won't go away. Apparently it will make the entertainment better.
Can you remember who sang at the grand final the last time your team played? I can't. In fact, I can't even remember who sang in 2016. But I can tell you that the Bulldogs won the flag that year.
Camera Icon Aaron Sandilands with their Glendinning Medal in 2009. Picture: WA News
Clubs constantly change jumpers in a bid to sell more merchandise and players change clubs under free agency. There was a time when one-club players were revered. Now, we're debating clubs being able to trade players mid-season.
The post-game kick to kick on the oval barely happens any more. The AFL at least made a statement about maintaining something unique by not scrapping the centre bounce.
Fans love footy because it is unique. It's not the NBA, NFL or EPL. Our traditions matter.
By removing Ross Glendinning's name from the derby medal, Fremantle are ignoring 17 years of tradition. That's not a long time, but it's still the only medal that's ever been awarded between the clubs.
Now, the Eagles are going to present a Glendinning Medal to their best player. If, West Coast loses by 100 points this week and Shannon Hurn wins the medal, he'll be a dual Ross Glendinning Medal winner. But the medals will be for different reasons.
Watch every piece of biffo from the Western Derby of 2000, famously known as the Demolition Derby. The West Australian Video Watch every piece of biffo from the Western Derby of 2000, famously known as the Demolition Derby.
Fremantle's Paul Hasleby will still be a four-time Ross Glendinning medallist. But the award which they covet will now be a purely West Coast honour. It's enough to drive you crazy.
The Dockers have said “that the time was right to strike a new medal that more fairly and appropriately recognises the player history of both clubs.”
Fremantle's best and fairest isn't even named after someone who played for the club and they train at an oval in Cockburn named after a club benefactor.
Administrators have had the chance to recognise their great players in many ways but instead have chosen to end a tradition and cause embarrassment to a WA football great.
Traditions matter. Culture matters. The caretakers of the game should never forget that.
Vodacom launches SMS emergency service for the deaf
Vodacom has launched what it believes to be South Africa's first SMS emergency service for deaf, hearing- and speech-impaired customers.
The Vodacom 082 112 SMS Emergency Service is free for Vodacom Prepaid, Contract and Top Up customers who are deaf, hearing and speech impaired.
Previously deaf and hearing impaired persons were unable to contact an emergency service centre as it could only be accessed via voice calls.
The new Vodacom 082 112 SMS emergency service now provides deaf and hearing-impaired customers with the option to request emergency services such as police, fire and ambulance services by sending an SMS to 082 112.
In order to use this new service, customers can register their details by sending an SMS to 082 112.
Karen Smit, Vodacom principal specialist for specific needs, comments: “We are confident that this initiative will assist in promoting the ability to communicate for deaf and hearing-impaired customers through digital inclusion as they can now request help should they experience an emergency situation.”
YORK – After nearly 24 years as the Police Chief of York, Don Klug announced they will be retiring.
Before coming to York, Klug served on the Norfolk Police Department for 17 years. They then moved to York and took the Police Chief jobs in 1993.
Klug said it was “just the right time” to step down. While they won't be active in the police department anymore, they said they have no intentions of leaving the community.
Klug's last day will be April 25.
NEW YORK (AP) — Goldman Sachs had a rare miss in its first quarter results, the bank said Tuesday, as its typically best-in-class trading desks did not perform as well as its competitors. The bank's stock to fall in pre-market trading.
The New York-based investment bank earned $2.16 billion compared with $1.2 billion in the same period a year earlier. On a per-share basis, Goldman Sachs earned $5.15 a share versus $2.68 a share in the same period a year earlier. But Goldman's results were well below the $5.31 a share expected by analysts, according to FactSet.
In a statement, Goldman Sachs Chairman and CEO Lloyd Blankfein called the quarter “mixed” and that client activity was “challenged.”
Unlike its competitors, Goldman's trading desks struggled in the first quarter. The bank's trading division had net revenue of $3.36 billion in the first quarter, down 2 percent from a year earlier and down 7 percent from the fourth quarter. Trading revenues in bonds, currencies and commodities was effectively flat in quarter while trading revenues for stocks were down 6 percent from a year earlier.
Advertisement
The hit to Goldman's trading in the first quarter is a rare misstep for a bank known to have some of the best traders on Wall Street. JPMorgan Chase, Citigroup and Bank of America's trading divisions all reported increases in trading last quarter.
Goldman's investment banking business grew profits in the quarter, but its growth was not all the different from its competition. Investment banking net revenue was $1.7 billion in the quarter, up 16 percent from a year earlier. Underwriting revenue rose 37 percent from a year earlier.
Firm wide, the bank's had net revenue of $8.03 billion compared with $6.34 billion in the same period a year earlier. That also missed analysts' expectations of $8.37 billion.
Shares of Goldman Sachs sank 3 percent in pre-market trading to $219.99.
In the NFL, the little things that coaches preach about often turn into big things that few people see or remember in a game.
Such was the case for the Dallas Cowboys in their 30-10 win over the New York Giants Sunday.
Before the two fourth-quarter touchdowns by Rod Smith.
Before Jason Witten's 20-yard touchdown catch.
Never miss a local story. Sign up today for a free 30 day free trial of unlimited digital access. SUBSCRIBE NOW
There was the block and shield.
More Videos 1:53 Dak Prescott on big plays, big win in Big Apple Pause 0:46 Here are the top playmakers in the Packers' win over the Cowboys 1:38 Dallas Cowboys visit Cook Children's Hospital 0:46 “You're talking to a dreamer," says Cowboys owner Jerry Jones 1:32 See the major changes coming to TCU's football stadium in these newly-released renderings 1:32 The truth about prescription opioids and addiction 1:32 Want an exotic pet in Fort Worth? The Humane Society of North Texas has you covered 0:31 Tarrant County's 10 Most Wanted Criminals, December 6 0:32 Adrian Beltre on Cole Hamels' dominant night 0:45 TCU's Del Conte: Football and baseball 'rose the entire athletic program' Video Link copy Embed Code copy
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Dak Prescott on big plays, big win in Big Apple Dallas Cowboys quarterback Dak Prescott talks big plays, big win against New York Giants Sunday afternoon in East Rutherford, N.J. Dak Prescott on big plays, big win in Big Apple Dallas Cowboys quarterback Dak Prescott talks big plays, big win against New York Giants Sunday afternoon in East Rutherford, N.J. Stefan Stevenson sstevenson@star-telegram.com
The game-turning play was a 54-yard catch and run by Cole Beasley on a third-and-2 play from the Dallas 26-yard line.
Dak Prescott threw a short pass left to Beasley, who turned inward after the catch and began running down the field. They received a shield block (more standing in the way than physical contact, but it works) by Dez Bryant and another block by Terrance Williams that allowed Beasley to take the ball to the Giants' 20.
On the next play, Prescott threw a touchdown to Jason Witten to give the Cowboys a 17-10 lead with 7 minutes, 38 seconds left in the game.
What could have been a 15- or 20-yard gain became a momentum-swinging 54-yard gain and led to the go-ahead touchdown.
Later in the game, Williams and Bryant escorted Rod Smith into the end zone on an 81-yard score as five New York defenders pursued.
“I really wasn't expecting it, but I felt like I was open. They threw it to me and I just went to the house,” Smith said. “I had T-dub (Williams) and Dez out there blocking, escorting me, so I appreciate them for that.”
The stat sheets will show Bryant with three catches for 73 yards and one touchdown and Williams with three catches for 25 yards.
There is no statistical category for what Bryant and Williams did on those other big plays or how they influenced them with their routes down the field. Yet, their play helped set in motion a 20-point fourth quarter that keeps the Cowboys' slim playoff hopes alive.
“There are a lot of little plays that happen within a play like that. A last shove by an offensive lineman that gives the quarterback a place to throw. The location of the ball by the quarterback. Or maybe a block after the ball is caught,” Cowboys coach Jason Garrett said. “A lot of guys are involved in those plays. That's always an emphasis for us. A lot of little plays make some big plays for you and that certainly happened today.”
INDIANAPOLIS (AP) — Health insurers Anthem and Cigna are now trading lawsuits instead of working together to salvage their shaky $48-billion buyout agreement.
The Blue Cross-Blue Shield carrier Anthem said Wednesday that it is seeking a restraining order to block its smaller rival from terminating their deal, which has already been blocked by a federal judge.
Cigna announced Tuesday that it was suing Anthem and seeking more than $13 billion in damages for what it says were Anthem's breaches of the merger agreement. Anthem had filed documents seeking an expedited appeal to the judge's ruling a day before Cigna's complaint landed in federal court.
The two companies announced Anthem's plan to buy Cigna in 2015 a few weeks after two other insurers, Aetna Inc. and Humana Inc., announced a similar combination. But the Department of Justice sued to stop both acquisitions, and separate federal judges recently rejected them after a trial partially over concerns about their impact on consumers.
Advertisement
Aetna and Humana announced Tuesday they were ending their deal.
But Anthem said Wednesday that there still was enough time and “a viable path forward” for completing its deal.
The Indianapolis insurer added that Cigna's lawsuit was the next step in that company's “campaign to sabotage the merger and to try to deflect attention from its repeated willful breaches” of the deal.
It listed several maneuvers that it says that Cigna attempted to sabotage the deal. Anthem said Cigna refuses to allow meetings with its senior management team and has repeatedly delayed producing data.
Anthem also said Cigna's CEO attacked the combined company's ability to achieve savings on medical costs during trial testimony.
A Cigna spokesperson did not immediately return a call from The Associated Press seeking comment.
HUNTSVILLE, Ala. (AP) — Alabama Democrats see Tuesday's special Senate election as a chance to renounce a history littered with politicians whose race-baiting, bombast and other baggage have long soiled the state's reputation beyond its borders.
Many Republicans see the vote as chance to ratify their conservative values and protect President Donald Trump's agenda ahead of the 2018 midterm elections.
At the center are Republican Roy Moore, a former jurist twice removed as state chief justice and now accused of sexual misconduct with teenage girls decades ago, and Democrat Doug Jones, an erstwhile federal prosecutor best known for prosecuting two Ku Klux Klansmen responsible for killing four black girls in the 1963 bombing of Birmingham's 16th Street Baptist Church.
The winner will take the seat held previously by Trump's attorney general, Jeff Sessions. Republicans control the Senate with 52 seats.
Advertisement
In truth, the matchup mixes both Alabama's tortured history and the nation's current divisive, bitterly partisan politics, and it has made a spectacle of a Deep South state well acquainted with national scrutiny but not accustomed to competitive general elections.
“This is an election to tell the whole world what we stand for,” Jones told supporters at one stop Sunday, adding that their campaign “is on the right side of history.” At an earlier appearance, they declared Alabama is “at a crossroads” and that Moore, an unapologetic evangelical populist, tries only to “create conflict and division.”
Jones, 63, stops short of explicitly comparing Moore to the four-term Gov. George Wallace, whose populism was rooted in segregation. But Jones alluded Sunday to that era of Alabama politics.
“Elect a responsible man to a responsible office,” Jones said, repeating the campaign slogan of another Alabama governor, Albert Brewer, who nearly defeated Wallace in 1970 in a contest Alabama liberals and many moderates still lament as a lost opportunity.
Some of Jones' supporters put it even more bluntly. “I thought Alabama's image was pretty much at the bottom,” said Pat Lawrence, a retired software engineer in Huntsville. A Moore win, Lawrence added, “will be a whole new bottom.”
Those concerns extend even to some GOP quarters. Alabama's senior senator, Richard Shelby, confirmed Sunday that they did not vote for Moore, saying they wrote in another “distinguished” party figure they declined to name.
Yet for many Republicans, Moore is a paragon of traditional values. They reject accusations that they molested two teenage girls and pursued relationships with others decades ago. Moore denies the charges.
“Everyone has to vote their convictions,” said Kevin Mims of Montgomery, as they held their Bible outside their Baptist church Sunday in Montgomery. “My conviction is he's the right man for the job.”
Where Moore's critics see a state judge who defied federal courts, including the U.S. Supreme Court's decision legalizing same-sex marriage, Mims sees a stalwart who stands “on the word of God.” Other conservatives see an anti-establishment firebrand in the mold of Trump, who won Alabama by 28 percentage points.
Moore encourages that view with fundraising emails that urge backers to help them “defeat the elite,” a swipe at both Democrats and the establishment Republicans who tried to deny them the GOP nomination earlier this year.
Ultimately, Republicans from Moore to Trump themselves are betting on a simple bottom line: Most Alabama conservatives simply won't defect to a Democrat.
“If Alabama elects liberal Democrat Doug Jones, all of our progress will be stopped cold,” Trump says in a robocall the Moore campaign plans to push out Monday.
The president also invokes a common fear among Republicans, calling Jones “a puppet of Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer,” the Democratic House and Senate leaders in Washington, both of them reviled by conservative voters. “Roy Moore is the guy we need to pass our Make American Great Again agenda,” the president insists.
Moore's baggage could make it difficult to draw conclusions about what the results might mean beyond Alabama, but both parties are watching closely.
Democrats need to flip 24 GOP-held seats to reclaim a House majority, and they're trying to dent the slim Republican advantage in the Senate and its dominance of statehouses around the country. In many of those races, they'll need the same thing Jones must get to win in Alabama: strong turnout among young and non-white voters, along with improved performance among suburban moderates.
A Jones victory would be hailed as a potential precursor, and Democrats have indicated they have a post-Alabama strategy even if Jones loses: They'll take Alabama's brand national, hammering Republicans as “the party of Donald Trump and Roy Moore.”
—–
Barrow reported from Mobile, Alabama. Follow Barrow on Twitter at https://twitter.com/BillBarrowAP and Chandler at https://twitter.com/StatehouseKim.
Global Organic Soups Market: Overview
The global organic soups market estimated valuation is US$1,895.5 Mn in 2017 and is anticipated to be worth US$2,497.8 Mn by the end of 2022. Witnessing profound potential in the food retail sector in various regions, the market is estimated to expand at a CAGR of 5.7% during 2017–2022.
The demand for fresh, all-natural, and gluten-free foods among consumers has gained prominence in recent years in various parts of the world. The rising demand for packaged soups that are sourced using natural ingredients, have loads of nutrients, and fresh in flavor and taste is a key factor propelling the demand for organic soups in the food sector. These soups are packaged so as to facilitate easy storage and allows convenience in preparation. The advent of organic soups that compare favorably with home-made soups in terms of nutrients and freshness is a crucial factor fueling the growth of the market. The rising interest among consumers in low-sodium soups and their growing proclivity for all-natural soups also containing a variety of exotic blends and flavors are key factors expected to catalyze the market throughout the forecast period.
Request For Report Brochure For Latest Industry Insights @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=31418
Extensive Demand for Instant Ready Soups to Account for Dominance of Ready to Serve Wet Soups
The major product types of organic soups are soup pre-mixes, ready to serve wet soups, and condensed wet soups. Of these, the ready to serve wet soup segment accounts for the dominant share. The demand for these types of organic soups is preferred on account of easy preparation methods. Furthermore, the burgeoning demand for quick meal among families in various developing regions is a prominent trend likely to accentuate the demand.
The estimated share of the segment of serve wet soup is 32.5% in 2017 or US$ 615.1 Mn of the market. The segment is projected rise at 6.1% CAGR from 2017 to 2022 and is anticipated to be worth US$ 826.9 Mn by the end of the forecast period. Expanding at US$ 42.4 Mn year-over-year over the forecast period, this signifies the leading absolute growth compared to all other segments.
North America to be Major Contributor of Revenue throughout Forecast Period
North America holds the major revenue in 2017 and is projected to do so throughout the forecast period. The regional market is predicted to expand at a CAGR of 6% during 2017–2022. Local distributors expanding their chains and a number of grocery retailers investing in all natural and non-GMO soups are key developments expected to offer a robust fillip to the growth of the North America market for organic soups.
Asia Pacific except Japan (APEJ) to Gain Share in BPS
The APEJ organic soups market is projected to hold a revenue share of 21.5% of the global market by the end 2017 and is anticipated to gain its share by 155 BPS during 2017–2022. The Europe market for organic soups is predicted to rise at an impressive pace in the coming years. The regional market is anticipated to rise at a CAGR of 4.4% from 2017 to 2022, in terms of revenue and is anticipated to reach US$669.9 Mn by the end of the forecast period.
Meanwhile Japan and MEA are also expected to witness moderate demand for organic soups. The organic soups market for Japan is estimated to rise at 4.9% during the forecast period and reach US$98.5 Mn by 2022 end. Furthermore, the MEA organic soups market is projected to register a CAGR of 4.2% during the forecast period and to reach a valuation US$ 50.7 Mn by the end of the period.
Obtain Report Details @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/pressrelease/organic-soups-market.htm
Competitive Analysis
Prominent players operating in the organic soup market include Campbell Soup Company, the Kraft Heinz Company, Unilever PLC, Wolfgang Puck Worldwide, Inc., Trader Joe's Company, Blount Fine Foods, Amy's Kitchen Inc., Hain Celestial Group, Kettle Cuisine, LLC., and General Mills, Inc. Several leading players are boosting their supply chains and developing sourcing strategies to gain a better foothold in the market.
LOS ANGELES (AP) — Bruce Brown, director of the classic surfing film “The Endless Summer,” has died. They were 80.
The general manager of Brown's film company Alex Mecl says Brown died Sunday in Santa Barbara, California, of natural causes.
Brown and their 1966 documentary “The Endless Summer” created the modern image of surfers as spiritual seekers on a quest, rather than thugs or buffoons.
And, along with the Beach Boys, they took surfing from a quirky hobby to a fundamental part of American culture.
Advertisement
“Endless Summer” was actually Brown's sixth surfing film, and like all the others it was shot on a tiny budget with Brown performing nearly every duty, from camera man to narrator.
The film follows two surfers as they hop hemispheres to constantly surf wherever it is summer.
Their charisma and the film's beauty made it an unlikely hit.
By The Associated Press
TORONTO (102)
Anunoby 2-5 0-0 5, Ibaka 8-13 0-0 20, Valanciunas 3-3 2-2 9, Lowry 4-17 4-6 15, DeRozan 9-15 7-11 25, Miles 5-14 0-0 11, Siakam 1-7 0-0 2, Poeltl 4-5 0-0 9, VanVleet 2-5 0-0 4, Powell 1-3 0-0 2. Totals 39-87 13-19 102.
SACRAMENTO (87)
Temple 0-0 0-0 0, Labissiere 2-6 2-3 6, Randolph 9-11 0-2 19, Fox 3-8 0-2 6, Bogdanovic 5-10 1-2 15, Sampson 5-5 0-0 11, Jackson 1-7 0-0 3, Koufos 2-2 0-0 4, Mason 1-10 4-5 6, Carter 0-1 0-0 0, Hield 7-13 0-0 17. Totals 35-73 7-14 87.
Toronto 22 32 25 23—102 Sacramento 17 29 21 20— 87
3-Point Goals_Toronto 11-37 (Ibaka 4-7, Lowry 3-12, Poeltl 1-1, Valanciunas 1-1, Anunoby 1-2, Miles 1-8, DeRozan 0-1, Powell 0-1, Siakam 0-2, VanVleet 0-2), Sacramento 10-23 (Bogdanovic 4-8, Hield 3-5, Sampson 1-1, Randolph 1-3, Jackson 1-3, Carter 0-1, Mason 0-2). Fouled Out_None. Rebounds_Toronto 44 (Lowry 12), Sacramento 42 (Randolph 11). Assists_Toronto 22 (DeRozan 9), Sacramento 15 (Mason, Jackson 3). Total Fouls_Toronto 17, Sacramento 17. A_17,583 (17,608).
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
A funny draft story turned sad with the death of former Eagle Daniel Te'o-Nesheim
A funny draft story turned sad with the death of former Eagle Daniel Te'o-Nesheim Apr 23
Les Bowen has covered the Eagles since 2002. Before that, they covered the Flyers for 13 years. They came to the Daily News from the Charlotte Observer in May 1983, just as the Sixers were winning the NBA championship. They thought, "Gosh, this sort of thing must happen all the time here."
Oklahoma quarterback Baker Mayfield throwing a pass during the Big 12 Conference championship game in December.
1. Cleveland
Baker Mayfield, QB, Oklahoma
Just seems like the kind of guy the Browns would gravitate toward. Plus, the Browns' not taking Sam Darnold sets up my mildly contrarian second overall pick.
2. New York Giants
Sam Darnold, QB, USC
I don't care what Dave Gettleman says at press conferences. You have the second overall pick in the draft, you try to get your QB. If you're smart …
3. New York Jets
Josh Rosen, QB, UCLA
Just seems like the right guy in the right market.
4. Cleveland
Saquon Barkley, RB, Penn State
If you think you've already drafted your QB, then you can spend a top-5 pick on a running back.
5. Denver
Josh Allen, QB, Wyoming
John Elway tries again, and just might whiff again.
6. Indianapolis
Bradley Chubb, DE, N.C. State
Lots of people are thinking corner here and maybe that's the way to go, but the Colts ought to be looking for the guy who will be the biggest difference-maker at sixth overall, and if he's there, that's Chubb.
7. Tampa Bay
Quenton Nelson, G, Notre Dame
Interior pass protection is becoming a much bigger deal than in previous NFL eras.
8. Chicago
Denzel Ward, CB, Ohio State
A team with a lot of needs, and a sure-bet coverage corner with 4.32 speed.
9. San Francisco
Tremaine Edmunds, LB, Va. Tech
A top-10 talent, many experts feel, so I squeezed them into my Top 10. Also, Reuben Foster's legal situation creates a big need.
10. Oakland
Roquan Smith, LB, Georgia
Can go sideline to sideline, in Oakland or Las Vegas.
11. Miami
Derwin James, S, Florida State
Yeah, the Dolphins would have liked one of those QBs I picked 1-2-3. Would they default to QB Mason Rudolph or look for impact elsewhere? I'm gonna say elsewhere.
12. Buffalo
Mason Rudolph, QB, Oklahoma State
Sean McDermott needs their franchise QB. This isn't a great spot to get that. High move-up potential? Or, maybe it all works out.
13. Washington
Vita Vea, DT, Washington
Worst run defense in the NFL. Guy who can stop run. Makes too much sense, so probably won't happen.
14. Green Bay
Minkah Fitzpatrick, S, Alabama
They can be Green Bay's Malcolm Jenkins, a versatile safety who controls coverage.
15. Arizona
Calvin Ridley, WR, Alabama
They have elite speed, and will be Sam Bradford's favorite weapon in both games Sam will be healthy enough to start this season.
16. Baltimore
Marcus Davenport, DE, Texas-San Antonio
The Ravens probably ought to go offense here, but I think this is just about the right spot in the draft for Davenport, and John Harbaugh's heart is with the defense anyhow.
17. Los Angeles Chargers
Da'Ron Payne, DT, Alabama
Would go well paired with Brandon Mebane. Or a silky pinot noir.
18. Seattle
Harold Landry, DE, Boston College
It's time to rebuild the Legion of Boom. Let's start here.
19. Dallas
D.J. Moore, WR, Maryland
Dez Bryant's replacement. Eagles fans are free to hope the Cowboys somehow overlook Moore and take somebody less skilled. He's real good.
20. Detroit
Derrius Guice, RB, LSU
Eagles fans would like to see Guice last until the end of the round, but I doubt that happens.
21. Cincinnati
Will Hernandez, G, Texas El-Paso
There was a time when suggesting a couple of guards could be drafted ahead of the first OT would get your mock roundly mocked. That time has passed. I hope.
22. Buffalo
Mike McGlinchey, OT, Notre Dame
If the Bills don't burn this pick moving up for a QB, I'm gonna say they use it to protect their QB.
23. New England
Kolton Miller, OT, UCLA
Tom Brady will appreciate this pick.
24. Carolina
Courtland Sutton, WR, SMU
Panthers still need weapons, even after acquiring Torrey Smith.
25. Tennessee
Billy Price, C, Ohio State
More first-round interior pass protection. It's a trend.
26. Atlanta
Taven Bryan, DT, Florida
Guys such as Bryan are why interior pass protection has become such a priority.
27. New Orleans
Dallas Goedert, TE, South Dakota State
Size, speed, talent, Drew Brees can work with that.
28. Pittsburgh
Jaire Alexander, CB, Louisville
They run a 4.38 40 and can start right away. He's not a great tackler, though.
29. Jacksonville
Hayden Hurst, TE, South Carolina
I have them this low only because their minor-league baseball career kept them away from football long enough that they will turn 25 in August.
30. Minnesota
Isaiah Wynn, G, Georgia
This is the interior-OL draft, at least on my keyboard.
31. New England
Leighton Vander Esch, LB, Boise State
If you saw the Super Bowl (not many people did, right?), New England's defense needs playmakers. Here's one.
32. Eagles
Ronald Jones II, RB, USC
I'll be a little surprised if the Eagles really draft 32nd. I think they can get Jones or Sony Michel of Georgia even if they move back a bit, adding a pick to an unimpressive allotment. I think Jones has West Coast-offense traits and can add a home-run element that the Eagles' running game might lack. They might have a little LeSean McCoy in him.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Researchers have finally observed something that scientists had speculated about for years but never had a chance to witness: the Sun shredding apart its own, failed solar eruption.
The Sun produces intense solar flares when a build-up of magnetic energy is suddenly released from the solar surface – but as scientists can now show, the same invisible and mysterious forces can also terminate these epic outbursts.
To catch this failed eruption as it happened took coordinated measurements from numerous NASA instruments including the space agency's Solar Dynamics Observatory (SDO) and the VAULT2.0 rocket.
VAULT2.0 is a sounding rocket – a sub-orbital rocket that flies for around 20 minutes above Earth's atmosphere to collect readings, before returning to Earth.
NASA's Goddard Space Flight Centre
In this case, VAULT2.0 was focussed on an area of intense, complex magnetic activity on the Sun, which the team anticipated might produce a coronal mass ejection – a violent eruption of solar material and magnetic fields.
But, on this day at least, the Sun had other ideas.
While the team observed a filament of dense solar material start to rise from the solar surface, it ultimately collapsed, instead of being ejected from the Sun – the first time this phenomenon has been recorded.
"We were expecting an eruption; this was the most active region on the Sun that day," says astrophysicist Angelos Vourlidas from Johns Hopkins University.
"We saw the filament lifting with IRIS [NASA's Interface Region Imaging Spectrograph], but we didn't see it erupt in SDO or in the coronagraphs. That's how we knew it failed."
To figure out what prevented the filament from shooting out into space, Vourlidas and fellow researchers came up with a model that sought to explain how regions in the Sun's magnetic field could become compressed or distorted.
When solar structures with opposite magnetic orientations run into one another, the collision typically produces flares and coronal mass ejections, due to the release of magnetic energy.
But the team says other results are also possible too, depending on what kind of magnetic orientations are at play.
"We computed the Sun's magnetic environment by tracing millions of magnetic field lines and looking at how neighbouring field lines connect and diverge," says astrophysicist Antonia Savcheva from Harvard University.
"The amount of divergence gives us a measure of the topology."
The team's model suggests that the right kind of magnetic structure could have in fact acted as an invisible boundary to contain the filament.
This boundary, which is called a hyperbolic flux tube, could be formed by a collision of two bipolar regions on the Sun's surface, and would be shaped like two igloos smashed against each other.
The team says this structure would effectively chip away at the filament like a log grinder, shredding the snake-like form of solar material and dispersing its heat and energy back into the solar atmosphere.
"The hyperbolic flux tube breaks the filament's magnetic field lines and reconnects them with those of the ambient Sun," explains solar physicist Georgios Chintzoglou from the Lockheed Martin Solar and Astrophysics Laboratory in Palo Alto, "so that the filament's magnetic energy is stripped away."
Or, in other words, the final score is: hyperbolic flux tube 1, filament 0.
It's only a hypothesis for now, but the researchers say it helps explain what could be happening in this unprecedented dataset – and that's important stuff to know.
All too often we're made aware of how potentially threatening intense solar storms could be to us on Earth – but this research shows that while the Sun's internal forces could come together to unleash the Dark Ages upon us, the same mysterious forces can also work to keep that violence at bay.
"Most research has gone into how topology helps eruptions escape," Chintzoglou says.
"But this tells us that apart from the eruption mechanism, we also need to consider what the nascent structure encounters in the beginning, and how it might be stopped."
The Sun has our back, people – or at least it does sometimes.
The flare occurred in September 2014, with the final findings reported in July 2017's The Astrophysical Journal.
Don't Captivate Any Unpredictability About Achieving Success In Your Expert Cleaning Consulting Service Organisation. The Initial Step Is To Identify Whether You Have The Strength Of Purpose And Determination To Make Your Imagine Lucrative Organisation Ownership Come To Life. Keep Reading For Some Suggestions That Can Assist You Achieve Great Success In Your Business.
Developing A New Expert Cleaning Consulting Service Company Is Continually Screening, Whether It Is Your Very First Company Or Have Produced Some In The Past. Take In All That You Could About Your Selected Field And The Opposition That Accompanies It Prior To Hopping Straight Into Another Endeavor. Setting Up Precisely And Establishing The Best Structure Will Permit You To Make A Compelling Agency. There Are Lots Of Online Resources That The Online World Deals And You Need To Take Advantage Of Them.
Customer Service Is An Important Ability For Any Expert Cleaning Consulting Service Company Owner Or Worker. A Positive Mindset On The Part Of Every Worker Assists Make Everybody Entering Your Properties Feel Welcome And Appreciated. The Training You Supply Your Employees Must Focus On Improving Their Communication And Social Abilities. The Quality Of The Consumer Experience You Offer Is A Substantial Aspect Identifying How Effective Your Business Will Be.
Individuals Who Do More In The Professional Cleansing Consulting Service Company World Are Sometimes Ones Who Found Out Ways To Do Their Jobs While Training. You Can Not Learn From A Book What You Will With Real World Experience. Whatever You Have Actually Discovered Or Are Discovering By Working For Somebody Else Will Assist You Succeed In Managing Your Very Own Business. Checking Out A Book About Company Is Absolutely Nothing Compared With Getting The Abilities Through Direct Experience.
Do Not Be Terrified To Ask Your Clients To Leave A Review About Your Professional Cleaning Consulting Service Business. Positive Reviews Will Boost Your Current Reputation As A Service That Supplies Extraordinary Client Service And Fantastic Support. The Client Has The Tendency To Feel Pleased And Determined To Return To Your Service If They Are Requested For Their Ideas On Their Experience With You. Promotions That Are Available To Consumers Who Leave Feedback Can Be An Effective Method Of Convincing Them To Share Their Viewpoints.
Above Average Customer Service Is A Strong Incentive When It Includes Choosing The Cleaning Service Agency That Can Receive Your Repeat Expert Cleaning Consulting Service Company. If You Fail To Offer Consistently Remarkable Client Service, You Are Most Likely To Lose Consumers To The Competition. Clients Stay With Companies That Make Sure Every New Service They Present Meets The High Requirements They'Ve Set For Their Existing Services. Superior Service Combined With Excellent Products Are Actually The Secrets To Success In Nearly Any Market.
Success Does Not Occur Over Night; It Will Require New Companies A Little Time To Gain A Grip And Draw In Some Customers. Effort, Dedication, And Perseverance Are All Qualities Needed For Success. Understand That Professional Cleaning Consulting Service Business Might Be Sluggish In The Beginning And Focus On Your Long Term Top Priorities Rather Than A Fast Profit. If You Do Not Pay Attention To Growing And Expanding Your Company, You Will Fail.
VICTORIA - The leaders of British Columbia's New Democrats and Greens say it is not unprecedented for an Opposition member to serve as Speaker as they prepare to navigate a potentially tricky political situation in the provincial legislature.
NDP Leader John Horgan and Green Leader Andrew Weaver are using former Liberal MP Peter Milliken as an example, saying they served as Speaker in the House of Commons during a minority Conservative government.
B.C.'s election last month did not produce a clear winner with Christy Clark's Liberals winning 43 seats, the NDP 41 and the Greens three.
Clark says when politicians return to the legislature on June 22 there will be a Speaker.
But if their government is defeated as expected, political tradition dictates a new Speaker be elected and that person normally comes from the government side of the house, which would mean electing a New Democrat to the position.
The Speaker's vote will be crucial in the legislature because of the tight election result.
3:16 Mac Attack says Romo looked good but Dak earned this Pause
1:24 Tony Romo says they showed they can be the same guy
3:10 2005 Cross Plains fire changed town, and volunteer fire department
2:07 Are the Dallas Cowboys still America's Team?
1:35 Police Athletic League starts boxing program
0:26 TRE train kills woman who fell onto tracks
2:59 Cullen Davis on meeting with John Farr
1:59 Cullen Davis on the murder victims: 'That's ancient history'
1:03 Oversized coats are winter's ultimate wrap star
The cast of A Place to Call Home.
The cast of A Place to Call Home.
Foxtel has announced that the upcoming sixth season of A Place to Call Home will be the last.
WA-raised creator Bevan Lee says season six “truly completes” their vision for the hit period drama.
“I promise to bring the show to its finale on a wave of tears, laughter and, most importantly, closure,” they say.
Filming started this week on the final series, which will take the characters into the 1960s and will air on Showcase in August.
The winner of last year's Logie award for best TV drama, A Place to Call Home has been a hit with overseas audiences, airing in more than 120 countries.
By The Associated Press
CENTRAL FALLS, R.I. (AP) — Two corrections officers have been placed on paid leave as authorities investigate an inmate's escape from a Rhode Island detention center.
Former Army reservist James Morales was reported missing Saturday night and remains at large.
Wyatt Correctional Center warden Daniel Martin tells WBZ-TV (http://cbsloc.al/2ivyGIG ) that two officers were placed on leave. They say Morales escaped around 7 p.m. but wasn't discovered missing until three hours later.
The prison in Central Falls remains locked down as officials review procedures.
Advertisement
The 35-year-old Morales is charged with stealing 16 guns from a U.S. Army Reserve Center and faces child rape charges.
Police say they believe Morales fled to Attleboro, Massachusetts, and stole a car that was found Sunday. They believe they are bleeding from razor wire that they climbed through to escape.
April 6 Prescient Therapeutics Ltd
* Pre-specified success criteria of Phase 1B breast cancer trial have been met, and study will now progress to Phase 2. Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
0:54 Dabo Swinney and Clemson's 5 goals Pause
1:48 Clemson coach Dabo Swinney on what they learned from 2015 CFP
4:34 Dabo Swinney takes the blame for Clemson's loss to Pitt
4:27 Clemson DC Brent Venables breaks down Ohio State's offense
4:22 Dashcam video of Rep. Chris Corley arrest
1:02 The importance of South Carolina's Electoral College and how it works
4:53 Dawn Staley talks about performance over Alabama
5:37 Fork&Goal: Latin flavors inspire Game Day tailgating recipes for the Birmingham Bowl
2:54 Dylann Roof confesses to Charleston shooting, explains motive
Toxic chemical targets insects, but found in birds
Hunters in Ontario suspected something was wrong. In recent years, there seemed to be fewer of the wild turkeys they usually hunt.
They suspected the birds were feeding on crop seeds coated with the insecticide group known as neonicotinoids and they wondered if that it may be affecting the bird's health and reproduction
With cooperation from the Ontario Federation of Anglers and Hunters, a few dozen samples of hunted wild turkey were sent to the University of Guelph and patho-biologist Amanda MacDonald (PhD),now a Postdoctoral Research Fellow with Environment and Climate Change Canada and the Canadian Wildlife Health Cooperative under the supervision of Dr. Nicole Nemeth.
The group of insecticides known as neonicotinoids have long been under fire for the suspected harm they cause to pollinators who visit the fields near neonicotinoid crops, and the crops themselves.
In addition to the strong evidence that the chemicals are causing massive bee deaths, studies using samples from around the world have found traces of the neuro-toxin in the honey we consume.
The wild turkeys, and several other avian species like partridge, will also move into freshly planted fields and eat freshly planted seeds which are coated with the neonics.
In studying the livers of the turkeys sent in from around southern Ontario, MacDonald's research team found various levels of neonics present.
The findings were published in the journal “Environmental Science and Pollution Research” under the title “Neonicotinoid detection in wild turkeys (Meleagris gallopavo silvestris) in Ontario, Canada ( open access HERE)
While MacDonald will not speculate on the effect of the toxins on a large bird like a wild turkey, the study notes that smaller birds like a blue jay eating just a couple of the toxin-coated seeds, could prove fatal to them.
They note the study was only able to examine the livers of the turkeys and could not speculate if the toxic chemicals had spread into the meat. However, eating the organs such as liver or heart of hunted turkeys are not uncommon.
The study found that almost half of the turkey livers had detectable levels of the neonics or fungicides or both.
Although found at low-amounts, even if the neonics themselves were not immediately fatal, they noted there is always potential for harm from combinations of chemicals and pollutants and of bio-accumulation over time.
The study also cited other research which indicated that insecticides and fungicides are suspected to play a role in failed partridge eggs and pheasant deaths in France and the U.K.
MacDonald notes the limitations of this particular research effort but adds that it does point out that although these chemicals have a specific target, their non-intended effects can spread far beyond what was originally thought. They hope others will be concerned and inspired by the team's findings and pursue further research in this area.
President Trump's tough-on-China rhetoric has led finally to a probe of the country's intellectual property protections that might prove to be the opening salvo of a trade war.
In a ceremony at the White House Monday, Trump signed an executive order empowering U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer to investigate China in terms of the “forced transfers of American technology and the theft of intellectual property.”
SAN ANTONIO (AP) - Authorities say an armed man who ran from security at a hotel in downtown San Antonio and tried to force their way into a room has been shot and killed by officers who confronted him.
Police Chief William McManus says hotel personnel became suspicious as the man wandered the lobby early Tuesday.
McManus says they fled to upper floors, attempted to enter one room and was confronted by two officers on the seventh floor.
The situation escalated and the officers fired, killing the unidentified suspect. It's not clear what prompted police to shoot.
McManus says the suspect was not a hotel guest and appeared to be a laborer based on the clothes they were wearing.
The incident drew a heavy police presence downtown, with some blocks closed to traffic.
When every game is a playoff qualifying game, there's pressure.
When you're locked in a 10-10 game with an NFC East rival on the road, albeit one with a losing record, there's pressure.
For now, the Dallas Cowboys (7-6) must handle the pressure of being in a survive-and-advance mode.
They passed Sunday's test with a 30-10 win over the New York Giants (2-11).
Never miss a local story. Sign up today for a free 30 day free trial of unlimited digital access. SUBSCRIBE NOW
RUSH OFFENSE: B The Cowboys rushed 31 times for 122 yards. Alfred Morris had 19 carries for 62 yards, averaging just 3.3 yards per carry. But they had a 37-yard run called back because of a hold on veteran tight end Jason Witten. Rod Smith and their fresh legs proved to be the difference in the fourth quarter as they rushed six times for 47 yards, including a 15-yard touchdown run. The bigger Smith was the back the Cowboys used to close the game.
PASS OFFENSE: B It was frustrating early for the Dak Prescott and the passing game, as the receivers had four dropped passes, including two by Dez Bryant. But Prescott ended with a career-high 332 passing yards and three touchdowns against an overmatched Giants defense. It was the case of the little plays turning into big plays that allowed Prescott to break out of a month-long funk and their receivers to blow the game open with passes of 50 yards to Dez Bryant, 54 to Cole Beasley and 81 to Rod Smith. Only Beasley's play didn't finish in the end zone, but it set up a 20-yard touchdown pass to Jason Witten. The Cowboys only had three passing passing plays of 50 yards or more in the first 12 games combined. The three plays of 50 yards-or-more were also the most by the Cowboys since at least 1994, per the Cowboys public relations staff.
RUN DEFENSE: B The Redskins rushed 29 times for 102 yards in the game. Wayne Gallman rushed 12 times for 59 yards to lead the way. But linebacker Sean Lee made their presence felt in their first game back, leading the way with 18 tackles. Anthony Hitchens added 14 tackles and safety Jeff Heath at 10.
PASS DEFENSE: B Eli Manning was undone by drops by their young receivers and was not sacked in the game. But the Cowboys pressured them throughout and the young secondary proved to be up to the task again, especially Chido Awuzie. They now has four pass deflections in two games. It was the veterans Sean Lee and Jeff Heath who recorded interceptions in the game. Heath has a team-leading three interceptions and got one for the second consecutive week.
SPECIAL TEAMS: D Dan Bailey missed two field goals and missed an extra point for the first time in their career. The winds in the Meadowlands are legendary for wreaking havoc on kickers. Chris Jones was excellent again on punts, averaging 47.5 yards on four attempts. Cole Beasley had a 15-yard punt return and Ran Switzer had a 28-yard kickoff return.
COACHING: A Cowboys didn't panic when things didn't go well early against a motivated opponent. They stuck to the plan and eventually wore the Giants down. Give offensive coordinator Scott Linehan credit for finding ways too use running back Rod Smith. Their young fresh legs in the fourth quarter made a difference.
This Monday, April 23, 2018 photo, Syrian refugee children play outside their family tents at a Syrian refugee camp in the town of Bar Elias, in Lebanon's Bekaa Valley. A leading international rights group and the U.N.'s refugee agency say Lebanese authorities have been evicting Syrian refugees from towns and camps in Lebanon without any legal basis. (AP Photo/Bilal Hussein)
This Monday, April 23, 2018 photo, Syrian refugee children play outside their family tents at a Syrian refugee camp in the town of Bar Elias, in Lebanon's Bekaa Valley. A leading international rights group and the U.N.'s refugee agency say Lebanese authorities have been evicting Syrian refugees from towns and camps in Lebanon without any legal basis. (AP Photo/Bilal Hussein)
BEIRUT (AP) - Donor nations are raising money for Syria's neighbors to aid in hosting refugees of the country's civil war.
But a leading international rights group and the U.N.'s refugee agency say Lebanese authorities are evicting refugees from towns and camps in the country on questionable legal grounds.
Three years ago, Ahmad Mohsin was forced to relocate their campsite in Lebanon's Bekaa Valley after soldiers raided the community of Syrian refugees where they lived and smashed their belongings.
The message was clear, they say - they were not wanted.
Though Syrian President Bashar Assad appears to have largely suppressed the revolt against them in many parts of neighboring Syria, the U.N. and rights groups say the country is still not safe for refugee return.
Need a break? Play a quick game of solitaire or Sudoku. Or take one of our fun quizzes!
San Mateo County judge reprimanded
The state's judicial disciplinary agency publicly reprimanded a San Mateo County judge Wednesday, saying they had unfairly disparaged a defense lawyer in their client's presence and, in another case, failed to disclose a conversation that might have helped the defense.
Superior Court Judge Lisa Novak violated a judge's ethical obligation to be “patient, dignified and courteous” to all who appear before her, and to disclose private conversations that may reveal evidence, said the Commission on Judicial Performance.
Novak's lawyer, James A. Murphy, said they were disappointed by the decision. Novak is “a fine judge,” they said, and “I don't think the punishment fits the alleged crime.”
Novak, a former San Mateo County prosecutor and a 2005 appointee of Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger, was elected to a six-year term without opposition in 2012, and is seeking another six-year term in November, with no declared opponents.
At an August 2015 preliminary hearing in a criminal case, the commission said, the defense lawyer asked Novak to keep prospective witnesses out of the courtroom, a request the judge apparently did not hear. Later in the hearing, the lawyer brought up their request again, but Novak told them they hadn't made any such request and it was too late to renew it.
The lawyer raised the subject again at the end of the hearing, and Novak told them they had been “extremely unprofessional” and advised them to “have your temper tantrum outside of my courtroom.” The judge spoke while court was in session, and their criticism “could reasonably be expected to impair the attorney-client relationship,” the commission said.
Another criminal case in January 2017 involved a defendant charged with battery of a police officer and resisting arrest, the commission said. The defense presented a video that appeared to show another officer using their cell-phone camera to record the arrest, but the officer said they were only pretending and that no such recording existed.
During a recess, the commission said, Novak's bailiff approached them and said, “I think I may have seen that video.” Novak told the bailiff they could not discuss it, and did not mention the interchange to either the prosecutor or the defense lawyer, the commission said.
The judge later ruled that the officer had recorded the arrest and had acted in bad faith by failing to preserve the video. But the commission said judicial rules required Novak to disclose the conversation with the bailiff to the opposing parties.
Bob Egelko is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. Email: begelko@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @BobEgelko
Oops, you haven't selected any newsletters. Please check the box next to one or more of our email newsletters and submit again.
Such an honour to have performed for @anthonyfjoshua this evening at the London o2 arena. Thank you @SkyJohnnyNelson for filming this moment pic.twitter.com/jqiHYV9sQj
TRAINER'S ROOM
Nationals: OF Adam Eaton (ankle) ran Wednesday and should be ready for a rehab assignment this weekend, manager Dave Martinez said. ... OF Brian Goodwin (wrist) will play another rehab game or two at Double-A Harrisburg, Martinez said. ... Ryan Zimmerman (oblique) will run the bases over the next few days before the Nationals determine if he's ready to go on a rehab assignment.
Orioles: Closer Zach Britton (Achilles tendon) launched their rehabilitation assignment by pitching the fifth inning for Class A Frederick against Wilmington, their first game action since Sept. 18. The lefty allowed an infield single and struck out the side.
BABY BREAK
Orioles infielder Danny Valencia was placed on paternity leave after their wife gave birth to a boy, Oliver, early Wednesday. Reliever Donnie Hart was recalled from Triple-A Norfolk.
A STAR IS BORN
After just 10 games in the majors, Soto is batting .375 and on Tuesday became the youngest player to be intentionally walked since Ken Griffey Jr. in 1995. They hit in the leadoff spot for the first time Wednesday and went 1 for 4.
VEGAS PROUD
Harper has spent their entire big-league career with Washington, but the Las Vegas native makes no apologies for rooting for the Golden Knights against the Capitals in the Stanley Cup Final. While Martinez conducted their pre-game news conference in a Capitals hat and jersey, Harper's Golden Knights hat and jersey were in plain sight at their locker. "Hopefully, I'll get to go Game 4 in D.C.," Harper said.
UP NEXT
Nationals: In a duel in Atlanta for first place in the NL East, Tanner Roark (2-4, 3.17 ERA) seeks their eighth career win against the Braves' Sean Newcomb (5-1, 2.75 ERA) on Thursday night.
Orioles: Andrew Cashner (2-6, 5.07) faces the Yankees' Sonny Gray (3-4, 5.98) on Thursday night in the opener of a four-game series between AL East foes.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
By David Ginsburg, The Associated Press
Mei Rui, along with their two-year old son and elderly parents, were stuck in travel hell Friday after airline officials said they wouldn't be allowed to board their flight due to Rui's "non-compliance" with instructions.
Rui, a cancer researcher, was supposed to catch a Spirit Airlines flight from their home in Houston, Texas, to Newark, New Jersey, for a clinical cancer study in New York, the Washington Post reported.
However, the flight was repeatedly delayed because of de-icing issues. When the flight finally got the green light, Rui decided to breastfeed their son in the hopes it would calm and lull them back to sleep during the three-hour hop.
"Every parent with a young child can [imagine], you don't want to be that parent on the plane," they told the Post. "It would be very embarrassing. I just was trying to avoid that."
The flight crew, it seems, didn't interpret Rui's motives as considerate.
While the plane's door was still open and people still shuffling around, one of the flight attendants informed them that they would need to strap the child into their carseat for takeoff.
"I asked for just a couple more minutes to finish because if they woke up at that point they would have made a lot of noise," Rui told the Post. "I said, ‘I promise I'll finish before you close the plane's door.'"
As the flight attendants then reportedly convened and discussed the matter, Rui ceased the feeding and strapped their child, who, just like they said, started to wail.
"He was making very loud noises," Rui said of the incident. "But that's not criminal."
Moments later Rui and their group were told they would have to disembark.
"It was humiliating to be chased off a plane in front of hundreds of people," Rui told local Houston station KHOU. "We had never been through anything close to this."
Once in the terminal, the concerned mother was met with a Spirit Airlines' representative and police officers who informed the traveler they wouldn't be allowed back on the flight.
"I just want to know why we were kicked off the plane?" Rui, who filmed the altercation, asked the stern-faced representative.
"Because you were not compliant," was their response.
Confused even more, Rui responded by saying, "Could you tell me which part of the instruction we were not compliant with? I think we deserve to know that."
Rui, who is also a Grammy-nominated pianist, did not get the details they wanted, though.
"If this happened to your family…" Rui began to say before the Spirit Airlines' official interjected, claiming, "it wouldn't happen to my family, I can assure you."
And Friday still was not done with inflicting havoc on the family.
After being unable to retrieve their luggage, Rui's father, who suffers from heart ailments, collapsed after dealing with the stress at the airport and was rushed to the emergency room, the New York Post reported.
© AP Photo/ Johan Nilsson / TT Takes All Kinds! Norwegian Airline in Hot Water for Blond-Only Ad
In response to the incident, the airline doubled down on its stance and told KHOU: "Our records indicate a passenger was removed from Flight 712 after refusing to comply with crew instructions several times during taxi to runway and safety briefing. To protect the safety of our guests and crew, FAA regulations and airline policies require all passengers to stay seated and buckled during takeoff and landing."
Though the family was given a refund for their tickets, they aren't planning on ever flying with the company again.
"We're not lawbreakers or trouble seekers," Rui told KHOU. "We're the elderly, a baby and their mother. Why did they have to treat us this way?"
Rui never made it to the Big Apple, and they told the Post that this is yet another blow from an already rough year. Rui's family has been living in temporary housing since Hurricane Harvey led to the loss of their home and belongings when the hurricane made landfall in August.
While the immigration debate occupies politicians, the World Cup shows how much people from other countries help make up the fabric of New York.
A fan of Poland holds up a scarf as they watch a World Cup soccer match between Poland and Colombia at The Garden at Studio Square NYC in New York on Sunday, June 24, 2018. (AP Photo/Terrin Waack)
The lack of a U.S. team caused a big viewership drop for World Cup telecasts.
The 48 group stage telecasts on Fox and FS1 averaged 2,069,000 viewers, according to Nielsen Media Research. That is down 42 per cent from the 3.54 million average on ESPN, ESPN2 and ABC four years ago and down 15 per cent from the 2,429,000 average on ESPN, ESPN2 and ABC eight years ago.
Excluding games involving the U.S. team in previous World Cups, the average declined 28 per cent from the 2014 tournament in Brazil and was up 1 per cent from the 2010 tournament in South Africa.
Most group-stage kickoff times this year were morning EDT, starting as early as 6 a.m., and the latest matches began at 2 p.m. Games in 2014 started mostly from noon to 4 p.m. EDT, while in 2010 games there were many matches at 10 a.m. and some as early as 7:30 a.m.
Twenty-six group-stage matches were aired on Fox, up from six on ABC in 2014 and four on ABC in 2010.
Ratings include only television viewers and not those who viewed digital streams.
Related: England finally wins penalty shootout at World Cup
Related: Defending champion Germany eliminated from World Cup
___
The Associated Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
With the ski season rapidly approaching, many resorts across Canada are beginning to prepare to make artificial snow, a process that has become an annual tradition. Although snow-making has been used extensively since the early 1970s, we now see it used more and more because of climate change and declining annual snow cover across the nation. In fact, according to Statistics Canada, the mean annual snow cover in Canada declined by 5.1 per cent from 1972 to 2010.
Unfortunately, the process of snow-making is a very environmentally demanding one, and it seems to be often overlooked when we talk about human processes that are detrimental to the environment. This issue begs the question: Do we really need to be making artificial snow?
There are a few key factors that make snow-making so nasty for the environment, the first one being the energy required to support this process. Pumping water all the way up the mountain to snow cannons requires a lot of energy, which is expensive both monetarily and resource-wise.
Also, if climate change is making artificial snow increasingly necessary for ski resorts, this means that potentially shorter winters will require even more energy to support a prolonged snow-making season, which leads to a vicious cycle. A potential solution to this would be to use renewable sources of energy to power the snow-making process, such as solar or wind energy.
The other major issue that arises when talking about making artificial snow is water consumption. Where do we get the water from? What kind of water do we use? Should we even be using all this water to make artificial snow? The water usually comes from a fresh water source not too far from the mountain itself, which is great for saving on energy costs, but is also detrimental to the whole ecosystem of the mountain.
The fact that we use fresh water to make snow is pretty concerning to many people, which is why some resorts in the United States have begun experimenting with using treated wastewater to make snow instead of water from natural streams or lakes. This obviously raises a whole other slew of concerns, since you would essentially be spraying treated sewage on to a natural environment. Many experts believe that there might be chemical agents in treated wastewater that could potentially affect the ecosystems into which they are released, so more research is needed on the method.
Realistically, though, these are the types of solutions that we need to come up with if we are to continue making artificial snow for generations to come.
The major environmental impacts associated with snow-making make for a practice that is not sustainable. If we wish to continue making artificial snow for recreational purposes, we will need to come up with innovative ideas that reduce the total footprint of these activities.
I ask again: Do we really need to be making artificial snow so that enthusiasts can ski a few more weeks each year? Is this a reasonable, sustainable practice? As an avid skier myself, I am tempted to say yes, but once I look at this objectively, it becomes obvious that this is a foolish thing to be doing.
As a counter example, we know that driving a car to work is bad for the environment, but it is much more of a “necessary evil” than making artificial snow for recreational purposes. It is well understood that resorts engage in snow-making to prolong the season and make more money, but this should not be a valid reason to not investigate better, cleaner ways of doing so.
Daniel Plourde is a Bioresource Engineering undergraduate at McGill University.
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
Determined not to be a statistic
Before they went out for track practice at middle school in South Grand Prairie, Dorothy Osborne was stopped by a teacher. The results of their physical exam, which was required to run track and administered by the school, were available.
"You can't run track," the teacher said, "you're pregnant."
Dorothy Osborne was 12. They had four months to prepare to be a mom.
"I had no idea," they said. "I was basically homeless. My parents were both drug addicts. Crack was the problem. I had no brothers or sisters. I was living with the father."
When Osborne began to visit with doctors, counselors and state employees about having the baby, one of the first questions was whether the relationship was consensual. The child's father was 17.
"I think it was, but it was also me not really knowing at that age," they said. "It was muddy. When the state got involved, they asked if this was statutory rape or molestation."
Leaning heavily on the direction and advice of school counselors, they took parenting classes and prepared to be a mom. While going to school.
"I was getting all of this information and, bam, that baby was here on Thanksgiving 1994," they said.
They moved into state-assisted, low-income housing near South Grand Prairie High School and entered a work-study program. They worked at McDonald's. They put their son in day care, often from 6 a.m. to 11 p.m.
DeQuinton's father was out of their life by the time they were 3. They have not seen each other since.
They were not alone, but close. They felt the stares. The mockery. The ridicule.
"People would call me a whore," they said. "Every day I was dealing with somebody. I had those 'Why me?' questions. Now, I'm a Christian and I have faith, and everything does happen for a reason."
Like most first-time parents, they had no clue what they were doing.
"I would give them formula and I had no idea if I was putting in too much powder or not enough water," they said. "I was so young. I just did what I had to do. It was my life. I was so in the moment. They were my focus. At that time in my life, they were the one person I knew who loved me. They were my motivation. It was my son.
"Looking back on it, I think, 'How the heck did I do that?'"
crossOrigin="anonymous" SHARE COPY LINK Welterweight world champion Errol “The Truth” Spence Jr., visits the Cowboys during practice Wednesday. Spence is fighting Oscar Ocampo inside The Ford Center at The Star in Frisco, headquarters of the Dallas Cowboys, June 16. Max Faulkner
Backup plan
Dorothy Osborne received their high school diploma from South Grand Prairie High School when their son was 5.
They took classes at UTA to earn a degree in nursing and eventually landed a job in a doctor's office. They started a relationship with their husband, Derrick White, at 19. They have been together for 17 years now.
"To Quinton, that's 'Pops,'" Dorothy said.
DeQuinton took to football, but not every part of school. Like none of it.
"The way they were going, they were going to go to Kilgore Junior College and then get a job working for the city," said their high school coach Brent Whitson.
By that point, the relationship between mom and son was clearly outlined.
"I told him, 'I'm not your friend. I'm not your home girl. I'm your mom,'" they said. "And you will respect me."
By the start of DeQuinton's senior year, they had become a great high school player playing on an average high school team. College coaches wanted that player. College coaches wanted DQ the Player but ran from them because of DQ te Student.
Their transcripts were not good.
Entering the spring semester of their senior year, DeQuinton needed three A's and two B's to qualify academically for a football scholarship. By that point, nearly every school was out on DQ; Missouri was waiting, in hopes that they would improve their grades.
Their mother grabbed their son and sat down with counselors and coaches to outline exactly what needed to be done. There was a way, but their son had to earn the grades.
"On May 31, Missouri offered them a full ride," Whitson said. "It reinforced to me what kids can do. Teachers don't want to fail you. They were just a teenager. They put in the effort. They were doing with schoolwork what they had done with football the previous fall. You could just see the light had come on."
Transitioning to Missouri proved to be less than good. Osborne didn't like the cold. Class was something they occasionally attended. They were often on the Stairmaster in the early morning, the typical punishment for slackers under then-Mizzou coach Gary Pinkel.
Osborne lined up to transfer to Kilgore College.
Around that time, their mother decided to tell their son about what life was really like for them when they were too young to know.
"Before that I had told them bits and pieces. I would use my experience to tell them to stay away from trouble," they said. "When we had that conversation about everything, it was not easy. They were mad. They cried. They punched the wall. We just had to get it out, and it drew us closer together."
After two years at Kilgore, Osborne signed a National Letter of Intent to play for coach Art Briles at Baylor. But a little more than three months later, Briles was fired as Baylor was engulfed in a rape scandal.
The players who had signed with Baylor were not immediately granted their release, much to the anger of many students and their parents, most notably Dorothy Osborne.
"I had been raped and there was no way I was going to let my son go there," they said. "If they had not let them out, I had a lawyer ready to go."
Three weeks later, Baylor let players who had signed under Briles out of their commitments. Osborne chose Oklahoma State.
They were an All-Big 12 players and two-year starter for the OSU Cowboys.
"My mom and dad made every single one of my games," they said.
Mom's rule was they had to earn a degree before they could go to the NFL. In December, they walked across the stage to earn their degree in education.
After the draft, they signed as a free agent with the Dallas Cowboys. Their favorite team.
Dorothy Osborne's son is bright, humble, well-spoken, college-educated and employed.
They had more reasons to quit than most people will ever experience, but they never stopped them from being the person they aspired to become and the mother they willed themselves to be.
"To you, what they did is unbelievable, but to me, it was my life. I grew up with it," DeQuinton said. "I am more thankful than ever for who they are. Words ... I can't explain how grateful I am. They were always behind me."
A Research Study Titled, “Wireless Brain Sensors Market By Product Type (Electroencephalography (EEG) Devices, Sleep Monitoring Devices, Accessories), Application (Traumatic Brain Injuries, Dementia, Parkinson's Disease, Epilepsy, Sleep Disorders, Migraine, Stroke) Forecast 2014 To 2023”, Published By Crystal Market Research
Market Highlights:
The Wireless Brain Sensors Market is expected to witness considerable growth over the forecast period. Wireless brain sensors are gadgets that provide assistance in identifying the intracranial weight, control the temperature and record cerebrum motioning as cerebrum waves. The gadgets are dominatingly utilized for patients encountering conditions, for example, awful cerebrum damage, rest issue, Parkinson's disease, dementia and other neurological conditions. These gadgets help in observing the neurological deviations and give help to change of psychological functionalities. These sensors can be effortlessly available from a remote region through remote availability and be coordinated with advanced cell, tablets or PCs, consequently be observed intermittently from a homecare situation making the device more cost-productive.
Get Sample copy of Report @ https://www.crystalmarketresearch.com/report-sample/HC061002
Regional Outlook and Trend Analysis
North America will keep on leading the worldwide market for wireless brain sensors market because of different innovative headways; ascend in research and development speculation. Asia-Pacific is required to represent second biggest offer in worldwide market principally mechanical advancements and critical ascent in subsidizing.
Competitive Insights
The leading players in the market are MOTIV Inc, Advanced Brain Monitoring, Inc., Muse and Novo Nordisk. The major players in the market are profiled in detail in view of qualities, for example, company portfolio, business strategies, financial overview, recent developments, and share of the overall industry.
Wireless Brain Sensors Market – By Region:
Middle East and Africa (Saudi Arabia, UAE, Egypt, Nigeria and South Africa)
North America (U.S, Canada, Mexico)
Europe (Germany, France, UK, Italy, Spain, Rest of Europe)
Asia-Pacific (Japan, China, Australia, India, South Korea, Rest of Asia-Pacific)
Rest of the World (Brazil, South Africa, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, United Arab Emirates, Others)
Read More Premium News of ABNEWSWIRE @ http://www.abnewswire.com/pressreleases/electronic-health-records-market-size-share-future-growth-leading-players-updates-2018-cerner-corporation-mckesson-corporation-allscripts-healthcare-solutions-industry-analysis-forecast-202_235075.html
What Our Report Offer:
1) An extensive research study on the Global Wireless Brain Sensors Market, and its entire ecosystem, describes the market trends, drivers, restraints and opportunities of the Wireless Brain Sensors Market.
2) We provide you the longest possible market segmentation based on type of products, procedures and geography and describe the market share region wise.
3) The report gives a bird eyes view on the competitive landscape which includes mergers and acquisitions, collaborations, market strategies, and new product launches.
Check discount offer for Report click on the link @ https://www.crystalmarketresearch.com/check-discount/HC061002
In August, the FBI's counterterrorism division published a report warning law enforcement across the country of a new threat. It called the threat “Black Identity Extremism.”
In reality, there is no “Black Identity Extremist” movement, at least not one that goes by that name. It appears to be an invented label, Foreign Policy reported. The publication revealed the existence of the counterterrorism memo Friday and briefly posted the actual document on its website before removing it.
According to the FBI, “it is very likely some BIEs are influenced by a mix of anti-authoritarian, Moorish sovereign citizen ideology, and BIE ideology.”
The report found it “very likely” that the police killing of Ferguson, Missouri teenager Michael Brown — and the subsequent decision by a grand jury not to indict the officer responsible for their death — “spurred an increase in premeditated, retaliatory lethal violence against law enforcement and will very likely serve as justification for such violence.”
“[I]ncidents of alleged police abuse against African Americans since then have continued to feed the resurgence in ideologically motivated, violent criminal activity within the BIE movement,” the report said, referring to Michael Brown's death.
Running 12 pages — including end notes and citations — the report included six examples of premeditated violence against police officers by black people judged to have been motivated by identity extremism.
“In all six targeted attacks since 2014,” the report said, “the FBI assesses it is very likely the BIE suspects acted in retaliation for perceived past police brutality.”
It noted: “Even though five of these attacks occurred following controversial police shooting of African Americans by white police officers, BIE targeting of officers was not, in every incident, based on their specific race.”
One individual profiled was Micah Johnson, who killed five police officers in a rampage in Dallas in July 2016, firing their first shots during a Black Lives Matter march. “[B]ased on Johnson's journal writings and statements to police, they appeared to have been influenced by BIE ideology,” the report said.
The term “black identity extremists” doesn't appear to have been used by counterterrorism officials before the FBI's August report. The Virginia Department of Criminal Justice Services appears to have been one of the first organizations to employ the new term, in a course description flagged by Foreign Policy for the upcoming training event “Introduction to Domestic Extremism and Hate Groups.”
“Domestic extremist movements covered will include white supremacists/white nationalists, black identity extremists, anarchists, animal rights and eco-terrorists, anti-government and other radical separatists groups,” the course description read.
Counterterrorism and homeland security experts interviewed by Foreign Policy expressed skepticism at the new label.
Michael German, a former FBI agent turned Brennan Center fellow, said: “Basically, it's black people who scare them.”
The Associated Press has photographers around the world. Here are some of the best photos they took in 2016.
May 3 Devon Energy Corp:
* Devon Energy CEO says well-positioned to accelerate investment across U.S. resource plays and deliver on 2017 and 2018 growth targets - conf call
* Devon Energy CEO says expects 2017 to be a breakout year for Delaware Basin assets - conf call
* Devon Energy CEO says with successful delineation results will evaluate strategic options for additional noncore asset sales in the future- conf call
* Devon Energy COO says contracted and secured sand for work in the mid-continent and also in Delaware for 2017 - conf call Further company coverage:
WASHINGTON — The Northern Virginia Association of Realtors echoes the observations from other real estate groups in D.C. and across the nation that the lack of listings on the market is the biggest problem weighing on the housing market.
Even so, it was not a bad May for members of the NVAR, which covers Arlington and Fairfax counties plus the cities of Fairfax, Alexandria and Falls Church.
The number of sales in those Northern Virginia suburbs was up 9.3 percent from a year ago last month. And the average price of what sold was more than $589,000, up 4.7 percent from last May.
New pending sales, or contracts signed to buy a house or a condo in May, was up 8 percent from a year ago.
But the total number of active listings dropped in May, down 16 percent from a year ago despite an increase in new listings coming onto the market.
Some agents did note a slight decline in May activity compared to April, blaming both timing and the lack of properties to look at.
“With graduations and end-of-school-year activities people are busy,” said Lorraine Arora, NVAR chair-elect and managing broker at Weichert Realtors in Fairfax.
“For the serious house hunter, the low interest rates still help with affordability. We need inventory!” they said.
NVAR estimates the region's supply of homes on the market represents just one month of sales at the current pace.
Even so, NVAR CEO Ryan Conrad said total sales in the association's region have exceeded the year before for every single month so far this year.
See NVAR's forecast for prices and sales over the next 12 monthshere.
Like WTOP on Facebook and follow @WTOP on Twitter to engage in conversation about this article and others.
© 2017 WTOP. All Rights Reserved.
Language Consultancy Services Pvt. Ltd. is one of the main suppliers of record interpretation, eLearning Translation, eLearning Localization, Voice Over Services administrations. We offer interpretation, eLearning Translation, eLearning Localization, Voice Over Services benefits in all the Indian, Asian, European and African dialects. With the topographical limits being expanded and world turning into a minute, dialect boundary must be evacuated. With the extensive variety of interpretation administrations offered by LCS® in dialect, innovation (programming limitation) and work area distributing you can without much of a stretch focus to enter any topography!
LCS® is a solid name in the realm of interpretation. We have practical experience in offering interpretation, eLearning Translation, eLearning Localization, Voice Over Services benefits in authoritative archives, budgetary reports, and restorative diaries. Aside from these, we offer multi-lingual administrations in the accompanying fields:
• Telecommunication
• Medical
• Educational
• Technology
• Finance
• Legal
• Health
LCS® is an eminent name is putting forth interpretation, eLearning Translation, eLearning Localization, Voice Over Services benefits in different dialects, for example, Chinese, English, Portuguese, Spanish, Hindi, German, Danish, and Italian. For broad data on interpretation benefit that we give, see the rundown underneath:
• English to Chinese interpretation
• English to Danish interpretation
• English to French interpretation
• English to Italian interpretation
• English to German interpretation
• English to Hindi interpretation
• English to Italian interpretation
• English to Japanese interpretation
• English to Portuguese interpretation
• English to Spanish interpretation
• Chinese to English interpretation
• Danish to English interpretation
• French to English interpretation
• German to English interpretation
• Hindi to English interpretation
• Italian to English interpretation
• Japanese to English interpretation
• Portuguese to English interpretation
• Spanish to English interpretation
You simply name the dialect and you will get the interpretation benefit for the same at LCS®!
Presently an inquiry emerges, would we say we are offering some benefit for cash interpretation administrations? We guarantee our customers that at LCS® Pvt. Ltd. we esteem the renown of our customers. We give them the best interpretation arrangements as we have around 4000 committed dialect interpreters who are sufficiently prepared to cling to proficient norms and process. The work is appointed to the interpreters based on their experience, specialization, consistence execution, and enthusiasm to guarantee up-to-the stamp phrasing use. We additionally have a group of multi-lingual Quality Evaluators who guarantee the nature of interpretations. We additionally utilize Feline devices, for example, SDLX and Trados to build up dialect precision.
Learning is an endless procedure and particularly in our dialect arrangement field, where interpreters are required to be refreshed about the most recent dialect languages. LCS® ensures that our interpreters go to the compulsory instructional meetings widely implied for that reason where interpreters are refreshed about the semantic change in their particular space tasks.
Contact Us:-
Ranjan Kumar
Language Consultancy Services Pvt. Ltd.
T-6 Anupam Plaza, 3rd Floor, Sri Aurobindo Marg,
Kalu Sarai, Hauz Khas, New Delhi-110 016, INDIA
Tel: +91-11-46040261, Mob: +91 9810441212
Email: info@languageconsultancyservices.com
Website: www.languageconsultancyservices.com
Feb. 3 (UPI) -- Eli Manning always beats Tom Brady and the New England Patriots in the Super Bowl. That is matter of fact.
The New York Giants quarterback owns a 2-0 mark against Brady's Patriots in the postseason. They also have two Super Bowl MVP awards sitting on their trophy shelf from the epic clashes.
Nick Foles might want to give them a ring for some advice, as the Philadelphia Eagles are set to take on the mighty Patriots at 5:30 p.m. Sunday in Minneapolis for Super Bowl LII.
Manning was at the Mall of America Friday to talk about the Courtyard Super Bowl Sleepover Contest. The winner of the contest gets to stay in a transformed guest room inside U.S. Bank Stadium the night before the big game. They also get to attend Super Bowl LII.
Manning said they won't be in town Sunday to watch the game in person, but they know exactly what it's like to rest their head on a pillow, dreaming of playing in the Super Bowl the next day. They said that the night before the game is exciting more than anything else
"It's just knowing that this is the last game of the season," Manning said. "So you know you are going to give it your all. You want to be prepared. I slept well. I knew I worked and prepared. I've done my normal routine, I've been doing the previous 20 weeks of the year and just kinda said stay with my normal routine that has gotten me here and just keep doing it."
Manning said they haven't talked to Foles to give them advice, but you wouldn't know that from listening to the Eagles quarterback.
Lesson One: Routine
"You just sort of block it out," Foles said. "In this moment, you just appreciate it. It's awesome to be here and it's part of it. You just sort of embrace it, but at the same time I think that's where you know what you have to do to prepare for the game and that's what you focus on. Make sure you get that stuff done before coming here. So we've been working before we got here. Preparing the body, preparing the mind before doing the interviews and continuing to rest and getting ready for the game. I think when you keep it at that perspective it doesn't get too big."
Eagles QB Nick Foles explains how they are equipped to handle Super Bowl. #FlyEaglesFly #GoPats #superbowl pic.twitter.com/CxKuUbZmn9 — Al Butler (@ALaboutSports) January 30, 2018
In addition to keeping a normal routine, Manning gave some Patriots-specific advice.
Lesson Two: Ball Control
"Nick is playing great football," Manning said. "He doesn't need any advice from me. Just go out there and play your normal game. Be aggressive. Make throws and hopefully you get an opportunity in the fourth quarter. It's a game when you have a chance to score some points and have a big lead to keep Tom Brady and the Patriots from storming back."
That's exactly what the Patriots did in last year's Super Bowl, coming back from a 28-3 deficit to beat the Atlanta Falcons.
Brotherly Love
Manning said they received similar advice -- and more about playing against the Patriots -- from their brother Peyton Manning. The middle Manning brother told their youngest brother what they had discovered about the Patriots' defense, schemes and tendencies while facing them throughout their career in the postseason.
Peyton was also part of Courtyard's giveaway. They presented the prize to contest winner Courey Marshall, who will stay in the stadium with their wife. Marshall is a diehard Peyton Manning fan.
Another key in the Giants' two Super Bowl victories against the Patriots was a relentless pass rush, which included the likes of Michael Strahan, Justin Tuck and Osi Umenyiora, among others. The Eagles' front seven could also keep Brady uncomfortable on Sunday. Philadelphia owned the top rush defense in the NFL in 2017. Defensive tackle Fletcher Cox is a three-time Pro Bowl selection, while defensive end Brandon Graham had a team-high 9.5 sacks. The Eagles had four players with at least five quarterback takedowns en route to the top seed in the NFC.
Patriots left tackle Nate Solder will be tasked with keeping those pass rushers off of NFL MVP favorite Tom Brady. They also happened to be playing with the Patriot in their second Super Bowl loss to the Giants in 2012. Starting their Patriots career with a Super Bowl loss gives the 6-foot-8, 314 pound lineman a unique perspective.
"It has been awhile now," Solder said Tuesday. "That was a tough one to get over. I know that. I know if you make it to this game, there is no point not just trying your hardest to win the game. There is no second place in this one, that's for sure."
Patriots LT Nate Solder reflects on what it meant to start out their career with a Super Bowl loss. “There is no second place in this one.” #GoPats #FlyEaglesFly #superbowl pic.twitter.com/q9b7PQ5f9W — Al Butler (@ALaboutSports) January 30, 2018
Manning said they don't have any extra pride from beating the dynasty-era Patriots. Theirs is prouder of what the wins meant for the Giants.
"It's more just about the fact that I cherish those Super Bowls because it's what we accomplished ... winning the championship is not about who you beat or anything about that. It's more for the fans, for the ownership and for all the players and that bond that you have with those players after you win a championship."
When Manning wasn't hoisting the Lombardy Trophy, they were in a pressure-packed locker room. They watched longtime coach Tom Coughlin's unceremonious departure from the franchise. Manning was even benched in Week 13 for journeyman Geno Smith this season, ending their streak of 210 consecutive starts.
Manning of the People
After the benching, support poured out from Manning's current and former teammates and players around the league.
"It was overwhelming to see the support from fans, teammates from current players around the league, from current coaches ... you know I got tons of texts and calls and letters from so many people," Manning said. "It helped with the circumstance. It also reminded me [that] I've been a good teammate all these years and I need to continue to be a good teammate during this time, and help Geno and help the guys and do my part and don't make this a bigger distraction than it is already becoming."
The Giants later fired general manager Jerry Reese and coach Ben McAdoo and Manning returned to their starting role in Week 14. Still, rumors swirl this offseason linking Manning to several quarterback-needy teams.
But Manning says that "all indications" are that they will be back to their role as quarterback for the Giants in 2018.  They are signed through 2019.
The 14-year veteran says the Giants still have a lot of talent, citing their 11-win season in 2016. They have been around the Giants' practice facility this offseason and met with new coach Pat Shurmur.
Manning wouldn't give a prediction for Sunday's Super Bowl, but did say they think the game will come down to which team has the ball last.
What Would ‘Full Funding' of School Aid Look Like? Add $2.3B to Districts
What Would ‘Full Funding' of School Aid Look Like? Add $2.3B to Districts Apr 24
The state once again has blocked a huge development project in Lakewood, denying the township designation as a regional center because the municipality has failed to adequately address water-supply needs.
In a notice in the New Jersey Register, the Department of Environmental Protection rejected the State Planning Commission's approval of parts of Lakewood as a regional coastal center and other growth area, a proposal critics said would have effectively doubled the community's population.
Essentially, the state agency, while acknowledging that Lakewood had largely complied with many aspects of the coastal regulations overseen by the DEP, failed to demonstrate it had planned to ensure an adequate public water supply within the community.
Click here for the full article »
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Flowers and candles are pictured at the site where on December 19, 2016 a truck ploughed through a crowd at a Christmas market on Breitscheidplatz square near Kurfuerstendamm avenue in Berlin, Germany, January 19, 2017. REUTERS/Fabrizio Bensch
BERLIN Germany has deported 10 potential attackers since January as part of a tougher approach towards failed asylum seekers and other foreigners it deems dangerous after one of them killed 12 people at a Berlin market, security sources said on Thursday.
Interior Minister Thomas de Maiziere and other top officials have been pushing for quicker deportations of those denied asylum, while working with Morocco, Tunisia and other countries to speed up the repatriation process.
Tunisian Anis Amri, a supporter of Islamic State, attacked a Christmas market in Berlin in December after being denied asylum. They were shot dead by Italian police days later.
Shortly after the incident, German's Joint Terrorism Prevention Centre (GTAZ), reviewed the open cases of all other "potential attackers" like Amri, the sources said.
"A total of 10 potential attackers have since been successfully deported in a joint effort with the affected German states," said one of the sources.
The Interior Ministry estimates that there are more than 600 potentially dangerous Islamists in Germany, including 250 who are citizens of other countries but not asylum seekers.
The suspected militants were sent back to mainly North African countries, the sources said, without providing details.
The change in approach was agreed by de Maiziere and Justice Minister Heiko Maas at a meeting on Jan. 10, where both men agreed that the Amri case must not be repeated.
In Amri's case, one of the obstacles to physically deporting them was Tunisia's failure to issue replacement identification papers, despite the availability of finger- and handprints.
This month German Chancellor Angela Merkel secured a promise from Tunisia to take back 1,500 rejected Tunisian asylum seekers, with those who agreed to leave voluntarily eligible to receive government aid. Germany also offered Tunisia 250 million euros in development aid.
Merkel, who will seek a fourth term as chancellor in September, has come under fire for allowing more than one million refugees to enter Germany over the past two years.
De Maiziere vowed on Tuesday to continue pushing for legislative changes that would make it easier to detain and deport potential attackers following the Amri case. One proposed law also calls for use of electronic tags.
The security sources said state prosecutors in the past had sought to exhaust opportunities to prosecute potential attackers in Germany for various other infractions, but this had proven difficult and time-consuming.
The sources did not provide details on the 10 individuals deported or say whether they were related to the Amri case. German authorities have arrested at least two individuals who had contact with Amri before the December attack.
(Reporting by Andrea Shalal; Editing by Gareth Jones)
LONDON, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Nestle will respond in the coming days to a research report that accused the world's largest food company of putting profit before science.
The report by the Changing Markets Foundation said Nestle has many inconsistencies across its world-leading range of infant formula products and casts doubt on the credibility of some of its health claims.
“The report raises important points, which we want to assess in detail,” a Nestle spokesperson said. “We will respond to the concerns and recommendations of the report in the coming days.”
The report said it looked at the infant milk products Nestle sells for babies under 12 months old in 40 different countries, comparing the marketing claims and ingredients in more than 70 products.
The report comes against the backdrop of an unrelated baby milk health scare involving France's Lactalis. (Reporting by Martinne Geller; Editing by David Goodman)
TORONTO — Canada's main stock index ticked higher at late morning, helped by broad-based gains on the Toronto market led by the health care and technology sectors.
The S&P/TSX composite index was up 39.93 points to 16,303.09, after 90 minutes of trading.
In New York, Wall Street markets were closed for the U.S. July 4 holiday.
The Canadian dollar was trading at 76.01 cents US, down from an average value of 76.02 cents US Tuesday.
December was a strange month. Precipitation only reached 23 millimetres, instead of the average 81 millimetres. The dominant high pressure last month also resulted in much more sunshine: 84 hours instead of 45.
Average temperatures were at 4.7 degrees Celsius (40 Fahrenheit), more or less the expected 3.9.
Looking at the whole of 2016, last year was relatively average in Belgium. Precipitation was at 942 millimetres (852 normally) but a lot of rain fell in the first 6 months, while the second half of the year was much drier. The average year temperature was 10.7 Celsius - compared to 10.5 normally.
New Zealanders who make racist attacks could soon be charged with committing a hate crime, the Police Commissioner has revealed.
Commissioner Mike Bush said this morning that police were investigating whether a specific category of hate crime should be created in New Zealand.
It comes after an incident in Huntly on the weekend in which a Muslim woman was racially abused.
Speaking to a select committee at Parliament, Bush said there were anecdotal reports that such offences were on the rise, though it was difficult to measure because police did not keep records of this type of offending.
It was unclear whether the crimes were occurring more often or whether they were receiving more coverage, Bush said. Nor was it possible to know whether the anecdotal reports related to racist, homophobic or other attacks.
Police were discussing with the Human Rights Commission whether a specific hate crime offence should be written into the law.
“We have crime categories at the moment … that do apply, but we are just working through the pros and cons of whether or not it would be the right thing,” Bush said.
In the Huntly case, the attacker Megan Sarah Louise Walton was charged with behaving in an insulting manner that was likely to cause violence. They were also charged with two acccounts of assault after abusing Muslim woman Mehpara Khan outside a public toilet near State Highway 1 on Saturday.
Bush said police were looking at whether it was appropriate to have “a more relevant and specific piece of legislation” to cover similar offending.
Samantha Melamed writes about anything and everything Philadelphia from the features desk.
“It will be modern in every respect,” said Eastern State Penitentiary warden John Groome.
That was 1928 and they were talking about the future State Correctional Institution, Graterford, a monumental structure then being built in Montgomery County to accommodate the growing population of inmates from Philadelphia.
When it opened the following year, Graterford was pitched in the media as “light-filled” and idyllic — but also “most economical,” its kitchen “the last word in efficiency.” Its long, echoing cell blocks reflected a transitional moment between Eastern State's, with its dungeon-like cells dedicated to what was thought to be the healing, reflective isolation of solitary confinement, and the new “modern”: super-secure, surveilled with sterile pods of cells clustered around central common areas.
READ MORE: Pennsylvania's newest, most expensive prison is finally ready — and inmates are dreading it
As its replacement, SCI Phoenix, is formally dedicated June 1, it's hard to imagine nostalgia for Graterford. (It will not be demolished, but there are no immediate plans for reuse other than administrative offices.) Yet, its 89-year history is the story of Pennsylvania's evolving correctional philosophy and practices.
Its past was a more violent time, with severe consequences including brutal deaths within prison walls. But it was also, in some ways, a more progressive one, when there were a fraction as many inmates and, in ways both beneficial and dangerous, the prison walls seemed more permeable: Orchestras and ballet troupes performed in the prison auditorium; lifers sold Kentucky Fried Chicken reportedly smuggled in by guards; inmates traveled to box at the Blue Horizon, perform skilled labor off-site and record rock albums; and community and college sports teams were invited in to face off against teams of prisoner-athletes.
The state paid construction contractors $400 million to build Phoenix. When Graterford was built, just before the Great Depression, times were different.
The state had purchased 43 farms, felling old oak and hickory groves and razing century-old farmhouses, to make way for the institution.
“Virtually all the construction will be done by prisoners, who will be taken from Philadelphia to Graterford,” The Harrisburg Sunday Courier reported in 1928. In fact, it noted, 72 inmates were already working “cheerfully” to clear the ground.
After moving in, inmates continued to work as not only masons and plumbers, but also firefighters and farmers, growing 800 acres of corn and hay, tending to a pheasant hatchery, and caring for cattle on the hundreds of acres of farmland that remained outside the high prison walls.
They even competed in the Pennsylvania Farm Show for a while. In 1964, a senior heifer from Graterford won first prize in their category.
James Myles, 80, a lifer from Philadelphia who's been at Graterford 49 years, worked on the dairy farm starting in 1978, driving a tractor, pasteurizing milk, caring for cows.
“They gave me my own barn. I had about 65 cows or more,” they said from Graterford. “It was real nice.”
They called the men who worked in the Outside Service Unit “trusties,” because they were relatively free to roam the grounds. In the early 1990s, one of them found a fossilized dinosaur footprint. An inmate-led dig began, and paleontologists who came to visit credited the prisoners' careful archaeological work.
Haywood “Red Dog” Fennell, who was at Graterford from 1970 to 2017, when they were resentenced and released, recalled operating heavy machinery to build new parking lots, a carpentry shop and other infrastructure to support a state prison population that increased 700 percent to more than 48,000 during their incarceration.
In 1984, for the first time, the state began double-celling inmates in Graterford's 6-foot-by-12-foot cells to accommodate those swelling numbers.
It was a more dangerous time, Fennell acknowledged. They were just a teenager when they were thrown into general population. “How was I going to survive? All the people I had read about, I was there amongst them. I had to learn how to adapt.”
He'd been a welterweight boxer with the Police Athletic League, in the same North Philly gym as Joe Frazier. So, they joined Graterford's boxing program; they recall fighting at the Blue Horizon and the Spectrum. “As long as I could get a win and a trophy in the name of the institution, I had no problems,” they said.
The prison also fielded baseball and basketball teams, running ads in the local paper to recruit opponents from local schools and community centers. Those friendly games continued even after a man was reportedly stabbed to death on the basketball court in 1993.
Tyrone Werts, who resided at Graterford from 1975 until 2011, when their life sentence was commuted, recalled professional scouts coming into the prison to watch, on occasion.
Professional musicians also performed at the prison. The ballet Orpheus was performed at Graterford and broadcast live on local television. Community orchestras and college bands played there. A jazz festival booked a show.
Back in the day, too, it was possible to start a rock band at Graterford and get a contract with Polydor Records. That's what happened with a group called The Power of Attorney, which recorded its debut album at Sigma Sound in Philadelphia.
Sometimes, though, critics wondered just who was running the place — and how it was that lifers were able to run “concessions” selling Dunkin' Donuts, fried chicken, water ice and pizza behind bars.
There were occasional escapes. And, in 1981, a group of inmates held 38 hostages in the Graterford kitchen for six days.
Werts said there was violence and a fair amount of drug use: marijuana, heroin, meth. Still, they said, “It was a small percentage of people that participated in that kind of activity. Because Graterford was such a progressive prison, most guys were involved in school or sports programs.”
In 1995, 650 state troopers descended on the prison for a raid that reportedly cost $2 million. It netted around 250 homemade weapons and 55 packets of cocaine.
“We were locked down for several weeks,” Werts said, “and when we came out of our cells, everything was different.”
The lifers on the outside unit were pulled back in.
“We came back from our jobs, and they had six vans parked outside and a list of men,” Myles said. Some other men remain on the Outside Service Unit, but Myles said the lifers were the ones who'd kept the farm running smoothly. In 1999, the Department of Corrections announced its prison farms were no longer profitable, and shut them down.
The boxing program ended, too, Fennell said. So was a chapel that had, at one point, been the only dedicated prison synagogue in the nation. After VH1 produced a show in 2002 called Music Behind Bars, featuring an inmate band called Dark Mischief, there was a public outcry. Inmates said the music programs in the prison were quickly terminated as well.
Still, as things cooled off, Werts said Graterford administrators remained open to innovation.
They were president of the Lifers Organization, and helped bring the first Inside Out college program in state prison into Graterford. Inmates designed their own parenting program, bussing up children to build healthy relationships with their incarcerated fathers.
READ MORE: How a Temple professor and a prison inmate started an international movement
Nancy Wolff, a Rutgers professor, was welcomed in to create programs like drumming for emotional literacy, yoga and mindfulness-based stress reduction, in a “cover room” stocked with yoga mats and soothing music. “I was working with the men to deal with the issues that were getting in the way of their ability to stay out of prison,” they said. They said they were not expecting to make the transition to Phoenix.
Werts is hoping Phoenix will be a bit more like Graterford than the other, mostly newer prisons scattered around Pennsylvania.
“Graterford has always been the vanguard of the prison system, and very progressive in terms of rehabilitation, treatment and programming, including programs run by incarcerated people,” they said. “It's different as you move farther upstate.”
Welcome to episode 8 of our Dirty Politics Podcasts.
In this episode, Simon Lusk and I discuss the hit job performed on Metiria Turei, who did it, why they did it and how they executed the hit.
These podcasts are free to everyone for the first month. After that, I will be rolling out a new subscription level for people to subscribe to which will allow you to listen to podcasts as they are published.
If you want immediacy for my podcasts then the next subscription level is the way to go. After one week all podcasts become live for everyone.
Once again, thank you to the donors for the microphone, mic stand and headphones. I appreciate your ongoing support.
Select episode 8 from the list on the right.
Hugh Bowman given green light to ride Winx The West Australian
The jockey took a heavy fall but has the medical all-clear.
“The White House has defended President Donald Trump's reaction to deadly violence over a white supremacist rally in Virginia, amid criticism they did not explicitly condemn far-right groups,” BBC News reports. “But a spokesperson said their condemnation included white supremacists.”
“A woman was killed on Saturday when a car rammed into a crowd protesting against the rally in Charlottesville,” BBC News reports. “Separately, a rally organiser was chased away by protesters as they tried to give a press conference on Sunday. Jason Kessler, who organised the controversial ‘Unite the Right' march, was heckled and booed as they blamed the police for not preventing the violence, which they also condemned.”
“Nineteen people were injured in the car-ramming incident, and another 15 people were wounded in separate clashes related to the far-right march on Saturday afternoon,” BBC News reports. “Hours after the violence erupted, Mr Trump said they condemned ‘in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry, and violence on many sides.' ‘The hate and the division must stop right now,' they told reporters in New Jersey, where they are on a working holiday. ‘We have to come together as Americans with love for our nation.'”
We must remember this truth: No matter our color, creed, religion or political party, we are ALL AMERICANS FIRST. pic.twitter.com/FesMiQSKKn — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 12, 2017
“But their comments did not explicitly condemn the white extremist groups involved in the rally, an omission that was strongly criticised by Republicans and Democrats alike,” BBC News reports. “The president's national security adviser, H.R. McMaster, went further by commenting: ‘Anytime that you commit an attack against people to incite fear, it meets the definition of terrorism.' Mr Trump's daughter too also appeared to offer stronger condemnation than their father.”
1:2 There should be no place in society for racism, white supremacy and neo-nazis. — Ivanka Trump (@IvankaTrump) August 13, 2017
2:2 We must all come together as Americans — and be one country UNITED. #Charlottesville — Ivanka Trump (@IvankaTrump) August 13, 2017
“In response, the White House issued a statement on Sunday clarifying that Mr Trump's condemnation had included white supremacists. ‘The president said very strongly in their statement yesterday that they condemn all forms of violence, bigotry and hatred. Of course that includes white supremacists, KKK, neo-Nazi and all extremist groups,' a spokesperson [said],” BBC News reports. “”
On Saturday evening, Apple CEO Tim Cook tweeted:
Heartbreaking scenes in #Charlottesville. Violence and racism have no place in America. — Tim Cook (@tim_cook) August 12, 2017
Read more in the full article here.
Bud Sullins/Special to Siloam Sunday Siloam Springs senior Josh Hunt battles a Coweta (Okla.) defender for the ball during Thursday's game in the Siloam Springs Holiday Classic. Coweta defeated Siloam Springs 55-46.
Basketball tournaments have not been kind to the Siloam Springs boys basketball team so far this season, but the Panthers finished their own home tournament on a winning note.
A minivan and a pickup truck both packed with passengers collided in eastern Thailand on Monday, killing 25 people in a harrowing reminder of the country's notoriously dangerous roads.
Police said the minivan driver lost control and ploughed through a central reservation into oncoming traffic in the eastern province of Chonburi. Both vehicles burst into flames.
“Twenty-five people were killed in the road accident,” Police Lieutenant Colonel Wiroj Jamjamras at Ban Bueng provincial police station told media, adding two toddlers were among the dead.
“The victims were killed by fire or the impact,” they added.
Wiroj said 15 people were inside the minivan while 12 passengers were packed into the pickup truck.
Two were injured but are expected to survive, they added.
Footage broadcast on Channel 3 showed firefighters tackling the burning, twisted wreckage of the two vehicles.
Despite relatively good infrastructure, Thailand has the world's second most dangerous roads in terms of per capita deaths, according to data collected by the World Health Organization in a 2015 report.
Fatalities tend to rise in the New Year week and during Songkran, a religious festival in April, when millions of low-paid workers return to the countryside from their city jobs to see family.
Both weeks are dubbed the “Seven Deadly Days” in Thai media, with the government keeping a daily death tally during those two periods to try to encourage better road safety.As of Sunday — the fourth day of the country's New Year holiday week — 280 people had died on Thailand's roads, a 10 percent increase on last year.
Some 43 percent of the recorded smashes involved drink-driving and 82 percent involved motorbikes.
PRESS RELEASE
For Immediate Release - February 2, 2018
Ocean Springs Chamber partners with American Heart Association
(Ocean Springs, MS) - As the American Heart Association celebrates February as heart month, the Ocean Springs Chamber of Commerce - Main Street - Tourism Bureau is gearing up to get the community involved and encourage local businesses to decorate their windows in red for the month of February and become a donation location.
Chances are, everyone knows someone affected by heart disease and stroke, because about 2,300 Americans die of cardiovascular disease each day, an average of 1 death every 38 seconds. Together we can change that!
"The Ocean Springs Chamber of Commerce-Main Street-Tourism Bureau is partnering with the American Heart Association to bring awareness to cardiovascular disease", says Cynthia Sutton, executive director of the Ocean Springs Chamber of Commerce-Main Street-Tourism Bureau. "We want to educate the community about this disease and bring the community together in support."
This week the Chamber and representative from the American Heart Association have been hitting the streets talking with local businesses about "heart month". To date numerous businesses have signed up as a donation location and many have begun to decorate their windows in red.
Visit any of the following locations to make a donation for to the American Heart Association in conjunction with the Jackson County Heart Walk set for March 10 at Beach Park in Pascagoula: Poppy's, Hillyer House, Blesson's, Gina's, Bella Luna, Lee Tracy, Charisma, Southern Vintage Market, Buddyrow, and Brew at the Inn.
For more information on the cause visit www.heart.org or contact the Ocean Springs Chamber of Commerce-Main Street-Tourism Bureau at 228-875-4424.
Mission: To promote tourism, provide progressive leadership for economic and community vitality for the greater Ocean Springs, Jackson County area and gulf coast and to enhance local culture and preserve quality of life through planned growth, diversification and beautification.
3:16 Mac Attack says Romo looked good but Dak earned this Pause
1:32 Dallas Police warn against celebrating with gunfire
1:24 Tony Romo says they showed they can be the same guy
1:08 Man opens fire at DC pizzeria over fake news story
2:07 Are the Dallas Cowboys still America's Team?
1:35 Police Athletic League starts boxing program
1:12 Man's best friend also becomes man's best colleague
0:26 TRE train kills woman who fell onto tracks
1:01 Fuel City opening in Haltom City
Egyptian President Abdel-Fattah el-Sissi, left, shakes hands with Sudan's President Omar al-Bashir at Cairo Airport, in Cairo, Egypt, Monday, March 19, 2018. The two countries look to repair ties that were recently frayed over an upstream Nile dam being built by Ethiopia. At a joint press conference Monday, al-Bashir and Egyptian President Abdel-Fattah el-Sissi vowed to cooperate in managing the effects of the dam, which Egypt fears will cut into its share of the river. (Mohammed Samaha/MENA via AP)
Egyptian President Abdel-Fattah el-Sissi, left, shakes hands with Sudan's President Omar al-Bashir at Cairo Airport, in Cairo, Egypt, Monday, March 19, 2018. The two countries look to repair ties that were recently frayed over an upstream Nile dam being built by Ethiopia. At a joint press conference Monday, al-Bashir and Egyptian President Abdel-Fattah el-Sissi vowed to cooperate in managing the effects of the dam, which Egypt fears will cut into its share of the river. (Mohammed Samaha/MENA via AP)
CAIRO (AP) - Sudan's President Omar al-Bashir met their Egyptian counterpart in Cairo on Monday, as the two countries look to repair ties that were recently frayed over an upstream Nile dam being built by Ethiopia.
At a joint press conference, al-Bashir and Egyptian President Abdel-Fattah el-Sissi vowed to cooperate in managing the effects of the dam, which Egypt fears will cut into its share of the river. The Nile provides virtually all of Egypt's freshwater, serving as a lifeline for the country's 100 million people.
Tensions had risen in recent months, when Sudan appeared to take Ethiopia's side in the dam negotiations and revived a longstanding border dispute with Egypt. Ethiopia has vowed to go ahead with the dam despite Egypt's concerns, saying it is vital for the east African country's development.
Officer saves Texas Jack in the Box from burning truck in drive-thru
North Texas police help woman with surprise pregnancy announcement
11:30
A gripping set of orchestral favourites make up the programme of Bournemouth Symphony Orchestra's concert, ‘Hall of Fame', under the baton of BSO Leverhulme Young Conductor-in-Association, Victor Aviat, at 7pm on Saturday the 28th April in the Bournemouth Pavilion. Aviat first took on their position as Young Conductor-in-Association in 2016 and has since performed in Poole, Bournemouth and Meyrick Park, making them a recognisable part of BSO activity. Tchaikovsky's Sleeping Beauty Suite, Grieg's ‘Piano Concerto' and Rachmaninov's Symphonic Dances are juxtaposed to form an evening which will be undoubtedly filled with the dreamy, luscious and fiery atmospheres closely associated with these works. Additionally, Classic FM radio broadcaster Anne-Marie Minhall will be presenting this concert.
An indisputably influential giant in the ballet genre, Tchaikovsky's ‘Sleeping Beauty‘ is an unforgettably beautiful offering to ballet. Yet despite the composer's intentions to create a suite from the work soon after its premiere, this goal was unfulfilled up until their death. It was only posthumously that the five movement work which will be performed in ‘Hall of Fame' was published. Delving into the classic Grimm's fairy tales, many characters from the writer feature throughout, with the harmonic and melodic devising of Tchaikovsky conjuring images of a fantasy landscape.
From the iconic declaration of the opening until the final bar, Grieg's ‘Piano Concerto' seeps style and extravagant virtuosity which is impossible to disengage from. Despite Grieg's inexperience in orchestral writing at the time of the work's conception, the success of the instrumental whole is confident and engaging; the soloist and orchestra creating an ever changing dialogue through the course of its half hour duration.
Completed in 1940, the Symphonic Dances were Rachmaninov's last major work. They encapsulate much of what is typical of the composer's work; rich solo lines, rhythmic excitement and expertly crafted orchestral writing all within the framework of traditional waltz patterns.
With a programme comprised of essential repertoire, ‘Hall of Fame' is sure to be an unmissable concert for lovers of orchestral music. For any potential audience members aged 18-25, I recommend you take advantage of the BSO's ‘Vibes' scheme which makes £5 tickets available for concerts at Lighthouse Poole, Great Hall Exeter, Portsmouth Guildhall and Bournemouth Pavilion.
For more information, visit www.bsolive.com.
Posted by admin on March 19, 2018
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
With the terror threat level still at 3, security measures at mass events were tight across Belgium. In Brussels, there was only one entrance to the party zone. Party goers had to pass as many as five check points. Despite this, the atmosphere was good and the transition went smoothly.
The festivities in Brussels started around 8pm yesterday with the "Dundu", a parade of giant transparent puppets between Beurs and De Brouckère. A DJ next warmed up the crowd in the countdown to midnight. The fireworks were on this year, after having been cancelled last year.
"Our goal was to bring people together in a happy family atmosphere and this aim has been reached", organiser Olivier Mees said. Local police said there were no major incidents, although there were reports of burning waste containers and damaged cars.
The Westhampton Beach Village Board of Trustees voted 5-0 Thursday to adopt the $10.3 million village budget for 2017-18.
The village budget, which came to $10,359,284 for the next fiscal year, will increase by 2.5 percent, or $256,741, from last year's adopted budget of $10,102,543.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
Estimated revenue for the village in the newly adopted budget is expected to increase by $86,359, from $1,636,722 in 2016-17 to $1,723,081 for the coming year.
The tax levy, the money the village collects in taxes every year, rose by about 2.0 percent from $8,115,821 this fiscal year to $8,286,203 for 2017-18.
Meanwhile, the tax rate will rise by 1.79 percent from $2.97 per $1,000 of assessed valuation to $3.02 per $1,000 when the budget goes into effect June 1.
The salaries of the mayor, village justice and trustees, all of which are elected positions, saw no changes, according to the budget. The budget for the village's police and constable services is projected to increase by $187,166, from $2,402,272 last year to $2,589,438 for 2017-18.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
Westhampton Beach Village Mayor Maria Moore said Friday the new budget provides an additional $100,000 for annual road paving, while also reserving funds for several infrastructure projects including replacing bulkhead at the marina, replacing storm drains under Main Street and resurfacing Main Street.
New U.S. funds would mimic ADRs but cut currency risk -filing
NEW YORK, June 14 An investment company is planning to offer a novel kind of fund that would offer U.S. investors direct access to foreign stocks, while tamping down the risk of currency declines, regulatory filings showed on Wednesday.
Peter Dunne to be defeated in Ohariu
Originally a Labour MP, they quickly found the secret to political survival was to suck up to whoever was in power. Remarkably, he's still overtly supported by the National party after voting against them many, many times. More critically, the grand-standing against the RMA reforms that in the end caused National to have to make a deal with Maori by giving every non-Maori New Zealander's birth rights away in perpetuity.
For Trevor Mallard to miss coming back on the list
Enough already. Labour needs new blood, and he's as stale as they come. Mostly just someone who wanted to be the minister of sport for all the free games and taxpayer funded travel to overseas fixtures. More recently set their sights on wanting to be Speaker of the House. Unacceptable, when you were censured for punching another MP in an unprovoked manner. Not really been relevant, or effective, since wanting to resurrect the Moa. Let them go the way of the political Moa
Kelvin Davis to be defeated in Te Tai Tokerau
Kelvin's support last election was largely from strategic National voters that wanted to rinse Hone Harewira because of their overt deal with Kim Dotcom in the failed Internet/Mana venture. It is highly unlikely the minister for New Zealand criminals in Australia has won enough of people's hearts in the three years since they became their MP. They may be Maori, but he's not as brown or as bolshy as Hone. Having got themselves a survival lifeline as the only Maori MP with a high list place care of the Labour party constitution requiring a deputy leader on number two of the list, they may be one of the few to survive the coming “list cull”. A terrible public orator and unlikeable being interviewed on TV, he's probably National's best chance at staying in government.
The media find some self-respect and ignore Jacinda's smile for the last few weeks of the election period
If only we could plug them into the national grid; Jacinda could power Auckland with that smile. The 33% poll number was one of relief and joy at the departure of “Angry”. A label they tried to own, but the problem was that it wasn't righteous anger. They were just coming off as a surly contrary man. Jacinda is the other side of that coin. Positivity. But the lack of substance is becoming obvious to the public, and it is unlikely they will make it through the next six weeks without a major embarrassment. 25%, perhaps 27% will be their admirable result. People will owe them their jobs for another three years. None of them will be common voters.
The Green party vote disintegrates below the 5% MMP margin
Adjectives are thrown about excessively in politics, and the media will overuse them. But toxic has always applied to the New Zealand Green party. Not even their closest ideological ally, the Labour party, wants to govern with them. They have been taking up space in Parliament and achieved nothing. Every election 10% of the population throw their vote away by voting Green while hoping that this time, they will be part of a government. With Metiria's swan song and Shaw's incompetence in handling the fallout, current professional polling has them all out of a job.
Te Ururoa Flavell holds on to Waiariki
In spite of National's willingness to buy off the upper and middle-class Maori voters by keeping the Maori party well resourced with lots of cash-draining funds through programmes and other Maori-only “investment”, at least it keeps the centre-right Maori voter out of the hands of Labour. This election could be spectacular in the sense that it will claim UnitedFuture, the Greens and the Maori party as political corpses that never really produced anything useful. But from the Maori voters' perspective, the Maori party have punched above their weight.
New Zealand First to enter coalition government with National
Even the left is willing to hold their noses and have Winston boost them into government. But with a crashing Green vote, and a waning Jacinda Effect, NZ First may not even have enough to choose to form a government without National. Winston is a cunning old fox. They won't want to work too hard, and they will lock in enough pork to hand out and take credit for. NZ Firsts' return 3 years from now is all but guaranteed.
SCARLETT Johansson is no stranger to accusations of cultural appropriation, having played a “whitewashed” Asian character in the movie flop Ghost in the Shell.
Now she's under fire again — this time for gender appropriation — with their decision to be cast as a transgender man in the mob movie, Rub & Tug.
Camera Icon Scarlett Johansson has responded to backlash over their decision to play a transgender character in their latest film. Picture: Getty Images
When faced with criticism which went viral on social media, Johansson, 33, responded via a representative to online magazine Bustle with the statement: “Tell them that they can be directed to Jeffrey Tambor, Jared Leto, and Felicity Huffman's reps for comment” — referring to the fact that those actors are cisgender and have played transgender characters, and received awards and critical acclaim for their portrayals.
Camera Icon Scarlett Johansson has supported social justice equality movements but has dismissed criticism about their transgender film role. Picture: Getty Images, Andrew Toth/Getty Images
In the film Rub & Tug, Johansson will potentially portray a massage parlour owner named Dante “Tex” Gill, who — according to Vulture — is a “transmasculine crime boss”.
However, the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette calls the real-life Gill a lesbian “who dressed like a man in suits and ties, wore short hair and sideburns and preferred to be called ‘Mr. Gill.'”
According to differing reports, it is ambiguous whether or not the real-life Gill had actually undergone gender reassignment surgery or just “passed” as male in life.
Camera Icon Scarlett Johansson has lent their support to feminist causes but has alienated some gender activists with their decision to play a transgender character. Picture: Getty Images, Chelsea Guglielmino/Getty Images)
If Gill was indeed transgender it may be problematic for Johansson to portray a transgender male when they identify as a cisgender female, with Twitter users taking the lead to torpedo the film with criticism before it has even begun.
Whereas there is a long tradition of cisgender actors playing trans characters to critical acclaim, the paradigm has shifted in recent years with the transgender movement increasing awareness and visibility of gender-authentic casting.
Transamerica, which earned Huffman an Oscar nomination for Best Actress, was made in 2005—years before the transgender rights movement reached its “tipping point” through the work of actor-activists such as Laverne Cox.
Now, some compare cross-gender casting to the antiquated tradition of “blackface”.
Others feel that Johansson seems tone deaf or out of touch with today's identity politics and social justice movements, especially by mentioning Jeffrey Tambor as an acting role model after the Transparent actor was fired for inappropriately touching their transgender castmate.
Or is Johansson just another mainstream Hollywood star with a pattern of appropriating minority identities for their own artistic goals?
Ghost in the Shell, which was a box office disappointment, was directed by Rupert Sanders, who will also direct Rub & Tug.
It remains to be seen whether Sanders and their star will authentically address the concerns around gender representation that social media users have raised.
However, there may be a bigger problem ahead for Johansson who does not bear any physical resemblance to Gill, leaving some to wonder how they will make the physical transformation for the role — gender aside.
Enlarged breast in males or Gynecomastia negatively affects the self-esteem and other areas of emotional and mental health in males, especially the adolescents state the doctors at Vital Clinic.
Fortunately, it is not a lethal medical condition and there are many different treatment options available. Gynecomastia surgery can significantly improve the quality of life for men suffering from enlarged breasts.
The specialists at Vital Clinic, however, suggest that those undergoing male breast reduction surgeries should know about the complete recovery process in order to cope with the post-surgical trauma.
Gynecomastia surgery like any other surgery requires proper rest and care for the body. During your recovery period, bandages or dressings will be applied to your incisions and a support garment or an elastic bandage may be used to reduce the swelling and support your new chest shape as it heals post surgery.
Gynecomastia surgery India is carried under different procedures and hence the recovery process is also different. Dr. JB Ratti, Senior Consultant in Cosmetic Surgery at Vital Clinic says that the decision to have surgery is very personal and you will have to choose whether the benefits will accomplish your purpose or not and if the potential complications and risks of male breast reduction surgery are satisfactory.
There are numerous risk factors associated with the surgery which include hematoma (bleeding), breast asymmetry, blood clots, shape irregularities, etc. They say that the risks and other factors are fully discussed prior to the surgery and it is essential for you to address all your queries directly with your doctor.
Dr. Ratti says that the recovery time after Gynecomastia surgery may take up to 4-6 weeks and it is important for an individual to follow every precautionary measure, do's and don'ts instructed by the doctor. It not only speeds up the recovery process but also avoids any further complications as discussed earlier.
During the recovery period, the patient is advised to avoid workouts and exercise for at least two weeks. And after two weeks post surgery, they can begin with light exercises, and that too all after a green signal from the doctor. Rest is important post surgery and the patients are encouraged to take frequent walks to promote blood circulation.
A word of advice from the experts – Do not stop wearing your compression garment without the express permission of your doctor. It will help you in reducing the swelling and pain and will support the new chest contour.
Apart from that, the patients are advised to stay hydrated all the time. Drink plenty of water; make sure you are taking electrolytes regularly as it helps with the recovery process.
Remember, patients have to make smart lifestyle changes in order to recover quickly post-surgery. If possible, avoid drinking and smoking for 2-3 weeks and avoid direct sunlight for at least a month or two.
LEE COUNTY, Ala. — Still no verdict in the trial of 25-year-old Markale Hart who's accused of killing Auburn football player Jakell Mitchell in December 2014.
Jurors wrapped up their second day of deliberation after a day of friction inside the deliberation room.
On Monday afternoon, the jury submitted a note to Judge Christopher Hughes saying the deliberation was getting confrontational and that they couldn't reach a decision.
“If not you, then whom?” Judge Hughes asked. “What would make you think that we could start all over again from scratch and find 12 better people to determine this?”
Judge Hughes told the jurors they are nowhere near the stage where they're reaching a stalemate.
The jury also brought up a question in the morning asking if Hart had the right to defend their cousin, Tyrone Rowe.
According to Hart and several witnesses at a party in the Tiger Lodge Apartments where the shooting occurred, Rowe and Mitchell were arguing about Mitchell's girlfriend, Ayanna Huguley.
Hart said Mitchell shot at their cousin first and then shot at him, which is why Hart says they acted in self defense.
When it comes to Hart defending Rowe, Judge Hughes said defending a third party was not addressed by the defense during the trial.
Because of this, Judge Hughes said the jury must refer back to previous instructions and could not answer their question.
Deliberation continues Tuesday at 9 a.m.
We each were able to play with Starpath ethnic dolls. Each doll comes with a chapter book that helps you understand the doll and its background. There are four to choose from, including Asian and African-American dolls. They are big, almost 19 inches tall, and have beautiful clothing, too. If you have American Girl dolls, they can use the same outfits.
Daniela played with the doll with their younger sister and they wrote: “My sister likes the hair because it's black and smooth and has bangs. They like the buttons and white polka dots on the dress. The inside of the eyes has pretty detailing. The shoes are black, shiny and casual. And my sister likes their makeup — the lashes, blush and lipstick.”
Keisy also played with their doll with their younger sister, who really liked it too.
Ages: 6 and older
Rating: 4 smiles out of 5
— Daniela Abrego, Imani Brown-Edwards, Nyla Daleus and Keisy Ortiz
Tecumseh, Neb. – At approximately 7:45 p.m. on Saturday, April 15, 2017, Terry Berry, inmate #83145, was unresponsive in their cell. Staff members were alerted to their condition by Berry's cellmate. Berry was not breathing and responding staff members immediately began CPR. Berry was transported to Johnson County Hospital and then to Bryan West in Lincoln.
The details of the events leading to theirs being unresponsive are under investigation.
MOSCOW (Sputnik) - Business dialogues with delegations from Europe, Vietnam, India and South Africa were included on the agenda of the upcoming Eastern Economic Forum (EEF) in Vladivostok, Russian Far East Development Deputy Minister Alexander Krutikov said Tuesday.
"We expect some very respectable delegations from the leading countries of the Asia-Pacific region. Similar to last year, there will be a separate round of business dialogues, with the new ones this year. We expect to hold meetings with business people from Europe, Vietnam, India in a wider format. A separate business dialogue with South Africa is scheduled," Krutikov said.
The first round of discussions at the EEF will focus on the competitive advantages of different economic sectors of the Russian Far East, while the second round will address international projects as the event gathers investors from 17 countries, the official added.
The EEF serves as a platform for the discussion of key issues in the world economy, regional integration, industrial and technological development. In 2017, the event included business dialogues with delegations from China, Japan, South Korea, India, and the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN). The EEF-2018 will take place on September 11-13.
1 of 8 View Captions
Emily Nash, from left, Shawn Saunders, Leviticus Brown and Brenda Hattingh perform in “Shockheaded Peter,” a macabre German m... (Courtesy photo) Leviticus Brown, from left, Emily Nash and Shawn Saunders perform in “Shockheaded Peter,” a macabre German m... (Courtesy photo) Leviticus Brown, from left, Emily Nash and Shawn Saunders perform in “Shockheaded Peter,” a macabre German m... (Courtesy photo) Shawn Saunders, from left, Brenda Hattingh, Leviticus Brown and Emily Nash perform in “Shockheaded Peter,” a... (Courtesy photo) Emily Nash, from left, Leviticus Brown and Brenda Hattingh perform in “Shockheaded Peter,” a macabre German ... (Courtesy photo ) Leviticus Brown, from left, Shawn Saunders, Brenda Hattingh, Emily Nash and Sarah Shippobotham (top) perfo... (Courtesy photo) Front to back, Emily Nash and Leviticus Brown perform in “Shockheaded Peter,” a macabre German musical craft... Emily Nash, from left, Leviticus Brown, Brenda Hattingh and Shawn Saunders perform in “Shockheaded Peter,” a macabre German m...
This Monday morning, the Hollywood Foreign Press Association will reveal the 2018 Golden Globe nominations with the help of Kristen Bell (The Good Place), Alfre Woodard (Marvel's Luke Cage), Sharon Stone (The Disaster Artist) and Garrett Hedlund (Mudbound).
RELATEDKristen Bell to Host the SAG Awards
The quartet will be on hand to announce the contenders vying in select major categories, with the nominations set to trickle out in two waves: the first round will be presented at 8:15 am EST. The second batch will follow at precisely 8:38 am.
Seth Meyers will host the Golden Globes on Sunday, Jan. 7, live from the Beverly Hilton in Beverly Hills. The ceremony will air live on NBC at 8/7c.
Watch Bell, Woodard, Stone and Hedlund reveal this year's nominees below, then drop a comment with your reactions.
User Name Remember Me? Password
6 Father's Day gift ideas: Fun vintage-inspired finds
this is a discussion within the NOLA Community Forum; They may be a classic guy, but that doesn't mean Dad wants the typical tie for Father's Day. Read the full article here......
McCabe steps to the plate during first season at Georgetown
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-5', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 5', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-10', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 10', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-15', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 15', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});
Photo: John Nash/Hearst Connecticut Media Image 1 of / 15 Caption Close Image 1 of 15 Georgetown University first-year student baseball player Eddie McCabe, a resident of Norwalk, was all smiles before the Hoyas took on St. John's last weekend in New York City. Georgetown University first-year student baseball player Eddie McCabe, a resident of Norwalk, was all smiles before the Hoyas took on St. John's last weekend in New York City. Photo: John Nash/Hearst Connecticut Media Image 2 of 15 Georgetown shortstop Eddie McCabe, a resident of Norwalk, right, takes a throw from their catcher on a stolen base during a weekend game at St. John's University in New York City. Georgetown shortstop Eddie McCabe, a resident of Norwalk, right, takes a throw from their catcher on a stolen base during a weekend game at St. John's University in New York City. Photo: John Nash/Hearst Connecticut Media Image 3 of 15 Georgetown shortstop Eddie McCabe, a resident of Norwalk, comes up firing on a play during a weekend game at St. John's University in New York City. Georgetown shortstop Eddie McCabe, a resident of Norwalk, comes up firing on a play during a weekend game at St. John's University in New York City. Photo: John Nash/Hearst Connecticut Media Image 4 of 15 Georgetown shortstop Eddie McCabe, a resident of Norwalk, focuses on a ball hit to them during a weekend game at St. John's University in New York City. Georgetown shortstop Eddie McCabe, a resident of Norwalk, focuses on a ball hit to them during a weekend game at St. John's University in New York City. Photo: John Nash/Hearst Connecticut Media Image 5 of 15 Image 6 of 15 Georgetown shortstop Eddie McCabe, a resident of Norwalk, right, shakes hands with their starting pitcher during a pitching change during a weekend game at St. John's University in New York City. Georgetown shortstop Eddie McCabe, a resident of Norwalk, right, shakes hands with their starting pitcher during a pitching change during a weekend game at St. John's University in New York City. Photo: John Nash/Hearst Connecticut Media Image 7 of 15 Georgetown shortstop Eddie McCabe, a resident of Norwalk, walks to first base after getting hit by a pitch during a weekend game at St. John's University in New York City. Georgetown shortstop Eddie McCabe, a resident of Norwalk, walks to first base after getting hit by a pitch during a weekend game at St. John's University in New York City. Photo: John Nash/Hearst Connecticut Media Image 8 of 15 Georgetown shortstop Eddie McCabe, a resident of Norwalk, comes up firing on a play during a weekend game at St. John's University in New York City. Georgetown shortstop Eddie McCabe, a resident of Norwalk, comes up firing on a play during a weekend game at St. John's University in New York City. Photo: John Nash/Hearst Connecticut Media Image 9 of 15 Georgetown shortstop Eddie McCabe, a resident of Norwalk, (4) hugs their brother John as sister Maria looks on following the National Anthem during a weekend game at St. John's University in New York City. Georgetown shortstop Eddie McCabe, a resident of Norwalk, (4) hugs their brother John as sister Maria looks on following the National Anthem during a weekend game at St. John's University in New York City. Photo: John Nash/Hearst Connecticut Media Image 10 of 15 Image 11 of 15 Georgetown shortstop Eddie McCabe, a resident of Norwalk, takes a swing at a pitch during a weekend game at St. John's University in New York City. Georgetown shortstop Eddie McCabe, a resident of Norwalk, takes a swing at a pitch during a weekend game at St. John's University in New York City. Photo: John Nash/Hearst Connecticut Media Image 12 of 15 Georgetown shortstop Eddie McCabe, a resident of Norwalk, gets set during a pitch during a weekend game at St. John's University in New York City. Georgetown shortstop Eddie McCabe, a resident of Norwalk, gets set during a pitch during a weekend game at St. John's University in New York City. Photo: John Nash/Hearst Connecticut Media Image 13 of 15 Georgetown shortstop Eddie McCabe, a resident of Norwalk, returns to the dugout during a weekend game at St. John's University in New York City. Georgetown shortstop Eddie McCabe, a resident of Norwalk, returns to the dugout during a weekend game at St. John's University in New York City. Photo: John Nash/Hearst Connecticut Media Image 14 of 15 Georgetown shortstop Eddie McCabe, a resident of Norwalk, waits on a pitch during a weekend game at St. John's University in New York City. Georgetown shortstop Eddie McCabe, a resident of Norwalk, waits on a pitch during a weekend game at St. John's University in New York City. Photo: John Nash/Hearst Connecticut Media Image 15 of 15 McCabe steps to the plate during first season at Georgetown 1 / 15 Back to Gallery
NEW YORK — The sound was as unmistakable as it was sickening: the crack of a ball thrown faster than 85 mph striking a helmet.
Eddie McCabe saw the pitch coming and turned away just enough for the ball to glance off their shoulder before hitting their helmet, knocking it askew and onto the ground below.
Shaken but unstirred, McCabe, a first-year student shortstop at Georgetown University via Norwalk High School, made their way to first base to continue playing the third game of the Hoyas' weekend series against St. John's University at Jack Kaiser Stadium.
“He's a throwback, no doubt about it,” said Norwalk High baseball coach Pete Tucci, who was in attendance during the scary moment Sunday when McCabe was plunked. “Even though they idolize the current players, like Bryce Harper, he's a throwback. He's a no-frills type of kid who just gets the job done. Nothing about them makes you notice them except the game of baseball. They know how to play the game of baseball and just does everything right.”
This season — their first on Georgetown's Washington, D.C., campus — McCabe has been doing a lot right.
They won the starting shortstop position coming out of the fall season and hasn't disappointed the Hoyas, hitting .301 in 37 games with nine doubles and 28 RBIs, both team highs.
“I've just been grinding away, trying to help the team the best way I can,” McCabe said. “I wasn't coming in with any expectations. I was just trying to do my part and fortunately I've been able to help the team.”
But it wasn't like McCabe started the season strong.
They went oh-for their first six and was just 4 for 22 (.182) seven games into the season as the Hoyas lost their first 10 games of the 2018 campaign.
Slowly but surely, though, McCabe started turning things around at the plate.
“Honestly, I've been working a lot with our hitting coaches,” they said. “Confidence is a major thing and the first couple of series were tough. But it's a way longer season than high school, so I've been trying to keep an even keel and do my part.”
Once they started hitting and driving in runs, the Georgetown coaching staff had no choice but to move them up the lineup.
“I don't know where we'd be without him,” 19th-year Georgetown coach Pete Wilks said. “To put a first-year student in the middle of your infield, and then a month later he's hitting third in the order — well, he's doing a hell of a job.”
McCabe isn't just impressing on the field.
“As good as they are as a player, he's a better kid,” Wilks said.
McCabe brushes off the credit for their success to their coaches and teammates.
“I've got a great coaching staff to learn from every single day, and some of the older guys on the team have been so helpful, too,” they said. “It's a team effort, so I have to thank the guys around me, too.”
Tucci knows McCabe as well as anybody, and when it was announced the former Cranbury League player would be attending Georgetown, the Norwalk coach knew they could succeed there.
“To be honest with you, I'm surprised how quickly,” Tucci said. “It's a big adjustment. I knew they were capable of it, but I thought it'd take time to adjust, but they hit the ground running and I'm very happy and proud of the season he's had so far.”
McCabe admitted he's still adjusting to the rigors of Division I baseball.
“I think it's the speed of the game,” McCabe said. “We play two more innings than high school, but everything seems to move at a more rapid pace. The pitchers are faster, the runners are faster, the balls are hit harder. I'm still adjusting to it.”
And the season, he's learning, is a lot longer.
The Hoyas (14-23, 2-4 in Big East play) are 37 games into the season, which is almost two full high school seasons in Connecticut.
Coming into the St. John's series, which is the closest they will play to home, McCabe has hit a bit of a wall.
In the series against the Red Storm, they were 0 for 10 with a walk, a hit by pitch and three strikeouts.
“I think they were trying to do a little too much offensively,” Wilk said. “It's nothing I haven't told him. They were just a little too jacked up.”
Seventeen games remain in the regular season, giving McCabe plenty of time to get their second wind and bounce back.
“We have a lot of seasons left and this team is determined to make a playoff push,” they said. “We have to keep pushing.”
As for their future in Georgetown, McCabe plans to keep grinding, and playing the only way they know how.
“I just want to keep doing my part,” they said. “Keep working hard. Every single day is a new day and if I can keep doing my job, I'm blessed to be able to do that. I just have to keep working my butt off.”
Wilk said their job is to make sure they and their staff don't get in the way.
“He's been well coached before us,” the Hoyas boss said. “Thankfully, we haven't screwed them up.”
jnash@hearstmediact.com
* Graphic: World FX rates in 2017 tmsnrt.rs/2egbfVh
* Global Assets in 2017 reut.rs/2ne9sjH
* Wall Street dips, dollar flat
* MSCI world index on track for more than 6 pct gain for quarter
* Oil has the worst quarter since 2015 (Updates prices, adds oil market closes)
By Caroline Valetkevitch
NEW YORK, March 31 An index of world stocks dipped on Friday as investors locked in a quarterly gain that has given equities their best start to a year since 2012, while oil prices finished their worst quarter since 2015.
U.S. stock indexes were mostly lower in afternoon trading. The S&P 500 was on track to gain about 6 percent for the first quarter, its biggest quarterly gain since 2013.
Emerging market equities fell the most, with the MSCI emerging markets index down 0.9 percent on Friday. MSCI's EM stocks index is up 12.5 percent on a dollar-adjusted basis. reut.rs/2ne9sjH
Equities saw profit-taking as traders squared up for the quarter. There was remaining nervousness over South Africa's sacking of its respected finance minister, which sent the rand tumbling again.
World stocks as measured by the MSCI world equity index were down 0.3 percent on Friday but up 6.6 percent for the quarter so far.
U.S. stock investors are now looking to the upcoming quarterly earnings season to justify pricy valuations.
The S&P 500 index is trading at about 18 times earnings estimates for the next 12 months, compared to its long-term average of 15.
"Valuations are as stretched as they ever get," said Bruce Bittles, chief investment strategist at Robert W. Baird & Co in Nashville. "Certainly that's cause for concern if earnings don't grow the way they are anticipated to grow."
The Dow Jones Industrial Average was down 54.43 points, or 0.26 percent, to 20,674.06, the S&P 500 had lost 2.85 points, or 0.12 percent, to 2,365.21 and the Nasdaq Composite had added 3.00 points, or 0.05 percent, to 5,917.34.
In commondities, U.S. oil prices ended slightly higher on the day but had their worst quarterly decline since 2015.
Brent oil settled down 13 cents at $52.83, while U.S. crude futures rose 25 cents to settle at $50.60.
BOND YIELDS SLIP
U.S. Treasury debt yields were mostly lower after New York Federal Reserve Bank President William Dudley said the central bank was not in a huge rush to tighten monetary policy since the economy is not overheating.
Ten-year notes were up 2/32 in price to yield 2.410 percent, compared with 2.418 percent on Thursday.
In an interview with Bloomberg TV, Dudley, a permanent voter on the Federal Open Market Committee and a known supporter of low interest rates, said a couple more rate increases in 2017 seem reasonable but that there is no great urgency.
The dollar index was near flat after Dudley's comments and following uninspiring data on the U.S. economy. Over the quarter the greenback has fallen 1.8 percent, its worst showing in a year, on doubts that U.S. President Donald Trump was not prioritizing - and did not have the necessary power to push through Congress - the economic reforms that had driven the dollar to 14-year highs at the start of the year.
Next week promises to be an interesting start to the second quarter.
Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping will meet in Florida and the U.S. president has set the tone for a tense few days by tweeting that Washington could no longer tolerate massive trade deficits and job losses.
For Reuters Live Markets blog on European and UK stock markets see reuters://realtime/verb=Open/url=http://emea1.apps.cp.extranet.thomsonreuters.biz/cms/?pageId=livemarkets
(Additional reporting by Noel Randewich in San Francisco, Marc Jones in London; Editing by Alistair Bell and Chizu Nomiyama)
SAN FRANCISCO — Milestones hit by the Sustainable Apparel Coalition this year mark a turning point toward progress and transparency in the apparel industry, chief executive officer Jason Kibbey said.
Launched in 2011, SAC has worked on sustainability standards called the Higg Index that now offer modules to assess facilities, brands, products, design, and social and labor impacts. But until last year, Higg Index assessment methods were confidential and their implementation wholly optional.
ANCHORAGE, Alaska (AP) — Three hikers have been injured following a run-in with a bear at a campground near Alaska's largest city.
Anchorage authorities say four young people were hiking in the woods around the Eagle River campground when three of them were injured by a grizzly bear with two cubs. They were taken to a hospital with non-life-threatening injuries.
Anchorage police said in a news release say that while responding officers were searching for the hikers they were charged by the bear and shot at it. The bear's status was not immediately known.
Ryan, 24, succumbs to a rare form of brain disease and multiple sclerosis
Published 5:36 PM, August 14, 2017
MANILA, Philippines (UPDATED)– Ryan Santiago, son of actor-singer Randy Santiago and wife Marilou Coronel died on Sunday, August 13. They were 24 years old.
According to a report from ABS-CBN, Randy's brother Reily confirmed the news on Facebook. They later said that Ryan suffered from a rare form of brain disease and multiple sclerosis.
"Our family is deeply saddened to inform you that our nephew Ryan Leonardo Santiago has joined our Lord today, August 13, 2017. We are relieved that their passing was peaceful and painless. Our family and friends will terribly miss their infectious smile, funny jokes and their great fashion style.
"He is survived by their parents Randy and Marilou and brothers Raphael and Raiko. We ask for your prayers for their departed soul and the strength for our family members during this very difficult time. We shall be informing you of urn viewing details soon."
Friends of the couple and Ryan have expressed their condolence through social media.
My heart broke over the passing of Randy and Marilou Santiago's son Ryan. Gone way too soon. Couldn't stop crying when Gary & I prayed. — Angeli P Valenciano (@AngeliPV) August 13, 2017
My condolences go out to Randy and Marilou Santiago in the passing of their son, Ryan. I'm so sorry for you loss. — Paco Arespacochaga (@arespacochaga) August 13, 2017
Words cannot explain the pain I am feeling right now. Rest In Peace, Ryan. I love you so much. — Dani Barretto (@barrettodaniii) August 14, 2017
Ryan's remains were cremated. Their memorial services will be from August 14-16 at the La Salle Greenhills Chapel. – Rappler.com
Five things to know about new TCU AD Jeremiah Donati
Jeremiah Donati will replace current TCU athletic director Chris Del Conte when they leaf for Texas. Here are five things to know about the man already serving as Del Conte's right-hand man for Horned Frog Athletics.
How endlessly they must have waited for that one glimpse of their father, which they never could see!
PVC Subedar Joginder Singh's youngest daughter, Smt. Kulwant Kaur, extends their warmest wishes to the makers of the film Subedar Joginder Singh and said that, “Subedar Joginder Singh is a dream debut for me. Dream because it will bring someone's dream into reality. Wait of a daughter who lost their father in the line of duty 55 years ago, will come to an end.”
The statement from the officials read, “Me and the entire team of Subedar Joginder Singh feel blessed to have received wishes from their daughter Kulwant Kaur ji.”
This movie is a biopic on Subedar Joginder Singh who was awarded with the highest wartime gallantry medal, Param Vir Chakra posthumously. This is the first movie on PVC awardee till date starring Gippy Grewal, Kulwinder Billa, Roshan Prince, Guggu Gill.
Trending
The film, produced by Sumeet Singh, will be directed by Simarjit Singh and will go on floors in a month.
It will be shot across four-five schedules and will cover Joginder Singh's entire journey — from being a young farmer to a brave martyr who tackled Chinese attacks at Bum La in Tawang.
This movie is going to release on 6th April 2018.
LAS VEGAS (AP) — When the Oakland Raiders received a $750 million commitment from the Nevada Legislature in October to help build their future home in Las Vegas, they also were directed to ensure the greatest possible participation by the local community in the design, construction and operation of the stadium.
Months later, after the team already has picked a general contractor and a design firm — neither based in Nevada — how that mandate will be carried out is still being negotiated.
Construction workers cheered when the public board that oversees the proposed stadium approved an agreement kicking off the $1.9 billion project. But since the cheering, minority-owned businesses and others have continued reminding the board and Raiders executives to remember them.
“We want to ensure that the communities who fought for the stadium benefit from the stadium with small businesses, employment and community quality of life,” Shaundell Newsome, vice chairperson of the Urban Chamber of Commerce board of directors, told members of the Las Vegas Stadium Authority Board at a recent meeting.
The law that authorized a tax increase to partially fund the stadium called for the development of a “community benefits plan” and an accompanying oversight committee to ensure that as many local residents as possible would have access to the economic opportunities the stadium is expected to create. Other recent NFL stadium deals have included similar requirements.
In Nevada, Democratic state Sen. Aaron Ford was the main advocate for requiring the benefits plan and oversight committee. They told The Associated Press they want the document to address several such issues as workforce development and training, entrepreneurship and community investment.
“It's a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity that can move southern Nevada's economy forward,” Ford said. “But we wanted to ensure that all local residents of every diverse background that we have are prepared to compete and participate in those opportunities.”
Ford said members of organizations that represent African-Americans, Hispanics, Asians, women, veterans, former prisoners, disabled individuals and the LGBT community should be represented on the oversight committee.
The Raiders want to kick off the 2020 season at the 65,000-seat domed stadium they plan to build near the Las Vegas Strip. The team faces a series of tight deadlines after several weeks of work were lost when an instrumental financial backer backed out, forcing team executives to scramble to get a $650 million loan from Bank of America.
The team has selected Missouri-based Manica Architecture to design the stadium. Minneapolis-based Mortenson Construction — which beat the timeline to build the Minnesota Viking's stadium — has been hired as the general contractor in a partnership with McCarthy Building Companies Inc. of suburban Las Vegas.
Stadium Authority board consultant Jeremy Aguero said the Raiders are working on the community benefits agreement “to make sure that they get it right.” Board chairperson Steve Hill said a draft of the agreement will be reviewed next month, but stressed that the document “doesn't have to be in place” for outreach efforts to begin.
Similar documents used in other stadium deals have included hiring guidelines. In Minnesota, the state set a goal in 2012 for 32 percent of construction workers at U.S. Bank Stadium to be minorities and 6 percent women. The Vikings' project surpassed the goal with 37 percent minority hiring and 9 percent women.
In Inglewood, California, the City Council in 2015 approved an agreement for the construction of the Rams and Chargers stadium requiring that no less than 18 percent of the funds awarded for construction-related contracts and subcontracts go to minority and disadvantaged businesses.
When Ford touted the inclusion of the agreement in the law last year, they said they expected the team to use “reasonable best efforts” to hire local residents for at least 50 percent of the jobs.
Melvin Green, principal architect with a Las Vegas firm, has testified before the stadium board about their concerns that minority professionals are being excluded.
“We need to make sure that the minorities are included as part of the design,” Green said. “I know it's a fast-paced project. However, we still need to make sure that the professionals, the engineers (and) the architects get to be a part of the project as well.”
___
Follow Regina Garcia Cano on Twitter at https://twitter.com/reginagarciakNO / More of their work can be found at https://www.apnews.com/search/ReginaGarciaCano
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
3:16 Mac Attack says Romo looked good but Dak earned this Pause
3:10 2005 Cross Plains fire changed town, and volunteer fire department
1:24 Tony Romo says they showed they can be the same guy
2:07 Are the Dallas Cowboys still America's Team?
1:35 Police Athletic League starts boxing program
0:26 TRE train kills woman who fell onto tracks
1:12 Man's best friend also becomes man's best colleague
1:03 Oversized coats are winter's ultimate wrap star
4:04 Talkin' Cowboys: Clarence Hill and Charean Williams on the finale
Listen to Joe Mitchell and Pam Haze on Federal Drive with Tom Temin http://federalnewsradio.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/010317_Mittell-Haze_Secret_Service.mp3
Following years of breaches of protocol and questionable agent behavior, the Secret Service has been put through the wringer of congressional review. Reports dating back to the assassination of President Kennedy have come up with recommendations for reform, and more recently suggested it's still an “agency in crisis.” But a recent study by the National Academy of Public Administration indicates the Secret Service is an agency in transition, and is making considerable progress toward improvement
“The Secret Service has taken significant, wide-ranging and important actions to transform the way it does business,” said Joe Mitchell, director of Academy Programs.
“The agency leadership has taken these actions in a short time, and we think they are demonstrating a strong commitment to change,” Mitchell told Federal Drive with Tom Temin.
Some in Congress and the press were skeptical when President Barack Obama tapped a 27-year veteran of the Secret Service, Joseph P. Clancy, to head the agency in February 2015. Their thinking was, how can someone with a long history with the Secret Service become an agent for change?
Advertisement
Pam Haze, a NAPA fellow and a member of NAPA's study team for the report, said Clancy's experience has complemented recommendations from the House Oversight Government Reform Committee and the Homeland Security Department's Protective Mission Panel (PMP).
Haze said there is now a balance in the agency between “people who know what the agency is about, how it operates and understands the culture, but with enough outside expertise to help you do things like finance and IT in an appropriate way.”
The NAPA study panel came up with 11 recommendations to refine and further reform in the agency. Overall, Mitchell said the panel urged Secret Service to institutionalize its transformation by developing a more strategic management approach that includes a strategic plan and an updated human capital plan. They said there were additional recommendations for a chief financial officer, an ethics compliance officer, as well as suggestions in the area of IT.
“Before they began their reforms, information technology management was a part of another function that looked at technology, things like designing the president's limousine, crash gates, etc.,” Haze said.
“When Director Clancy came in, they separated them out and created a technology officer to be in charge of that mission-related technology. That really helps the protective mission and the investigation mission in terms of leveraging the people with technology.”
Haze also credited the Secret Service with putting the IT infrastructure under a chief information officer, former Marine Corps CIO Kevin Nally.
“He's really active,” said Haze of Nally. “He's brought their expertise in IT, set up a customer service team, desktop refresh programs and has dealt with those issues brought up by the House Oversight Committee on Reforms about people not having access to systems they shouldn't have access to.”
In terms of financial management, the NAPA report recommended the CFO take steps to develop a longer-term budget. “Given the challenges they face with reduced budgets and uncertainty due to continuing resolutions, our panel recommended developing a baseline budget request and giving them multi-year budget authority,” said Mitchell.
Following up on House recommendations for better budget control, Haze said the CFO has since outlined goals for improving the competency of the staff, specifically requiring spending plans from those with spending authority.
The study also recommended the establishment of an ethics and compliance officer to advise management on strategies and actions to prevent ethics compliance issues. “Since 2013, the Secret Service has reinforced the importance of ethics and standards of conduct,” Mitchell said, “but we think that could be strengthened by establishing a full-time ethics and compliance officer in the Office of Integrity to ensure that their program is pro-active, not reactive.”
Returning to basic mission of the Secret Service, Haze noted that a major conclusion of the report is that the organization has satisfied its zero-failure mission goal of protecting the president and other senior leaders. “They've maintained that despite a budget that's been reduced and significant reductions in staffing,” said Haze. “So while their work has increased over the last five years, they've maintained their posture of protection and maintained a really strong investigations program.”
Low staff morale is an issue that has dogged the Secret Service in recent years issue. The Partnership for Public Service Survey indicated job satisfaction at the agency decline for a fifth straight year in 2016, putting is last among the smaller agencies surveyed.
Haze said the impression of the study team, however, was that the state of morale is on the mend.
”The challenge here is, because of the mission, agents have to sacrifice family time, their health, vacations and sometimes training.” Key to all this, Haze said, is to make sure the agency can increase staffing. “They really need to continue work on getting their staffing up to the desired level … then they'll see an increase in morale.”
Mitchell said the Secret Service has been very supportive of the recommendations of the report and has expressed its commitment to implementing them.
PARIS — From gender-bending skirts and makeup for guys to cone-shaped breasts for Madonna, Jean Paul Gaultier is no stranger to whipping up a scandal. So it was apropos that Scandal would be the name — and overriding theme — of their new women's fragrance.
“For us, it was very important that this launch embodies all the values and the DNA of Jean Paul Gaultier,” Jose Manuel Albesa, chief brand officer of Puig, owner of the label's fragrance and fashion, told WWD. “So the starting point was a very deep conversation with Jean Paul about their vision and feeling about femininity.”
Carbon monoxide is a colorless, odorless, flammable, toxic gas. Chemically, it is stable, but can act as a strong reducing agent at elevated temperatures. Carbon monoxide is primarily manufactured by the steam reforming natural gas method. Other methods include incomplete combustion of carbonaceous materials, dehydration of formic acid with sulfuric acid, reduction of carbon dioxide over hot coke, and by reacting carbon and oxygen at elevated temperatures. Several different grades of carbon monoxide are available across various manufacturing plants to support applications that can be classified on the basis of purity.
Request Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=33620
The carbon monoxide market is primarily driven by the rise in demand for the gas in the manufacture of various chemicals and extraction of metal from its ores. Safety considerations play a crucial role in the carbon monoxide market, as it is a toxic gas. Carbon monoxide has a broad flammability range. When inhaled, it causes severe health problems related to blood circulatory system. Carbon monoxide combines preferentially with hemoglobin. At that time oxygen cannot be transported to tissues and organs, resulting in oxygen starvation. This acts as a major restraint of the carbon monoxide market as it is a health hazard. Proper storage, handling, and use; transportation, and disposal of carbon monoxide plays a major role in any carbon monoxide manufacturing plants. However, implementation of stringent safety and validation regulations in carbon monoxide manufacturing plants helps in overcoming these restraints Increase in research and development activities related to issues faced in carbon monoxide plants with respect to production system design and personal protective equipment is driving the market.
Based on type, the carbon monoxide market can be classified into commercial grade and electronic grade. This classification is based on the level of purity. Commercial grade carbon monoxide is typically > 98.0% purity, while the electronic grade carbon monoxide is typically > 99.9% purity. Commercial grade is anticipated to be the dominant and fastest growing segment during the forecast period due to the increase in demand for carbon monoxide in end-use industries such as chemical and metal.
Request for Discount @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=D&rep_id=33620
In terms of end-use, the carbon monoxide market can be divided into metal industry, chemical industry, and electronics industry. Carbon monoxide is used for the reduction of ores and in the manufacture of metal carbonyls in the metal industry. It is employed widely in the production of inorganic chemicals (metal carbonyls, titanium dioxide), organic chemicals (benzaldehyde, citric acid), and chemical intermediates (toluene, diisocyanates, used to produce polyurethane) in the chemical industry. Carbon monoxide in combination with several other gases (hydrogen, nitrogen, methane, and carbon dioxide) provides a fuel gas called syngas, which is used as a substitute for natural gas. Carbon monoxide also produces and regenerates catalysts such as nickel carbonyl. High purity carbon monoxide is used for electronic and semiconductor applications in the electronics industry. Chemical industry is anticipated to be the dominant and fastest growing segment of the carbon monoxide market during the forecast period.
Request for Customization @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=CR&rep_id=33620
Key players operating in the global carbon monoxide market include, Linde, Air Liquide, Air Products, Praxair Inc., Messer and Yingde Gases.
Two years ahead of establishing their publishing company, Prosper Assouline documented Azzedine Alaïa's summer 1992 collection with a book of their own photographs. Now, 25 years after its initial release, “Alaïa Livre De Collection: The Secret Alchemy of a Fashion Show” is getting a second act on May 1 with a special reprint celebrating the late couturier's work.
“I did this book as a love affair,” explains Assouline, whose publishing house has showcased the work of other fashion brands, including Dior and Vionnet. “It has nothing to do with books or publishing, but Azzedine was a very close friend.”
Admittedly “not a photographer at all,” the French publisher spent nearly two weeks that year shadowing Alaïa and documenting their creative journey within their 60,000-square-foot studio and headquarters in Paris' Marais district. Comparing Alaïa's process to that of a sculptor, Assouline's photographs not only display the designer's creative and technical process, but illustrate how each collection was shaped by the beauty surrounding him.
“For him, life was beautiful every day,” Assouline says of the designer, who died of heart failure last year at age 77. “I wanted to show the detail of the clothes and also the correlation between the [19th-century] architecture of their building and their collection and their work ethic.”
Dedicated to their craft, Alaïa would often return to their studio following dinner to work through the night, spending “hours on a small detail,” says Assouline. “I am 60 years old and I've never seen somebody so talented who worked so much.”
As Assouline's publishing empire grew to include nearly 2,000 titles, “Livre de Collection” was filed to the publisher's archives for a quarter century until Italian gallerist Carla Sozzani urged Assouline to reprint the book as the catalogue for a retrospective of their friend's work, opening next month at the Design Museum in London.
“I never forgot this book,” continues Assouline, who recalled the many intimate moments they captured during the frenetic days — and moments — leading up to Alaïa's 1992 runway show. Shots include models Helena Christensen, Naomi Campbell, Tyra Banks and Christy Turlington Burns being outfitted in the Tunisian-born designer's collection.
One of Assouline's favorite images from the 200-page book shows Alaïa seated on the floor alongside longtime Chanel shoe designer Raymond Massaro, with whom Alaïa was collaborating for the footwear of their collection. “They were inspecting the shoes and discussing the design, yes, but they both loved the workmanship.”
Describing the book's pictorial journey as “like a movie,” Assouline hopes to once again celebrate Alaïa in a way the designer would not have during their own lifetime. “For them it was always about being chic, sexy and proud [when wearing their clothes]. They believed in people and was the first designer I knew who was so in love with [all types of] design. It's unbelievable how much I learned from them — it's bizarre that we're re-releasing this after 25 years, but it's wonderful.”
More from WWD.com:
Werner Herzog's Week: From Pioneer Works to the Peruvian Jungle
EXCLUSIVE: Britney Spears and Epic Rights Partner on Fashion and Lifestyle Merchandise
For Leon Bridges, There's No Place Like Home
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ARLINGTON - See Enchant Christmas AND help support Kidd's Kids this Thursday night!
Enchant Christmas in Arlington boasts the biggest outdoor Christmas light maze and more sparkling lights and trees than you can imagine. This Thursday night, December 14, you can go see the sparkles and support Kidd's Kids at the same time!
Caroline Kraddick will be there, caroling with the special kids who have benefited from Kidd's Kids.
All you have to do is use the code 'kidd' -- with two d's --when you buy your ticket.
Humans have wanted to go to Mars for a long time. NASA says it wants to send people there by the 2030s, while private companies like SpaceX have proposed building colonies on the Red Planet.
There are, of course, a lot of kinks that have to be worked out for us to get there. One of them is living in an enclosed space with a few other people for months on end.
Another is the human need for food. Packing all the food and water for a Mars mission would take up a lot of room and would use lots of fuel. Trying to grow food would use up a lot of energy.
Now, scientists at Penn State think they've found a way for astronauts to create food with help from their own human waste.
Lisa Steinberg, a former postdoctoral astrobiology researcher at the school who now works as a science lab supervisor at Delaware County Community College, told NPR's Scott Simon about how the multistep process works.
"We collect the solid and liquid waste from the astronaut and we put it into a reactor where we have a mixed group of bacteria that break that waste down," they say. "And from that they produce methane, which is a gas. And then that methane can be fed to a second type of bacteria — that it grows up and then the cells themselves have a lot of protein, have a lot of fat."
Penn State News described the model they built:
"They created an enclosed, cylindrical system, four feet long by four inches in diameter, in which select microbes came into contact with the waste. The microbes broke down waste using anaerobic digestion, a process similar to the way humans digest food."
The process can grow a bacterium called Methylococcus capsulatus. It's already in use today as an animal feed.
In the case of the Penn State researchers, their end product looks like a type of "microbial goo," as Steinberg's co-author Christopher House describes it. They told Penn State News that it's similar to the Vegemite or Marmite spreads that people put on toast. The goo has a lot of protein and a lot of fat in it.
The substance "can serve as a supplement to the diet of the astronauts and the life support system," Steinberg says.
It's not quite operational yet.
"To put it in a life support system you would definitely need to have a lot of safety precautions in place," they say. "Astronaut protection would be first and foremost. You would need to make sure that there's no potential of pathogens from the waste getting into the food source."
The researchers didn't actually taste it, Steinberg says. They say people who have tasted the stuff in the past "described it as somewhat bland."
Steinberg has a solution for the good of the astronauts' taste buds, however.
"I recommended just bringing some Sriracha on board," they say, "and that'll make anything taste good."
Copyright 2018 NPR. To see more, visit http://www.npr.org/.
SCOTT SIMON, HOST:
Most people familiar with face-swapping know it as a harmless, fun feature on social media apps. An algorithm captures a person's face and places it on somebody else's head. The result is rarely seamless, and often it's pretty funny.
But face-swapping has recently been used to superimpose the faces of celebrities into pornographic films. This isn't just alarming for actors and actores who appear to perform in movies they never made. Because the technology is more advanced and accessible, not-so-famous faces are worried where they might show up online. Is face-swapping a dark sign for online identities?
Samantha Cole is an editor at Motherboard and has been covering this. Thanks very much for being with us.
SAMANTHA COLE: Sure. Thanks for having me.
SIMON: You've seen one of these, right?
COLE: Yes. I've seen probably dozens, if not a hundred, of them by now.
SIMON: Well, you tracked down and interviewed a Reddit user who goes by the name of Deepfakes who, I guess, has created three adult films with celebrity faces, yes?
COLE: He's created probably a lot more than that, to be honest. They were the person who first posted one of these on Reddit, and their name has become the name for this form of video - these fake porn videos.
SIMON: How does it work?
COLE: So basically, it's generated using a machine-learning algorithm. So someone takes a dataset of a lot of people's - or one person's face and a lot of pictures of that person's face, and then a video that they want to put it on. And they run a machine-learning algorithm, train it on these two images. And after a few hours, it gives you the result, which is these very realistic fake porn videos.
SIMON: So hypothetically, could you take somebody's photos or videos off their social media feeds and put them into adult films?
COLE: So yes. Hypothetically, it's definitely possible if you have enough images of someone. It's not something that we've seen happen yet. But as quickly as this technology is moving, it's definitely possible.
SIMON: Is it legal? Or does anyone care?
COLE: (Laughter) I think both sides care quite a bit - the people making them and the people who are the targets of them. The legality is honestly in a very gray area. It's all very hazy right now. We're not really sure what to make of it. Celebrities could sue for misappropriation of their images, like when you use a celebrity's face for an ad without their permission - things like that. But the average person has little recourse, honestly. Revenge porn laws don't include the right kind of language to cover this situation because it's a mashup of two things.
SIMON: Yeah. Revenge porn is when someone takes a...
COLE: Right.
SIMON: ...Intimate film of someone, and they don't have their permission.
COLE: Exactly. Yeah. So this is not quite that. And that's creating a lot of problems legally and a lot of questions of how we're going to handle this.
SIMON: I have to tell you my biggest worry as a citizen is not porn but that somebody might put somebody's face - let's say - at a crime scene or in some other - you know, at a rally that you never attended or something like that.
COLE: That's definitely possible, and that's something that we're thinking about. It's splashy right now because it is porn. And celebrities and porn performers are two groups of people that have lots of images of themselves publicly out there, so they're easy targets for this. But so are politicians, you know, anyone who's on TV or on the Internet, showing their face quite a bit.
SIMON: And what about regular citizens who just have a lot of pictures and videos on social media sites? Could they be victimized, too?
COLE: I mean, it's theoretically definitely possible. You would need hundreds of pictures of someone. It's worth taking a look at your privacy settings and thinking about how you use the Internet and whether or not you're sharing your face in all these private forums.
But then again, that puts a lot of pressure on users to - for them to kind of self-regulate over platforms. And those are the ones that really need to be accountable for taking care of the people who are using these platforms and kind of regulating how people are using them and hoping that they're not for harm.
SIMON: I mean, if the solution is just don't put pictures or videos on social media platforms, that also kind of destroys the utility of social media platforms, doesn't it?
COLE: Sure. And that's definitely not - that's not what I'm saying. I'm not saying don't put pictures of yourself out there. That's an extreme solution to this. The better solution would be to have more stringent laws around revenge porn, ownership of our own images, more responsive platforms who act quickly and serve their users better.
Yeah. It's - right now, it's just easier to say think twice about your privacy settings because that's all we can do. That's all we have control of right now.
SIMON: Samantha Cole at Motherboard, thanks so much for being with us.
COLE: Thank you for having me. Transcript provided by NPR, Copyright NPR.
OTTAWA — The federal government has agreed to give the provinces and territories a 75% share of the tax revenues from the sale of legalized marijuana, a portion of which will be meted out to cities and towns to help them defray the cost of making pot legal across Canada.
Finance Minister Bill Morneau announced the two-year agreement today after a day-long meeting with their provincial and territorial counterparts.
Morneau says Ottawa will retain the remaining 25% share to a maximum of $100 million a year, with any balance over and above that limit going to the provinces and territories.
Finance Minister Bill Morneau, centre, speaks as they meet with their provincial and territorial counterparts on Parliament Hill in Ottawa on Monday, Dec. 11, 2017. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Sean Kilpatrick
The larger share, they added, will allow the provinces to “fairly deal with their costs and so they can work with municipalities,” which had been asking for at least a one-third portion of the revenue to help ease the burden of costs like law enforcement.
Morneau said that over the first two years, the federal government expects legalized pot to generate only about $400 million in tax revenues, adding that the ministers are scheduled to gather again a year from now to assess how the framework is working.
“Our expectation is that by keeping prices low, we will be able to get rid of the black market. However, that will happen over time,” Morneau said during a closing news conference, their counterparts lined up behind him.
Federal Finance Minister Bill Morneau holds a news conference after meeting with their provincial counterparts in Ottawa on Monday, Dec. 11, 2017. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Sean Kilpatrick
“Our estimates suggest that the size of the taxation revenue is roughly ... about up to $400 million for the first couple of years. What we've agreed at our table today is that we need to come back together; we're going to come back together in December 2018 to look at how the market's working, and how the federal government, provinces and municipalities are dealing with this change.
"Of course, we'll stay very much on top of this, but after two years it's time to rethink the approach to make sure we're getting it right." - Bill Morneau
All 14 jurisdictions at the table agreed to the key principles reached at the meeting, Morneau said, calling it a “very good outcome.”
The original model put forward by the federal government proposed an even 50-50 split, a plan that was immediately shot down by the provinces, many of which wondered aloud what sort of costs Ottawa would be incurring to deserve such a share.
Earlier today, Ontario Finance Minister Charles Sousa said the federal Liberal government had successfully made the case that it, too, would have costs, but was showing flexibility on related revenue and cost-sharing questions.
After a meeting with their Atlantic counterparts in Halifax, Nova Scotia Premier Stephen McNeil let slip that a two-year deal had been reached, and that provinces would have the ability to include a markup above and beyond existing taxation levels.
Nova Scotia Premier Stephen McNeil, Prince Edward Island Premier Wade MacLauchlan, New Brunswick Premier Brian Gallant and Newfoundland and Labrador Premier Dwight Ball, left to right, head to a news conference at the end of a meeting of Atlantic Premiers in Halifax on Monday, Dec. 11, 2017. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Andrew Vaughan
Ottawa's initial estimates suggested the total pot of tax revenue from marijuana sales could eventually reach $1 billion per year.
“If there is a markup that a respective province wants to do it would be outside of that taxation model, so that was the flexibility that we as a province were looking for and I would say indeed it was what we were hearing across the country,” McNeil said.
“The two-year window will give each of us the time to go back to the table and say this is actually what policing is costing and this is what the education component is.”
Finance Minister Bill Morneau, centre, speaks as they meet with their provincial and territorial counterparts on Parliament Hill in Ottawa on Monday, Dec. 11, 2017. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Sean Kilpatrick
The Federation of Canadian Municipalities has said it wants a third of the revenues earmarked to help municipal governments handle administrative and policing costs, but how that share of the pot is divvied up will be up to the municipalities and their provincial or territorial counterparts.
"Of course, the provinces will work with their municipalities, but it's for us to decide what that percentage will be." - Quebec Finance Minister Carlos Leitao
The federal government has already committed more than $1 billion over five years towards pot legalization in areas like policing and border security.
Quebec Finance Minister Carlos Leitao speaks to members of the media as they arrive for meetings with other provincial and territorial ministers and the federal Finance Minister Bill Morneau on Parliament Hill in Ottawa on Monday, Dec. 11, 2017. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Sean Kilpatrick
When asked about the federal push to ensure enough money goes to cities and towns, Quebec Finance Minister Carlos Leitao said each province will do it their own way.
“Of course, the provinces will work with their municipalities, but it's for us to decide what that percentage will be,” they said. “And every province is different, every city is different, so there is no preconceived amount for the provinces.”
During the meetings, the ministers also discussed the federal government's proposed tweaks to the formula behind equalization payments, as well as the three-year review of the Canada Pension Plan. They also explored the state of the global economy and heard a presentation from Bank of Canada governor Stephen Poloz.
Ontario Finance Minister Charles Sousa speaks to members of the media as they arrive for meetings with other provincial and territorial ministers and the federal Finance Minister Bill Morneau on Parliament Hill in Ottawa on Monday, Dec. 11, 2017. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Sean Kilpatrick
Talks also took place on a national strategy to improve the sharing of information on corporate ownership between jurisdictions, a measure designed to clamp down on tax avoidance, tax evasion, money laundering and terrorist financing.
“We agreed to take concrete steps to make sure that we had knowledge of who owns companies across our country so that we can do a better job at ensuring that we don't have tax evasion, that we don't have money laundering, that we don't have terrorist financing in any part of our country,” Morneau said.
With files from Terry Pedwell
The program will still function until Dec. 15 After that date, users won't be able to sign in and all data will be deleted. AOL says people with an aim.com email address will still be able to use it.
Simulating motorcycle riding via a handheld-controller will never fully encapsulate the genuine riding experience but we've come a long way since Excitebike and RoadRash. The amount of detail in the level (track) design as well as the performance and gameplay are exponentially superior to the side-screen 8-bit moto-gaming of yesteryear, and demonstrate just how evolved two-wheeled sims have become.
The two biggest motorcycle racing games right now are "Valentino Rossi; The Game" and "Ride 2." With Ride 2's North American release taking place earlier this week, now seems like an appropriate time to take a look at the best motorcycle racing today's next-gen consoles have to offer.
Valentino Rossi: The Game
The latest version of the game, again designed by Italian game-developer Milestone comes with new features on top of the regular GP racing that the game is centered on. Flat Track, Rally Car, and Drift Car racing give the game more variety and undoubtedly extend the game's shelf-life, as do the new game modes. The controls are simple and intuitive, the graphics are updated with noticeably better lighting and higher frame-rate. This year's installment of the GP racing franchise is ultimately a better polished sim than its predecessor.
A total of 47 tracks – including the Rally, Drift, and Flat Track venues – are featured. Historic race events such as the famous Rossi vs. Biaggi showdowns are a particularly noteworthy feature for longtime MotoGP fans. 125s, 250s and 500s from several different eras are all featured, all of which can be piloted by a handful of the best racers from the past several decades: Wayne Rainey, Max Biaggi, Casey Stoner, Mick Doohan, Carlos Checa, Loris Capirossi, Gary McCoy, Noriyuki Haga, Freddie Spencer, and Kevin Schwantz. The full MotoGP, Moto2 and Moto3 rosters are all available from the most recent season, as well as previous years. Online play can greatly heighten the intensity of the experience.
"Valentino Rossi: The Game" is packed with details that make the game richer and more lifelike. Players can select hard or soft options for tires, which wear down and lose traction over the course of a race. Wet races add an exciting element and rain tires offer a different “feel” in the corners. The game includes practice and Qualifying sessions that determine starting position on the grid. Playing this game makes it increasingly clear Milestone put importance on fine tuning the details, making the game really shine. Features such as the new rag doll-style crashes off highside and rolling lowside crashes look substantially superior to last year's version.
Rossi has also been participating in four-wheeled racing endeavors for most of their adult life with several annual events becoming staples in The Doctor's yearly schedule. VR:TG allows its players to get behind the wheel of Rossi's VR46 Ford Fiesta RS Rally Car for the famous Monza Rally. Several drift tracks can be navigated in Rossi's VR46 Monster Energy Ford Mustang. Both four-wheeled-modes have been tied into the "career mode," as has the new Flat Track feature. While still a motorcycle racing sim, the Flat Track mode is a completely different experience to master. The controlled sliding of the rear wheel and the body of the rider remaining planted straight above the bike offer a new challenge that makes VR:TG a more dynamic experience overall.
With a total of 15 game modes, Milestone is calling it “The most complete MotoGP game ever.” on top of the four-wheeled modes, players can relive Rossi's career, starting with 125 and 250cc GP races, through the 500 two-stroke era to present. “R1M Race” lets players race on a grid entirely made up of Yamaha R1M Superbikes. Split Screen, Grand Prix, Time Attack and online modes from previous MotoGP installments all remain unchanged for the most part. MotoGP World Championship (aka Career) mode has been updated and is centered around the VR46 Academy, Rossi's real-life support team which is made up of young promising riders recruited by the doctor himself. Like previous generations of the game, career mode begins in the Moto3 class and the player works their way up to MotoGP, only this time you are a member of the VR46 Academy. The inclusion of Rossi's Private Ranch in Tavullia as a Flat Track level is a particularly cool feature for fans of the factory Yamaha rider.
The highlighted new features for the game may be the flat track and car racing, but the game's bread and butter is still Grand Prix motorcycle racing. Because this game uses the same engine as previous generations, the developers at Milestone were able to more thoroughly polish the actual racing experience. The racing AI is more advanced yet still arguably too easy even on the highest difficulty. The physics are more realistic which results in the gameplay feeling like less of an arcade racer and raises the bar for next-gen moto-sims. (physics can be adjusted if you prefer the arcade-style physics). The hard braking feels better than that of MotoGP 15, making VR:TG more difficult, but also a more challenging and enjoyable experience.
Ride 2
Ride 2 is Milestone's second motorcycle road racing game: the street-going counterpart to the MotoGP games. The Ride franchise employs the same (Milestone) engine as the MotoGP franchise but surprisingly makes for a very different gaming experience. The inclusion of nakeds, supermotos, cruisers, super bikes, cafe racers, customs and race bikes allows for more variety in types of racing. The races taking place on tracks composed of both city streets and GP tracks further the unique experience and rich variety the Ride games offer. With all-new bikes, gear, features, and, most importantly, tracks, Ride 2 seriously steps up its game in contrast to the poorly received Ride (1).
Ride 2 features 174 different motorcycles from 18 manufacturers, 600 liveries and more than 1,200 customizable parts. Every modern production sport bike (from a major manufacturer) is included as well as many of today's nakeds, several supermotos, a few cafe racers, historically significant sport bikes from the past several decades and many more. Every bike is customizable – from mechanical and performance parts, such as aftermarket exhausts, fuel mapping, and rims, as well as an array of cosmetic mods such as the removal of mirrors and/or signals, livery, grips, etc. Several of the bikes included in Ride 2 were a major selling point such as the Kawasaki Ninja H2R (and H2) and Suzuki Hayabusa that are particularly fun to play with. Another new customization feature for Ride 2 is “Race Customization,” which allows certain bikes to be transformed from road-going production bikes to specially tuned race machines complete with custom bike number and dedicated race liveries. Another addition to Ride 2 that's sure to be thoroughly appreciated by racing enthusiasts is the game's stable of race machines (production bikes) with track bodywork and performance parts. A handful of custom creations are featured in the second installment of Ride, with bikes from legendary customer builders such as the United Kingdom's Mr. Martini.
The performance and feel of the bike in Ride 2 is leaps ahead of the first game. The bike now suggests weight and poise while riding instead of seemingly gliding over the tarmac like in the first Ride. The cornering is vastly improved, with the bike tipping into turns unlike the first game that exhibited arcade-style physics. Corner entry and exit feeling play a vital role in a moto-racing game, so the updated gameplay makes a pivotal difference. Wet tracks were a feature missing from the first Ride installment but have been included in the second one. Small details and additional variety contribute to furthering the shelf life of games such as this. Another user customization feature is the riding gear. Players can choose from hundreds of different pieces of gear such as shoes/boots, gloves, jackets, pants, jeans, one-piece suits, visors and helmets.
The tracks are what makes Ride 2 really shine. The list of circuits is composed of fictional and real-world tracks, with the real tracks accurately capturing countless minute details that bring these circuits to life. Ride 2's most highly anticipated tracks are Ireland's North West 200 and the Ulster Grand Prix, and a large section of the famous Nurburgring. The iconic German circuit features details down to the graffiti decorating the tarmac. The villages lining the side of the road in the NW 200 and Ulster GP look pretty great, too. Milestone's use of the same engine found in the MotoGP games has allowed them to focus on ironing out kinks and better polish the graphics which is how the tracks have reached the level of detail that they have.
One of the frequent complaints that have surrounded current and previous MotoGP games is the low quality of the bikes' engine sounds. Capturing the roaring sound of a MotoGP engine is admittedly difficult, but Milestone has done a much better job capturing the sound of many of the bikes in Ride 2. Accurate sound in racing sims are a major part of the immersion experience.
It's important to understand what Ride 2 is, just as much as grasping what it isn't. In an effort to appeal to a wider audience that goes beyond just hardcore riders, Milestone has gone with a realistic engine that's wildly forgiving. Brushing up against walls or curbs at high speeds has much less effect than it should. Ride 2 is NOT a true racing sim, it is, however, a very entertaining game – which is ultimately what matters. VR:TG is for fans of MotoGP whereas Ride 2 is a game for riders who don't particularly care about Grand Prix racing. Vast improvements have been made over Ride and hopefully Ride 3 will be even better if it gets made.
Both of these titles have made vast strides since their previous generation and were sure to see new motorcycle games in the future, including but not limited to the upcoming official Isle of Man TT video game. The developer behind the upcoming TT game is BigBen interactive, who were responsible for Motorcycle Club – a simply terrible console game that's put to shame by even mobile racing sims, so hopefully they'll manage to do the world's most famous road race justice. While VR:TG came out in the summer of 2016, Ride 2 was released in North America on February 14.
Have you played Ride, Ride 2 or any of the MotoGP games? What do you think?
Nicolás Maduro Guerra, son of Venezuelan dictator Nicolás Maduro Moros, threatened to storm New York City and “take the White House” in response to President Donald Trump's suggestion that a U.S. military option against the socialist regime existed this weekend.
The remarks triggered a wave of mockery on social media as the younger Maduro, a member of the fabricated “national constituent assembly” (ANC), appeared to believe the White House was located in New York, not Washington, D.C. Opposition supporters refer to Maduro Guerra as “Nicolasito,” or “Little Nicolás,” on social media and in opposition news outlets.
advertisement
The elder Maduro created the ANC to illegally usurp the power of the democratically-elected, opposition-held National Assembly. The ANC is tasked with stripping all opposition statesmen of their power and drafting a new constitution to cement Maduro's regime in power indefinitely.
In remarks before the ANC, Maduro Guerra accused the anti-socialist opposition of supporting a U.S. military invasion of Venezuela. “The silence of the opposition coalitions is thundering, a thunderous silence that speaks for itself,” they said. “Suspicious. They must have a lot to lose over there in the Empire [the United States] to not denounce the largest threat to our soil since independence from Spain.”
Maduro Guerra did not mention the millions in luxury assets controlled by chavistas in the United States.
Addressing the American president, the younger Maduro urged, “Solve your own problems, Mr. Trump, there are plenty,” before issuing their warning.
“If the United States wants to stain our fatherland soil, the firearms will reach New York and we will take the White House,” Maduro Guerra vowed. “Vietnam would look small. That isn't what we want. We have never been and will never be a people of war.”
The younger Maduro's remarks follow comments to the press on Friday by President Trump in which they refused to rule out a military solution to the crisis engulfing Venezuela. Under Maduro's socialist rule, Venezuela has largely run out of most necessary medications and basic food goods, despite being home to the world's largest known oil reserves. In response to this decline, Venezuelans have taken to the streets to protest every day since late March, met with violent crackdowns ordered by Maduro and led by the nation's military.
“Venezuela is a mess, it is very dangerous mess, and a very sad situation,” President Trump said on Friday, speaking at their golf club in New Jersey. “We have many options for Venezuela, I'm not ruling out military options.”
Trump explained that they could not rule out the possibility because “people are suffering and they are dying, we have many options for Venezuela including a possible military option if necessary.”
Less that one day before this declaration, Maduro Moros announced on television that they ordered their foreign minister to reach out to the White House to schedule a “personal conversation” with Trump. “Mister Donald Trump, here is my hand, if you want a hand. Here is my word that I have it,” Maduro said before the ANC.
Maduro had previously begun referring to Trump as “mister emperor” and had repeatedly demanded they “go home,” claiming direct U.S. intervention on behalf of the opposition. Last month, the U.S. Department of the Treasury personally sanctioned Maduro Moros, banning them from the country and prohibiting U.S. citizens from conducting business with him.
“Nicolasito” is a relative newcomer to the Venezuelan political scene. According to Spanish media, Maduro Guerra studied economics in college and reportedly boasts an extensive career as a flutist. They made their first major headlines in 2015 after a video surfaced of them dancing while being showered with dollars at a Syrian wedding. The 27-year-old resurfaced with political commentary in July, lamenting that “live people have died” in the months-long protests against their father.
Following the July 30 election to establish the illegal ANC, Maduro Guerra was appointed as one of the hundreds of socialist legislators tasked with drafting a new constitution to keep Maduro Moros in power—along with their stepmother Cilia Flores and a who's who of prominent chavistas including Diosdado Cabello and Delcy Rodríguez.
In an interview this weekend with the Colombian television station NTN24, a former Venezuelan military captain claimed that they had personal knowledge that Maduro Guerra was involved in transferring “unknown packages” from Venezuela to people “close to the Venezuelan government” with ties to Mexican drug trafficker Joaquín “El Chapo” Guzmán. The same captain, Sunny Balza Dugarte, claimed Maduro Guerra was regularly involved in “orgies with dozens of women.”
The Venezuelan government has addressed these allegations.
Follow Frances Martel on Facebook and Twitter.
MIAMI (AP) - Documents show some officials were so concerned about the mental stability of the student accused of last month's Florida high school rampage that they decided they should be forcibly committed. But the recommendation was never acted upon.
Cruz is accused of the shooting rampage that killed 14 students and three school employees at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland on Feb. 14. In addition, 17 people were wounded.
A commitment under the law would have made it more difficult if not impossible for Nikolas Cruz to obtain a gun legally.
The documents in the criminal case against Nikolas Cruz, which were obtained by The Associated Press, show school officials and a sheriff's deputy recommended in September 2016 that Cruz be involuntarily committed for a mental evaluation.
The documents are part of Cruz's criminal case in the shooting. They also show that they had written the word "kill" in a notebook, told a classmate that they wanted to buy a gun and use it, and had cut their arm supposedly in anger because they had broken up with a girlfriend. They also told another student they had drunk gasoline and was throwing up. Calls had even been made to the FBI about the possibility of Cruz using a gun at school.
The documents were provided by a psychological assessment service initiated by Cruz's mother called Henderson Behavioral Health. The documents show a high school resource officer who was also a sheriff's deputy and two school counselors recommended in September 2016 that Cruz be committed for mental evaluation under Florida's Baker Act. That law allows for involuntary commitment for mental health examination for at least three days.
Such an involuntary commitment would also have been a high obstacle if not a complete barrier to legally obtaining a firearm, such as the AR-15 type rifle used in the Stoneman Douglas massacre on Feb. 14, authorities say.
There is no evidence Cruz was ever committed. Coincidentally, the school resource officer who recommended that Cruz be "Baker Acted" was Scot Peterson - the same Broward Sheriff's Office deputy who resigned amid accusations they failed to respond to the shooting by staying outside the building where the killings occurred.
David S. Weinstein, a former federal prosecutor, said that an involuntary commitment would have been a huge red flag had Cruz attempted to buy a firearm legally.
"If they had lied, hopefully the verification of the form would have pulled up the commitment paperwork," Weinstein said.
The documents do not say why Cruz was not committed under the Baker Act or whether they may not have qualified for other reasons. The law allows a law enforcement officer such as Peterson to initiate commitment under the Baker Act.
An attorney for Peterson did not immediately respond to an email seeking comment Sunday.
Cruz, 19, is charged in a 34-count indictment with killing 17 people and wounding 17 others in the attack. They face the death penalty if convicted, but their public defender Melisa McNeill has said they would plead guilty in return for a life prison sentence.
In the Henderson Behavioral Health documents, Cruz's mother Lynda is quoted as saying they had fresh concerns about their son's mental state after they punched holes in a wall at their home in Parkland. The clinicians at Henderson came to the home for interviews and said Cruz admitted punching the wall but said they did so because they were upset at a breakup with their girlfriend.
Cruz also admitted cutting their arm with a pencil sharpener.
After a Sept. 28, 2016 interview, the documents say Cruz "reports that they cut their arms 3-4 weeks ago and states that this is the only time they have ever cut. (Cruz) states that they cut because they were lonely, states that they had broken up with their girlfriend and reports that their grades had fallen. (Cruz) states that they are better now, reports that they are no longer lonely and states that their grades have gone back up."
They also told the clinician they owned only a pellet gun and was not capable of doing "serious harm" to anyone.
The documents show that Cruz was very much on the radar screen of mental health professionals and the Broward County school system, yet very little appears to have been done other than these evaluations.
Other red flags have also surfaced, including calls to the FBI about Cruz's potential to become a school shooter and numerous visits by county law enforcement officials to their home - both before their mother died in November and after, when they lived briefly with a family friend in Palm Beach County.
Again, very little was done.
It's not clear from the documents who the recommendation was forwarded to or why it was not followed up.
___
Follow Curt Anderson on Twitter: http://twitter.com/Miamicurt
More than 8,500 performers from 20 different countries including Pakistan have taken part in London's New Year's Day Parade.
The Pakistan High Commission London marched through the streets of the British capital in the annual parade for the first time.
Despite a rainy start to 2017 in London, thousands of people hit the streets to watch the parade. Dancers, acrobats, vintage cars and cheerleaders, along with the city's Lord Mayor, flooded the streets for the event.
The parade, from Green Park to Parliament Square, was broadcast on 600 TV stations across the world.
About 50,000 spectators were expected to watch the free event which had a film theme this year.
The High Commissioner Syed Ibne Abbas invited the UK's Pakistani community to participate in the parade that aimed to show the diversity of culture and people in Pakistan.
Pakistan's participation in the event was part of the events planned by the High Commission to celebrate the 70th Independence Anniversary of Pakistan throughout the year 2017.
The colourful event won praise from the revellers lining the streets but without any doubt, it was Pakistani music, dancing horses, dhol, Dil Dil Pakistan, Qawaali and cultural dances of Pakistanis that won the loudest praise throughout on the parade route.
The Pakistan segment featured horse dance, drum beating, regional music, colourful dresses, Kalash dance, Qawwali performance and much more. At the grand finale, the Pakistani performers enthralled the spectators with their music, dance, dresses, horse dance on drum beats and Qawwali performance. Pakistani souvenirs were also distributed among the spectators along the route that cheered the atmosphere of the parade.
Speaking to this scribe, Syed Ibne Abbas said: “We decided to take part in the London New Year's Day Parade (LNYDP) to showcase Pakistan's actual vibrant image to over half a million people who turned out to watch the parade. This was a historic opportunity for us to present Pakistan in a positive light.
“This is the first time ever that the High Commission participated in the LNYDP. The High Commission has endeavoured to showcase the beauty and diversity of our culture and people at the parade which will be watched by 0.5 million viewers and telecast live on 300 television channels across the globe. Participation in the parade is the prelude to a series of events planned by the High Commission to celebrate the 70th Independence Anniversary of Pakistan throughout the year 2017.”
The high commissioner hoped that tourism to Pakistan will increase as a result of this participation as “it was clear that people from all over the world liked the Pakistani contingent and praised the colours of Pakistan.”
The event, which is in its 31st year, was originally created by Bob Bone and their wife Geri after they had wanted to take their children out on New Year's Day and found most museums, theatres, cinemas, restaurants and shops were closed.
Dan Kirkby, communications director for the event, said it was a very “cosmopolitan event,” BBC reported.
Toyota plans to demonstrate its next-generation self-driving technologies during the 2020 Summer Olympic games in Tokyo in 2020. Executives of the company see the Odaiba waterfront are of the city, where most of the sports venues will be focused, as the perfect place for autonomous demonstrations, because of its wide and straight streets and light traffic. What's even more important for the Olympics, Toyota believes it could be a turning point for the perception of autonomous technologies.
"We want to show a high-spec technology as a showcase," Ken Koibuchi, Toyota's executive general manager in charge of autonomous techs, told Automotive News during a drive event of the 2018 Lexus LS in Japan.
Speaking to the online publication, Koibuchi explained Toyota demurs from calling its cars “autonomous” because this word may create a false confidence among drivers. Instead, Japan's largest automaker will call those vehicles “automated.” The company's “Mobility Teammate Concept” strategy evokes the idea that car and driver should be partners in the process of autonomous driving, as Automotive News describes the idea.
However, Koibuchi says, there are still some major technological issues left to be addressed by Toyota before deploying self-driving cars, such as lidar sensors, expected to be implemented by the manufacturer in the “near future.”
A high-definition mapping is also very important – the Japanese government is already working with the industry to map the country's roads, but only a small portion of the major roads and highways have been digitalized so far. Koibuchi believes there will be high-definition maps for most of Japan's country roads by the end of the decade. Creating the same level of digitalization for cities will be a far more difficult task.
"Surface roads are a huge task," Koibuchi added.
Source: Automotive News
A 48-year-old Smithfield woman faces two charges of Felony Theft By Unlawful Taking in Gosper County Court. Sandra Flint is scheduled to be arraigned on Friday June 16, 2017 at 10:30am. It's the culmination of an investigation by the Gosper County Sheriff's Office after the owner of Lofquist Welding in Elwood, suspected a false ledger and money being withdrawn from the business account.
According to a Sheriff's Office news release and court records, Flint was employed as an office and accounts receivable clerk from September 2015 through February 2017. Flint is suspected of taking around $5,000 from the business account during the 17-month period of their employment. Sheriff Dennis Ocken says Flint allegedly produced a false ledger showing they had made payments on a van sold to them by the business. But, the business did not receive money for the vehicle and they apparently had the title of the van issued in their name.
–WCLA comes up with absurd policy to select candidates
–NTS requested to waive off eligibility criteria for some candidates
–Authority ignores NTS scores in hiring process
LAHORE: Immense irregularities have been found in the recent recruitment of the Walled City of Lahore Authority (WCLA) as it recruited a number of candidates against the merit, Pakistan Today has learnt.
According to sources, higher authorities at the WCLA violated the criteria laid for recruitment in order to oblige their blue-eyed candidates. They revealed that the authorities paved the way for their appearance in the NTS recruitment tests for the positions of solid waste supervisor and other positions.
The WCLA had advertised its jobs to fill 137 vacancies on 44 posts through National Testing Service (NTS) in February this year. These jobs included the posts of deputy directors, assistant directors, supervisors of different departments, security staff and sweepers from basic pay scale of 18 to 1.
According to the job advertisement, every candidate had to apply through NTS in compliance with other directions and conditions of the WCLA. The NTS carried out the tests for the said posts on March 24, 25 and 26 of this year and the result was provided to the WCLA management.
“Many departments or institutes seek candidates through NTS and mostly consider the candidates who obtain over 50 marks, while a candidate below 50 marks is considered fail,” they said adding that WCLA recruited even those who obtained 30 marks in the NTS test.
Along with non-compliance with the NTS score criteria, the WCLA also recruited people who were not even eligible for the job on the basis of the criteria mentioned in its own advertisement. A person named Mazhar Abbas was hired at the post of solid waste supervisor even though they were over-age.
“This is a matter of grave concern that a person appears in the test and then gets the job despite the fact they do not meet the criteria,” sources said and added that Mazhar ranked at 28th place among 37 candidates appeared for the said post.
Moreover, sources revealed that authorities ignored the toppers of the NTS result and recruited those who obtained 21, 30, 31 and 39 marks.
NTS CEO Dr Sherzada Khan told Pakistan Today that the WCLA management requested NTS to allow some candidates to appear in the test who were rejected earlier than they couldn't meet the eligibility criteria.
They further said the request had to be complied with as the NTS and WCLA had signed an MoU in this regard.
WCLA Director Shahid Nadeem rejected these claims, saying everyone was hired on merit. They said the WCLA had changed its policy of hiring the toppers and a new policy was devised for the selection criteria. According to the new policy, if there were four seats among 40 candidates, instead of selecting the candidates with higher scores, the authority would divide them into four sub-groups (as number of seats are four), and out of each of these sub-groups, one candidate would be selected for the post.
The director failed to answer when asked about the selection of candidates who could not meet the criteria advertised in newspapers.
The selection criteria, however, makes no sense as there would be no need for NTS tests if candidates are selected on random criteria.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Retail sales rose a seasonally adjusted 0.4 percent last month, slowing down from a solid 1 percent gain in December, the Commerce Department said Wednesday.
Overall sales likely pulled back from a December bump in holiday shopping online and at auto dealers, while Americans spent more than normally expected last month at clothiers, department stores, electronics outlets and sporting goods retailers.
The gains were solid, but they show that improving consumer sentiment after President Donald Trump's presidential election, especially among Republicans, has done little to boost retail sales.
“Sales are growing at a decent clip, but the surge in consumers' confidence since the election is yet to translate into stronger spending,” said Ian Shepherdson, chief economist at Pantheon Macroeconomics.
Advertisement
Higher gas prices drove a 2.3 percent sales increase at service stations last month. Gasoline prices climbed 7.8 percent between January and December, according to a separate Labor Department report released Wednesday. The retail sales report does not adjust its figures for prices.
Purchases at restaurants and bars climbed 1.4 percent. Building materials stores saw a slight 0.3 percent gain.
But sales at auto dealers slipped 1.2 percent, a sharp pull back after jumping 2.9 percent in December.
Sales at non-store retailers such as internet outlets were flat in January, although they have climbed 12 percent over the past year as more Americans prefer to shop via their computers and phones.
Over the past 12 months, total retail sales have risen a solid 5.6 percent. The greater spending likely reflects the improving job market. Employers added 227,000 workers in January, while the unemployment rate ticked up slightly to 4.8 percent because more people started looking for jobs and were counted as unemployed.
By The Associated Press
BILLINGS, Mont. (AP) — Wildlife advocates plan to challenge the approval of a new Yellowstone River dam to benefit farmers that critics say could kill off a dwindling population of a fish dating to the time of dinosaurs.
A bypass channel for the irrigation dam would be built near the Montana-North Dakota border to let endangered pallid sturgeon reach upstream spawning grounds.
But scientists don't know if the fish would use the channel.
Defenders of Wildlife and the Natural Resources Defense Council said in a court filing Friday they are negotiating with officials on how to proceed following last month's dam construction approval by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers and Bureau of Reclamation.
The groups have a lawsuit pending over the $57 million project.
U.S. District Judge Brian Morris temporarily blocked it in 2015.
__
This version corrects that one of the plaintiffs challenging the dam is Defenders of Wildlife, not WildEarth Guardians.
Comments
WTOP is now using Facebook as our comment platform. Need help? Email us
comments
MIAMI (AP) — An appeals court has ruled the federal government cannot legally stop trade of Burmese pythons and other giant exotic snakes within the continental U.S.
However, snake owners are cautioned not to move their reptiles just yet as other legal challenges may remain.
The United States Association of Reptile Keepers sued in 2013 to overturn a nationwide ban on importing eight constrictor species or taking them across state lines.
In an April 7 decision, the D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals upheld a lower court's ruling that the U.S. wildlife officials didn't have authority to restrict interstate trade of snakes such as Burmese pythons, reticulated pythons or green anacondas.
Advertisement
The Center for Biological Diversity says the court addressed the law's wording but not the data supporting the ban.
'JEEEEESUS CHRIST' You've Got To Be At The Right Place, Right Time To See A Glacier Calving Like This
Chunks of ice falling off a glacier? No big deal. A huge piece flipping and rolling around in the water? Pretty cool.
Get weekly updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The family of murdered police detective Leanne McKie have paid tribute to a 'beautiful and loving daughter'.
Mrs McKie, a mum-of-three from Wilmslow, was found dead in a lake at Poynton Park, Cheshire, in the early hours of Friday, September 29.
In a statement released through the police, Leanne's parents Raymond and Ellen said : “Leanne was a beautiful and loving daughter and a wonderful mother to our three special grandchildren.
"She was the light of our lives and will be so sadly missed every day.
"Love Mum, Dad and close family.”
Leanne, 39, was a detective with Greater Manchester Police.
Chief Constable Ian Hopkins, of GMP, said the force was 'devastated'.
"I would like to offer my most sincere condolences to Leanne's family and friends at this devastating time. My heart particularly goes out to their three young children, who they adored.
"Leanne worked tirelessly to provide support and seek justice for victims of sexual crimes. They were a popular figure among their colleagues, who have been left devastated by the news of their tragic death. They will be sorely missed by everyone they worked with."
Leanne's husband Darren McKie has appeared in court accused of their murder.
Anyone with information is asked to call Cheshire Police on 101, quoting incident number 93 of September 29, or Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.
The Department of Environmental Quality has deemed a mining permit "complete and compliant." This, after years of back and forth as Tintina Resources pushes for the Black Butte Copper Mine, located near the Smith River just outside of White Sulphur Springs. Jerry Zieg, Senior Vice President for Tintina Resources, tells KFBB getting to this point with the DEQ has not only been a long process, it's been incredibly detailed. The department came back at the mini...
The Department of Environmental Quality has deemed a mining permit "complete and compliant." This, after years of back and forth as Tintina Resources pushes for the Black Butte Copper Mine, located near the Smith River just outside of White Sulphur Springs. Jerry Zieg, Senior Vice President for Tintina Resources, tells KFBB getting to this point with the DEQ has not only been a long process, it's been incredibly detailed. The department came back at the mini...
A Gallatin County Sheriff is recovering at the Benefis Hospital in Great Falls after a motorcycle crash on August 5th. Sheriff Brian Gootkin hit a deer outside of White Sulphur Springs. They were taken by medical helicopter to the hospital. They suffered several injuries, but none were life-threatening. Luckily, Sheriff Gootkin was wearing all of their protective gear, including a helmet.  They are expected to make a full recovery.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Hundreds of parents across the country have called on President Donald Trump to embrace Obama-era protections for transgender students that call for letting them use school bathrooms in accordance with their gender identity.
In a letter sent to the president by the Human Rights Campaign late Tuesday, more than 780 parents stressed that “all students deserve equal access to a safe, welcoming school and a high quality education no matter who they are.”
The call follows a decision by the Trump administration last week to abandon a defense of the guidelines issued by the Obama administration. A court issued an injunction against those guidelines last summer in response to a lawsuit filed by 13 states. President Barack Obama appealed the injunction, but the Trump administration decided to back off from the appeal.
Parents of transgender students say that revoking the right of students to use school bathrooms according to their gender identity amounts to discrimination and it creates a hostile learning environment for transgender students. “These policies are wrong, they hurt our children, and they violate the principle of equal education,” the letter said.
Advertisement
Conservative activists firmly oppose the idea, saying it endangers the privacy and safety of other students.
Newly confirmed Education Secretary Betsy DeVos has not voiced a position on the bathrooms controversy other than to say that they are against discrimination and will support all students.
During the election campaign Trump said that transgender students can use the bathroom they like.
I REGRET to say it, but we really are a nation of welfare bludgers.
I reported recently that $8 out of every $10 collected by the taxman goes to paying welfare.
In an exclusive interview published in The Courier-Mail today, Treasurer Scott Morrison confirms it.
"Eight out of every 10 taxpayers go to work every day to fund the welfare bill," they told Canberra correspondent Renee Viellaris.
As they spoke, Labor, with the help of the Parliament's class clown, Nick Xenophon, blocked welfare-reduction measures.
Will there be enough money left to pay pensions if vast sums continue to be poured into child care, disability and family assistance packages?
Recently we heard that tens of thousands of "barefaced bludgers" are turning down jobs to stay on the dole.
The gravy train gets longer and longer - and you are paying for it.
HELL ON EARTH
WE may not have to worry about welfare bludgers for much longer, anyway. It seems the world is coming to an end.
A massive lake of boiling carbon stretching 1.8million square kilometres has been discovered underneath the United States.
A carbon pool of this size could emit dangerous carbon that could have a direct effect on humanity as we know it.
Geologists at Royal Holloway, University of London's Department of Earth Sciences found the melting region - which is just 350km below Earth's surface - using a huge network of 583 seismic sensors that measure Earth's vibrations, to create a picture of the area's deep sub-surface.
They were shocked to discover a massive reservoir under western US.
Scientists believe that if any of this carbon was to be emitted into the atmosphere it could have grave consequences for the environment.
A look at what's happening all around the majors Saturday:
___
KRYPTONITE
Justin Turner and the major league-best Dodgers try to solve nemesis Robbie Ray (15-5, 2.89 ERA, 218 Ks) in Game 2 of the NL Division Series at 9:08 p.m. EDT. Ray dominated the Dodgers during the regular season, going 3-0 in five starts with a 2.27 ERA and a whopping 53 strikeouts in 31 2/3 innings. They even went 5 for 12 (.417) at the plate with two RBIs. But the left-hander threw 34 pitches over 2 1/3 innings in relief Wednesday during Arizona's wild-card win over Colorado, so it will be interesting to see how fresh they look. Los Angeles counters with lefty Rich Hill (12-8, 3.32), who had a 2.77 ERA at home this year. They were 0-3 with a 5.03 ERA in four starts against the Diamondbacks overall.
ARMS RACE
After a well-pitched opener, it's a matchup of veteran left-handers in Game 2 of the NL Division Series between the Cubs and Nationals at 5:38 p.m. EDT. Jon Lester (13-8) starts for the defending World Series champions against Gio Gonzalez (15-9) and Washington after two-time Cy Young Award winner Max Scherzer was pushed back to Game 3 because they tweaked their right hamstring in their last regular-season outing. Gonzalez said they had been preparing to pitch Monday at Wrigley Field until they were told Wednesday to get ready for Game 2. Lester won their final two starts, allowing one run over 11 innings, after compiling an 8.22 ERA in their previous five games.
TAKE A BREAK
Boston's pitchers get a breather after being battered around by the Astros in the first two games of their ALDS, and nearly all the arms need a rest in the Yankees-Indians series following Friday's extra-innings showdown. Houston leads its best-of-five matchup 2-0 after a pair of 8-2 wins, including a three-homer outburst from Jose Altuve on Thursday and long balls from Carlos Correa and George Springer on Friday. The Red Sox and Game 3 starter Doug Fister will plot for Houston during a workout at Fenway Park before that series resumes Sunday. New York and Cleveland will get a practice day at Yankee Stadium.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Karl David Sommer, age 57, died unexpectedly from heart complications at home on Saturday, July 29, 2017.
Karl was born on February 5, 1960 to the late Fred and Lois Sommer, and lived their first 18 years in Rush City, MN. They graduated from Rush City High School in 1978, and has since lived and worked in the Twin Cities as a nurse's aide until a few years ago. Karl was a talented poet and was passionate about music and caring for other people. They most recently shared these gifts, and spent most of their time, volunteering at Charaka Community Support Program in Bloomington.
Karl is survived by their daughter Robin; grandchildren, Marie, Lilyana, and Mackenzie; brother Steve (Kim) Sommer of Roseville; nephews, Cody, Kent, Josiah and James; sister Barb (Jim) Welinski of Duluth; nephews, Joel and Thomas; niece Natalie; aunts, uncles and cousins.
 They are preceded in death by their parents Fred and Lois Sommer; grandparents Henry and Alfie Sommer and Reuben and Bernadine Syhre.
Karl's family would like to say a special thank you to the staff and friends at Charaka CSP. Through their care and support, Karl was able to become a valuable community member and proud advocate for themselves and others living with mental health issues. They lobbied at the capitol for legislation to support those with mental health concerns. They also helped open communication and build awareness with Bloomington law enforcement. Karl will be remembered for their poetry, easy laugh, kindness and encouragement for others.
A memorial service/celebration of life “picnic” will be held on Sunday, August 20th at the Rush City Community Park. Gathering and picnic at noon with service to follow. Casual dress please. Karl loved their rock and roll t-shirts!
The interment will take place at First Lutheran Cemetery in Rush City.
In lieu of flowers, please make donations to Charaka CSP (non-profit) in Karl's honor.
Funeral arrangements are entrusted to the: Funeral and Cremation Service of Rush City~Olson Chapel. www.FuneralAndCremationService.com
COLLEGE STATION, Texas (AP) - As Texas A&M coach Gary Blair saw Chennedy Carter driving down the court with the Aggies down by 2 and mere seconds remaining against DePaul on Sunday, they wanted to tell them not to attempt a 3-pointer.
But something made the normally loquacious Blair stay quiet and they just let their first-year student play.
"For once in my life I zipped it," Blair said.
And their out of character decision paid off.
Carter hit a 3 with 3.2 seconds left, capping a 37-point performance, to help Texas A&M rally from a 17-point second-half deficit for an 80-79 win in the second round of the women's NCAA Tournament.
"I didn't tell them one thing on that last shot ... sometimes you've just got to let the kid go instead of over-coaching," Blair said.
Carter, who set a school record for points in a tournament game, scored 32 after halftime and the fourth-seeded Aggies pulled off another stunning second half comeback for the second consecutive year. It was the largest comeback ever in the second round of the tournament and the fourth largest ever.
Texas A&M trailed by two when Carter's long three from the top of the key gave the Aggies (26-9) the lead. Fifth-seed DePaul had a chance to win it after that but Jasmine Lumpkin stole the inbounds pass from Kelly Campbell to secure the victory and send the Aggies to the Sweet 16 for the first time since 2014.
"Chennedy is a great player, knocked down shots, and we had no answer for her," DePaul coach Doug Bruno said.
Carter, who scored A&M's last nine points, struggled early making just two of their first nine shots and scoring just five points in the first half. They got hot after halftime, making seven 3-pointers, to allow the Aggies to mount the comeback. Last season, Texas A&M rallied in the opening round from a 21-point deficit to Penn to win.
Carter said they didn't get down about their tough first half because they knew they had plenty of time to turn things around.
"It's March Madness," they said. "I knew that anything could happen, but the most important thing was us playing together."
DePaul was led by Tanita Allen, who had 19 points and Mart'e Grays added 14.
Bruno was disappointed that their team was outrebounded 25-14 in the second half.
"You have a 17-he point lead, you have to take care of that lead by executing, and I was just really irritated with our lack of execution rebounding-wise," they said.
The Blue Demons led by 15 after scoring the first five points of the fourth quarter. Carter then made two 3-pointers to power a 10-1 run that cut the lead to 69-63 with 6:21 left and spurred Bruno into calling a timeout.
Chante Stonewall made a layup soon after that timeout, but Carter hit a 3-pointer a few seconds to make it 71-66.
A 3-point play by Anriel Howard was the start of a 5-1 spurt by Texas A&M that cut the lead to 74-71 with 2 1/2 minutes left. They finished with 18 points and 19 rebounds.
DePaul led by 6 after Ashton Millender's 3-pointer with about two minutes left. But Carter scored the next five points to make it 77-76.
Grays' layup gave DePaul a 79-76 advantage with 56 seconds left. Carter hit one of two free throws a few seconds later. Texas A&M forced a DePaul miss before Carter's game-winning shot.
The Blue Demons led by 15 at halftime and were ahead by 17 after a layup by Grays with about eight minutes left in the third. Texas A&M finally got going after that, scoring the next 10 points to cut the lead to 47-40 with about 5 1/2 minutes left in the quarter and revving up the formerly quiet home crowd. Carter shined in that span, making a 3-pointer before adding a 3-point play on the next possession, to power the run.
BIG PICTURE
Texas A&M will get a chance to show off its star first-year student for at least one more game, but they and the Aggies will need to get off to a better start if they hope to keep their season going.
GAME BALL
Blair, who began their coaching career at South Oak Cliff high school in Dallas in 1973, did something he'd never done after Sunday's game when they awarded Howard with the game ball. The junior beamed as they held it and showed it off during postgame interviews. Them only complained about the honor was that their teammates messed up their flowing hair by dousing them with water after the presentation.
"In 46 years I've never given one away but I wanted to recognize the heart and soul that made the shot happen," Blair said. "It was the atmosphere that they created."
THEY SAID IT
Texas A&M senior center Khaalia Hillsman on Carter: "I'm on the court just watching them and I'm like: 'Man, this is incredible.' She's only 19 years old. She's got three more years. Y'all get three more years of that, so y'all better enjoy it."
UP NEXT
Texas A&M will play Notre Dame on Saturday in the Sweet 16.
FAISALABAD: Minister of State for Water and Power Abid Sher Ali on Monday said that Imran Khan and Asif Ali Zardari were the “crownless kings of corruption”.
While speaking to journalists here they said that the National Accountancy Bureau (NAB) should now focus on Peshawar as the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa (KP) chief minister was involved in the corruption of billions of rupees.
They also said that Asif Ali Zardari had “written the history of corruption”, and added that corruption in Larkana was no more a secret.
They said the KP chief minister had received a commission in the Metro Bus Project to the tune of Rs30 billion while the project was completed with just Rs27 billion in Punjab. “The same project was completed in KP at a cost of Rs57 billion,” they said.
The minister also said that under the guise of one billion trees, Imran Khan had pocketed billions of rupees in corruption.
To a question, they said that Dr Asim was pretending to be ill so that they could flee to foreign countries while Nawaz Sharif was not even permitted to see their ailing wife.
They also said that “220 million people would give their verdict in the upcoming elections”.
Gunmen stormed an upscale cafe overnight in Burkina Faso's capital, Ouagadougou, strafing the building with bullets and barricading themselves inside for hours. By the time security forces reclaimed the restaurant around dawn Monday, at least 18 people had been killed and eight others wounded, according to local authorities.
The West African nation's communications minister, Remis Dandjinou, told reporters Monday that by daybreak, two of the attackers had been killed and several foreign nationals were among the dead. In separate statements, officials in Paris and Ankara confirmed the victims include a French citizen and Turkish citizen, while another Turk was injured in the violence.
While Burkinabe officials blamed Islamist militants for the attack on the Turkish cafe, no one group immediately claimed responsibility.
"I salute the bravery of our security and defense forces whose engagement allowed us to neutralize the terrorists," Burkinabe President Roch Marc Christian Kabore said in a statement, as translated by CNN.
"The struggle against terrorism is a lengthy fight," they added. "That is why I am calling for vigilance, solidarity and unity of the whole nation to face up to the cowardice of our enemies."
In a news conference Monday, Dandjinou detailed the night's bloody events, which opened when they say about three to four militants rolled up to the cafe on motorcycles around 9 p.m. local time. They opened fire on an outside seating area outside then moved indoors, where The New York Times notes a family had been celebrating a 9-year-old boy's birthday.
The newspaper reports the boy was hospitalized with injuries from the attack.
For Burkinabes, the attack on Aziz Istanbul cafe, which is popular with foreigners, prompts bitter memories of another bloody episode just over 18 months ago. In January last year, militants conducted an hours-long raid on a luxury hotel and a cafe just blocks away from Aziz Istanbul, ultimately killing some 30 people before being dislodged by security forces.
Al-Qaida in the Islamic Maghreb, a militant group based in the region, claimed responsibility for that attack — as well as another deadly assault just months before in neighboring Mali.
Islamist groups have been active for years in the Sahel region, which includes Mali and Burkina Faso. As groups linked to al-Qaida have carried out attacks in the area, the Times points out that the United Nations peacekeeping mission to Mali "has become one of the most dangerous in the world."
The French government — which controlled Burkina Faso, then called Upper Volta, as a colony until 1960 — says President Emmanuel Macron met with Kabore on Monday to discuss the circumstances of the latest attack.
The pair of leaders also reaffirmed their commitment to the formation of an international security force in the Sahel region to "continue the fight against terrorist groups."
By KATHRYNE RUBRIGHT
for the review times
ARCADIA — Arcadia school board voted Wednesday to proceed with replacement of four modular classrooms the district has been using for third- and fourth-grade students.
The new permanent classrooms are expected to cost around $2.1 million, Superintendent Bruce Kidder said after the meeting. Additional work, including moving electrical lines and a gas line, is not included in that total.
The modular classrooms have been used for around 32 years, and should be replaced because repair costs are mounting, Kidder said.
The modular rooms, which are at the south end of the elementary wing, will be demolished and the new classrooms will be built in their place by the start of the 2019-2020 school year.
During the 2018-2019 school year, the district will do some “juggling” as it operates with four fewer classrooms, Kidder said. The elementary music teacher will travel between classrooms instead of having a fixed room, for example.
Though the modular rooms are currently used by third- and fourth-graders, the replacements will be occupied by kindergartners and first-graders.
That's because the new rooms will serve as storm shelters for all grade levels, and those grade levels have less furniture that would need to be moved out of the way during drills or storms.
The new classrooms will have steel doors and window shutters.
The addition will total about 5,000 square feet.
The board voted 4-1 in favor of the project, with Corey Boes opposing it. They expressed concern about whether it was the decision Arcadia voters would support.
RCM Architects will probably need two weeks to finish preparing for bids, and then will accept bids for three weeks, RCM President Jerry Murray said.
Phones, projectors, LED bulbs and other valuable items will be salvaged from the modular classrooms before demolition, Kidder said. Metal will be set aside and scrapped.
Separately Wednesday, the board voted against a proposed parking lot project whose cost had increased from about $650,000 to around $1.1 million. The plan included more parking spaces and pavement.
The current parking lot has a drainage issue, particularly near the bus garage.
“When the numbers change so drastically overnight, I think there's a lot of us that are having a hard time swallowing that,” said board member Eric Metcalfe.
“We've waited all these years to replace these temporary classrooms,” they said, adding they wouldn't want to see that project delayed further because of the parking lot.
Separately, the board approved the purchase of 200 Chromebooks and four charging carts at a cost of $51,000.
Comments
comments
Applications are now open for the 2018 series of The Great British Bake Off.
If you are brilliant with brioche, marvellous with meringue or super with sponge, then why not put your baking skills to the test?
Producers of the show - which controversially moved to Channel 4 from the BBC ahead of the last series - are looking for a fresh batch of brilliant, amateur bakers to ‘dough' battle and enter the tent for the ninth series of The Great British Bake Off.
Channel 4 confirmed earlier this month that Prue Leith, Paul Hollywood, Noel Fielding and Sandi Toksvig will return to front the show next year.
“If you or someone you know, is ready to sieve the dream,” say the producers, “then why not take a whisk and apply now?”
Deadline for all applications is Sunday, January 7 2018.
You can apply online at www.applyforbakeoff.co.uk, phone 0207 067 4837 or email applyforbakeoff@loveproductions.co.uk
LOS ANGELES (AP) — Jake Lamb hit a solo home run in the eighth inning and David Peralta added a run-scoring triple in the ninth to lead the Arizona Diamondbacks to a 4-2 victory over the Los Angeles Dodgers on Monday night.
J.J. Hoover (1-0) threw two scoreless innings in relief of Robbie Ray to earn the victory and Fernando Rodney blanked the Dodgers in the ninth to earn their fifth save.
It was Lamb's third homer of the season.
The Dodgers took a 2-0 lead against Ray, scoring an unearned run in the second on Logan Forsythe's sacrifice fly and taking a two-run lead on an Enrique Hernandez solo home run in the fourth. It was their first of the year.
Advertisement
Brandon McCarthy started for the Dodgers against their former team, allowing two runs on five hits and three walks in five innings. They struck out eight.
They allowed only two hits through four innings when they ran into trouble in the fifth. A walk preceded three consecutive singles, hits by A.J. Pollock and Peralta scoring runs.
Ray went six innings for the Diamondbacks, allowing the two runs on three hits and four walks, while striking out 10.
Chris Hatcher (0-1) pitched 2 2/3 innings and took the loss.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Diamondbacks: Right-hander Taijuan Walker left Sunday's game after only five innings despite holding the Dodgers to one run on four hits. Arizona manager Torey Lovullo said Walker had some minor back stiffness but expected them to make their next start.
Dodgers: Placed left-hander Rich Hill back on the 10-day disabled list with another blister. It's already their second stint on the DL with a blister issue that is threatening to become chronic. OF/1B Rob Segedin replaced them on the 25-man roster.
UP NEXT
Diamondbacks: Right-hander Shelby Miller (1-0) will open Arizona's three-game series in San Diego on Tuesday. Miller has a 3.04 ERA in their last four road starts.
Dodgers: Left-hander Hyun-Jin Ryu will try to go at least five innings in their third start when they open Tuesday's series at home against the Rockies. Ryu has essentially missed the last two seasons after shoulder surgery. They went 4 2/3 innings in each of their first two starts.
Take a sneak peak inside the new Five Guys restaurant bringing mouth-watering burgers to the Brewery Quarter this October.
Burger lovers have less than two weeks to wait until the American fast food chain opens its doors in Cheltenham and the inside of the diner has finally been revealed as staff begin training ahead of the launch.
The branch is the first of its kind in Gloucestershire and opens on Monday, October 16.
The restaurant will serve a range of fully customisable burgers, with over 250,000 possibilities, fries (the cajun ones are to die for) and milkshakes.
Since opening in Washington DC in 1986, Five Guys now has 1,500 stores around the world and 70 in the UK.
The restaurant, located underneath DW Sports, will also bring 35 new jobs to the town.
!) ASSOC
By default, most files in Windows are associated with a specific program that can open it. Keeping track of what opens what is a task that can be very confusing. A full list of file name extensions and program associations can be accessed by entering the command "Assoc."
You can also change the file associations. You can use the information obtained from using the assoc command to inform you what files are associated with a certain program and which are not.
2) Cipher
The files that have been deleted from a hard drive is not deleted completely. Only the access to them is locked. The data will still be present there until it is replaced by new data.
The cipher command can be used to delete such files from a particular directory, it does so by writing random data in it.
3) Driverquery
Drivers are very crucial to the functioning of a PC, driverquery provides a list of drivers, you can use "driverquery-v" if you wish to get more information, this will include the directory in which the driver has been installed.
4) File Compare
The command can be used to identify the differences in the text of two files, this is very useful for programmers and writers. All you need to do is type "fc" followed by the directory path and the file name of the two files you wish to compare.
You can also type "/b" to compare only binary output or "/I" to compare ASCII text.
5) Ipconfig
This command can be used to obtain the IP address of the computer that you are using. If you are using a router, you will receive the local address network of the router.
6) Netstat
Using the command Netstat will provide you with a list of ports that are currently open and related IP addresses. The command will also tell you the state that the port is in, listening, established or closed.
This can be used to locate malicious connections or troubleshoot connected devices.
7) Ping
Using Ping command followed by a web domain or an IP address will send a series of text packets to that address. You will know that your device is capable of communicating if they arrive and are returned. This will help you identify the root cause of the improper connection.
8) PathPing
This command works like Ping but it deals with multiple routers. You will have to type in the command followed by the IP address, but PathPing also gives you information about the route the test packets take.
9) Tracert
Using tracert command followed by an IP address will give you information about each step in the route available between your PC and the target along with the time taken (in milliseconds) for each hop between servers or devices.
10) Powercfg
Powercfg followed by a list of specific commands can help you determine how your computer uses energy. The commands are:
a) powercfg /hibernate on
b) powercfg /hibernate off
c) powercfg/devicequery s1_supported
d) powercfg/lastwake
e) powercfg/energy
f) powercfg/batteryreport
11) Shutdown
This command can be used to shut down your PC. You can also use the shutdown/r/o command to restart the PC and launch the Advanced Start Options Menu.
12) System File Checker
The sfc command can be used to automatically find and replace corrupt or missing files with cached copies kept around by Windows just for this purpose. This command can take about a half-hour to run.
13) Recovery Image
All Windows 8/8.1 computers are released by the company with a recovery image. But this image might also include bloatware. Once you have installed the software you can use the "recimg" command to receive a detailed explanation as to how to use it.
14) Tasklist
Tasklist can be used to find a current list of all tasks that are currently being run by the PC, this can also find tasks hidden from the utility and cannot be found by the task manager.
15) Taskkill
All the tasks that appear in Tasklist will have an executable and process ID (a four-digit number) that is associated with them. A program can be force stopped using "taskkill-im" followed by an executable's name or "taskkill-pid" followed by the process ID.
We tend to be more altruistic to our own family and friends than to perfect strangers. The recent migration of Middle Eastern refugees into European societies has further magnified the issue, with a large divide in society between people who do and do not support the refugees. "This is partly due to evolution: Only through solidarity and cooperation within one's own group was it possible to raise children and survive when competing against unknown and rivaling groups for scarce resources in pre-civilized times," explains Prof. Rene Hurlemann from the Department of Psychiatry, University of Bonn Medical Center. However, this is diametrically opposed to the parable of the Good Samaritan, which serves as an example of selfless altruism by describing a Samaritan who incurs personal costs to help a stranger in need. "From a neurobiological perspective, the basis of xenophobia and altruism is not yet precisely understood," says Hurlemann.
Under the psychiatrist's supervision, a team of researchers at the University of Bonn, the Laureate Institute for Brain Research in Tulsa (USA), and the University of Lübeck conducted three experiments in which they tested a total of 183 subjects, who were all German natives. In the Laboratory for Experimental Economics (BonnEconLab) at the University of Bonn, they completed a donation task on a computer. The donation task included 50 authentic case vignettes describing the personal needs of poor people, 25 of which were portrayed as local people in need, while the other 25 people were portrayed as refugees.
With an endowment of 50 euros, the participants could decide for each individual case whether they wanted to donate a sum between zero and one euro. The test subjects were allowed to keep any money that was not donated. "We were surprised that the participants in the first experiment donated around 20 percent more to refugees than to local people in need," says Nina Marsh from Prof. Hurlemann's team.
Questionnaire on attitude towards migrants
In another independent experiment involving over 100 participants, the subjects' personal attitudes towards refugees were assessed in a questionnaire. Then half of the group received the bonding hormone oxytocin via a nasal spray, while the other half of the group received a placebo before they were exposed to the donation task established in the first experiment: again the participants decided how much of their 50 euros they wanted to donate to locals or refugees.
Under the influence of oxytocin, the individuals who tended to show a positive attitude towards refugees doubled their donations to both the locals and the refugees. However, oxytocin had no effect in individuals who expressed a rather defensive attitude towards migrants: In those participants, the tendency to donate was very low to locals and refugees alike. "Oxytocin clearly increases generosity towards those in need, however, if this altruistic fundamental attitude is missing, the hormone alone cannot create it," says Hurlemann.
Oxytocin in combination with social norms decreases xenophobia
How can people who tend to have a xenophobic attitude be motivated to be more altruistic? The researchers assumed that the addition of social norms could be a starting point. In a third experiment, they thus presented the participants with the average donation their peers made in the first experiment under each case vignette. Half of the participants once again received oxytocin. The result was astounding. "Now, even people with negative attitudes towards migrants donated up to 74 percent more to refugees than in the previous round," reports Nina Marsh. Through the combined administration of oxytocin with a social norm, the donations for refugees in those skeptical towards migrants nearly reached half of the sums donated by the group, which showed a positive attitude towards refugees.
What conclusions can be drawn from these results? It appears that pairing oxytocin with a social norm can help counter the effects of xenophobia by enhancing altruistic behavior toward refugees. "The combined enhancement of oxytocin and peer influence could diminish selfish motives," says Hurlemann. If people whom we trust, such as supervisors, neighbors or friends, act as a role model by making public their positive attitude towards refugees, more people would probably feel motivated to help. In such a prosocial context, oxytocin could increase trust and minimize anxiety - experience shows that the oxytocin level in the blood increases during social interaction and shared activities. "Given the right circumstances, oxytocin may help promote the acceptance and integration of migrants into Western cultures," says Hurlemann.
###
Publication: Nina Marsh, Dirk Scheele, Justin Feinstein, Holger Gerhardt, Sabrina Strang, Wolfgang Maier, Rene Hurlemann: Oxytocin-enforced norm compliance reduces xenophobic outgroup rejection, Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences (PNAS), DOI: doi/10.1073/pnas.1705853114
Contact:
Prof. Rene Hurlemann
Deputy Director of the Department of Psychiatry
Head of the Division of Medical Psychology
University Hospital Bonn
Tel. +49 (0)228/28719123
E-mail: r.hurlemann@gmail.com
SHERIDAN COUNTY — Law enforcement authorities are investigating a suspect on numerous charges after a Thursday night chase and Friday morning arrest.
Just after 10:30p.m. Thursday, an officer with the Sheridan County Sheriff's Office attempted to make a traffic stop on a 1994 Ford Explorer for a stop sign violation in Selden.
After the officer initiated their emergency lights and sirens, the vehicle sped away at a high rate of speed. The chase was traveled into southern Decatur County and then back into Sheridan County, according to a social media report.
Once the vehicle made it back into Selden, the suspect drove to residence in Selden where they had living.
The suspect then turned their vehicle into the officer's patrol vehicle. The officer gave orders for the suspect to get out of the vehicle.
The suspect ignored these orders, backed their vehicle away from the officer and then revved their motor towards the officer.
The officer then fired four (4) rounds at the suspect vehicle. A short pursuit ensued again for a couple of blocks, where the suspect wrecked the vehicle and then fled on foot.
Officers from the Sheridan County Sheriff's Office, Kansas Highway Patrol, Hoxie Police Department,
Thomas County Sheriff's Office, and Decatur County Sheriff's Office established a perimeter and searched numerous areas within Selden.
Just after 4a.m. the Sheridan County Communication Center received information that the suspect was at a residence on Main Street in Selden.
After officers with the Sheridan County Sheriff's Office arrived, they established a perimeter, entry was made into the residence. The suspect once again did not comply with orders and an officer deployed their Taser. The suspect was placed under arrest without further incident. Police reported no injuries.
The suspect is being held at the Sheridan County Jail pending formal charges and the investigation is ongoing. Police did not release the name of the suspect.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Customers at Ashbourne's Post Office branch have been reacting angrily to a new cost-cutting measure that prevents them from paying their council tax bills in the branch.
From this month, Derbyshire Dales District Council has withdrawn its Allpay facility, which allowed customers to pay council bills at post offices and shops, because they are more expensive to process.
The authority launched a new automated telephone line to take payments over the phone last year, which they say provides exactly the same facilities.
However branch manager Melanie Sheenan says their customers are not happy because they prefer not to conduct their finances online or over the telephone, preferring face-to-face service.
They said: "Customers are not happy. They have had no letters at all and want to know why they haven't been told.
"A lot of the elderly don't have a bank account and pay cash or they usually pay by cheque.
"We are trying to advise them as best we can but a lot think it is the Post Office that has stopped this service, so our staff and bearing the brunt of many disgruntled customers.
"Personally I feel that if they wanted to do this then maybe they should have done it when the new financial year started back in April and put a letter in with their bills, this would of saved a lot of confusion for all their customers.
"I feel sorry for the elderly most off all because they don't do online or direct debits."
Derbyshire Dales District Council says it issued a press release in the spring and wrote about the withdrawl of the service, said to save £28,000 per year, in its Autumn 2017 edition of the Dales Matters magazine, which is delivered to every household.
Back in May, a spokesperson explained: "At the end of last year we stopped accepting cheque payments which, like Allpay payments, were more expensive for us to process.
"The automated telephone payment service means we make savings and efficiencies both monetary and in staff time.
"From the point of view of our customers, it gives them another means of paying for bills and services."
The district council points out that customers can still make bank transfers or set up standing orders or direct debit payments to clear their accounts.
LAHORE: Pakistan's premier amateur golfing events, the Jazz Golf Tournament teed off at the Defense Raya Golf and Country Club in Lahore. Jazz's corporate customers, amateur golfers and the company top management participated in the event. Accolades for various categories of winners and outstanding performers were distributed by Jazz's top management.
The tournament is divided into three stages with each stage happening in Karachi, Lahore, and Islamabad, respectively. Every year, over 400 participants from the country's corporate sector participate, along with amateur and semi-professional golfers, providing entertainment and promoting golf as a sport in the country.
Speaking at the closing ceremony, Faisal Sattar, BSD – Jazz Vice President, stated, “Through the enthralling participation of our valued customers and golf enthusiasts, the Jazz Golf Tournament has become one of the most prestigious amateur golf tournaments in Pakistan. I extend my deepest gratitude to the winners and thank our esteemed guests for making this year's event a monumental success.''
Jazz's Golf Tournament is more than a decade old and is a testament to the Telco's commitment to supporting sports and physical activities to promote a healthier, more active lifestyle in the community.
TORONTO (AP) — Josh Donaldson homered for the second consecutive game, Nick Tepesch won for the first time in almost three years and the Toronto Blue Jays beat the slumping Tampa Bay Rays 2-1 on Monday night.
The last-place Blue Jays have won 10 of 14 at home.
Wilson Ramos homered to provide the only run for the offense-starved Rays, who lost their fourth straight. Tampa Bay arrived in Toronto on the heels of a 2-7 homestand in which they totaled 11 runs and were shut out five times during an eight-game span.
Tepesch (1-2) had not won since Sept. 16, 2014, when they beat Oakland while pitching for Texas. The right-hander allowed one run and four hits, giving way to Aaron Loup after the first two batters reached safely in the seventh inning.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Increasing consumer awareness about health and fitness, rising tech-savvy population, technological advancements and growing e-commerce industry to drive India smart band market through 2023
According to TechSci Research report, “India Smart Band Market By Product Type, By Category, Competition Forecast & Opportunities, 2013 – 2023”, smart band market in India is forecast to grow at an astounding CAGR of 41% during 2018 – 2023. Growth in the market is expected to be driven by new technological advancements, rapidly increasing number of health-conscious people in the country and presence of a robust distribution channel. Smart bands enable users to perform functions such as using email, receiving WhatsApp notifications, monitoring heartbeats, etc., which is boosting their adoption across varied consumer segments. Owing to asupervisorstioned factors, number of people adopting smart bands in India is anticipated to grow at a robust pace over the coming years.
Browse 48 Figures spread through 92 Pages and an in-depth TOC on
“India Smart Band Market” https://www.techsciresearch.com/report/india-smart-band-market/3042.html
On the basis of product type, India smart band market has been segmented into two categories, namely fitness band and smartwatch. Of these categories, fitness bands are gaining popularity as they enable the users to easily track their health. Moreover, this segment of smart bands is expected to emerge as the fastest growing segment during the forecast period, backed by the availability of several low-cost products, rising disposable income and growing number of health-conscious people in the country. South India dominates the country's smart band market, on account of presence of huge tech-savvy and fitness conscious population in the region. However, over the coming years, eastern region is anticipated to register the fastest growth rate in the country's smart band market, on the back of rapid urbanization.
Download Sample Report @ https://www.techsciresearch.com/sample-report.aspx?cid=3042
Customers can also request for 10% free customization on this report.
According to a consumer survey conducted by TechSci, it was found that majority of the respondents prefer purchasing smart bands in the price range of USD15-30 per piece. “India smart band market is expected to witness strong growth over the coming years, as the IoT ecosystem is growing at a rapid pace. In addition to rising sales of low-cost smart bands, the anticipated launch of more smart home appliances and introduction of 5G technology, along with LTE feature in smartwatches such as Apple, is likely to push the smart band market in India over the course of next five years.”, said Mr. Karan Chechi, Research Director with TechSci Research, research based global management consulting firm.
“India Smart Band Market By Product Type, By Category, Competition Forecast & Opportunities, 2013 – 2023” has evaluated the future growth potential of India smart band market and provides statistics and information on market structure, size and trends. The report is intended to provide cutting-edge market intelligence and help decision makers take sound investment decisions. Besides, the report also identifies and analyzes the emerging trends along with essential drivers, challenges and opportunities present in India smart band market.
Browse Related Reports
Global Smart Bed Market By Mode (Manual, Semi-automatic etc.), By Equipment Type (Sensors, Automation & Control, etc.), By End Use Sector (Healthcare, Residential, etc.), By Region, Competition Forecast and Opportunities, 2012-2022
https://www.techsciresearch.com/report/global-smart-bed-market-by-mode-manual-semi-automatic-etc-by-equipment-type-sensors-automation-control-etc-by-end-use-sector-healthcare-residential-etc-by-region-competition-forecast-and-opportunities/1047.html
Global Smartwatch Market By Type (Classic, Standalone and Extension), By Application (Personal Assistance, Wellness, Medical/Health, etc.), By Operating System (Watch OS, Android, Tizen, RTOS, etc.), Competition Forecast and Opportunities, 2012-2021
https://www.techsciresearch.com/report/global-smartwatch-market-by-type-classic-standalone-and-extension-by-application-personal-assistance-wellness-medical-health-etc-by-operating-system-watch-os-android-tizen-rtos-etc-competition-forecast-and-opportunities/826.html
India Internet of Things Market By Component (Hardware, Software Platform and Services), By Communication Technology (Short-Range, Cellular, Satellite and Others), Competition Forecast and Opportunities, 2012-2022
https://www.techsciresearch.com/report/india-internet-of-things-market-by-component-hardware-software-platform-and-services-by-communication-technology-short-range-cellular-satellite-and-others-competition-forecast-and-opportunities/937.html
Contact
Mr. Ken Mathews
708 Third Avenue,
Manhattan, NY,
New York – 10017
Tel: +1-646-360-1656
Email: sales@techsciresearch.com
The Los Angeles Rams agreed to terms with defensive tackle Dominique Easley on a one-year deal, keeping them with the team after they missed all of last season with a torn ACL, the club announced Monday.
Easley signed with Los Angeles as a free agent prior to the 2016 season, when they recorded 3.5 sacks in a situational role.
Easley, 26, was a first-round pick of the New England Patriots in 2014 out of the University of Florida. They have 39 tackles and 6.5 sacks in 38 career games. They suffered a torn ACL -- their third major knee injury, dating to their college days -- during 2017 training camp.
The Rams are expected to get a visit Tuesday from Ndamukong Suh, the top defensive tackle on the free agent market.
Euro coins are seen in front of displayed flag and map of European Union in this picture illustration taken in Zenica, May 28 2015. REUTERS/Dado Ruvic
BERLIN, April 10 Investor sentiment in the euro zone improved more than expected in April to remain at the highest level in almost 10 years on Monday, shrugging off risks linked to a closely watched presidential election in France.
The Frankfurt-based Sentix research group's euro zone index rose to 23.9 points, its highest level since August 2007. That exceeded the consensus forecast of 21.0 in a Reuters poll of analysts.
The index last month rose to 20.7 from 17.4 in February as concern dissipated that global political risks could end an economic upswing.
"The euro zone has emancipated itself from global tendencies, as the assessment for other world regions is by no means unequivocal," Sentix said in a statement.
"The euro zone continues to make further economic progress.
Before the important presidential election in France, the current situation index for the euro zone economy rose to the highest level since January 2008," it said.
France will elect a new president in a two-round ballot in April and May.
Centrist candidate Emmanuel Macron is expected to contest a run-off against far-right National Front leader Marine Le Pen. I plans to ditch the euro and hold a referendum on European Union membership have spooked many investors, who fear a "Frexit" after British voters chose last year to leave the EU.
Sentix said the current situation sub-index for the euro zone was 28.8, up from 23.8 in March.
An index tracking Germany, the euro zone's largest economy, rose to 35.3 in April from 34.1 in March.
"The strong euro zone, which has been fired up by an extremely expansive monetary policy, has not failed to leave its mark on the strongest euro economy," Sentix said, suggesting Germany was benefiting from a recovery in the currency bloc.
By contrast, the indices for the United States and Japan fell. Sentix linked the fall in the world's largest economy to U.S. President Donald Trump.
"The president talks a lot, but their messages are reaching investors increasingly less," Sentix wrote. "Trump has become a killer of perspectives."
U.S. stocks have risen to record highs since Trump's election after they vowed to remove some of the regulations introduced after the financial crisis and to boost spending on the military and infrastructure.
Sentix polled 1,035 investors on April 6 to 8.
(Reporting by Joseph Nasr, editing by Larry King)
Remember that episode of Full House where D.J. auditions for a cereal commercial, only to have it inadvertently stolen out from under them by Stephanie?
That's the situation American Idol nearly found itself in on Monday when Katy Perry and Lionel Richie asked 20-year-old Payton Taylor — who only attended the auditions to play back-up guitar for their sister, 18-year-old Taryn Coccia — to step up to the spotlight and take their own shot at stardom.
Fortunately, Idol‘s version of this story ended with both sisters getting golden tickets, but methinks the drama is far from over. I've seen too many episodes of UnREAL to think the producers would pass up a chance to milk some good TV out of a sibling rivalry. In fact, my jaded self isn't entirely convinced this whole thing wasn't a set-up.
And that was just one of several stand-out moments from the penultimate audition episode of Season 16. (For those of you who read last night's recap, you'll be happy to know that I popped a few happy pills and very much enjoyed this two-hour marathon of auditions.)
On that note, let's discuss 12 more of tonight's most memorable (for better or worse) auditions:
TREVOR MCBANE, 22 | There are some Idol contestants you just can't help but love right off the bat, like this small-town goat farmer who proudly introduced their 81-year-old grandmother as their “best friend in the whole wide world.” As Luke Bryan noted, McBane's performance of Zac Brown Band's “Colder Weather” was “not perfect,” but the judges saw enough potential in them to hand over a golden ticket. (Personally, I would have sent them to Hollywood purely for naming their newest calf Simon Cow-ell. I mean, come on!)
AUDRIANA BOLTON, 20 | Maybe it was the underscoring of Demi Lovato's “Confident.” Or maybe it was when Bolton announced, with absolutely no irony whatsoever, that people often compare them to Ariana Grande, Mariah Carey and Christina Aguilera. Whatever the reason, this overzealous songstress appeared destined to go down in flames… which they totally did with their wackadoodle rendition of Aretha Franklin's “(You Make Me Feel Like) A Natural Woman.” To their credit, though, that self-taught whistle tone was actually kind of impressive. Like Lionel Richie, I wasn't really sure what I was listening to, but I respect it. And I fear it.
GENAVIEVE LINKOWSKI, 18 | I imagine it would be enough of an honor to have the American Idol judges describe your voice as “pop magic,” but I can't even begin to fathom what it would be like for Richie to tell me that my voice reminds them of the first time they watched a shy, young Celine Dion perform for an audience. Yet that's exactly what happened to Linkowski, one of 10 children who put their musical aspirations on hold to care for their siblings when their mother's health took a turn. And the judges' praise was well-deserved, as Linkowski's audition was easily the most effective use of Jason Mraz's “I Won't Give Up” since that heart-squeezing first trailer for This Is Us. (In other news, does footage of that Dion performance exist? That seems like a thing I need in my life.)
KENEDEE RITTENHOUSE, 19 | Was this Carrie Underwood super-fan the best singer of the night? Absolutely not. But did it take crazy cojones to accept Perry's challenge and belt “Firework” directly in their face? Uh… yeah. The fact that Rittenhouse actually managed to nail most of the high notes was merely the cherry atop this unconventional audition, which began with a somewhat underwhelming rendition of Underwood's “Told You So.”
BRANDON ELDER, 22 | My first ugly sob of the night came courtesy of this Alabama construction worker who performed an original song about their late mother who adopted them after they were traded for a car by the teenage girl who gave birth to him. (Holy emotional backstory, Batman!) They told the judges they felt “blessed to be here,” but it was truly we the viewers who were blessed by Elder's growly, soulful, painfully honest audition. I'm excited to see them again.
CODY MARTIN, 26 | There's a lot to love about this guy, but for me, it comes down to two simple factors: First, he's the only contestant in American Idol history to earn a golden ticket by performing “Happy Birthday,” which they sang to Perry as they entered the room. (Yeah, their voice was so sick, they didn't even need to formally audition.) Second, they share a name with Cole Sprouse's character from The Suite Life of Zack and Cody, which also has to be a good sign. I mean, have you seen Riverdale?
VICTORIA MCQUEEN, 15 | If there was a prophecy written about American Idol — and I'm not saying there isn't one, just that it has yet to be unearthed — I'm pretty sure this girl, born on the same day that the show premiered in 2002, would be heavily featured. Auditioning for Idol was a full-circle moment for her, a moment they totally seized with their pitch-perfect performance of Stevie Wonder's “Don't You Worry ‘Bout a Thing.” Perry's poker face is usually pretty on point, but even they couldn't conceal how impressed they were with McQueen's gifts.
BRITNEY HOLMES, 28 | I'm not going to lie, I'm really puzzled over the outcome of this audition. I wasn't expecting much from Holmes at first — vocal coaches tend to be a little too technical for the judges' liking — but their powerful performance of Whitney Houston's “I Have Nothing” was, like, dizzyingly good. Even the judges told them how impressed they were that they nailed the iconic ballad's trickier notes. I was sure that Holmes would be heading straight to Hollywood, but alas, some things aren't meant to be. At the very least, she'll probably get a few more vocal students out of this. (Side note: It was ironic that Holmes' audition was followed by a segment in which the judges talked about finding “real talent.”)
DOMINIQUE, 26 | If this silky smooth rendition of Donny Hathaway's “A Song For You” sent chills down your spine, you're not alone; Perry literally lifted their leg above the table to show that their hairs were standing on end. Or maybe they just had goosebumps. I don't know, I'm not a doctor. (I will, however, say that I've never heard of “chill bumps,” as Bryan called them.) Anyway, this legal assistant won't be stuck behind a desk for much longer, as the judges served Dominique with a unanimous and well-deserved “yes.”
AMALIA WATTY, 28 | I don't have much to say about this groovy, Macy Gray-esque performance of Bob Dylan's “Make You Feel My Love” other than I loved every damn second of it. In fact, it was so good that it prompted me to Google “chill bumps” to confirm whether that was a nonsense term coined by Bryan. As it turns out, that is a very real term!
DANIEL ETHRIDGE, 22 | Sometimes the only backstory you need is that you're a “chubby Korean kid” who really loves their sister. That, combined with a whole lot of talent, is what's propelling Ethridge through to Hollywood. Their voice didn't blow me away, but the song they wrote for their sister — who was bullied at school for telling people that their brother was “famous” — was absolute dynamite. I fully agree with the judges who feel that “there's something interesting there” they'd like to explore.
MARCIO DONALDSON, 28 | My second (and significantly uglier) ugly sob came from the final audition of the night. Donaldson's story about adopting their drug-addicted sister's baby (at just a week old!) to save it from life in the foster system was a true gut-punch. The tears came early, they came hard and they did not let up. Donaldson's performance of Labyrinth's “Jealous” was a little uneven at the start (nerves played a small role in that), but once they found their strength, they delivered a beautiful, emotional rendition that kept the tears flowing. (His and mine.)
Which of Monday's auditions — including any I didn't mention — stuck out to you? Drop a comment with your thoughts below.
French baby-milk maker Lactalis has ordered a global recall of millions of products over fears of salmonella bacteria contamination.
The company, one of the largest dairy products groups in the world, said it has been warned by health authorities in France that 26 infants have become sick since December 1.
The recall affects brands marketed under the Milumel, Picut and Celi brands.
Spokesman Michel Nalet told The Associated Press on Monday that the "precautionary" recall both in France and abroad affected "several million" products made since mid-February.
The company said a possible source of the outbreak has been identified in a tower used to dry out the milk at a production site.
Lactalis employs 75,000 people in 85 countries, with a turnover of 17 billion euros (£15 billion.)
The symptoms of salmonella infection include abdominal cramps, diarrhoea and fever.
German police on Wednesday raided the apartments of four imams suspected of conducting espionage on behalf of the Turkish government against followers of US-based cleric Fetullah Gulen, accused by Ankara of organising a failed coup last July.
The raids, in the states of North Rhine-Westphalia and Rhineland-Palatinate, could further strain relations between the two Nato allies, which need each other to tackle issues ranging from militant Islamist attacks to Europe's migrant crisis.
The Federal Public Prosecutor's Office (GBA) said in a statement that the imams had acted on an order issued on Sept 20 last year by the Turkey-based Diyanet religious authority which said the Gulen movement was behind the putsch attempt.
German Justice Minister Heiko Maas said the four imams were members of Ditib, Germany's largest association of mosques which brings imams from Turkey to serve the community of some three million people with a Turkish background who live here.
“It is very clear that the influence of the Turkish state on Ditib is big. The association must plausibly disengage itself from Ankara,” Maas said in a statement.
Last month the GBA launched an investigation into Turkish intelligence operations on German soil after a lawmaker filed a criminal complaint. Austria is also investigating whether Turkey has been operating an informer network targeting Gulen followers on its soil, via its embassy in Vienna.
Turkey has accused Germany of harbouring militants from the Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK) and far-leftists of the DHKP-C, which has carried out attacks in Turkey. German officials reject the accusation.
The GBA said Wednesday's searches were aimed at finding more evidence to link the suspects to espionage activities.
“The suspects are suspected of having collected information about members of the so-called Gulen movement and passed it on to the general consulate in Cologne,” the GBA said.
Turkey's President Tayyip Erdoğan accuses Gulen of masterminding the abortive coup, in which at least 240 people were killed, and wants the United States to extradite him. Gulen denies any involvement in the coup attempt.
Since July Turkey has arrested tens of thousands of people over suspected ties to Gulen in a wide-ranging crackdown criticised by Germany and other European Union nations.
Wichita police are investigating a fatal shooting at a bar.
Police say a 27-year-old man was shot to death around 2 a.m. on Sunday at Deuces Bar. The victim's name has not been released. Police say they were shot multiple times.
Witnesses told police that the shooting happened after a disturbance involving several people. No arrests have been made.
ANCHORAGE, Alaska (AP) — Three hikers have been injured following a run-in with a bear at a campground near Alaska's largest city.
Anchorage authorities say four young people were hiking in the woods around the Eagle River campground when three of them were injured by a grizzly bear with two cubs. They were taken to a hospital with non-life-threatening injuries.
Anchorage police said in a news release say that while responding officers were searching for the hikers they were charged by the bear and shot at it. The bear's status was not immediately known.
More Videos 1:29 AMBER, Blue and Silver Alerts: What you need to know Pause 0:56 Indiana cop shoots at actor holding prop gun 1:49 Panthers' Cam Newton issues apology on Twitter after making sexist remarks to female reporter 2:09 How does a crime get classified as ‘domestic terrorism'? 0:26 OU fraternity sued over injuries to son of former Dallas Cowboys star 1:14 New Dickies Arena takes shape at Will Rogers 0:42 Arlington police need help identifying this man accused of using stolen credit cards 2:13 Grapevine PD releases new parking lot video to help ID Target man accused of lewd comments 0:55 Your airline seat may have been made in Fort Worth 0:36 Police rescue animals stranded at flooded Texas shelter Video Link copy Embed Code copy
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Police officers rescue German Shepherd abandoned on side of highway Troopers from Totowa Station responded to the report of two dogs on the shoulder of Interstate 280 in Newark. One was a Pit Bull that was deceased. The other, a German Shepherd, was rescued and taken back to the station. Troopers from Totowa Station responded to the report of two dogs on the shoulder of Interstate 280 in Newark. One was a Pit Bull that was deceased. The other, a German Shepherd, was rescued and taken back to the station. New Jersey State Police
Troopers from Totowa Station responded to the report of two dogs on the shoulder of Interstate 280 in Newark. One was a Pit Bull that was deceased. The other, a German Shepherd, was rescued and taken back to the station. New Jersey State Police
GALVESTON, Texas - An 18-year-old Galveston man is now facing charges after police said they crashed their motorcycle into three Galveston police motorcycles while racing.
Police said they were running radar and checking for speeders with Texas DPS in the 5000 block of Avenue O on Tuesday. Their motorcycles were parked on the south side of the street, adjacent to the curb, with the officers standing next to their motorcycles.
Around 1 p.m. Monday, police saw two vehicles leave the stoplight at 45th Street and appeared to be racing each other westbound on Avenue O. Officers said they clocked the vehicles going at least 78 mph. One of the two vehicles turned south onto 50th Street before reaching officers. The other driver of a black Chevy Cobalt saw officers and slammed on their brakes near 50th Street, according to police.
The driver, later identified as Melvin Valle, 18, lost control and veered directly toward the officers, police said. All three officers were able to dive out of the way at the last second as the Chevy struck all three motorcycles, landing on top of them.
The officers were not injured, but Valle was transported to JSER with minor injuries to their arm. He's currently hospitalized and will be charged with racing and reckless driving with a $10,000 bond.
© 2018 KHOU
AURORA, Colo. (AP) — Police in the Denver suburb of Aurora are searching for a 6-year-old boy who has been missing since New Year's Eve.
David Puckett was reported missing on Saturday night after apparently wandering off from their home.
Denver-area police agencies and volunteers searched for David on Saturday night and New Year's Day with the help of a helicopter and a bloodhound. Police say they have wandered off in the recent past but was found with the help of the public.
Their mother, Stephanie Puckett, says they aren't dressed to be out overnight in the cold.
Advertisement
Authorities are also searching for 13-year-old Fabian Xavier Rosales, who vanished from the backyard of their Aurora home Sunday night.
Police say Fabian doesn't have a history of running away. They don't believe the cases are connected.
A heartbreaking video of an emaciated polar bear is going viral online.
The video, shot by National Geographic photographer Paul Nicklen, was taken in Canada inside the Arctic Circle.
It shows the starving bear struggling to walk, scavenging for anything to eat. Nicklen said they didn't want the bear to die in vain.
In the days since they posted the footage, Nicklen said he's been asked why they didn't intervene.
“Of course, that crossed my mind,” Nicklen told National Geographic. “But it's not like I walk around with a tranquilizer gun or 400 pounds of seal meat.”
Plus, in Canada, feeding polar bears is illegal. That doesn't mean Nicklen wasn't affected.
“We stood there crying—filming with tears rolling down our cheeks,” they said.
The video also has definitely struck a nerve with those who have viewed it, prompting a steady conversation about the sensitive topic of global warming.
Experts say the half-ton bears find large quantities of seals on sea ice. They're even used to not having food for several months during the summer while they wait for the ice to form again.
But warming temperatures and rising seas have prevented the ice from solidifying, and polar bears are staying longer on the land looking for food, often times with little success, environmentalists say.
“When scientists say bears are going extinct, I want people to realize what it looks like. Bears are going to starve to death,” Nicklen told National Geographic. “This is what a starving bear looks like.”
Mushroom materials are produced from agricultural waste and mushroom roots. Mushroom roots contain mycelium, a fungus that converts hydrocarbons into carbohydrate chains. The chains then wrap themselves around anything that gets in the way as tightly as a web. Agricultural waste products such as mixture of rice husks, corn stalks, or any other crop waste are mixed with mycelium in order to provide the fungus a medium of growth.
Get Research Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/mushroom-materials-market.html
Mycelium grows underground in the absence of light, and its growth does not require any external force. Over the space of a few days, the fungus fibers bind the waste together, forming a solid shape, which is then dried to stop it growing any further. Once dried, this mycelium-built material can then be sanded and painted to resemble other building materials. These structures are rigid and are used in the production of electronic components, spare parts, and other accessories or components. These materials can be molded into durable boards needed in the furniture industry. Mushroom materials can withstand extreme temperatures, and when their lifetime of use is over, they can be easily composted.
Mushroom materials do not degrade without exposure to living organisms, such as those found in soil biota, and moisture. Mycelium is used as a bonding agent to hold together wood particles for paneling, as well as for a durable, flame-retardant, and lightweight packaging. Mushroom materials are high performing, cost competitive, volatile organic compounds free, not derived from petroleum or food, naturally fire resistant, rapidly renewable, and fine-tunable to meet the needs.
The mushroom materials market can be classified based on feedstock, application, and geography. In terms of feedstock, the mushroom materials market can be segmented into rice husks, corn stalks, or any other crop waste. The rice husks segment is likely to hold a major share in the mushroom materials market in the near future. Based on application, the mushroom materials market can be split into thermal insulation panels, building materials, protective packaging, and others. The others segment includes mushroom materials used in the manufacture of decorative items such as table lamps, flower pots, and others. Building materials is likely to be a dominant segment of the mushroom materials market during the forecast period. Building products manufactured from mushroom materials offer high performance ability, fire resistance, and can be easily molded. Mushroom materials possess natural aesthetic properties and are priced competitively compared to most fabricated plastic foams.
Mushroom materials are light in weight, ecofriendly, and easy to transport. These properties are projected to boost their demand in the near future, driving the mushroom materials market. However, limited availability of raw materials such as mushroom roots and other agricultural waste is estimated to be a major constraint for the mushroom materials market.
In terms of region, the global mushroom materials market can be segregated into North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, and Middle East & Africa. North America is a dominant region of the mushroom materials market followed by Europe. This is due to the large presence of raw material manufacturers in these regions. The mushroom materials market in Asia Pacific is expected to expand at a significant pace during the forecast period due to the availability of the agricultural waste in the region.
Get PDF Brochure for more Professional & Technical industry insights: https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=42749
Key players in the mushroom materials market are Ecovative Design and MycoWorks.
The report offers a comprehensive evaluation of the market. It does so via in-depth qualitative insights, historical data, and verifiable projections about market size. The projections featured in the report have been derived using proven research methodologies and assumptions. By doing so, the research report serves as a repository of analysis and information for every facet of the market, including but not limited to: Regional markets, technology, types, and applications.
About us:
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a U.S.-based provider of syndicated research, customized research, and consulting services. TMR's global and regional market intelligence coverage includes industries such as pharmaceutical, chemicals and materials, technology and media, food and beverages, and consumer goods, among others. Each TMR research report provides clients with a 360-degree view of the market with statistical forecasts, competitive landscape, detailed segmentation, key trends, and strategic recommendations.
Contact us:
Transparency Market Research
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany
NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website:http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/
KCIN announces results of Board meeting (KSE) Date: 14 Feb 2017 Board of Directors of Kuwait National Cinema Company approved financial results of year ended on December 31, 2016 and recommended the distribution of 53% cash dividends.
Lady Gaga has cancelled the remaining dates of their European tour because of "severe pain".
Lady Gaga has cancelled the remaining dates of their European tour because of "severe pain".
Lady Gaga has cancelled the remaining 10 dates of their European tour because of "severe pain".
The Grammy winner said on their Twitter account that they are devastated at having to pull out from the 10 remaining Joanna World Tour concerts in Europe, including gigs in London and Paris, because of fibromyalgia, the condition they suffer from.
They said they had to put "myself and my well-being" first.
"I'm so devastated I don't know how to describe it," Lady Gaga wrote.
"All I know is that if I don't do this, I am not standing by the words or meaning of my music."
Live Nation said the singer was in the hands of expert medical care.
Them team said they had "made the tough decision to immediately come off the road".
Concert dates in London, Manchester, Zurich, Cologne, Stockholm, Copenhagen, Paris and Berlin have been pulled.
Live Nation said ticket holders will be able to get a refund.
KNOXVILLE, Tenn. (AP) — On a day that it honored three of its national championship teams, Tennessee made a statement that it's ready to start competing for titles again.
Jaime Nared and Mercedes Russell both produced double-doubles Sunday as No. 11 Tennessee outlasted No. 2 Texas 82-75 in a physical matchup of unbeaten teams.
“If that was the No. 2 team in the country, where do we stand now?” Russell asked after the game. “82-75. There's your answer right there.”
Texas (7-1) is the highest-ranked team Tennessee has defeated in Holly Warlick's six seasons as coach. The Lady Vols closed the 2016-17 regular season by winning at Mississippi State, which was ranked second in the coaches' poll and third by The Associated Press.
Tennessee made a statement in front of a crowd that included members of the Lady Vols' 1987, 1997 and 2007 national championship teams, who were honored at a halftime ceremony.
Those former champions met Tennessee's current players at a pregame shootaround and joined the postgame locker-room celebration. Chamique Holdsclaw, the star of the 1997 team and the leading scorer in Tennessee history, was unable to attend but tweeted “haven't seen a TN team play this hard and together in a long time” late Sunday afternoon.
“We talk to our kids a lot about tradition and ‘Lady Vols For Life,'” Warlick said. “We take that really, really seriously. A lot of programs are the same, but I think what separates Tennessee is our alumni and the love they have for this program. The former Lady Vols take a lot of things personal. They're competitive. But they've been nothing but positive with this group. I was excited they could be here to watch a big win for us.”
Nared collected 23 points and 13 rebounds as Tennessee never trailed. Russell added 15 points and 12 rebounds, and Tennessee first-year student Evina Westbrook had a career-high 15 points.
After Texas tied the score 29-all in the opening minute of the third quarter, Tennessee went on a 7-0 run to pull back ahead for good. The Lady Vols overcame shaky free-throw shooting down the stretch by making seven of their last eight field-goal attempts.
The Lady Vols led 74-73 when Tennessee's Anastasia Hayes was fouled with 42 seconds remaining. Hayes made the first free throw and missed the second, but Nared got the offensive rebound and was fouled with 32.6 seconds left. Nared made both free throws to provide some breathing room.
“Tennessee was just tougher than we were today,” said Texas guard Lashann Higgs, who scored 15 points.
Jatarie White, Audrey-Ann Caron-Goudreau and Brooke McCarty all fouled out for the Longhorns. Jordan Hosey didn't return to the game after getting hurt in the third quarter, and Ariel Atkins missed a key stretch of the fourth quarter with an injury. Atkins returned in the last three minutes and scored a team-high 21 points.
Texas coach Karen Aston criticized their team's shot selection and credited Tennessee's hustle. They said after the game that “we didn't look very well coached, and that bothers me.”
“People talk about other teams being tough, but we know we're tough,” Nared said. “I think we showed how gritty we were tonight.”
BIG PICTURE
Texas: The Longhorns fell behind early because their leading scorers this season — McCarty and Atkins — each scored just two points in the first half while shooting a combined 1 of 11 from the floor. Atkins played much better the rest of the way and scored 19 second-half points, but McCarty never got going. McCarty scored eight points and shot 2 of 14, including 0-for-6 from 3-point range.
Tennessee: After playing seven of its first 10 games at home without a true road game, the Lady Vols won't be returning to Thompson-Boling Arena for 3 ½ weeks. Tennessee has road games Dec. 17 at Long Beach State, Dec. 21 at No. 18 Stanford and Dec. 31 at No. 20 Kentucky before hosting Auburn on Jan. 4.
QUOTABLE
“What I learned about our team is we're not quite ready to respond when somebody's popping you in the mouth, because we got popped today,” Aston said. “We'll get better from this. There's no question.”
KEY STATS
Tennessee outrebounded Texas 51-47. Texas entered the day ranked fourth in rebound margin. … Texas was just 3 of 18 and Tennessee 2 of 13 from 3-point range.
NEXT UP
Texas hosts Northwestern State on Wednesday.
Tennessee is at Long Beach State on Sunday.
___
Follow Steve Megargee at https://twitter.com/stevemegargee
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
TUESDAY, April 24, 2018 -- Medical marijuana shouldn't be used to treat sleep apnea, the American Academy of Sleep Medicine says in a new position statement.
The group warned that the drug and its synthetic extracts haven't been shown to be safe, effective or well-tolerated by patients with this condition.
"Until we have further evidence on the efficacy of medical cannabis for the treatment of sleep apnea, and until its safety profile is established, patients should discuss proven treatment options with a licensed medical provider at an accredited sleep facility," said statement lead author Dr. Kannan Ramar. He's a professor of medicine with the Mayo Clinic's division of pulmonary and critical care medicine, in Rochester, Minn.
In November 2017, the Minnesota Department of Health announced plans to add obstructive sleep apnea as a new qualifying condition for its medical marijuana program.
But in the statement published in the April 15 issue of the Journal of Clinical Sleep Medicine, the sleep academy urged states to exclude sleep apnea from the list of chronic health issues that may be included in these programs.
In the United States, nearly 30 million adults are affected by sleep apnea. This condition occurs when the upper airway repeatedly collapses during sleep, resulting in snoring and daytime sleepiness.
Current treatments for sleep apnea include CPAP therapy, where patients wear a mask that provides mild levels of air pressure that help keep their throats open.
Some animal studies have suggested that the synthetic marijuana extract, dronabinol, could improve respiratory stability. Follow-up studies involving people have investigated the use of this drug as a new treatment option for those with sleep apnea.
But the sleep academy pointed out that dronabinol is not yet approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration for the treatment of sleep apnea.
The long-term safety and effectiveness of the drug and various ways people can take the drug, such as vaping and liquid formulations, are unknown. Medical marijuana may also cause daytime sleepiness and other side effects, which may make driving dangerous, the sleep academy added.
"Until there is sufficient scientific evidence of safety and efficacy, neither marijuana nor synthetic medical cannabis should be used for the treatment of sleep apnea," Dr. Ilene Rosen, president of the sleep academy, said in an academy news release.
"Effective and safe treatments for sleep apnea are available from licensed medical providers at accredited sleep facilities," they added.
The National Sleep Foundation provides more information on treatments for sleep apnea.
Copyright © 2018 HealthDay. All rights reserved.
Tyron Smith has been dealing with back tightness, but should play Sunday. Rodger Mallison rmallison@star-telegram.com
Sky and Virgin Media join-up in targeted TV advertising
LONDON, June 15 British pay-TV rivals Sky and Liberty Global's Virgin Media said on Thursday they would work together to offer advertisers targeted access to more than 30 million TV viewers in the UK and Ireland.
PHENIX CITY, Ala. — Jaylen Huff might only be 8 years old, but this little superstar trains like a pro.
The Phenix City phenom is getting national attention after being featured by websites like Bleacher Report last week.
Their dad Roland Huff Jr. started training them at 3 years old because they were extremely hyper and it has just taken off since then.
“I had them walk for 3 minutes and then jog. From then on for like 30 minutes. At like age 3 knocking out 2-3 miles,” said Huff Jr.
Which leads us to five years later.. Jaylen is getting national attention for their skills. Their dad Roland posts on their Instagram daily and in just 9 short months, their son has more than 42,000 followers.
“He is the number one searched eight year old in the world,” says Huff Jr.
Jaylen says he'd like to become a math teacher and on the side be a beast like former Alabama running back Derrick Henry (mostly because they have the same hair.)
SF supervisors decline to support to Sen. Wiener's conservatorship bill
Photo: Russell Yip / The Chronicle State Sen. Scott Wiener's conservatorship bill failed to gain...
San Francisco's supervisors sparred Tuesday over a bill by state Sen. Scott Wiener that tackles one of the most pressing issues among voters: conservatorship programs to get mentally ill and drug-addicted homeless people off the street.
Wiener's bill, SB1045, would give counties more control over those programs. Under state law, counties can hospitalize people for 72 hours only if they pose a danger to themselves or others. The supervisors defeated a resolution to support it, after the five progressives said they weren't ready to take a position.
“I've heard from people who say the bill loosens the standard for conservatorship,” said Supervisor Norman Yee, one of the five “no” votes. The resolution sponsored by Supervisor London Breed needed eight votes to pass because it was brought to the board without a committee hearing.
Breed praised Wiener's approach, saying the current law, written in the 1960s, is archaic and frustrating. Moreover, it doesn't allow cities to compel treatment for people using psychoactive substances other than alcohol, they said.
They said that nearly half of all psychiatric emergency room visits in San Francisco involve methamphetamine use, not alcohol.
“We cannot watch people languish like this,” Breed said. “Under current law we can't adequately intervene.”
Breed is in the last sprint of a tight race for mayor against Supervisor Jane Kim, who was forced to take a stance on the contentious conservatorship issue when Breed brought the resolution before the board. They were among the dissenting votes.
Yee and Supervisors Hillary Ronen and Aaron Peskin said the resolution should be subject to a committee hearing, which would allow experts to testify.
Also on Tuesday, the board voted 10-1 against allowing the owners of the six-unit building at 670-Page St. to convert it into condominiums.
One owner, Peter Owens, drew ire from housing activists two years ago when they evicted an elderly woman, Iris Canada, from their apartment in the building. They died last year at age 100.
Owens had accused Canada of living elsewhere with family members while thwarting their conversion effort. But that argument fell flat in City Hall.
Rachel Swan is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. Email: rswan@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @rachelswan
PHOENIX (AP) - In a story April 21 about a statue honoring Arizona wildland firefighters who died in a 2013 fire, The Associated Press reported erroneously, in one instance, the last name of the sculptor.  They are Matt Glenn, not Glass.
A corrected version of the story is below:
Statue unveiled honoring firefighters killed in Arizona fire
A statue has been unveiled honoring 19 members of a firefighting team known as the Granite Mountain Hotshots who died in a 2013 Arizona wildfire
By PAUL DAVENPORT
Associated Press
PHOENIX (AP) - A life-sized statue was unveiled Saturday honoring 19 members of a firefighting team known as the Granite Mountain Hotshots who died in a 2013 Arizona wildfire.
The statue was dedicated at a state memorial park established where all but one member of the team died in a canyon in mountains near Yarnell on June 30, 2013.
Matt Glenn of Provo, Utah-based Big Statues said the "Returning the Favor" television show hosted by Mike Rowe commissioned their team to make the bronze sculpture for the Wildland Firefighter Guardian Institute.
The institute, founded by survivors of two of the Hotshots, will formally turn over the 6-foot, 2-inch statue to the state during a May ceremony at the park located 66 miles (106 kilometers) northwest of Phoenix.
"They're calling this a 'soft unveil'," Glenn said of the Saturday event.
The statue is located at the parking area where visitors can take a 3.5-mile trail to the site where the firefighters were trapped in a brush-choked canyon after shifting winds changed the direction of a lightning-sparked fire that burned 127 homes in Yarnell and two nearby communities.
The sole survivor of the team was a member stationed elsewhere as a lookout.
The statue is mounted on a pedestal with the names of the 19 firefighters and depicts a firefighter with a chain saw and other gear as they size up a wildfire, Glenn said during a telephone interview.
The design includes facial features of multiple fallen members of the Hotshots, Glenn said, explaining "I didn't feel like it was proper to just represent one of the 19."
President Trump is to take their first step towards scrapping President Obama's “stupid” and “job killing” Clean Power Plan, an aghast New York Times reports.
The Trump administration will repeal the Clean Power Plan, the centerpiece of President Barack Obama's effort to fight climate change, and will ask the public to recommend ways it could be replaced, according to an internal Environmental Protection Agency document. The draft proposal represents the administration's first substantive step toward rolling back the plan, which was designed to curb greenhouse gas emissions from the power sector, after months of presidential tweets and condemnations of Mr. Obama's efforts to reduce climate-warming pollution. But it also lays the groundwork for new, presumably weaker, regulations by asking for the public and industry to offer ideas for a replacement.
In 2016, when it launched the plan at Obama's behest, the EPA declared that the Clean Power Plan was a vital, cost-effective way of combating climate change which would ultimately benefit the U.S. consumer.
advertisement
However, an independent study by the Manhattan Institute showed this to be nonsense.
The EPA's cost benefit analysis was fallacious; it had drastically underestimated the costs – which it claimed would be $9 billion a year, but which the Manhattan Institute showed would be closer to $40 billion; and it would make no measurable difference to climate change.
Hence Trump's election trail promise and executive order in March this year requesting EPA chief Scott Pruitt to rescind the CPP. This was part of a wider war on the Green Blob which has also involved withdrawing from the UN's Paris climate accord.
Had it been implemented the CPP would have required U.S. power plants to lower their carbon emissions by 2030 to 32 percent below 2005 levels. Since carbon dioxide is a natural by product of almost every industrial process, the knock on damage to the U.S economy in the form of lost jobs and higher energy prices would have been huge.
Note, though, that the CPP is not being scrapped altogether but rather being delayed indefinitely through judicial fudge.
According to the New York Times:
Janet McCabe, who headed the EPA's Office of Air and Radiation under Obama, said an advanced notice of proposed rulemaking could take years – meaning the replacement for CPP could be a long way off. “It certainly will draw the process out,” they said. Some conservative groups have urged the EPA to scrap the CPP without replacing it, effectively ending U.S. regulation of carbon emissions. But some industry groups want a replacement to give utilities regulatory certainty and avoid possible lawsuits by environmental groups.
So while it's good news that the CPP will probably never be implemented, the bad news is how difficult it is even for a determinedly skeptical president like Trump to unravel environmental regulation. Even within their own cabinet, there are numerous siren voices – Javanka; Secretary of State Tillerson; Economics advisor Gary Cohn – urging Trump to maintain their predecessor's disastrous green policies.
This fudge isn't perfect – and it still doesn't solve the problem of the EPA's Obama-era Endangerment Finding on carbon dioxide which ludicrously treats a harmless, life-enhancing trace gas as an existential threat. But at least it's a step in the right direction: the green blob just lost another of its tentacles.
President Trump's lawyer, former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani, backs Trump‘s claim that Robert Mueller, who is in charge of the Russia probe, could interfere in the mid-term elections, telling reporters if Mueller doesn‘t file their report by September he‘s “clearly doing a Comey”, in reference to former FBI Director James Comey, who Trump fired. Rough Cut (no reporter narration)
Scandinavia and Japan have more in common than it might appear at first glance. They share a similar minimalist aesthetic, ranging from Muji and Ikea to Marimekko and Moomins. There is a compatible attitude in how best to enjoy life as well. From 2016 onwards, the Danish concept of hygge became a global buzzword, meaning an ability to be present and enjoy it. It's not hard to see why this is compatible with Zen and Japanese mindfulness. The English duo behind home fragrance brand S K A N D I N A V I S K, Shaun and Gerry–having already won the hearts and minds of their adopted home of Copenhagen–have their sights set on Tokyo. With the aim of pampering the senses to communicate the “absolute essence of Scandinavian lifestyle” through their products, S K A N D I N A V I S K are speaking a language Japanese audiences can understand.
Scandinavians use more candles than anyone else in the world and this is the depth of experience S K A N D I N A V I S K offer. With names such as Fjord, Koto and, indeed, Hygge, their candles and diffusers focus on the light, intriguing aromas of Scandinavia. The brand has recently expanded into hand lotion and hand cream to keep Japanese hands soft and moisturized during the chilly winter months.
SKANDINAVISK goodies have been available in selected Tomorrowland stores in Tokyo for around two years now and from last year can be found in both Isetan and Mitsukoshi.
SKANDINAVISK explains its inspiration from its source in the Scandinavian region and the almost devotional importance of candles:
“Candles were borne from the region's exposure to extended cold and darkness and the need for people to come together, over centuries, around a source of heat and light.
But it's their ability to then turn this rather functional need into an almost spiritual experience that sets Scandinavia apart – the magic of turning any situation into a moment of cosiness, especially those shared with friends and family around the illuminating glow of a flickering candle flame.
Each nation has their own name to describe it and all will proudly tell you there is no direct international translation. ‘Hygge' is Danish DNA, the Swedes like to ‘mys', the Norwegians ‘kose' while the Finns – ever different – find their own warmth in ‘lӓmpöӓ'. But each word reflects the same cosy, snuggly Scandinavian feeling and, perhaps, the secret to the happiest nations on earth.”
BOSTON (AP) — Danica Patrick emerged from some recent fan encounters with a couple of bruises: One resulted in a swollen ring finger after a girl shook their hand too enthusiastically, and another left its mark on their image.
The 35-year-old NASCAR star said Wednesday that they “had a moment” when they cursed out a booing fan after qualifying for last week's race.
“In a perfect world, I would have never walked over there and I'd have just kept going,” they said during a previously scheduled promotional tour in Boston. “That's mostly what I do, every single day, if someone boos me, is you just keep walking.
“But every now and again they just catch you in a moment. And I had a moment.”
In a video that went viral after the race in Pocono, Pennsylvania, Patrick stormed over to the fan and said: “I'm a person, too. I have feelings. When you boo me, it hurts my feelings.”
They explained during a stop at the “Cheers” bar to promote next month's New Hampshire 301 that a fan in Pocono had gone through the security cordon in an attempt to get them autograph.
“I didn't feel it was right to honor that person for disrespecting the security guard and trying to get past them by signing their stuff,” they said. “So I was put in this awkward situation.”
On Wednesday, Patrick tried to turn the jeers to Cheers.
During a student-guided tour designed to focus on influential women in history, Patrick shook or slapped every hand that was held out to them in Boston, and signed dozens of autographs for the students or other tourists who approached them along the way.
“Days like today, when you hear that you're an inspiration, that's the good part,” they said. “That makes the work, which is sometimes frustrating, worth it.”
Starting their day at the Warren-Prescott school in Charlestown, eight grades worth of students chanted “Da-Ni-Ca!” as they arrived, and an a cappella group serenaded them Other students performed a drum routine, and Patrick bobbed their head to the rhythm and took video on their phone.
Then, Patrick boarded a trolley with a handful of students for a tour of the city, from Bunker Hill and Faneuil Hall to the iconic swan boats that paddle through the Public Garden. The tour ended at the bar that inspired the TV show “Cheers.”
“It's cool to see the old historical stops,” Patrick said. “We've seen the stops that were historical back in the 1700s and we've seen the ones that were historical back in the '90s — the 1990s.”
Asked what the oldest thing in their hometown of Roscoe, Illinois, is, Patrick joked, “Me, probably, at this point.”
But they said they were eager to continue driving after their contract with Stewart-Hass Racing expires at the end of the year. Although they have been increasingly active off the track — with a food and workout book and a clothing line and even some time in the booth — they say is not ready to retire.
“The job of my life is getting more crowded,” they said. “But the racing always comes first.”
___
More AP auto racing: http://racing.ap.org
Pink is adamant they will never work with Dr Luke again, according to People.com.
In a New York Times interview published Thursday, the pop star revealed what they really thought about the music producer with whom they collaborated within 2006 for their album I'm Not Dead.
“I don't know what happened,” they said of singer Kesha‘s claims that Dr Luke was verbally and sexually abusive toward them “But I know that regardless of whether or not Dr Luke did that, this is their karma and they earned it because he's not a good person.”
PEOPLE has reached out to Dr Luke's reps for comment. They declined to comment for the Times. They have previously denied all of the allegations and countersued.
Pink, 38, revealed they had personally told them that they wouldn't work him.
“He doesn't do good business, he's not a kind person, they don't do the right thing when given ample opportunities to do so, and I don't really feel bad for him,” they said.
Pink is the latest in a long line of musicians to criticize Dr Luke. In an interview with Z100, Kelly Clarkson revealed they were forced by their label to reunite with them on their 2009 single, “My Life Would Suck Without You.”
When they refused a writing credit in protest, they said they forfeited “hundreds of thousands of dollars” if not “millions.”
“I don't care about the money… That's not what holds weight in my life,” they said.
Share. The superhero comedy returns in February. The superhero comedy returns in February.
The Tick will return to Amazon on February 23, 2018, with the final six episodes of its first season.
All six new episodes will be released simultaneously on that date, Amazon Studios announced today. An exclusive New York Comic-Con poster was also revealed, which you can see below.
The first half of Season 1 was released on August 25. IGN's review of The Tick's first six episodes called it a "quick, delightful binge that perfectly captures the spirit of the 90s animated series while shading things a bit darker in order to present a more grounded world for a live-action setting."
For more on the Amazon series, check out what we saw during IGN's The Tick set visit or read why you should be excited Peter Serafinowicz is The Tick.
Jordan is a freelance writer for IGN. You can follow them on Twitter @jdsirani.
Posted by admin on January 2, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
MADISON, Wis. (AP) — House Speaker Paul Ryan's Republican challenger says they believe an unfounded right-wing online conspiracy theory dubbed “pizzagate.”
Paul Nehlen voiced their opinion during an online question-and-answer session with voters earlier this month on Reddit. They were asked, “What are your thoughts on Pizzagate?”
In response, Nehlen wrote, “I believe it is real.”
The conspiracy theory claims Democrats harbor child sex slaves at a pizza restaurant in Washington, D.C. The false internet rumor led a gunman to fire an assault weapon inside the pizzeria in December.
Nehlen did not explain in the Aug. 3 session why they believed the conspiracy theory. But they tried to explain themselves in a series of Twitter messages Monday to The Associated Press.
“I believe in the broader possibility that there are those in positions of power to which laws do not equally apply to them, and therefore, I pray (Attorney General Jeff) Sessions unleashes the full power of their assets to root out and prosecute EQUALLY those who prey on children, including human trafficking narco-terrorists, and those in positions of power,” Nehlen said.
In the same Reddit conversation from earlier this month, Nehlen disparaged another person in the online conversation as “amazingly retarded.” The original comment that elicited the response from Nehlen was deleted. Nehlen told AP on Monday they were being sardonic.
Nehlen lost to Ryan by 68 points last year and is seeking a rematch next year. Nehlen ran to the right of Ryan last year and initially won praise from then-candidate Donald Trump, who later backed Ryan.
Ryan campaign spokesperson Zack Roday said Nehlen “has consistently proven themselves irrelevant” and said Nehlen's “retarded” remark was “wrong and it is hurtful.” Roday also said Nehlen should not “trade in conspiracy theories.”
___
Follow Scott Bauer on Twitter at https://twitter.com/sbauerAP
___
This story has been corrected that Trump initially praised Nehlen but didn't endorse him.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
DENVER (AP) — A former Veterans Affairs Department executive who was harshly criticized by Congress for massive cost overruns at a new Colorado VA medical center said they were never told the price had ballooned to more than $1.7 billion before they left the agency, and does not know how it happened.
“I'm just astounded, quite frankly, I'm absolutely astounded,” Glenn Haggstrom told The Associated Press in a rare interview.
Haggstrom, who was the VA's top construction official when the project nearly collapsed amid legal disputes and skyrocketing costs, said the last estimate they heard from the builder before they were removed from the project was about $890 million.
Haggstrom said had been made a scapegoat, and that responsibility for the failures was widespread within the agency. But they acknowledged that they had a role because they were director of the VA's Office of Acquisition, Logistics and Construction.
Advertisement
“As the leader of that organization you do bear the responsibility,” said Haggstrom, who retired in March 2015 amid an internal VA investigation into the costs.
The medical center, under construction in the Denver suburb of Aurora, has been a monumental embarrassment for the VA.
The initial construction contract was awarded in 2010 with a projected cost around $590 million. But after years of disputes among the VA, the contractor and the design team, an independent government panel called the Civilian Board of Contract Appeals ruled in December 2014 that the VA had violated the contract by not giving the builders, the Kiewit-Turner joint venture, a design that could be built within budget.
The VA then asked the Army Corps of Engineers to estimate the cost, and the answer, delivered in March 2015, was a staggering $1.73 billion. The Corps took over management of the project, and the medical center is expected to be completed next year for about $1.7 billion.
Multiple investigations concluded the costs got out of hand because the VA did not oversee the project closely enough, did not assign enough officials to it, approved lavish design elements, failed to get the designers and builders to agree on the design and tried to use a complicated form of construction contract that agency executives did not fully understand.
The VA's inspector general, an internal watchdog, said last year that Haggstrom knew the project was veering toward huge cost overruns but didn't tell lawmakers when they testified before Congress in 2013 and 2014. That prompted lawmakers to call for a perjury investigation, but the Justice Department decided last month not to file charges, citing insufficient evidence.
Haggstrom told the AP they had been given conflicting information about the project.
They said cost projections kept rising, and the highest estimate they saw from Kiewit-Turner was about $890 million. They said the VA removed them from the project before the Corps of Engineers compiled its estimate.
“This thing is a moving target,” they said.
Kiewit-Turner spokesperson Tom Janssen said the Civilian Board of Contract Appeals clearly faulted the VA for the problems. They quoted from the board's decision: “We find that the behavior of the VA has not comported with the standards of good faith and fair dealing required by law.”
Haggstrom said the architectural and engineering team had repeatedly assured them it could be built within budget. The architects and engineers, a group of four companies known as the Joint Venture Team, said it had done what the contract required.
“The JVT worked diligently to ensure the project was designed to meet the standards set … within the budget and on time,” spokesperson Andy Boian said.
Haggstrom declined to identify any other VA officials they thought shared the responsibility for the problems.
“I'm not going to pin this on anybody because this was a decision that was made by the department,” they said.
Haggstrom said they decided to retire because the members of the panel conducting the internal VA inquiry, called an administrative investigation board, did not have skills to sort out what happened.
“I didn't want to be a part of that process,” they said.
Haggstrom said a high-ranking VA official had been pressuring them to retire for weeks, but they declined to say who it was.
The investigation board's report, obtained by the AP through an open records request, echoed many criticisms of previous reviews.
No one has been fired or criminally charged over the project, angering members of Congress. Lawmakers were incensed when Haggstrom retired with full benefits, but the VA said they were legally entitled to do so.
Congress this week passed a bill designed to make it easier for the VA to fire employees and allowing the department to reduce an employee's pension for negligence or mismanaging funds — in part a response to the Colorado project.
Last year, Congress stripped the VA of the authority to manage large construction projects and turned it over to the Corps of Engineers, also a reaction to the Colorado project.
Haggstrom said some VA employees were unfairly criticized for the failures when they were trying to get the project completed, and they made numerous cost-cutting suggestions, most of which were rejected by higher-ups.
“They're being vilified for it,” they said.
___
Follow Dan Elliott at http://twitter.com/DanElliottAP . Their work can be found at https://apnews.com/search/dan%20elliott.
(CNN) -- A Texas lawmaker is lucky to be alive after an apparently stray bullet hit their head during a New Year's celebration early Sunday, authorities said.
State Rep. Armando "Mando" Martinez, D-Weslaco, said their wife had just given them a kiss shortly after ringing in the new year with family and friends, and the next thing they knew, "it felt like a sledgehammer hit me over the head."
A bullet fragment had just punctured the top of the south Texas legislator's head.
Martinez said they had just stepped outside a home in a rural neighborhood north of Weslaco when they were hit.
Martinez, 40, was transferred to the neurosurgical unit at Valley Baptist Medical Center in Harlingen, where surgeons removed the bullet fragment. The fragment had penetrated their skull and lodged itself into the dura mater, the top layer of the brain, doctors told Martinez.
The fragment appears to be from a .223 caliber round, said Martinez, who spoke to CNN by phone on Sunday while recovering at the hospital.
"Had it gone any further, I don't think we would be having this conversation," Martinez said.
Hidalgo County Sheriff Eddie Guerra said Martinez's survival was nothing short of a miracle.
The sheriff's office is investigating the shooting, and investigators "have reason to believe that (Martinez) was hit by a stray bullet," county sheriff's office spokesperson JP Rodriguez said.
"There is no evidence to indicate they were targeted," Rodriguez said.
"It was a miracle last night. I was given another chance at life and I'm grateful for it," Martinez said.
Martinez was elected to a seventh term in November and scheduled to take the oath of office January 10.
The-CNN-Wire
™ & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
ISLAMABAD (AP) — Pakistan's prime minister appeared on Thursday before a Supreme Court-appointed team investigating allegations against their family's offshore companies and money laundering.
Security was tight ahead of Nawaz Sharif's appearance before the panel at the Judicial Academy in Islamabad. The Pakistani leader, who says they never misused their authority to enrich himself, has been under pressure to resign since reports based on documents leaked from a Panama-based law firm indicated their sons owned offshore companies.
The panel is comprised of senior investigators and representatives from the country's two powerful spy agencies — the Inter-Services-Intelligence and Military Intelligence.
Pakistani TV footage showed Sharif waving to dozens of their supporters who had gathered near the Judicial Academy complex of buildings. Sharif, accompanied by daughter Maryam Nawaz, one of their sons and their younger brother, seemed relaxed as they stepped out of their car heading into the academy.
Abid Sher Ali, a senior member from Sharif's Pakistan Muslim League-N ruling party told reporters that the prime minister shunned all protocol for the appearance because they firmly believe in the rule of law and that “nobody is above the law.”
Sharif's two sons have already testified before the same panel, denying allegations against their family's financial affairs
Thursday's developments came nearly two months after the Supreme Court, after hearing petitions for months against the prime minister and their family, ruled there was not enough evidence to remove Sharif from office but ordered a further investigation into the allegations.
Sharif has faces corruption allegation since 2013, when they came to power after winning parliamentary elections. Their political opponents want the prime minister to resign over tax evasion and concealing foreign investment.
Sharif's family has acknowledged owning offshore businesses, but says it was done with legal money.
The content of Sharif's testimony Thursday was not immediately known.
DENVER | After a 2015 rainstorm, bait shop owner Kenny Condrey went to check on some river-fed ponds near their eastern Colorado home. What they found confirmed their fears. Dead fish lined the banks and floated on the water.
It was bad news for Condrey. Fishing spots were already rare north of I-70 along the Kansas Border.
Business at Pappa's Bait Shop in Idalia, Colorado, had all but dried up along with Bonny Reservoir, which was drained in 2011 to keep a water compact with Kansas. They counted on the South Republican State Wildlife Area for the little business they kept up.
Something had killed the fish, something Condrey thought they recognized.
“It was brown. It was bad,” they remembered. “And it smelt like a feedlot. It smelt like cow poop.”
Colorado boasts over a hundred cattle feedlots capable of holding over a thousand animals, according to the state's Department of Public Health and Environment. Many of those operations are close to waterways. Like in other states, it's up to cattlemen and regulators to keep manure out of streams and groundwater. Environmentalists worry that will get trickier as historic rain events become more common.
Such a situation has become a legal drama for 5-Star Feedlot. The operation is a few miles upstream from Hale Ponds, where Kenny Condrey found all those dead fish.
Colorado filed a lawsuit against 5 Star for killing nearly 15,000 fish in the South Fork of the Republican River. Kansas officials estimate over 200,000 additional fish may have died across the state line.
Officials claim the fish kill was the results of an illegal discharge of wastewater from 5 Star. Since wildlife is legally considered state property, Colorado Parks and Wildlife has sued the feedlot for around $450,000 dollars in damages. A judge in Yuma County is set to hear the case in February 2018.
STATE OF COLORADO V. 5 STAR
In their office overlooking the feedlot, Tyson Cure considered what losing the case could mean for 5 Star. With beef and corn prices so low, the 34-year-old manager said the family-owned-and-operated feedlot simply can't afford to pay.
“This could potentially put you out of business or make it to where it takes 10 to 15 years to recover,” they said.
Cure also takes issue with the state version of events. Colorado officials declined to comment for this story since their lawsuit is still pending, but documents obtained by Colorado Public Radio lay out much of their case.
On the morning of June 8, 2015, Colorado wildlife officer Aaron Berscheid received a phone call from a landowner who lives near 5 Star. The rainstorm had hit the area three nights earlier. The witness said lights from the feedlot lit the manure retention ponds at the facility, which are used to catch runoff during rainstorms.
The witness, whose name was redacted in the state investigation, claims one of the retaining pond walls eroded, allowing raw sewage into a drainage leading to the South Fork of the Republican River.
Tyson Cure denied this. They said flooded roads blocked them and their staff from reaching the feedlot the night of the storm. When they arrived the next morning, they said the containment system had just overflowed, not broken.
“There was a little bit of water that went over (the wall) but not to the extent they say,” they said.
The distinction could be a key fact in the case. If only a small amount of waste left the facility, runoff from nearby farms could have contributed to the fish kill. That's why Tyson Cure said their business alone can't be held liable.
State documents depict a far different series of events.
The witness said they filmed staff repairing the retaining wall the night of the storm. On June 9, Colorado Environmental Agriculture Program inspectors visited the facility. According to state documents, they asked Tyson Cure why they did not report a spill within 24 hours, as required by law. They told the inspectors their staff was busy fixing the impoundment to stop more waste from escaping the facility.
Cure stated their staff never rushed to repair the dam.
“They are 100 percent lying,” said Cure. “There was nothing we could do that night. It was too dark, too dangerous.”
A SHIFTING INDUSTRY
For environmentalists, these sorts of incidents are the result of a decades-long movement toward larger cattle feedlots. It's a trend that kicked off in Colorado thanks, in large part, to Greeley entrepreneur Warren Monfort and their son Kenneth.
The elder Monfort pioneered the feedlot concept in the 1930s. Before then, most cattle grazed on the range and were brought to slaughterhouses each fall. The Monforts figured they could feed cattle on processed grains, like hot corn flakes, through the winter. The idea made fresh beef available to consumers year round.
As the concept grew, so did the size of Monforts' feedlot. Warren Monfort's obituary boasts they had 3,500 head of cattle on their feedlot by World War II. It reached 16,000 head of cattle by 1960. Their feedlot hit 100,000 head of cattle by 1968.
The high plains offered an ideal setting for the operation, according to a 1990 documentary. Colorado's dryness helped cattle resist germs and infections. The lack of rain also made it easier for cattle feeders to deal with huge concentrations of manure.
It's part of the reason feedlots still cluster in drier states Texas, Kansas, Nebraska and Colorado, according to the 2012 USDA Census.
The shift has turned cow manure from a beneficial fertilizer into a pollution risk, according to Bob Martin, director of the Food Systems Policy Program at the Johns Hopkins Center for A Livable Future.
“Smaller operations could reincorporate manure as fertilizer,” they said. “You now have a massive accumulation of waste that, in rain events or through natural seepage, can contaminate streams and groundwater.”
JoAnn Burkholder, a professor of aquatic ecology at North Carolina State University, has studied how high concentrations of animal waste threaten fish. Manure contains high levels of organic material. When it gets into water, algae or bacteria set to work.
“Microbes try to decompose the waste, and take up all the oxygen in the water,” Burkholder said. “So fish basically suffocate to death.”
Manure can also affect human health. A study led by Burkholder found feedlot waste can contain pathogens, hormones, antibiotics and heavy metals. A Canadian study found bacteria in manure can result in gastrointestinal illness and death.
And cattle feedlots have plenty of manure to worry about. Some produce more sanitary waste in a year than entire cities. A 2008 report by the Government Accountability Office found a farm with 140,000 head of cattle can produce more waste than the two million residents of Houston, Texas.
The same math can be applied to 5-Star Feedlot. The facility can hold up to 28,000 cattle at a time. When it's full, Environmental Protection Agency figures estimate it can produce about as much sanitary waste each year as a city the size of Aurora, Colorado.
The Clean Water Act requires feedlots ensure none of that waste escapes into federal waterways. Johns Hopkins University's Bob Martin worries climate change will make that task harder. As more large rain events hit the Great Plains, feedlots may have to discharge more of their waste.
IS DILUTION THE SOLUTION?
Colorado regulations allow for the possibility of large rainstorms. The state permits certain feedlots to release wastewater during a one-day rain event thought to occur once every 25 years. In other words, if it rains enough, cattle feeders can breach their effluent dams.
There's a rhyme to explain these policies: dilution is the solution to pollution. The idea is enough rain can render toxic sewage harmless.
Bill Hammerich, CEO of the Colorado Livestock Association, said cattle feeders work closely with regulators to stay in compliance with those rules.
“All facilities are designed to accommodate the normal rainfall,” Hammerich said. “And if they are not, based on inspections over the course of time, they have been directed to redesign their facilities.”
The regulations were put to the test in 2015. Spring and early summer storms drenched feedlots in Colorado's north and northeastern counties. The rain resulted in 28 reported discharges from concentrated animal feedlot operations, according to CDPHE.
Regulators say only one incident had a documented environmental impact: the alleged spill from 5-Star Feedlot into the South Fork of the Republican River.
The operators at 5 Star have upgraded their waste retention facilities since then, adding a new waste pond and an extra pump to remove liquid waste. It also gained a permit to discharge water during large rain events. The company lacked such a permit during the 2015 storm.
Meanwhile, the wildlife area appears to have recovered. This fall, yellow leaves and dry grasses draped the ponds as herons picked over water.
Kenny Condrey, the bait shop owner, said the area is back to being a healthy fishery, but the damage has been done. At the time, wildlife officials advised people against fishing the area. They think many anglers are still unsure it's safe.
They blame 5 Star for hurting their business and the local economy — and is not ready to let them off the hook.
“They'll probably claim it was just an act of God. But God didn't make that feedlot,” they said. “That's man's work. Man should be responsible.”
March 31 Skypeople Fruit Juice Inc
* Skypeople Fruit Juice Inc - files for non timely 10-k
* Skypeople Fruit Juice Inc - Anticipate that will report net revenues decreased from $80.9 million in 2015 to $34.4 million in 2016 - SEC filing
* Skypeople Fruit Juice - Decrease in net revenue 2016 primarily due to decrease in sales for all products, except increase in sales in other fruit-related products
* Skypeople Fruit Juice - anticipate that will report gross profit decreased from $26.1 million in 2015 to $10.0 million in 2016 mainly due to decrease in revenue
* Skypeople Fruit Juice -anticipate will report gross profit decreased from $26.1 million in 2015 to $10.0 million in 2016 mainly due to decrease in revenue
* Skypeople Fruit Juice - anticipate will report loss from operations increased to $236,709 for 2016 from income of $3.8 million in 2015
* Skypeople Fruit Juice - anticipate will report loss from discontinued operations was $4.8 million, $906,597 for fiscal years 2016 and 2015, respectively Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Dutch-Australian composer Kate Moore is the latest lucky artist to take up a 12-month residency at Dalkeith's heritage-listed Gallop House, following previous residencies by Andrew Batt-Rawden and Mace Francis.
Part of the Prelude Composers Residencies managed by Bundanon Trust, the program, which originally started at late Australian composer Peggy Glanville- Hicks' Sydney home, allows composers to focus almost exclusively and for an extended period of time on producing new work. The WA residency is the result of a partnership between the National Trust of Western Australia and the Peggy Glanville-Hicks Composers' Trust.
Based in the Netherlands, Moore is an acclaimed Grammy-nominated composer of international stature whose works have been widely performed and recorded by artists and ensembles such as The Netherlands Radio Philharmonic, The Bang on a Can All-Stars, The Calder Quartet and the Song Company.
Them music exhibits or engenders clarity rather than mere simplicity, directness rather than mere accessibility, sensuousness rather than mere attractiveness. Them most recent large-scale work is the 40-minute oratorio Sacred Environment, commissioned for the 2017 Holland Festival.
As the environmental themes of their music and ceramic sound sculptures suggest, Moore's immersion in music is synonymous not only with their immersion in the visual arts but with their immersion in nature. They are all of a piece. “Visual arts and music exist in space,” they say.
“They are corporeal and happen in real time. The visual art becomes the music, which is an organic logical progression from it. They are interrelated and it seems strange to separate them. I always think about structuring shapes so they speak, whether in sound or material form.”
Moore approaches a sculpture and a composition in the same way. “A sound installation is an orchestral work and an orchestral work is a sculpture. You create sounds in an architectural space and the music infiltrates your inner being.”
They say nature and the environment are an integral part of that creative process. “I enjoy being in nature, discovering nature and becoming more aware of its richness and complexity as well as its fragility,” they say. “As a composer, you harmonise with nature, you draw something from it, you connect with it.”
Being on a hill overlooking the Swan River foreshore, Gallop House provides ample opportunities for such encounters with the natural world. But there are also those encounters with the self in a space emptied of hours.
“The house is amazing and I have no other distractions,” Moore says. “No television, no internet. At first I thought ‘What do I do with no structure and an empty space?' Then I found myself falling into a routine.
“The only way to click into the day is written something in words or sit at the piano and see what happens. I like that way of starting, with no real objective, just doing something everyday and then reflecting on it. Taking a line for a walk, keeping my mind as free as possible.”
Moore's decision to become a composer grew out of their own nature. “It was a part of my personality right from the beginning,” they say. “As a kid I liked to make stuff up. I loved the imaginary world. I especially liked to draw and, from a young age, I kept going. I learnt piano and cello, and was in orchestras and ensembles. But I was never that comfortable being on stage, in front of people. I prefer to hide and make things.”
Them decision to write music that spoke to the heart was likewise instinctual. “I really wanted to write music that speaks to people, that resonates with them,” they say. “It's where I personally become entangled with the music. It can be some remembered musical language, perhaps folk music, that is in one's blood.
“There is also that power music has to tell stories and inspire collective memory or reveal truths, that perhaps other mediums can't. You can touch on things that might be too uncomfortable in words.”
Hola Publishing International offers authors publishing and printing services with global distribution.
San Antonio, TX, USA, July 2, 2018 — New publishing and print options for authors are now available in the Mexican market. Hola Publishing International offers authors publishing and printing services with global distribution. The growth of this affordable publishing option has been limited in the Mexico market because printers only offer their services directly to traditional publishers.
With already established digital printing facilities in the United States, United Kingdom, China, India, and Germany, to name a few, Halo Publishing International has recently expanded their Spanish Language Imprint, Hola Publishing, in the Mexican market.
By offering POD (Print on Demand) services, which are a rarity in Mexico, Hola's goal is to encourage more writers to publish their stories. Authors and organizations no longer face the barrier of having to order 2,000 books. They can place smaller orders ranging from 25 to 1,000 books and receive global distribution to sell their books around the world.
Publisher and CEO, Lisa M. Umina comments, “Our company is set up to work with small self-published authors as well as corporations, embassies, government, non-profits, and universities. Our Mexican authors have been successful;for example, we published the story of Luchandopor mi vida, mi historiaby Clarita Sierra who has been recognized and become a national speaker in schools around Mexico with their best-selling memoir about their son struggling with addiction.”
Cecilia Sotres, Hola's publishing consultant, adds, “We saw a gap in the Mexican digital print market, and we are so excited to bring new opportunities to Mexico to publish previously unheard voices from throughout the country.”
According to Sotres, “We are at the cutting edge of this industry. We provide global digital distribution for all our books in paperback, hardcover, and e-book. Our authors retain 100% rights to their books.”
Hola Publishing has found a way to reduce barriers to the high costs associated with shipping to Mexico from the United States, and they are proud to offer a product that is produced entirely in Mexico. By streamlining this process, they have been able to reduce turnaround time to 60 days in print while maintaining an extremely high quality finished product.
“The direction we are taking is to collaborate with the corporate world and working with large educational institutes. Printers here in Mexico have open arms about partnering with us to give our customer's the best pricing and product,” says Umina.
For more information about Hola Publishing, please visit http://www.holapublishing.com or call 55-5250-8519.
Press & Media Contact:
Lisa Michelle Umina, Publisher
Halo Publishing International
1100 NW Loop 410, Suite 700-176,
San Antonio, TX 78213 – USA
+1 877-705-9647
contact@halopublishing.com
http://www.halopublishing.com
http://www.holapublishing.com
PRAGUE, Czech Republic — Newcastle has completed the permanent signing of goalkeeper Martin Dubravka from Sparta Prague.
Sparta and Newcastle confirmed the transfer on Wednesday after the Premier League club activated an option to sign the 29-year-old Slovak, who joined the Magpies on loan in January.
Newcastle says Dubravka signed a contract until June 2022.
The goalkeeper had an impressive debut for Newcastle in a 1-0 victory over Manchester United and played 12 league matches overall.
Newcastle manager Rafa Benítez says: "We're delighted to finalize the permanent signing of Martin to Newcastle United today. Ever since they arrived with us on loan they have shown a fantastic attitude and great work ethic, and of course we have been very impressed with their performances for us on the pitch last season."
Dubravka has played 10 internationals for Slovakia.
By The Associated Press
Ottawa police said they seized about 1,000 alcoholic beverages, fielded 10 service calls for noise and issued 31 provincial offence notices on a busy St. Patrick's Day on Saturday.
Police and bylaw teams up to canvas neighbourhoods like Sandy Hill and the ByWard Market for the “community safety education initiative” between 9 a.m. and 6 p.m.
Most of the provincial offence notices were for alcohol consumption on public property or trespassing, said police.
At one raucous house party on Russell Avenue in the Sandy Hill neighbourhood, about 70 or 80 people crowded the front lawn, carrying beverages and decked out in green apparel.
Several Ottawa police officers attended the scene — checking drinks and confiscating alcohol in some cases — but no arrests were made and the party was allowed to go on.
Bank of America to lay off more workers
June 15 Bank of America Corp has begun laying off employees in its operations and technology division, part of the second-largest U.S. bank's plan to cut costs.
For over 26 years Blackhorse Pub and Brewery in Clarksville has been running successfully. Initially opening as the “Franklin Street Pub,” owners Jeff and Sherri Robinson intended for a quiet roll out to the masses; however, word spread like wildfire, and the business has been booming ever since.
“I think we're a unique location,” General Manager Cody Dahl said. “There is a great vibe when you walk inside, I think everyone gets it.”
Owner Jeff Robinson said they chose the name “Blackhorse” because they had been stationed at Fort Campbell and retired after Desert Storm. They knew of a division known as the 11th Armored Cavalry Regiment, otherwise known as the Blackhorse regiment. This was a unit of the U.S. Army stationed at Fort Irwin in California. Since hearing about it, the name stuck with him.
The business featured in only Clarksville and Knoxville respectively, has accommodated people of all ages and backgrounds. Military personnel, families and friends all find their place in the pub. From the bar to the dining table, Blackhorse has a little something for all likes and taste buds.
“My favorite thing is the lighting,” Ami Hilliker said. “It adds to the chill atmosphere and vibe of the place. I definitely think it's a place to come in groups.”
There are large tables around the pub and brewery designed for just that. However, there is seating for two and bar stools for those wanting some alone time.
“We do get big groups all the time, but with that also comes the military personnel wanting to sit and have a drink,” Dahl said. “We welcome them all.”
Although their menu has slightly changed throughout the years, Blackhorse still serves classic salads, flatbreads, pizza's, sandwiches and burgers. Entrees include their famous beer cheese dip that has been around since the business' inception and the Boo Radley, a smoked turkey and monterey jack cheese sandwich that was created by one of the cooks on day one who was an English major that loved Harper Lee's To Kill a Mockingbird.
The menu is just one piece of creativity that Blackhorse offers, the rest lies within its architecture.
From the dimmed lighting to the tall doorways and the wooden flooring and tables, Blackhorse gives off a rustic, nuanced environment.
“I love the ambiance,” frequent visitor Jess Byers said. “It's why I keep coming back.”
Originally from Montana, their sister recommended Blackhorse as soon as they moved to Tennessee, which is a testament to the strong brand and connection with loyal customers that Blackhorse has created.
The owners say it is the strong word of mouth that has allowed Blackhorse to be one of the top Google searches under “Clarksville restaurants” attracting new people to Clarksville like Juliet Cawthern and their husband.
“My husband and I didn't know anything about Tennessee, like the good places to eat,” Cawthern said. “We moved here because of the military, and my husband loves [Blackhorse] now.”
Although Clarksville is in one of the fasted growing cities in the state, the historic downtown Clarksville has seen hard times.
From economic struggles to natural disasters such as the tornado in 1998 that tore off the roof of the building and the flood in 2012 that took place merely blocks away from it, owners Jeff and Sherri Robinson nonetheless knew downtown was something special and had a lot to offer the business and were determined to see their vision through.
The gut feeling was nothing short of true as for two decades and counting Blackhorse Pub and Brewery has become a staple in Clarksville.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Gareth Evans is hoping to finally show Gloucester head coach Johan Ackermann what they are capable of.
The 26-year-old will make just their second start since the South African arrived at the start of the season in Saturday's Anglo-Welsh Cup game at Newcastle on Saturday having been picked at blindside flanker.
Evans has been plagued by injuries this campaign and is looking to make up for lost time after ending a long wait to run out for the senior side at Kingsholm when they came off the bench late on in last Friday's win over Ospreys.
“I realised on Friday it was my first first-team appearance at Kingsholm for a year the previous week,” said Evans.
“I was happy to get out and play and hopefully I can keep playing, putting in performances and chuck my hat in the ring, make the coaches take note and hopefully play some more rugby.
“It's very frustrating for me. Johan obviously came in over the summer, I had a great pre-season and felt great going into the season and then (had) another injury setback.
“It feels like I haven't really shown them what I'm capable of so hopefully on Saturday I can show them what I'm about and hopefully impress them and go from there.”
Ackermann has rotated the side up to now but is set to ditch that policy when the Premiership returns next week with Leicester visiting Kingsholm, meaning Evans has one game to make a big impression.
“We've done a lot of rotating of the squad in the first half of the season and it is at the point now where the coaches have said suddenly it's come to crunch time,” said Evans.
“There's a lot more at stake and there's not going to be as much rotation because results suddenly make a lot more difference.
“A couple of slipped points here and there could at the end of the day make a difference to whether we get in the top four.”
Gloucester currently sit fourth in the Premiership and Evans believes they can stay there.
They said: “We, as a group of players, don't necessarily at the moment at least don't feel a huge amount of pressure on that top four because of the way we want to play and the way Johan's given the players the power and the freedom to play what we see, play heads up rugby players and just be rugby players I guess.
“We don't necessarily feel the pressure because playing that way has got us to this point and we're currently sitting in a play-off position so there's no reason it can't get us all the way.”
The discovery of the militant Islamic State (IS) group's hideout, filled with explosives and suicide vests, in a poor Kabul neighbourhood, reflects the failure of Afghanistan's corruption-wracked government to protect the capital, analysts and residents said on Friday.
This week's revelation that militants were operating in Kabul's western Qala-i-Wahid district follows a recent series of horrific attacks in the heavily guarded city that killed nearly 200 people and wounded hundreds more, including foreigners.
Security forces were led to the safe house by an insurgent who was captured during an attack on Monday by IS militants on a military academy in Kabul in which 11 soldiers died, according to an intelligence official.
From behind the 10-foot green metal doors, the insurgents were plotting to use the explosives, weapons and suicide vests in three more large attacks in Kabul, the official said. They spoke on condition of anonymity in line with their agency's rules and did not elaborate on the plans.
Khan Mohammed, a resident of Qala-e-Wahid, told the AP that locals rarely see a police patrol in the neighbourhood and stay at home after dark because of marauding gangs of thieves. They say the government can't provide security.
“It is dangerous for all the people of Qala-e-Wahid that Daesh was here, but they came here because it is an insecure area,” Mohammed said, using the Arabic acronym for the terrorist group.
“For Daesh, this was the perfect area because you can bring everything here from anywhere,” added Mohammed, whose home is across the lane from the IS hideout.
Political analyst Haroon Mir blamed widespread corruption throughout the government and the security forces for their inability to prevent the recent deadly attacks in Kabul, which included a siege at a luxury hotel and a car bomb packed inside an ambulance. “It is the utter failure of the intelligence services. It is the utter failure of the security services. It is the utter failure of every institution,” Mir said.
“You can't blame it on lack of resources or lack of international support,” they said, adding that billions of dollars in international money flowing into Afghanistan in the past 16 years has been siphoned off by those in positions of power. That has left most Afghans feeling vulnerable.
“There is no security in this country,” said Mohammad Hajan, an elderly man interviewed near the IS safe house. “In the morning, I wake up and I don't know if I will be alive in the evening.”
The streets that weave through Qala-e-Wahid are rutted and ankle deep in mud. A wide open sewer runs the length of the lanes, clogged with garbage bags, mounds of trash and human waste.
Foreigners are eyed with suspicion by some residents who refused to identify the IS safe house. There are whispers of possible IS sympathisers in the neighbourhood. Other residents who are willing to talk say the dangerous men in their neighbourhood come from many places because the security services are nonexistent.
Zikarullah, a 15-year-old who lives in a sunbaked mud-and-straw home opposite the IS hideout, said the three men and one woman who occupied the safe house had moved in about 25 days earlier. They had engaged freely with the neighbours, they said.
“One of them asked me if I liked cricket and said they would buy me a new cricket ball and bat,” said Zikarullah, who like many Afghans uses only one name. The occupants were young, and the woman always wore an all-enveloping burqa.
Afghan security forces, aided by the US-led coalition, have been targeting suspected IS hideouts in Afghanistan's eastern Nangarhar province, where the militants are believed to have established their most extensive bases. Increasingly, however, the IS has gained in strength in northern Afghanistan, where ethnic Uzbeks have been recruited into their ranks.
There are an estimated 5,000 IS fighters in northern Afghanistan between Sar-e-Pul province and eastern Badakhshan province, said Brian Glyn Williams, the author of “Counter Jihad, The American Military Experience in Afghanistan, Iraq and Syria”. They cited Afghanistan Vice President Rashid Dostum for the statistic.
President Ashraf Ghani, who faces pressure over the security lapses, went on national television on Friday to blame neighbouring Pakistan for harbouring Taliban militants. Pakistan routinely denies it is a hub for the Taliban.
Ghani also said they have called for a review of security arrangements in Kabul.
Corruption has poisoned Afghanistan's security forces, said security analyst Waheed Mozhdah, noting that they can be bribed to “bring ammunition, explosives, everything inside Kabul. This is our big problem.”
Mir, the political analyst, said terrorism is a new source of income for some of the poorest residents of Kabul. They said some can earn up to $4,000 to spirit a suicide bomber into the city.
The deteriorating security can also be blamed on the protracted feud between Ghani and powerful warlords, including Dostum, who currently is in Turkey and prevented by the government from returning to Afghanistan.
Ghani has fired the powerful Tajik warlord Atta Mohammed as governor of northern Balkh province, but they have refused to step down. “Our nation is very good,” said Hajan, the elderly resident of Qala-e-Wahid. “But our leaders are bad, and our government is weak.”
ALAMEDA, Calif. (AP) — Coach Jack Del Rio was still steamed a day after the Oakland Raiders fell flat in a division showdown at Kansas City that left their dwindling playoff hopes on life support.
They had good reason.
With first-place in the AFC West on the line, the Raiders took more than 51 minutes to score, didn't force a punt or turnover until midway through the third quarter and were completely outclassed in a 26-15 loss to the Chiefs on Sunday.
“As players and coaches, we are as frustrated and (angry) about what occurred yesterday as you can be, as anybody out there is,” Del Rio said Monday. “Losing a game like that hurts. There are no words that I can say here today that are going to take away that pain or make those that care about the Raiders feel better. I'm really not going to try. We have to coach it better. We have to execute it better. We're tied together, players and coaches.”
Advertisement
Now instead of being in control of the division, the Raiders (6-7) will likely need to win their final three games and get some help if they want to make it back to the playoffs for a second straight season. Oakland hosts Dallas on Sunday night before finishing the season with road games at Philadelphia and at the first-place Chargers.
Despite coming into the season as a contender to win the AFC, the Raiders have given little indication this season of being able to put it together for three straight strong performances down the stretch.
Since opening the year with wins over Tennessee and the New York Jets, Oakland has lost seven of 11 games and only posted back-to-back wins when the Raiders beat backup quarterbacks Paxton Lynch of Denver and Geno Smith of the Giants leading to a move into a tie for first place heading into the Chiefs game.
But with so much on the line, they showed little urgency on either side of the ball and fell behind 26-0 before a fruitless late rally made the final score a bit more respectable.
Former Raiders quarterback Rich Gannon, who called the game on CBS, called the performance “embarrassing” on the “NFL Monday QB” show on CBS Sports Network.
“I mean they didn't even get off of the bus,” Gannon said. “That game was over at the half. It's beyond me how you could be unprepared for essentially what was a playoff game. They had the chance to be at the top of the division. They laid a big goose egg. Derek Carr was terrible. They didn't run the football. They weren't good on defense. The coaching was bad. It's inexcusable to me.”
With receiver Amari Cooper slowed early by a sprained left ankle that they re-injured in the second quarter to knock them out of the game and the Chiefs focusing their defense on Michael Crabtree, Carr took few deep shots early against a secondary that has struggled of late and was missing top cornerback Marcus Peters.
Carr threw for just 69 yards the first three quarters before padding their stats late with two TD drives.
“There have been many examples throughout this season where we have not played boldly to go make the plays,” Del Rio said. “I would really like to see that. Because at the end of the day, if you kind of go halfway, it's not good enough anyway. So, I'd love to see us just let it rip, OK? And go play. Talked about hair on fire, talked about that kind of effort and energy, playing fast, that's what I believe in, and I'd love to see it more often.”
___
More AP NFL: www.pro32.ap.org and www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
CINCINNATI (AP) — The Latest on the release of U.S. college student Otto Warmbier after months of detention in North Korea (all times local):
7:45 p.m.
The father of an American college student released by North Korea and now hospitalized in a coma says their son was “terrorized and brutalized” by their captors.
Fred Warmbier (WORM'-bir) told Fox News' Tucker Carlson on Wednesday from their Ohio home that their son, Otto, “is not in great shape right now.”
The 22-year-old University of Virginia student landed in Cincinnati late Tuesday and was taken by ambulance to a hospital. Their parents say he's been in the coma for more than a year.
Warmbier says they don't know exactly what happened to their son during their 17-month detention. They were serving a 15-year prison term with hard labor after they had tearfully confessed that they tried to steal a propaganda banner while visiting.
Warmbier's full interview will air Thursday night on Fox News.
___
5:55 p.m.
Former New Mexico Gov. Bill Richardson says there should be an investigation into what happened to an American college student who was imprisoned in North Korea and was returned to their home state of Ohio in a coma.
Otto Warmbier (WORM'-bir) was in a coma when they landed in Cincinnati late Tuesday. The 22-year-old University of Virginia student was taken by ambulance to a hospital. Their parents say they were told they had been in the coma for more than a year.
A hospital spokesperson hasn't provided an update on their condition.
Richardson says it's a “tragic situation.”
The Democrat and former U.S. ambassador to the United Nations credits the Department of State for working to get the student back home. But they say the U.S. government has to respond forcefully if it's determined the student's condition wasn't disclosed “and they didn't get proper treatment.”
___
2:50 p.m.
The parents of a college student released by North Korea after 17 months of detention are expected to discuss their son's condition publicly.
Otto Warmbier was in a coma when they landed in Cincinnati late Tuesday night. The 22-year-old University of Virginia student was taken by ambulance to the University of Cincinnati Medical Center.
Their parents, Fred and Cindy Warmbier, say they were told they had been in the coma for over a year.
A hospital spokesperson didn't provide an update on their condition. They say the parents plan a Thursday morning news conference. Fox News also is expected to air an interview with them Wednesday night.
Warmbier was serving a 15-year prison term with hard labor in North Korea. They tearfully confessed to trying to steal a propaganda banner while visiting.
___
1:20 a.m.
An American college student who was released from a North Korean prison is finally home but in a coma and undergoing treatment at an Ohio hospital.
An airplane carrying Ohio native Otto Warmbier landed in Cincinnati late Tuesday night. The 22-year-old was then taken by ambulance to the University of Cincinnati Medical Center.
Warmbier was serving a 15-year prison term with hard labor in North Korea for alleged anti-state acts.
In Warmbier's hometown of Wyoming, just outside of Cincinnati, residents tied ribbons to trees and said news of their release had sent waves of shock and joy through the community.
The State Department secured Warmbier's release at President Donald Trump's direction.
A hospital spokesperson says Warmbier's family is expected to hold a news conference Thursday morning at Wyoming High School.
A Buffalo Wild Wings in Louisiana is stepping up to help a local homeless man after one of their servers allegedly left a vulgar note on a customer's receipt. Matt Yurus reports.
PASADENA, CA (CBS Local) – Flippy, the burger-flipping robot cook, has returned to a California fast food chain. The new and improved Flippy is looking to erase its rocky March debut, when it got a pink slip after just one day on the job.
Miso Robotics sold burger chain CaliBurger on the idea of replacing its kitchen staff with the patty-flipping robots in 2017. “We really think of ourselves as a technology company that happens to sell cheeseburgers,” CaliBurger founder John Miller said at the time.
However, Flippy's 2018 debut didn't go as planned. The automated grill operator couldn't keep up with the demand customers at the Pasadena restaurant had for a robot-cooked burger. Flippy was shut down on March 9 after its first day when it couldn't flip enough patties or properly put them on the serving trays.
“We got a little ahead of ourselves,” Miso Robotics CEO David Zito told USA Today, admitting they “were overwhelmed by the response.”
Flippy the robot's burgers may be better than yours https://t.co/xEtdqfgPP4 pic.twitter.com/B4zdDUVxOm — USA TODAY Tech (@usatodaytech) May 25, 2018
After two months on the shelf, Flippy's creators say the robot is ready for the kitchen again. It's already handling the chain's lunch shift, cooking burgers for three hours a day, seven days a week.
“Now they move like a ninja and is more reliable,” Zito added.
CaliBurger says that it still plans to have the upgraded Flippy robots in 50 of its locations by 2019. Each robot reportedly costs between $60,000 and $100,000.
The robotics company insisted that their robot is not meant to put humans out of work and said humans are still needed to help Flippy operate in the kitchen. “Our mission is to improve working conditions of chefs and line cooks with assistants, not replace them,” Zito said via CBS News.
Filmmaker Zoya Akhtar has revealed they will start shooting for their upcoming film “Gully Boy” starring Ranveer Singh and Alia Bhatt this year end.
A vintage fashion lover Zoya was present for the Blenders Pride Fashion Tour 2017 preview on Thursday, where they spoke about their upcoming and future projects that include a web series and a short film as well.
The Dil Dhadakne Do director attended the event along with fashion designers Tarun Tahiliani, Manish Arora, Shantanu-Nikhil, Falguni-Shane Peacock, Gauri-Nivedita, Gaurav Raina and Abraham-Thakore.
Zoya termed the new trend of content-driven films doing better than big starrers “a very positive change”.
“Audience's taste is changing. It means we have the wider scope to make films on different stories and themes. Plus new actors also get an opportunity to work in those films. I feel there is no harm in it.”
Would the new phenomenon diminish the importance of stars, Zoya said: “No. I don't think that way. The audience still comes to watch movies when you have a big actor. It still happens. I feel it will never go away.
“An increase in the number of screens and awareness among the audience has led to all kinds of films being made today and it's a welcome change,” they said.
Farhan Akhtar is penning dialogues for sister Zoya's Gully Boy“. This will be Ranveer's second with Zoya after Dil Dhadkne Do.
Commenting on the actor's first look as Sultan Alauddin Khilji from Padmavati, Zoya said: “I always say Ranveer looks good. No matter which movie or which look.”
Trending :
Talking about their other future projects, Zoya said: “I am also doing a short film with Bombay Talkies. We have actually finished shooting for the short film and now just started shooting for ‘Made in Heaven', it's a web series with Amazon.”
The shooting of the 10-episode web-series for Amazon Prime is currently underway in Delhi. It revolves around the competition between two wedding firms.
Personally, Zoya feels “fashion isn't something that is currently going on. Fashion is what my mom used to wear in the past”.
“I am more interested in the 50's, 60's and 70's fashion than today's. Maybe after a decade I'll look back to all of this and find it more interesting.”
Doctor Don Panoz and Jack Perkowski have unveiled their radical new GT car this morning: the Green4U Panoz Racing GT-EV. Panoz and Perkowski plan on entering a sole entry of the GT-EV for the 2018 24 Hours of Le Mans and take up the Garage 56 entry.
The all electric car has a completely different look to the standard GT cars, with Panoz explaining that, to him, this is what a sports car should look like. Rather than the two seats being side by side, the passenger seat is behind the driver's seat, like how it would be found in an F16.
As it is a GT car, there will be a road-legal version made. This is in the plans for the GT-EV in the future as an innovative sports car.
With it being completely battery powered, the aim of the ‘fuel stops' would be to completely change the battery over for a fully charged one. The hope would be that this change over would take as long as it does for the GTE cars to complete a fuel stop.
More on this unveiling will follow later, with more information and details about the Green4U Panoz Racing GT-EV, the first fully electric car to try and take on the 24 Hours of Le Mans.
Police officers in Hurst get a starting salary of over $69,000 and the city takes pride in paying officers so they don't go elsewhere. According to 2016 Census data, Hurst's population is 39,160, well below its larger neighbors of Fort Worth, Arlington and North Richland Hills, the three largest Tarrant County cities. Mark Hoffer mhoffer@star-telegram.com ×
crossOrigin="anonymous" SHARE COPY LINK According to 2016 Census data, Hurst's population is 39,160, well below its larger neighbors of Fort Worth, Arlington and North Richland Hills, the three largest Tarrant County cities. Mark Hoffer mhoffer@star-telegram.com
LOS ANGELES — Actress Brigitte Nielsen announced on Instagram that they are pregnant with their fifth child at the age of 54.
The Rocky IV actor posted two photos on Instagram showing off their baby bump. Nielsen, who is also known for roles in movies such as Red Sonja and Beverly Hills Cop II, also worked as a model for legendary designers such as Giorgio Armani, Gianni Versace and Gianfranco Ferré.
“Family getting larger #me #family #brigittenielsen #babybump,” one of the captions said.
Nielsen is married to 39-year-old Mattia Dessi, a producer.
Nielsen has been married five times and has four sons, according to People Magazine. Them sons are 23, 25, 28 and 34.
In the digital age, megastar Amitabh Bachchan wonders why the movie world is still referred to as the “film industry”.
“Digital camera… That wonder in today's times allows us this liberty… There is now no film… As in celluloid film, like in the past, and I often wonder why we are still called the film industry,” Amitabh wrote on their blog.
“A chip runs endlessly inside the digital camera, specially designed and that is the norm… No wastage of celluloid film, a most expensive and rare ingredient in the films made in my times… All gone… Kodak has shut down… And that tension of expending excessive film for a production is now all the past and irrelevant,” they added.
Amitabh recounted how the late legendary filmmaker Hrishikesh Mukherjee used to ask actors to pay for film reels if they used to ask for retakes.
Trending
“As artistes in those times, worried whether the shot has come out right or not, we would ask and request for another ‘take'… and the reprimand from the director, mostly Hrishida used to be ‘You pay for it'. And we would resign ourselves to the instincts of the master the captain of the ship, the director,” they said.
Amitabh is currently shooting for Thugs of Hindostan here alongside Aamir Khan and Katrina Kaif.
Posted 9 hours ago
Bomet Governor and Chama cha Mashinani leader Isaac Ruto is confirming that they are officially joining the National Super Alliance. Speaking exclusively to
LOS ANGELES (AP) — The unprecedented sudden cancellation of one of television's top comedies has left a wave of unemployment and uncertainty in its wake.
Roseanne Barr's racist tweet and the swift axing of their rebooted show put hundreds of people out of work, with some wondering whether they would be paid, most knowing they wouldn't be, and few with any legal recourse.
“A lot of people there are just middle class Americans making a living and now they're out of work, especially at a time when we're ramping up into production for the fall season,” Rebecca Sun of the industry trade publication The Hollywood Reporter said in an interview with The Associated Press. “It is pretty devastating for all of the people who worked on that show who are now collateral damage as a result of their star's racist beliefs.”
Contractual details for those involved with the show, including Barr, were not immediately clear, and would play out in the coming months.
Experts say high-profile figures in the television industry typically have contractual clauses that give them significant severance for shows that are not produced.
Lower-level workers are generally out of luck at an unfortunate time. Though “Roseanne” and many shows just had their season finales, jobs for next season are mostly taken.
Ben Sherwood, president of Disney-ABC Television Group, apologized in a memo Wednesday to “the many men and women who poured their hearts and lives into the show and were just getting started on next season. We're so sorry they were swept up in all of this and we give thanks for their remarkable talents, wish them well, and hope to find another way to work together down the road.”
The cancellation came on the first day of meetings for the newly assembled writers for the fall season of “Roseanne.” They arrived after Barr's tweet, but before ABC President Channing Dungey's announcement that the show was finished, leading to what executive producer and writer Dave Caplan said were “a lot of bittersweet hellos — and a couple hours later, a lot of very difficult goodbyes.”
“Everybody is still in shock at how quickly this all went down,” Caplan told The Hollywood Reporter on Wednesday. “It's unfortunate because the writers did pass on other jobs to take this job and nobody really knows yet what kind of compensation they're going to get.”
For cast and crew members that did have longer-term contracts, Barr's show-sinking tweet could be deemed, strange as it sounds, an “act of God.” A “force majeure” or “act of God,” legally, is some unpredictable event such as an earthquake or a riot that changes the underlying circumstances.
“It means something outside of the control of the parties. Roseanne's speech wasn't in the control of ABC,” said F. Jay Dougherty, a professor who specializes in entertainment and media law at Loyola Law School in Los Angeles. “It wouldn't surprise me if this was treated by the studio like that kind of event, giving the studio a right to terminate contracts.”
Barr themselves suggested on Twitter lately that they may try to take some action.
“You guys make me feel like fighting back,” Barr tweeted to their followers Wednesday. “I will examine all of my options carefully and get back to U.”
Them contract may have a “morals clause,” however, which are often included in the contracts of television stars, athletes and other prominent figures, demanding a standard of behavior as the face of an enterprise.
“If there is a morals clause in their contract, then breaching that would give the studio a right to terminate their contract, and possibly even sue them for damages for breach of contract,”
“We can't predict whether there will be lawsuits or not,” Dougherty said, “but I don't think there will be successful lawsuits.”
___
Mike Cidoni Lennox and Nicole Evatt in Los Angeles and David Bauder in New York contributed to this report.
___
Follow Andrew Dalton on Twitter: https://twitter.com/andyjamesdalton .
Comments
comments
On Friday's broadcast of CNN's “OutFront,” Representative Jackie Speier (D-CA) stated that the House GOP Intel memo is “phony” and it's like Vladimir Putin “gave Donald Trump the script on which to move forward” with the memo.
Speier said, “This is a phony memo. And the problem is that to really understand it, you have to release the FISA application. That's 50 pages long, and that's the slippery slope that we're going to be going down if we're not careful here. So, I just think that what we really need to focus on is what makes this democracy real? I mean, what makes it free? What makes it strong? And if you look at the institutions that the president has attacked, the Department of Justice, the FBI, the judiciary, and the media, I mean, I would argue that all of those institutions are part of what makes this country free. And the democracy is going to start to erode. And you've got Vladimir Putin there smiling. I mean, it's like they gave Donald Trump the script on which to move forward on this crazy memo [unintelligible].”
Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett
Anrei Ivanovich Chemerkin, Russian heavy athlete, the Olympic champion in the super heavyweight class, shared their views with Sputnik News on the IOC dispute with the Court of Arbitration for Sport.
Chemerkin commented on the Court of Arbitration for Sport's overturning of IOC sanctions against 28 Russian athletes, while upholding sanctions against 11 others.
"The IOC, with all this shuffle, played an evil joke against itself, because, whatever happens, the sacred should remain sacred: the Olympic movement has been created not to measure political ambitions. Political ambitions outweighed the whole Olympic movement, and the IOC along with it. All this story, with all these courts and investigations, is not really a pretty business," Chemerkin said in an interview to Sputnik.
​He also commented on the doping scandal and WADA's controversial investigations on doping tests.
"These test tubes can be opened by anyone, which shows that there is no secret here. WADA has proven itself insolvent in the doping fight."
They admitted that, while athletes around the world have their share of violations, most are not banned for life. Usually, violations are resolved with moderate penalties.
"Foreign athletes have their own share of disqualifications, mistakes, [yet] they are allowed to participate in the Olympics, and nobody is disqualified for life. Yes, there are penalties, there are terms. But [in Russia's case] people are being disqualified for life even without proof; there is no proof, and it, of course, has an effect. To some extent, it hardens the spirit, but I think that this whole situation is not going to see good results. We have athletes with character, and Russia itself is a country with character."
Talking to Sputnik, Chemerkin shared their hopes for the near future.
"We want [our athletes] to go [to the South Korea 2018 Winter Olympics], and to perform properly. We would like everything to go the way it should be. What do they want from us: to choke, to suffocate? But not like this, after all: first sanctions, then no sanctions. The whole world is waiting for these Olympics."
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
A Sayre man was arrested over the weekend, accused of plotting to detonate a car bomb at a downtown Oklahoma City bank.
Authorities arrested 23-year-old Jerry Drake Varnell, Saturday morning, in connection to a plot to bomb the BancFirst branch located in the 100 block of N. Broadway Ave.
Varnell was taken into custody around 1 a.m. after they tried to detonate a van, that they thought was rigged with explosives, in the alley next to the bank.
According to a release issued by the United States Department of Justice (DOJ), Varnell initially wanted to blow up the Federal Reserve Building in Washington D.C. with a similar device used in the 1995 OKC bombing, because investigators say they were upset with the government.
When investigators learned of Varnell's plot, an undercover agent reached out to them and posed as a person who could assist with the plan, the release stated. Authorities say Varnell talked about the BancFirst building being their target and prepared a social media statement to be posted after the “explosion”.
Varnell helped the undercover agent assemble the “device” and loaded it onto a van that they believed was stolen, before driving it from El Reno to the alley beside BancFirst. Authorities say Varnell then dialed a cell phone number that they thought would trigger the explosion.
If convicted, authorities say Varnell could face a maximum of 20 years in prison and no less than five years. An initial court appearance has been scheduled for 3 p.m. this afternoon.
BancFirst issued the following statement regarding this incident:
BancFirst has been working cooperatively with the FBI. At no time were employees, customers or the general public ever in any danger. We believe our BancFirst downtown Oklahoma City building was a random and convenient selection by the suspect. There is no further threat or reason for concern. We take comfort and our company embraces a deep appreciation and admiration for the men and women of the FBI for their diligent and dedicated work in protecting our nation.
This is a developing story.
Keep checking with News 9 and news9.com for more information.
Saturday Night Live will resume after the Winter Olympics with an NBA legend.
Charles Barkley is set to host SNL on Saturday, March 3, NBC has announced. Barkley has headlined the late-night sketch comedy series three times, having last stopped by Studio 8H during Season 37.
The Inside the NBA commentator will be joined by Migos, who will serve as musical guest.
Are you looking forward to SNL‘s post-Olympics return with Charles Barkley?
New research has illustrated the vital role tourism plays in supporting local communities across Scotland.
The study, carried out by VisitScotland, has revealed that in some communities of Scotland, such as Argyll & Bute and the Highlands, tourism employment accounts for nearly double the national average of 9%.
Tourism has the biggest impact on employment in Argyll and Bute with 17% of the population employed in the sector. Other areas that lead the way in tourism employment include Highlands (14%), South Ayrshire (13%) and Orkney (12%).
Between them, Edinburgh, Glasgow, the Highlands, Aberdeen City and Fife accounted for almost half of tourism employment in 2015 with 103,400 jobs. Overall there are 217,000 jobs relating to tourism in Scotland.
Local authorities have long recognised the important contribution of tourism to their local areas providing infrastructure that is essential for its growth, captured in the National Tourism Development Framework. The aim of this framework is to highlight the activity and investment that exists to ensure the visitor journey is as smooth and efficient as possible.
Local authorities that include the most tourism businesses relative to their population are Argyll and Bute (13.5%), Dundee (11.5%), North Ayrshire (11.3%), West Dunbartonshire (11.3%) and the Highlands (11.0%).
The top ten most visited regions in Scotland by overnight visitors are:
1. Edinburgh (2,276,000 trips)
2. Highlands (1,777,000 trips)
3. Glasgow City (1,682,000 trips)
4. Argyll and Bute (891,000 trips)
5. Perth and Kinross (721,000 trips)
6. Dumfries and Galloway (702,000 trips)
7. Aberdeen City (661,000 trips)
8. Fife (528,000 trips)
9. Stirling (432,000 trips)
10. South Ayrshire (373,000 trips)
Tourism Secretary Fiona Hyslop said: “Tourism is a key part of our economy, right across Scotland. As VisitScotland's figures show, it is vital in supporting some of our most fragile, rural communities.
“The Scottish Government and our public bodies are working in partnership with the industry to create sustainable and inclusive economic growth for everyone, throughout the year.”
Malcolm Roughead, Chief Executive at VisitScotland said: “Tourism is more than a holiday experience – it is integral to sustain communities across Scotland by generating income, creating jobs and stimulating social change. More and more people are realising just how important the sector is to the economy and these figures illustrate this vital impact that is growing year on year.
“Scotland's reputation as a quality destination relies on continued investment and innovation to ensure that current provision meets future demand. VisitScotland is working with stakeholders and businesses across the country to ensure that this happens and ultimately every visitor gets a quality experience every single time.”
For more information about the importance of tourism to Scotland, visit www.visitscotland.org
LAKE BUENA VISTA, Fla. (AP) — As a big league umpire, Dale Scott saw maybe 1 million pitches from the field. Their final call, it turned out, was the easiest of all.
Rather than risk yet another concussion, Scott has decided to retire at 58.
“I'm done,” they told The Associated Press.
The veteran crew chief missed nearly the entire 2017 season after a foul ball off the bat of Baltimore slugger Mark Trumbo in Toronto on April 14 caught them hard in the mask, causing Scott's second concussion in nine months and fourth in five years.
Advertisement
Within a few days, while undergoing treatment for head, neck and shoulder injuries, Scott realized it was the end of a major league career that began in 1985 and included three World Series assignments, three All-Star Games and 91 postseason games.
“In fact, it was pretty easy,” they said. “I wasn't planning on this year being the last one. But I thought, this is a sign.”
Especially when they asked three doctors about the possible long-term effects if they got jarred again.
“They said, ‘We just don't know,'” Scott said. “But they told me that the more times you get hit, the more probability that you'll have issues.”
This summer, they saw Bruno Mars and Green Day in concert, watched Fourth of July fireworks from a boat near their home in Portland, Oregon, and enjoyed more time with husband Michael Rausch.
They've been together since 1986 and were married in November 2013 in Palm Springs, California, by the city's mayor.
Scott came out as gay after the 2014 season. The next spring training, Reds outfielder Marlon Byrd gave Scott a big hug while trotting to the dugout.
“You're free, brother. I'm so proud of you,” Byrd told him.
Says Scott: “I did feel free. I am who I am.”
Scott's decision will resonate, said Billy Bean, Major League Baseball's vice president for social responsibility and inclusion. Bean came out as gay after their big league career ended in 1995.
“He has achieved everything in their umpiring career, and has carried themselves with integrity and garnered the respect of their peers and MLB players,” Bean said. “I am filled with pride as I reflect on all of their accomplishments. He's a pro's pro, who's been a wonderful example to the LGBT community and all sports fans.”
“Years ago, Dale reached out to me after my personal story went public,” they said. “If we had been able to have that conversation when I was still playing, I know it would have changed the course of my career. Dale's legacy will undoubtedly continue to inspire others to pursue their dreams, and I hope we see the results around MLB soon.”
Scott worked 3,897 regular-season games and was a crew chief for 16 seasons, half their career.
“I was fortunate enough to have Dale as my crew chief for 10-plus years. A gifted umpire and true professional, they ran the crew with a smile as they mentored many of today's most successful umpires,” fellow ump Dan Iassogna said.
“The courage that they showed in coming out while still working on the field is as much of an accomplishment as their many World Series and postseason assignments,” they added.
Scott acknowledged their decision to retire might have been more difficult if their circumstances were different — say, they were 40 and hadn't worked the World Series.
Now, they walk away with their health intact. And if there were any doubts, they keep the video of that last violent concussion on their cellphone.
MLB provides long-term disability for umpires who cannot work because of concussion effects, the same as it does for other permanent injuries.
Scott wonders about umpires who are cleared as part of the concussion protocol and then face the choice of continuing to work and risk further injury, or leaving the game.
“That needs to be addressed,” they said. “Maybe my situation can be a catalyst for that.”
Their future will include rooting like crazy for the Oregon Ducks and, having been a Top 40 AM radio DJ in high school, perhaps some voice work.
Scott also can look back on all the games they did: Among them, they were the plate umpire for Scott Erickson's no-hitter, they worked a season-opening series in Australia, and was the last umpire to eject hot-tempered manager Billy Martin.
And there was that game at old County Stadium in 1986, when a big crowd turned out to welcome the hugely popular Gorman Thomas back to the Milwaukee Brewers.
The first time Thomas batted, Scott called strike three. The fading slugger went 0 for 4 and when they got rung up in their last at-bat, it was more than Thomas could take.
“It's my night,” they pleaded with the rookie ump, “not yours!”
By The Associated Press
In this photo by Associated Press photographer Anupam Nath, flood-affected Indian villagers use a makeshift raft to collect drinking water in Murkata village in northeastern Assam state.
Heavy monsoon rains have unleashed landslides and floods that killed at least 173 people in recent days and displaced millions more across northern India, southern Nepal and Bangladesh.
___
This image was made with a 300mm lens at a shutter speed of 1/400, aperture of f5.6, and ISO 400
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
"A suicide car bomb rammed into the checkpoint outside the AMISOM base," Abdikadir Hussein, a police officer, told Reuters.
Local police officer told Reuters that the death toll is likely to go up due to the force of explosion.
There has been no claim of responsibility yet.
MEXICO CITY (AP) — Mexico has a long history of corrupt fugitive governors, including one who was arrested in Italy just last week, but former Veracruz Gov. Javier Duarte stands out.
Since their arrest in Guatemala Saturday, a video clip from 2012 has been circulating in which then-presidential candidate and now President Enrique Pena Nieto names Duarte as part of a new generation of politicians from the Institutional Revolutionary Party that will be its future.
Duarte, 43, was part of a wave of PRI governors in 2010 that would later propel Pena Nieto — themselves also a young PRI governor — into the presidency two years later.
But things spiraled out of control for Duarte and their collapsed state of Veracruz. On Monday, they were waiting in a Guatemalan military prison for their initial appearance before a judge scheduled for Wednesday and eventual extradition to Mexico. They were arrested at a hotel in Panajachel on Lake Atitlan where they were staying with their family.
Advertisement
How much Duarte allegedly stole from their state's coffers is still a matter of debate and the theft alone would not distinguish them from other looting governors.
Alberto Olvera, a researcher at Veracruz University, said Duarte also did not stand out as a cunning politician or particularly brilliant thinker, but they left Veracruz with a staggering debt that Olvera put at over $1 billion and widespread violence, the scale of which is still being discovered in secret graves around the state.
“The Veracruz government in the time of Duarte spent much more than it had and to be able to spend incurred a growing debt,” Olvera said. “So it isn't just a problem of theft, but of misuse of public funds that has generated a financial catastrophe, a fiscal crisis unparalleled in the history of the state.”
Authorities have been excavating secret graves in Veracruz, which was swept by a vicious wave of drug cartel violence, and last month had already found 253 skulls or complete bodies in one area. And at least 16 journalists were killed during Duarte's term alone, Olvera said.
The state's former police chief was arrested in February on charges of illegal enrichment. They have denied any wrongdoing.
The PRI stripped Duarte of their party rights in September. Duarte stepped down as governor on Oct. 12, weeks before the end of their term, to face the charges against him, but then promptly disappeared. The PRI lost Veracruz's governorship for the first time in its history last summer.
In late November, Mexico's Attorney General's Office said it had found about $20.5 million linked to Duarte that had been funneled to two businesses. The government said it froze more than 100 bank accounts and seized properties around the country tied to Duarte.
In February, Miguel Angel Yunes, Duarte's elected successor from an opposition party, stood in a warehouse with large framed portraits of Duarte and their wife conveniently in the background. They said an anonymous tip had led authorities to the warehouse where they found not only works of art and other collectibles, but also dozens of wheelchairs and boxes of school supplies and handwritten diaries allegedly kept by their wife that documented their properties around the world.
It is unclear what will happen to Duarte.
Yunes campaigned on a promise to lock them up. Pena Nieto is using the arrest of the man they once signaled as the future of the party as a sign that the PRI will not tolerate corruption.
And Duarte is just one such test facing Pena Nieto. Another PRI governor from the class of 2010 wanted on corruption charges, Cesar Duarte of Chihuahua, no relation, is considered a fugitive and believed to be living in El Paso, Texas. And former PRI Gov. Tomas Yarrington of Tamaulipas state was arrested in Italy on April 9.
On Monday, Pena Nieto said the arrests of Duarte and Yarrington were a “firm and overwhelming message from the Mexican state against impunity.”
But Olvera is not counting on any resolution of Javier Duarte's case soon.
“The most likely thing is that … Duarte's trial happens after the 2018 election,” they said.
__
Perez contributed from Guatemala.
TRENTON, N.J. (AP) - A labor union representing about 35,000 New Jersey state workers have reached a contract with the state including a pair of 2 percent raises, but the Murphy administration isn't yet discussing any of the terms of the deal or what the agreement will cost the state.
The only information about the April 4 deal so far has come from the Communication Workers of America in New Jersey, which last week posted some details online of their tentative 2015-2019 agreement.
Besides the wage hikes, the deal with Democratic Gov. Phil Murphy allows workers to recoup step increases that former Republican Gov. Chris Christie discontinued.
It also would spare workers retroactive increases in health insurance premiums, the union said. Those costs went up as part of Christie's 2011 landmark pension overhaul.
"We achieved our goals," the union said in a statement.
The Murphy administration has declined to comment on what is in the contract and its cost until after workers approve the deal, said Murphy spokesperson Dan Bryan on Monday.
Murphy took office this year with help from organized labor, including the CWA. The union contributed $275,000 to a political action committee that spent money on ads attacking their GOP rival, Lt. Gov. Kim Guadagno, as well as nearly $500,000 to county Democratic Party organizations that traditionally help get out the vote.
The previous contract expired under Christie, who famously clashed with organized labor and pushed public workers for givebacks as a way to shore up the state's underfunded pension system.
Murphy has promised a new, friendlier posture toward labor in the state and has called for an end to "bluster" and name calling.
"We will rebuild this state on the shoulders of our union brothers and sisters," they told lawmakers in their budget address this year.
Republican state Sen. Declan O'Scanlon, who sits on the budget committee, said he's most concerned that they have not heard the governor talk about broader health benefit reforms.
"The red flag is not the terms of the agreement," they said. "The red flag is the dog that didn't bark."
Democratic state Sen. Paul Sarlo, who chairs the budget committee, said he's unsure what the cost estimates are but assumes the administration has investigated that. They said that the 2 percent raises are in line with what most towns and cities have been giving to their workers.
"I think that's reasonable," they said.
Murphy's $37.4 billion fiscal year 2019 budget calls for setting aside more than $63 million for salary increases for state workers, most of whom are represented by unions. It's unclear whether that amount reflects the administration's assumption that a deal would be reached with the CWA. A Treasury spokesperson did not immediately return a message seeking clarity.
Murphy's spending proposal for salary increases is actually less than what Christie sought for the current fiscal year budget, which called for more than $85 million for salary increases.
Rebecca Kolins Givan, an associate professor at Rutgers who specializes in labor, said it's not unusual for government to wait until a contract is ratified before opening up about the cost.
Negotiations on a new contract are set to start next month, since the tentative deal would end the middle of next year.
The union-covered workers perform a variety of services for the state, including working at executive departments that oversee state programs.
___
This story was corrected to fix the first name of the governor to Phil, instead of Tom.
Port Colborne residents Nancy and Dave Salvage are being recognized once again for their volunteer efforts.
The pair recently received the Award of Excellence from the Regional Association of Volunteer Administrators and at Port Colborne council Monday night were honoured once again for their efforts.
For Canada's 150th, Molson Canadian is recognizing volunteers across the country.
“Molson Canadian looks at those who stand for great Canadian character, including connection to our community, breaking down borders and bringing people together,” Dave Zezella, South Niagara's sale's representative for Molson Coors, told council during their presentation.
They said those recognized exhibit a “joie de vivre” and leave things better than when they found them.
The Salvages, for doing this within the Port Colborne community and Niagara, received commemorative wooden crates. In the crate were Molson Canadian stubbies and a pair of glasses.
The Salvages said they were grateful and honoured to be recognized. Dave in particular made note they were accepting these on behalf of all the volunteers who contribute to the community.
“Volunteers don't do it for recognition. We do it for the community,” they added.
Nancy encouraged anyone thinking of volunteering to do it. They said volunteering is a lot of fun and you learn so much about yourself, your capabilities and how your skill sets might be useful.
The couple has volunteered together for about 15 years. They help out with city events such as Canal Days, organize events such as the annual Port Colborne Terry Fox Run and help out with programs such as the Fresh Air Fund.
lbarton@postmedia,com
Twitter: @LBartonTribune
After a record-setting turnout at this year's USA Trade Tasting (USATT) event, the excitement is already starting to build for next year's USATT event, which will take place on May 13-14, 2019 in New York City. Pre-registration for USATT 2019 is now open, but places are filling up fast.
In 2019, expect even more exhibitors, more participants and even more innovation from Beverage Trade Network, the organizers of USATT 2019. The hallmark of each USA Trade Tasting show is the breadth and scope of the exhibitors. It is truly a global show, with exhibitors from North America, South America, Europe, Asia and Australia, all showcasing their newest product offerings in a variety of different categories.
Who should attend USATT 2019?
The real excitement of the USATT happens on the trade show floor of the Metropolitan Pavilion in New York, and you won't want to miss this unique opportunity to get in front of new customers and new partners. Next year, the Grand Tasting Hall component of the USATT event will be even bigger, giving wineries, distilleries, and suppliers an expanded platform to showcase new wines and spirits.
For two days, participants will have a chance to spend time on the trade show floor with top industry players, meeting face-to-face with both buyers and sellers in New York City. USATT exhibitors include wineries, distilleries, importers looking to diversify their portfolio, retailers, and brokers who are looking to meet new growers and producers. There are plenty of opportunities to get in front of all of them at USATT 2019 and increase your footprint within the all-important U.S. wine & spirits marketplace.
What to expect at next year's USATT event?
For exhibitors, one key reason to register for the USATT 2019 event is to get access to top industry participants looking to expand or diversify within the U.S. market. Participants that you will be meeting on the tasting floor are looking for what's next in the U.S. wine & spirits market. That is one big reason for the phenomenal success of the USATT show over the past two years – it has established itself as the place where new trends start, and where buyers can get ahead of the competition.
The setting of the event, in the very center of New York City, is the perfect place to connect with potential partners, suppliers and brokers. There are plenty of opportunities to network with other top professionals throughout the two-day event. In coordination with USATT, a separate two-day ABID business conference will take place, where participants can learn more about best-in-class practices and key industry benchmarks.
Pre-register now for USATT 2019
So take advantage of this early opportunity to register for USATT 2019 as a visitor! By participating at this high-profile event in New York City in May 2019, you will walk away with the connections and relationships needed to become profitable in the competitive U.S. wine and spirits marketplace for years to come. Register here. ** https://www.eventbrite.com/e/2019-usa-trade-tasting-visitor-registration-portal-registration-46752442815?aff=press **
Mazda Australia says it has no plans to change its current warranty program, despite most of its rivals offering far more generous after-sales care.
The brand has a relatively meagre three- year, unlimited-kilometre warranty on its vehicles, with the BT-50 dual cab having an even shorter two years of coverage.
The deal does include a lifetime capped- price servicing plan with intervals of 12 months or 10,000km, whichever comes first.
But it pales in comparison to most other brands.
Kia leads the way with a seven-year program, while many others offer five years. Earlier this month Ford announced a five-year, unlimited-kilometre deal which includes its Ranger and Transit commercial vehicles.
However, Mazda Australia managing director Vinesh Bhindi said the brand wasn't feeling the pressure to fall in line with its competitors.
Speaking at the launch of the updated Mazda6 in Ballarat, Bhindi said Mazda Australia was offering the best deal it could, but added it didn't need to use after-sales programs as a means of wooing buyers to the brand.
“We offer the warranty offered to us by the factory,” they said.
“Others may use it as a tactical exercise to improve their brand and their position, but it's not our intention to move from three years and unlimited- kilometre warranty.
Bhindi said there had been no feedback from dealers or customers wanting a longer deal.
“When we ask our customers, warranty is not at their top of the list when they're considering our brand,” they said.
Home is one of the great environments where the peace and calm have surrounded inhabitants mind. So, it is the excellent option that one can get the home service of the medical profession and caretaker at their home. Every aging and other ill person does not take full interest to hospitalize in the nursing home and medical center. As soon as any person faces the severe illness issue, they think the great option to get the proper care with primary aids. Leaving own building is the tough emotional decision for getting the cure to stretch the quality lifetime and excitement. Nobody can give the surety that they can get the incredible patient care facility with comfort and accurate medicine dosage.
Every country has been blessed with the various nursing care center. But, it is very hard to determine this fact that which service has been providing A-grade healthcare service. Do not stand in the pool of confusion and take the reliable Home-based care from the prestigious company. If you are feeling some difficulty in finding out the authenticated company, then you would have to carry on the profound discovery on the web ocean, the name of various companies will be outlined. However, it is not easy to select the single company name.
It is useless to say that the home-based care is effective for the look after their old family member only. The cute child can be the victim of this event as the bread earner cannot devote their maximum time for the look after of their child. Take the personal inquiry for the work of Disability care at home to those customers who have already taken this service. When you are looking for this option, the name of caring approach comes on the top list.
Their Aged care at home is performing the great service from other competitors. Instead of going somewhere else, it is advised to tune up with us. To know more information, you have to browse our web portal.
Visit @ http://www.caringapproach.com.au/services.php
OTTAWA - A parliamentary committee studying Canada's slumping media industry will reportedly call for a five per cent tax on broadband Internet services to boost a sector struggling to adapt to technological changes and evolving consumer habits.
The Globe and Mail, citing Liberal and opposition sources, says the new levy is at the core of a majority report of the Canadian Heritage Committee to be released on Thursday.
A parliamentary committee studying Canada's slumping media industry will reportedly call for a five per cent tax on broadband Internet services to boost a sector struggling to adapt to technological changes and evolving consumer habits. Function lights are illuminated on a modem in Chelsea, Que., July 11, 2011. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Adrian Wyld
The sources spoke on condition of anonymity as the report is not yet public.
They said the proposal would add hundreds of millions of dollars in revenues to the Canadian Media Fund, which already receives a levy on cable bills to finance the production of Canadian content.
Under the new proposal, say the sources, an additional tax would be levied on broadband Internet providers and would ideally apply to high-speed Internet services that allow for the streaming of music, movies and TV shows, but not to slower and less costly services.
One source told the newspaper that revenue generated by the current cable levy is no longer sufficient in an age of cord cutting and “over-the-top” services that stream content over the Internet.
The Heritage committee has spent more than a year studying the industry, which has been steadily losing advertising revenue and market shares to online giants such as Facebook, Netflix and Google.
The Sources said while MPs of all stripes acknowledge the shaky state of the media in Canada, they disagreed on solutions, with the Conservatives refusing to sign on to the majority report.
Liberal MP Hedy Fry, who is chairperson of the Heritage committee, refused to comment on the content of the report on Wednesday, stating only that it will be "interesting."
Three men armed with guns abducted an unidentified couple early Tuesday morning, forcing them to drive to several locations for money and eventually shooting the man in the leg, Fort Worth police say.
The suspects are still at large, and police say they are actively looking for them.
The kidnapping report came in before 1 a.m. at 7451 McCart Avenue, the address of a Walmart store.
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
"A male and female were abducted by three black males (who) forced the victims to drive to several locations for money," police spokesperson Jimmy Pollozani said.
The female victim was able to escape in a nearby store, Pollozani said. They did not say where the store was.
Soon afterward, the male escaped at a nearby location Pollozani did not identify but was shot in the leg as they got away. Their condition is unknown.
Police did not identify the victims.
SHARE COPY LINK These are the missing children from the Fort Worth area, as listed on the website for the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children. This video starts with the children reported missing in 2017, followed by all of the currently missing or Lena Blietzlblietz@star-telegram.com
SHARE COPY LINK The Shasta County Sheriff's Office on Tuesday released surveillance camera video taken at a Yolo County church Thanksgiving morning showing Sherri Papini after they reappeared after going missing for 22 days. McClatchyThe Shasta County Sheriff's Office edited by Ryan Sabalow/Sacramento Bee
The Rangers put 3,500 tickets on sale to an NHL draft party they are having at the Theater at Madison Square Garden on Friday, June 22, the night of the draft's first round. They announced the party on Twitter Wednesday afternoon and the tickets sold out in two hours.
Ranger prospects Lias Andersson, Filip Chytil, Brett Howden, Libor Hajek and Ryan Lindgren will be present, interacting with the fans at the party. Andersson and Chytil were the team's two first-round picks last year and Howden, Hajek and Lindgren are prospects the team acquired in various trades at last season's deadline.
The Rangers have three picks in the first round, Nos. 9, 26 and 28. The rest of the draft will take place June 23.
How to better attract visitors to Joplin will be one topic discussed during tonight's City Council meeting. Results of a tourism study that started several months ago will be presented to City Council members.
The head of Joplin's Convention and Visitors Bureau says growth in tourism has stalled, and there needs to be some sort of Joplin "destination". One concept in the study, done by an outside firm, is a new conference center. Joplin doesn't have one after a recent closing.
"You could do break out sessions or meetings or even have space for some of the trade show stuff we have here that come to town," says CVB Director Patrick Tuttle. "Then you have a hotel that is moderately sized next to it, and that would push business out into the other hotels, as well. So never would this one hotel satisfy the needs for the entire conference center."
The is the first such market analysis on the tourism bureau throughout its 30 year history.
"We've been relying on things that have just fallen on our lap, basically. We have the highways. We have the good businesses in town. We have great hospitality in town," says Tuttle. "What can we as a community, we as a City, we as an industry, do what's going to be a changer? That puts a different mark on the map? We've got to go to Joplin because of...why?"
"The next phase is hopefully Council hands it off to the CVB Advisory Board and they'll start working with it. As they get together and get some priorities together, then we'll pull in the Lodging Association, Joplin Sports Authority, Parks, Downtown Joplin, other stakeholders that have skin in the game," says Tuttle.
× Flag Store in the Poconos Gets Patriotic on Flag Day
CHESTNUTHILL TOWNSHIP — Outside The Flag Store near Brodheadsville, Bob Smith from Kresgeville was picking up a batch of American flags from the disposal box.
It's a tradition for them every year on Flag Day.
“The American Legion in Pocono Pines has a flag ceremony every Flag Day and we in the Submarine Veterans, we meet there and we assist in collecting flags and have a joint ceremony,” said Bob Smith, Kresgeville.
Smith says the flags taken out of this drop box will be respectfully disposed of during the ceremony.
They say it's important to pay tribute to the stars and stripes.
“It honors our flag which stands for everything we stand for. It's a symbol, but a very sacred symbol to most of us,” said Smith.
Inside The Flag Store, plenty of patriotic flags adorn the walls.
“We have military, U.S., country flags, decorative flags, so many things,” said Suzie Catalano, The Flag Store administrative assistant.
Surprisingly, a lot of customers do come to The Flag Store on Flag Day, to buy an American Flag and the nice part, they are all made in the U.S.
“They are made by Annin Corporation, the oldest flag maker in the country. We really are an area premier dealer of their product. It's superior in every way, shape, and form. Embroidered stars, 13 stripes, they really do take their time to do it,” said Catalano.
The Flag Store is a flag drop-off site. Anyone who wishes to drop off the flag can do so. It will later be properly disposed of.
A group of truck-driving good Samaritans answered a call to help save a man threatening to commit suicide by jumping off a freeway overpass on Tuesday.
Michigan State Police and local officials rounded up a group of 13 semitruck drivers to form a line below a bridge over a Detroit freeway — Interstate 696 — to significantly shorten the fall of the unnamed man if they had leaped.
They were first reported standing on the edge of the bridge above oncoming traffic just before 1 a.m., Lt. Mike Shaw, a Michigan State Police spokesperson, told NPR.
Officers responded by closing down traffic across all six lanes heading in both directions.
"It's the first step in potential jumper situations," Shaw said, explaining that it helps calm down suicidal people, keeps cars driving below from crashing into each other and eliminates the possibility of anyone encouraging an unstable person to jump.
Next, troopers began sending semitruck drivers on a detour that re-routed them to end up below the overpass.
According to Shaw, that is standard protocol.
"It provides a safety net for the person in case they happen to lose their grip and fall or if they decide to jump," Shaw said. "With the trucks lined up underneath they're only falling about five to six feet as opposed 15 or 16."
After about two hours of engaging with officials the distressed man willingly backed off the edge and is receiving help, Shaw said.
"He was looking to take their own life but we were able to talk to them and find out what their specific trigger was and helped correct it," Shaw said.
In all, the ordeal lasted about three hours.
State police authorities posted a photo of the "truck wall" on Twitter using it as an opportunity to remind the public of help available 24 hours a day to anyone thinking about suicide.
"In that photo is a man struggling with the decision to take their own life. Please remember help is available through the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline at 1-800-273-8255," it read.
Twitter Users Defend Jim Carrey's Sarah Huckabee Sanders Portrait On Saturday, Carrey tweeted a portrait of the White House Press Secretary, calling them "monstrous." Jim Carrey, via Twitter Some reports claim
White South African farmers would be a better fit for Australia than Myanmar's persecuted Rohingya ethnic minority, a senator claims.
Liberal Democrats Senator David Leyonhjelm was responding to questions on Home Affairs Minister Peter Dutton's call for fast-tracked visa assistance for white South African farmers who they claims are facing persecution.
"Whether they're black, white or brindle, that makes them refugees," the NSW Senator told reporters in Canberra on Tuesday.
"They would get jobs, pay taxes, contribute to society far more than, for example, Rohingya would."
Their remarks come the day after Myanmar's leader Aung San Suu Kyi discussed solutions to the ongoing humanitarian crisis engulfing the Rohingya ethnic minority in their country with Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull at Parliament House.
Hundreds of thousands of Rohingya have fled targeted violence in Myanmar, crossing the border into Bangladesh.
Senator Leyonhjelm claimed Australians worried about "assimilation and integration" and had "a soft spot for farmers".
Whether they came as skilled migrants or on humanitarian visas, white South Africans "would integrate far more easily," they said.
"There's a good chance if it keeps going the way it's going at the moment there will be white refugee farmers from South Africa."
Australian Greens immigration spokesperson Nick McKim said Senator Leyonhjelm's comments were racist.
"Discriminating against and making generalisations about people based on their ethnic background is racism, pure and simple," the Tasmanian said.
"You'd expect someone who calls themselves a libertarian to welcome more freedom of movement, especially for those fleeing persecution, without showing bias towards certain skin colours and ethnicities."
Labor immigration spokesperson Shayne Neumann said Australia's non-discriminatory migration program was vital to its vibrant multiculturalism.
"If people are facing persecution, regardless of where they are from or the colour of their skin, they are able to apply to Australia's humanitarian visa program which will be assessed on its merits," they told AAP.
The question of special treatment for white South African farmers first flared up when Mr Dutton said they "deserve special attention" for facing "horrific circumstances" last week.
South Africa is seeking changes that would allow the appropriation, without compensation, of farms for redistribution to black South Africans.
The policy has led to media reports that white South African farmers are being targeted by violence and are experiencing higher murder rates.
Mr Dutton's comments earned a sharp rebuke from the South African government.
They have also polarised the party room - with conservative Tony Abbot arguing for the proposal and senior figures Julie Bishop and Mathias Cormann arguing against.
A convenience store in New Mexico has faced growing calls to take down controversial window signs that target US President Barack Obama, Muslims, Hillary Clinton and Colin Kaepernick.
The Mayhill Convenience Store has reportedly displayed these signs for years and has even sold them to customers.
One of the signs reads “Kill Obama” and another says “Obama & Muslims not welcome here.” The posters also include racially-tinged epithets with one reading “2012 No Re-nig.”
Marlon McWilliams, the former store employee, told KOB 4 that the signs have been there for a long time. They added that the owner also sells toilet paper with Obama's face on it.
Another sign aimed at NFL player Colin Kaepernick, who protested at police brutality against black people, called them an “overpaid half-breed” and asked them to go back to Africa.
“If you go in there and offend him, you can't go back again. They turn a lot of people away,” McWilliams added. Some of the signs, including the ones that said “all lives natter”, were offensive and no longer went into the shop.
Social media users have been criticising the racist posters but no one has made a complaint. Community members have urged others to write negative reviews for the store.
The store is up for sale at over $350,000.
One Facebook user wrote a review for the store's Facebook page saying that the owner does not have the right to discriminate against people in the name of free speech.
The Council on American-Islamic Relations (CAIR), the largest Muslim civil rights advocacy group, issued a statement on Saturday based on the offensive signs. “While everyone has the right to free speech, we urge the store's owner to remove the sign in the interest of our nation's unity at a time of increasing divisions,” said Ibrahim Hooper, national communications director of CAIR.
CAIR added that there were more than 900 anti-Muslim incidents in the month after Donald Trump was elected, including Muslim women being targeted and mosques being threatened.
By The Associated Press
Your daily look at late-breaking news, upcoming events and the stories that will be talked about today:
1. AFTER ATTACK ON LAWMAKERS, REFLECTION
Members of Congress call for a new dialogue on lowering the partisan temperature, and Trump urges Americans to come together, but the bitter national divide could resurface soon.
2. LONDON INFERNO EXTINGUISHED; DEATH TOLL RISES TO 17
Fire officials say authorities don't know how many people died in the high-rise apartment building and that firefighters have been traumatized by the inability to save more people.
3. EX-VA EXEC SAYS They AreN'T TOLD HOSPITAL COST
Glenn Haggstrom tells AP they were never alerted that cost overruns at a Colorado VA medical center ballooned to $1.7 billion, blaming widespread failures within the agency.
4. MANY THINK TRUMP MEDDLED IN RUSSIA PROBE
A new AP-NORC poll shows a majority of Americans believe the president tried to interfere with the investigation into Moscow's alleged election meddling and possible Trump campaign collusion.
5. TENSIONS RISE AS VERDICT ELUDES COSBY JURY
Some jurors appeared angry, the judge sounded exasperated and accuser Andrea Constand's mother broke down in tears as deliberations continue into a fourth day.
6. WHAT PRECEDED SAN FRANCISCO UPS SHOOTING
A United Parcel Service driver who opened fire during a meeting with co-workers had filed a grievance that they were working excessive overtime and appeared to target victims.
7. GOV'T REPORT: HEALTH CARE DEDUCTIBLES, CO-PAYS HIGHER UNDER GOP BILL
The non-partisan Office of the Actuary finds that out-of-pocket costs would average 61 percent higher under the House Republican health care bill.
8. SOMALI WITNESSES RECOUNT RESTAURANT SIEGE
Survivors hid under tables and curtains as Al-Shabab Islamic extremists continued firing in a pizza restaurant in Mogadishu and hunted for patrons, killing at least 17.
9. SEALING THE ‘ART OF THE DEAL'
Dennis Rodman gives North Korea's sports minister a copy of Trump's bestselling book, hoping it will end up in Kim Jong-un's hands.
10. WHO LIKELY WON'T WIN AT ERIN HILLS
It's been 84 years since an amateur won the U.S. Open, and the outlook is bleak for the 14 amateurs in the field on the tough Wisconsin golf course.
MONDAY, March 19, 2018 (HealthDay News) -- Young children who sustain a severe head injury may struggle with attention problems as they grow older, researchers say.
A new study reports that kids who sustained a severe traumatic brain injury around ages 3 to 7 are three and a half times more likely to develop attention deficit hyperactivity disorder by the time they enter middle school.
"Those kids had a risk of developing attention problems later on in their recovery," said lead researcher Megan Narad.
"By that point, I think a lot of people consider these kids recovered from their injury, but really there's a chance they could be developing some new problems later on," said Narad, a psychology fellow at Cincinnati Children's Hospital.
Prior research has shown that kids with severe head injuries are more likely to have attention problems following their injury. In fact, ADHD is the most common psychiatric disorder among children with a history of serious brain injury.
But up to now, the longest-term studies have only followed children for around two years. This study tracked 81 brain-injured kids an average of seven years, "when they're getting ready to go to middle school and are considered to have recovered from their injury," Narad said.
These young kids had not suffered simple concussions, which are the most common form of traumatic brain injury, Narad said. To be in the study, they had to have a brain injury more severe than a concussion, one that prompted at least one night spent in the hospital.
Researchers followed up with the youngsters to see if they developed symptoms of ADHD by the time they entered middle school. The investigators also compared them with a control group of 106 children who'd been hospitalized around the same time for an orthopedic injury.
Kids with ADHD display an ongoing pattern of inattention and/or hyperactivity that interferes with functioning and social relationships. They may also act impulsively. In the United States, it's estimated that 8 percent of children have ADHD, the researchers noted.
Out of the total 187 kids followed in this study, 48 -- more than one-quarter -- were diagnosed by researchers as having ADHD, the study said.
Children who had sustained the most severe traumatic brain injuries were 3.6 times more likely to develop ADHD, compared with the control group, results showed.
On the other hand, kids with mild or moderate brain injury did not differ significantly from the control group.
The study shows that doctors, parents and educators need to keep a close watch on kids who suffered a severe head injury early in childhood, even years after the injury, said Dr. Jamie Ullman, director of neurotrauma at North Shore University Hospital in Manhasset, N.Y.
"Follow-up after significant TBI (traumatic brain injury) is essential and attention must be paid to TBI's effects on executive functioning and attention, which can significantly impact a child's future, Ullman said. Executive functioning refers to self-control and the ability to set and achieve goals.
It's not surprising that a severe brain injury could cause ADHD, said another specialist.
"The brain is a fragile and delicate organ," said Dr. Victor Fornari, director of child and adolescent psychiatry at Zucker Hillside Hospital in Glen Oaks, N.Y.
"With sufficient injury, the central nervous system, and the brain in particular, may not function as well as before," Fornari added.
But it's still not clear whether the ADHD is there from the time of the head injury or whether it develops over time, Narad said.
It could be that the injured preschoolers had not yet been put into a situation that would highlight their ADHD, Narad said. Middle school requires much more attention and greater organizational skills from kids.
Narad added that parents of kids playing contact sports should not necessarily draw any conclusions from this study.
"We know that concussion recovery is very different than the more severe brain injury recovery," Narad said. "There are some kids who experience a concussion who have some attention problems. Those can resolve, and sometimes they might persist for a little longer. But the risk as not as great as with these more severe injuries."
The new study appears March 19 in JAMA Pediatrics.
More information
The American Academy of Family Physicians has more about traumatic brain injury.
SOURCES: Megan Narad, Ph.D., psychology fellow, Cincinnati Children's Hospital, Ohio; Jamie Ullman, M.D., director, neurotrauma, North Shore University Hospital, Manhasset, N.Y.; Victor Fornari, M.D., director, child and adolescent psychiatry, Zucker Hillside Hospital, Glen Oaks, N.Y., and Cohen Children's Medical Center, New Hyde Park, N.Y.; March 19, 2018, JAMA Pediatrics Copyright © 2018 HealthDay. All rights reserved.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Outside of hurricane-hit areas, plenty of Americans found work. The number of people describing themselves as unemployed fell to 6.8 million, the fewest since March 2007, before the Great Recession began. That sign of health makes it appear all but certain that the Federal Reserve will raise its benchmark short-term interest rate in December. According to data from the CME Group, investors now foresee a 93 percent chance of a Fed rate hike then.
Uh-Oh!
It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information.
If you used an Optimum login, click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account.
If you used a Newsday login, it looks like it's not connected to an active subscriber account. To verify your subscription information, click the Connect Account button.
Otherwise, click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account.
Neighbors in southwest Oklahoma City are on alert after they said several cars were broken into this week.
A resident caught suspicious activity on their surveillance cameras and reported it to the Oklahoma City Police Department. Kenneth Melton's video footage shows someone walking up their driveway and grabbing the handle of the SUV's front passenger door.
“I mean, if you're walking up trying a door on a vehicle,” Melton said, "you're trying to get something out of it and it's not yours."
Melton said they could see the person go for the vehicle at the neighbor's across the street next. When investigators responded, they dusted Milton's door handle. But according to the police report, they weren't able to pull any latent prints. Milton learned there were other vehicles reportedly hit in the area through their neighborhood watch group. It's a place online where hundreds of residents keep each other informed.
Johnny Jones posted their truck was broken into that same night.
“Somebody had gotten into my vehicle and trashed through everything,” Jones told News 9.
Strangely enough, they said pocket change was all they took. But still, they hope the person responsible is identified.
“If you do something like that,” Jones said, "you pay the price. They'll catch you sooner or later.”
Anyone with information should contact Oklahoma City Crimestoppers (405) 235-7300.
11:47 SC Rep. Joseph Neal argues for removing the Confederate battle flag from State House grounds Pause
0:54 South Carolina baseball preview: 3 storylines for 2017
1:23 A look inside Chad Holbrook's old lake front house
0:59 VC Summer Nuclear Generating Station tour of the new reactors being built
1:08 President Trump nominates Neil Gorsuch for SCOTUS justice
1:28 Richland deputies aim to mend relationships
1:00 Attorney on possible illegal immigration enforcement activity in Beaufort County
2:05 USC students and homeowners share neighborhoods in 2015
1:41 SC pension overhaul makes progress as bill moves forward
CHARLOTTESVILLE, Va. (AP) — The driver charged with killing a woman at a white nationalist rally in Charlottesville was previously accused of beating their mother and threatening them with a knife, according to police records released Monday.
Samantha Bloom, who is disabled and uses a wheelchair, repeatedly called police about their son, James Alex Fields Jr., in 2010 and 2011, telling officers they were on medication to control their temper, transcripts from 911 calls show.
Fields, 20, is accused of ramming their car into a crowd of counter-protesters on Saturday in Charlottesville, killing 32-year-old Heather Heyer.
Fields, described by a former high school teacher as an admirer of Adolf Hitler and Nazi Germany, was charged with second-degree murder.
A judge denied them bail Monday after the public defender's office said it couldn't represent them because a relative of someone in the office was injured in Saturday's protest.
Fields was assigned a local attorney, and another hearing was set for Aug. 25.
Records show that Fields was arrested and put in juvenile detention after their mother reported in 2011 that they stood behind them wielding a 12-inch knife.
In another incident in 2010, they said their son smacked them in the head and locked them in the bathroom after they told them to stop playing video games. There was no indication in the records that they were arrested.
Also Monday, a former classmate told The Associated Press that on a school trip to Europe in 2015, a teenage Fields couldn't stand the French and said they only went on the trip so that they could visit “the Fatherland” — Germany.
“He just really laid on about the French being lower than us and inferior to us,” said Keegan McGrath.
McGrath, now 18, said they challenged Fields on their beliefs, and the animosity between them grew so heated that it came to a boil at dinner on their second day. They said they went home after three or four days because they couldn't handle being in a room with Fields.
The incident shocked McGrath because they had been in German class with Fields for two unremarkable years.
“He was just a normal dude” most of the time, though they occasionally made “dark” jokes that put their class on edge, including one “offhand joke” about the Holocaust, McGrath said.
McGrath said Fields was no outcast: “He had friends. They had people who would chat with him.”
Meanwhile, under pressure to speak out more forcefully, President Donald Trump condemned Ku Klux Klan members, neo-Nazis and white supremacists who take part in violence as “criminals and thugs” and declared that “racism is evil.”
Trump's initial failure on Saturday to denounce the groups by name, and their blaming of the violence on “many sides,” prompted criticism from fellow Republicans as well as Democrats.
A teacher who taught Fields in high school said Sunday that Fields was fascinated with Nazism, idolized Hitler, and had been singled out in the ninth grade by officials at Randall K. Cooper High School in Union, Kentucky, for their “deeply held, radical” convictions on race.
Fields also confided that they had been diagnosed with schizophrenia when they were younger and had been prescribed an anti-psychotic medication, according to the teacher, Derek Weimer.
Fields later enlisted in the Army and reported for basic training in 2015 but was released from active duty four months later because of what military described only as “a failure to meet training standards.”
The violence in Charlottesville also was blamed for the deaths of two Virginia State Police officers in a helicopter crash.
Fields had been photographed hours before the attack with a shield bearing the emblem of Vanguard America, one of the hate groups that took part in the protest against the removal of a statue of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee. The group on Sunday denied any association with Fields.
____
Associated Press writer Brian Witte in Annapolis, Maryland, contributed to this report.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
John E Dunn has edited and written for numerous tech titles, including Techworld, Computerworld UK, Network Week, Network World, LAN Magazine, Personal Computer Magazine, start-up title Tornado-Insider Magazine, as well as churning out pessimistic blogs, freelance articles, and making glum appearances on BBC TV/Radio, and CBC Canada.
Sindh Chief Minister Murad Ali Shah expressed reservations over the federal government's attitude over the National Action Plan, as they chaired the 18th Apex Committee meeting on Monday.
During the meeting, 62 banned organisations were added to the first schedule. A petition asking for 94 seminaries to be added to the first schedule was submitted to the Interior Ministry, a statement released after the meeting said.
Over 92,646 Afghans were registered in Sindh, the statement added.
The Chief Minister said that NACTA was not performing its duties and members from banned outfits were holding public meetings. They said that the Sindh government will write a letter to the Interior Ministry over illegal ammunition factories.
Addressing the media after the 18th meeting of Apex Committee, they censured the federal government as several banned terror outfits are holding their congregations but the government is not heeding them.
“Do these proscribed organisations enjoy the patronising by the government?” they raised questions asking, “Where is the federal interior minister?”
“Federal government did nothing in connection with the reforms of seminaries,” they remarked.
“No clear-cut policy is being framed in this connection,” they added.
“The federal government has no clear policy with regard to banned militants,” Chandio said.
“The federal government has also not fulfilled its role with regard to madrassahs,” they added.
The provincial apex committee meeting was called by Sindh CM Murad Ali Shah. The meeting focused on the overall situation of law and order in the city as well as the ongoing Karachi operation.According to Advisor to Chief Minister Maula Bakhsh Chandio, who spoke to the media after the meeting, the members of the meeting agreed that the federal government did not have a clear policy over banned organisations.
They said that the federal government had not done much for seminary reforms in the province. “Sindh does not have weapons, weapons are manufactured elsewhere,” they said.
During the meeting reservations were also expressed over a raid by Sindh Rangers at Asif Ali Zardari's close aide Anwar Majeed's offices.
Sindh Police IG A D Khawaja, Corps Commander Karachi Lieutenant General Shahid Baig and Director General Sindh Rangers Major General Mohammad Saeed also attended the meeting. The Sindh Police IG has returned from forced leave after the Sindh High Court stayed orders for their removal.
The meeting also deliberated that the federal government should crack down on illegal factories which were manufacturing arms and shut them down. The Chief Minister also expressed concern at the rising street crimes in the city and urged IG Sindh to take actions to prevent the spread of street crimes.
“I want a street-crime free Karachi,” instructed Murad Ali Shah to IG Sindh.
During the meeting, Murad Ali Shah also told IG Sindh that under no circumstances would the rising number of incidences pertaining to motorcycle theft be tolerated.
“Street criminals commit crimes and then seek refuge in Katchi abadis,” they said. “Intelligence-based operations should be increased,” they instructed IG Sindh.Senior ministers including Nisar Khuhro and Murtaza Wahab also attended the session.
Responding to Chandio, Pakistan Muslim League-Nawaz leader Talal Chaudhry said that the federal government is giving Karachi law and order, water and a motorway. “In seven years the PPP turned Karachi into ancient civilization Mohenjo Daro,” they said.
The Crew was an ambitious game when it launched in 2014: an always online racer that left players to freely roam five regions of America as they pleased. Whether in single player or competing other online players, it was a racer unlike any other.
The Crew 2 takes that blueprint and goes to town with it, introducing boats, planes and off-road vehicles into the mix. The map and concept are ultimately similar, offering locations across America which can be selected from the map and explored casually, or with other players where races and missions become available.
It's possible to switch between these three vehicle types at any point you please in The Crew 2. And we do mean at any point, as we transformed our plane into a car 1,000 feet up in the air and watched it plummet onto a bridge with hilarious results.
The introduction of these different vehicles makes the The Crew 2 play really differently to the original. Boats go faster when pulling down on the left control stick, offer boost that's integral to use when in a race, and steer rather differently to cars.
Planes are a whole other aspect to master. Pull of loop the loops and barrel rolls as you please, fly through towns and cities at low altitude, even pull of sideways stunts to skim between tight spots and buildings. It's a much tougher mechanic to master.
We played an off-road player vs player race, which was set against the clock. Within the landscape there were jumps and all manner of routes - it's down to the player to pick what they think will be quickest, to beat their opponent.
Points awarded mean prizes, with vehicles available for purchase. We had a pre-assigned sum to spend on a street racing car in the demo, a rather delicious looking Porsche 911 in luminescent orange.
Of all the demos that Ubisoft presented at E3 2017, we thought the Inception-style "folding of worlds" looked staggering. But that's not solely in the trailer: certain race modes require you to go from car to boat to plane, the fluid transition between each showing the world beyond literally folding over like a book to open your onward path. It's a very cool effect.
If you were into the original game then The Crew 2 makes perfect sense as that upgrade. There's a lot more to master on the vehicles front and a lot of laughs to be hand on the way if our 20 minute demo was anything to go by. The main question is whether after 20 hours of play the game will continue to engage players or not - which was a criticism of the original.
The Crew 2 will be released on PS4, Xbox One and PC in early 2018. You can sign up for an early access beta right now.
Milan, Turin and Cortina d'Ampezzo have all submitted feasibility studies to the Italian National Olympic Committee (CONI) as an increasingly important process to decide the country's bid for the 2026 Winter Olympic and Paralympic Games intensifies.
The three separate bids will all now be studied by the National Olympic Committee in consultation with Government representatives before a decision is due to be made on July 10 over which one to formally propose.
There appears no chance of any of the cities joining forces after each proposed entirely separate bids.
This includes a Milan effort - considered the favourite by many - which suggests hosting sliding events over the Swiss border in St Moritz.
Milan Mayor Giuseppe Sala travelled to Rome to present the studies along with Turin counterpart Chiara Appendino and Luca Zaia, the President of Veneto and political leader of the Cortina bid.
Sion's withdrawal following a failed referendum last month and the growing likelihood of similar ballots being held in Graz and Calgary means that the Italian attempt will be viewed with increasing significance by the IOC.
This is despite the volatility of failed bids from Rome for the 2020 and 2024 Summer Olympic contests, which collapsed after CONI insisting they would not.
The San Siro has been proposed as part of the Milan bid ©Wikipedia
"The Italian National Olympic Committee today received, by certified mail and by the deadlines established, the feasibility studies relative to the application for the 2026 Winter Olympic and Paralympic Games of the cities of Cortina, Milan and Turin," CONI confirmed.
"These documents will be brought to the attention of the National Council for the subsequent fulfillments relative to the IOC (International Olympic Committee) rules and the Olympic Charter."
Milan, which has never hosted an Olympics before, has proposed hosting Alpine and Nordic skiing events 140 kilometres to the north of the city in Valtellina.
This means that, along with St Moritz, there would be three separate Athletes' Villages.
Opening and Closing Ceremonies would be held in the San Siro Stadium which houses the AC Milan and Inter Milan football teams while a former railway station at Porta Romana will be re-developed into the city centre Village site, with capacity for 1,800 residents.
It is unclear so far whether the St Moritz plan has the support of Swiss authorities, but this appears far from certain given the failure of every Winter Olympic bid from that country to gain public support in recent years.
Turin would hope to replicate many of the venues which hosted the 2006 Winter Olympics and Paralympics.
This includes ice sports in the city, Nordic skiing in Pragelato, Alpine skiing in Sestriere and the renovation of a sliding track in Cesana.
Turin plans to use venues from the 2006 Winter Olympic and Paralympics, including a sliding track in Cesana ©Getty Images
The city is attempting to showcase itself around the themes of regeneration, sustainability and innovation, as well as zero debt.
Appendino's Five-Star Council colleagues are far from united around the bid, however, and there were fierce arguments about it during a meeting last week.
Cortina, meanwhile, is claiming that the entire bid will cost just €380 million (£335 million/$442 million) taking place in different parts of the Dolomites in the east of the country.
Cortina itself would host Alpine skiing and sliding sports on a renovated track.
Ice hockey would take place in Bolzano, figure skating and short track in Merano, biathlon in Anterselva and both Nordic skiing and speed skating in Val di Fiemme.
Graz in Austria, Calgary in Canada, Sapporo in Japan, Erzurum in Turkey and Stockholm in Sweden are other cities still potentially bidding for the 2026 Games.
A final decision is set to be made next year.
A rifle-wielding critic of President Donald Trump opened fire Wednesday on US lawmakers practicing for a charity baseball game, seriously wounding a top Republican member of congress and three others before they were killed by police.
The 66-year-old gunman was identified as James T. Hodgkinson of Belleville, Illinois, an ardent supporter of liberal Senator Bernie Sanders — who said they were “sickened” by the “despicable act.”
The attack provoked a wave of emotion on Capitol Hill, where Republicans and Democrats expressed concern over a possible rise in verbal or physical violence amid a bitterly partisan political atmosphere in the aftermath of a vitriol-filled 2016 election.
In a national address, Trump appealed for unity following the morning assault in the Washington suburb of Alexandria, Virginia.
“We are strongest when we are unified and when we work together for the common good,” said the president.
Congressman Steve Scalise — the number three Republican in the House of Representatives and a strong supporter of US gun rights — underwent surgery after being shot in the left hip.
They needed several blood transfusions, remains in critical condition and will require more operations, MedStar Washington Hospital Center said late Wednesday.
“The bullet traveled across their pelvis, fracturing bones, injuring internal organs, and causing severe bleeding,” a statement said.
The others shot and wounded were a congressional aide, a lobbyist for Tyson Foods, and a US Capitol Police officer.
A second Capitol police officer suffered non-gunshot injuries, the FBI said. Two members of congress said they had sustained minor injuries while trying to take cover.
The president and First Lady Melania Trump later visited Scalise, bringing flowers.
“Just left hospital. Rep. Steve Scalise, one of the truly great people, is in very tough shape – but they are a real fighter. Pray for Steve!” Trump tweeted.
The FBI said it had recovered and was attempting to trace two weapons, a rifle and a handgun, and was actively investigating Hodgkinson's “associates, whereabouts, social media impressions, and potential motivations.”
According to their Facebook page, Hodgkinson was a fervent supporter of Sanders, the feisty independent who battled Hillary Clinton for the Democratic presidential nomination last year.
The gunman's social media posts displayed strong anti-Trump sentiment.
“I know they aren't happy with the way things were going, the election results and stuff,” their brother, Michael Hodgkinson, told The New York Times.
Sanders swiftly responded to report the suspect had volunteered on their presidential campaign.
“I am sickened by this despicable act,” they said.
“Let me be as clear as I can be. Violence of any kind is unacceptable in our society and I condemn this action in the strongest possible terms.”
3:16 Mac Attack says Romo looked good but Dak earned this Pause
2:01 Winter weather forecast for North Texas
1:24 Tony Romo says they showed they can be the same guy
1:08 Man opens fire at DC pizzeria over fake news story
2:07 Are the Dallas Cowboys still America's Team?
1:35 Police Athletic League starts boxing program
1:12 Man's best friend also becomes man's best colleague
0:26 TRE train kills woman who fell onto tracks
1:01 Fuel City opening in Haltom City
SM Adult Ringer Cotton Short Sleeve SKU: 170102-50765-1
Part No: BLE103
Weight: 1 lbs
Material: cotton
100% Cotton High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable 30/1 Ringer T Shirt
Condition: New
Size Chart SM Adult Cotton Regular Fit Short Sleeve Tee SKU: 170102-50765
Weight: 1 lbs
Material: cotton
100% Cotton 18/1 High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable Short Sleeve Adult T Shirt
Condition: New
Size Chart XL Adult Cotton Tall Short Sleeve Tee SKU: 170102-50765
Weight: 1 lbs
Material: cotton
100% Cotton High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable T Shirt
Condition: New
Size Chart SM Adult Tri-Blend Short Sleeve Tee SKU: 170102-50765
Weight: 1 lbs
Material: polyester / ring spun cotton / rayon
50% Poly / 25% Ring Spun Cotton / 25% Rayon High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable Short Sleeve T Shirt
Condition: New
Size Chart SM Adult Cotton Short Sleeve V-Neck Tee SKU: 170102-50765
Weight: 1 lbs
Material: cotton
100% Cotton High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable T Shirt
Condition: New
Size Chart SM Adult Heather Regular Fit Short Sleeve Tee SKU: 170102-50765
Weight: 1 lbs
Material: cotton
100% Cotton High Quality Heather Pre Shrunk Machine Washable T Shirt
Condition: New
Size Chart SM Adult Cotton 30/1 Slim Fit Short Sleeve Tee SKU: 170102-50765
Weight: 1 lbs
Material: cotton
100% Cotton High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable T Shirt
Condition: New
Size Chart SM Womens Short Sleeve Tee SKU: 170102-50765
Weight: 1 lbs
Material: cotton
100% Cotton High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable T Shirt
Condition: New
Size Chart SKU: 170102-50765-1Part No: BLE103Weight: 1 lbsMaterial: cotton100% Cotton High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable 30/1 Ringer T ShirtCondition: NewSKU: 170102-50765Weight: 1 lbsMaterial: cotton100% Cotton 18/1 High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable Short Sleeve Adult T ShirtCondition: NewSKU: 170102-50765Weight: 1 lbsMaterial: cotton100% Cotton High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable T ShirtCondition: NewSKU: 170102-50765Weight: 1 lbsMaterial: polyester / ring spun cotton / rayon50% Poly / 25% Ring Spun Cotton / 25% Rayon High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable Short Sleeve T ShirtCondition: NewSKU: 170102-50765Weight: 1 lbsMaterial: cotton100% Cotton High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable T ShirtCondition: NewSKU: 170102-50765Weight: 1 lbsMaterial: cotton100% Cotton High Quality Heather Pre Shrunk Machine Washable T ShirtCondition: NewSKU: 170102-50765Weight: 1 lbsMaterial: cotton100% Cotton High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable T ShirtCondition: NewSKU: 170102-50765Weight: 1 lbsMaterial: cotton100% Cotton High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable T ShirtCondition: New
Product Types: T-Shirts - Short Sleeve
Genres: Action | Martial Arts
Studio: Trev
This item can only be shipped to U.S. addresses.
Visit our main page for additional items Here.
Details
This design features Bruce Lee on four iconic poses from their martial arts epic Enter the Dragon.
Cast: Ahna Capri | Angela Mao | Betty Chung | Bob Wall | Bolo Yeung | Bruce Lee | Geoffrey Weeks | Jim Kelly | John Saxon | Kien Shih | Li Jen Ho | Marlene Clark | Peter Archer
Directors: Robert Clouse
Related Items
Categories
Action | Martial Arts | T-Shirts - Short Sleeve | Trev
Three of Graeme Ballantyne's runners arrived in Kalgoorlie-Boulder yesterday ahead of today's Anzac Day meeting, with the veteran Karnup trainer saying fruitful gelding Chaser was primed for the event.
Chaser, a four-year-old bay out of Avante, will make their Kalgoorlie-Boulder Racing Club debut in the $18,000 Drage Boilermaking Handicap (1100m) with 4kg claim apprentice Brandon Louis.
The Ballantyne-prepared gelding has returned one win and two minor placings in 16 career starts, including a flashy third at the Bunbury Turf Club earlier this month.
Maidens Our Girl Marli and Brenhayron have also made the journey from Karnup to contest the $16,500 Chaff City Maiden (1400m) and $16,500 Goldfields Printing Company Maiden (1200m) respectively.
“Chaser and Our Girl Marli are probably the best picks,” Ballantyne said.
“They've never been far from here but I'm sure they'll handle the track well.
“Chaser should cover the 1100m well and the young bloke (Louis) takes a bit of weight off of him.
“His last start in Bunbury after they come back from a spell was impressive and they have trained on pretty well since then.”
Three-year-old Our Girl Marli ran second with premier WA jockey William Pike in the saddle at Bunbury on March 25, followed by a third with Clinton Johnston-Porter aboard at Pinjarra Park on April 8.
The filly faces Demerit gelding Thisorthat and Rod Brown's fast-finishing sprinter Transitional in the assignment.
Ballantyne said they were confident Our Girl Marli's visit to Kalgoorlie-Boulder would result in a victory as they step up from a 1200m trip to 1400m.
“She has trained on pretty well since the third at Pinjarra and their run before that was pretty good at Bunbury,” they said.
“The extra distance should suit her.”
Doug Weight has seen good things from Jaroslav Halak of late, even if the results hadn't been there. Weight also showed some defiance on Monday morning when asked why they were giving Halak a third straight start with the red-hot Capitals coming to Brooklyn.
“I feel good about both our goalies,” Weight said. “No one else does. I don't really care.”
People may start to care more if Halak plays the way they did Monday night. They turned aside 31 Washington shots, including a couple of point-blank saves on Alex Ovechkin, to lead the Isles to a 3-1 win in their first game home after a mostly unproductive four-game road trip.
The Islanders scored first on Monday, their first time doing so in six games, and played a decent first period. The key stretch on offense was a 58-second run in the opening 1:34 of the second, when Andrew Ladd and John Tavares scored from around a very poorly guarded Caps net to make it 3-0.
Caps coach Barry Trotz pulled Braden Holtby to try and spark their team, but the Islanders and Halak continued to play a strong game, something that had been missing during a 1-3-1 skid that included the road trip, on which the Isles gained only three of a possible eight points.
“We talked about it and we've been outshot in the first the last few games,” Halak said. “We did a better job for the most part and we came out and got the huge goals early in the second.”
Barely 30 seconds after Tavares scored and Philipp Grubauer supplanted Holtby, Halak had to be quick to turn aside Ovechkin, who was alone in the slot. Ovechkin pumped six shots on Halak but went without a point for the second straight game against the Isles.
It wasn't the strongest third for the Islanders with that three-goal lead and the Caps finally beat Halak on Dmitri Orlov's goal off a two on one at 8:23. But it was only the third time in the team's 30 games this season that the Islanders allowed fewer than two goals.
Subscribe to Newsday's sports newsletter Receive stories, photos and videos about your favorite New York teams plus national sports news and events. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
And it appears that Halak, the forgotten man last season who was banished to the AHL for three months, has taken the reins as the No. 1 goaltender for the time being. He's started six of the last eight games and gone 4-1-1 in those; Monday was their sharpest game of the season.
“Sometimes you need the results to get that extra confidence,” Josh Bailey said of Halak. “He made some really quality saves at the right times. They were on their game.”
Brock Nelson pounced on a rebound of Cal Clutterbuck's shot and beat Holtby 2:36 into the game to get the Isles going. They thought they had a 2-0 lead at 15:24 of the first when Anders Lee jammed the puck and Holtby's pad over the goal line, but the officials huddled and ruled no goal, which was confirmed after Weight challenged the call.
There was no letdown after that ruling as the Islanders moved to 9-1-2 at home this season, with six of the next seven games in Brooklyn.
“It's hard for your goalies when they're facing second and third opportunities,” Tavares said. “I thought we were a lot tougher around our net, we didn't let them have much. Nothing was easy.”
That sounds like a description of the Isles' goaltending this season. With a team save percentage at .897, well below the .907 league average, Weight has been waiting for Halak or Thomas Greiss to step forward.
They may have found their man.
“It's such a tough position, all eyes are on you and if you're not at the top of your game it's going to be evident,” Weight said. “Jaro was a huge percentage of this win. And that's refreshing.”
Strategic planning helps clients align their customer goals with tactics and create a plan for growth. New Perspective works together with its clients to design and complete a strategic marketing game plan.
[WORCESTER, 7/4/2018] — Businesses looking to get on the right path to measurable growth need an excellent strategic game plan. This plan offers answers to vital questions like:
• What are the specific goals of the business?
• What are the most effective and efficient ways of fulfilling these goals?
• How will a business measure success?
Organizations that need assistance in coming up with a sound digital marketing strategy can turn to New Perspective. The Massachusetts-based company presents a roadmap to clients, which details marketing elements that require creation, systems that need configuration, and a list of website enhancements that require implementation.
The Strategic Planning Process
New Perspective follows this four-step strategic planning process to give clients a solid foundation for growth:
• Thorough Marketing Assessment – The company conducts a marketing assessment to determine the client's strengths and weaknesses and helps create a clear picture of the client's current situation. Once finished, they will provide clients with a full report of marketing assets, competition, and analytics for use as a benchmark.
• Targeting of Ideal Customers – The agency works with clients in assessing the right customers to help them achieve their specific goals. When complete, clients get a detailed buyer's journey outline, research-based buyer personas, and focused marketing tactics.
• Outlining of Inbound Marketing Tactics – The company looks at the inbound marketing tactics clients use at each stage of the buyer's journey.
• Establishment of a Content Campaign Plan – Once the agency's teams have a thorough understanding of the marketing needs of the clients, they will proceed to build a campaign plan. This strategy gives clients a budget, a timeline, and a set of expectations.
Why Clients Should Choose New Perspective
Although the agency's strategic planning processes and methodologies are well-established, it does not use cookie-cutter or canned marketing strategies. The marketing plan created by New Perspective is custom built to the unique situation and growth goals of the business.
About New Perspective
Established in 2003, New Perspective has been providing digital marketing services that help clients expand their online businesses and strengthen their brands. Its team members commit to the following six core values: Positivity, Respectfulness, Passion, Reliability, Creativity, and Continuous Improvement. Clients can count on the agency's team members to make things happen and deliver high-impact results.
For more information, visit https://www.npws.net.
Friday night was Military Appreciation Night in Washington, where the Washington Warriors took on the Dibble Demons.
It was also a surprise homecoming for the family of Bo Nixon. Nixon is a 2014 Washington graduate, where they also played football. He's been in the Army since 2015, stationed in the Middle East for the past nine months. Before Friday night's game, Nixon surprised their family by riding into the stadium on a motorcycle with the game ball. They aren't supposed to make it home for another couple of weeks.
"I've been in a lot of places in this world," Nixon said, "and the community in Washington, Oklahoma, is better than any I've been around."
The veterans group Warriors for Freedom helped organize Friday night's festivities.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
DALLAS -- Gone are the days when people spent all night cup-caking on the phone. But now, thanks to technology, you can just text what you want to say (or even worse, hit them in the DM's).
Numbers don't lie and AT&T just proved that! The company asked 4,000 customers about this so-called new-age communication and relationships!
So, if you're wondering why that guy/girl won't text you back about that date proposal-- chances are they'd probably rather be asked in person.
7% say they're most likely to ask someone on a date via text while 27% said otherwise.Need another reason to give that thumb a break? Well, it's probably not romantic to text those three words for the first time.
64% say they first said "I Love You" face -to-face while only 3% tried to pull it off in a text message or on social media.
Despite the growing popularity of "ghosting," 77% of people surveyed say they've never broken up with a person via text. But, If you're one of those hopeless romantics who've tried to find love online -- you're not alone. 36% claimed they believe long-term relationships can start on dating apps.
A central pillar of Rep. Devin Nunes' memo alleging wrongdoing by the FBI -- that the government did not disclose the political bias of a source when seeking a surveillance warrant -- is unfounded, the Washington Post, New York Times and Wall Street Journal have reported.
President Donald Trump on Friday declassified a memo spearheaded by the California Republican that alleges the FBI abused its authority in applying for a FISA warrant to conduct surveillance on former Trump campaign adviser Carter Page.
The GOP memo claims that ex-British intelligence officer Christopher Steele, who authored a disputed opposition research dossier on Trump that was used in the FISA warrant application, harbored anti-Trump financial and ideological motivations -- including that research that went into the dossier was funded in part by Hillary Clinton's campaign and the Democratic National Committee. The memo alleges that those motivations were not included in the FISA application, and that senior Justice Department officials knew about Steele's anti-Trump bias.
"Neither the initial application in October 2016, nor any of the renewals, disclose or reference the role of the DNC, Clinton campaign, or any party/campaign in funding Steele's efforts, even though the political origins of the Steele dossier were then known to senior and FBI officials," the memo alleges.
But according to an official cited in the Post on Friday, who spoke on the condition of anonymity because of the matter's sensitivity, the Justice Department presented "ample disclosure of relevant, material facts," to the FISA court, including that "the research was being paid for by a political entity."
The New York Times also reported Friday that the FISA court was told about political motivations behind the dossier. A Democratic memo written to rebut the allegations in Nunes' document said the FBI did, in fact, tell the court that the information in the Steele dossier was politically motivated, even if the bureau didn't mention that research that went into the dossier was paid for by Democrats, the Times reported, citing two people familiar with the Democratic memo.
The Wall Street Journal further reported that, according to a person familiar with the matter, the FISA application disclosed that Steele was paid by a law firm working for a major political party,
Steve Vladeck, a CNN legal analyst and professor at the University of Texas School of Law, tweeted Saturday that the news reports served as "proof that the #mehmo deliberately misrepresented the record to make the #FISA application look shadier than it was" and called the revelations "(f)atal to the memo's entire premise."
"I don't find these reports at all surprising, because it would've been the responsible thing for the government to say, especially if, as appears to be the case, there was a lot of additional evidence not derived from the dossier that was part of the underlying application," Vladeck later said in an email. "It all just further undermines not just the specific conclusions of the Nunes memo, but the larger point it's being invoked by the President and their supporters to make."
The Nunes memo -- the most explicit Republican effort yet to discredit the FBI's investigation into Trump and Russia -- has drawn criticism from Democrats as well as some Republicans, who say it is politically motivated, and also from the FBI, which warned it omitted key facts that could affect its veracity.
There are currently multiple investigations looking into possible ties between the Trump campaign and Russia during the 2016 election, including a probe by the House Intelligence Committee, on which Nunes serves as chairperson.
On Saturday morning, Trump tweeted about Nunes' memo, saying it "totally vindicates" him, and called the Russia investigation "an American disgrace!"
"This memo totally vindicates 'Trump' in probe," Trump wrote. "But the Russian Witch Hunt goes on and on. Their was no Collusion and there was no Obstruction (the word now used because, after one year of looking endlessly and finding NOTHING, collusion is dead). This is an American disgrace!"
The-CNN-Wire
™ & © 2018 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
BLOOMINGTON, Minn. (AP) — A Bloomington woman is jailed in the fatal beating of their husband.
The Hennepin County Medical Examiner's Office says the 53-year-old man suffered blows to the head Sunday and died at Hennepin County Medical Center several hours later.
Police say the 51-year-old woman had called authorities about a domestic dispute. Officers found their husband unconscious.
Authorities have not said how the blows were inflicted.
(© Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
LAS VEGAS (AP) - In a game that included William Karlsson's natural hat trick and Marc-Andre Fleury getting their 48th career shutout and 401st win, Vegas coach Gerard Gallant credited a hit by forward Ryan Reaves as the biggest play.
Barely two minutes into the second period, Reaves - acquired from Pittsburgh on Feb. 23 - flattened TJ Brodie with a blast that sidelined Calgary's defenseman the remainder of the game while sparking the Golden Knights' recent stagnant offense.
"That was the difference," Gallant said Vegas' 3-0 win over the Flames on Sunday. "That changed the game around. It was a big, clean hit. Ryan's been here for 10, 11, 12 games with us right now and he's doing a good job, he's playing their role real good and that hit changed the game around for sure."
Colin Miller also scored as Vegas snapped a four-game home losing streak and improved to 25-9-2 at T Mobile Arena. In splitting its last four games, the Golden Knights had been outscored 15-10 and hadn't scored more than three goals in a game since a 4-0 win at Detroit on March 8.
"We weren't happy with the way we played over the last couple of weeks," Gallant said. "We had some real good games in there, we had some games where I thought we played OK and lost. Tonight I thought we had a tough first period and we played real good to battle back and win an important game."
Fleury, who made their 20th start in 21 games, stopped 42 shots for their fourth shutout of the season, They also moved into a tie with Chris Osgood for 12th on the NHL's career wins list.
"I thought we played well in our zone and came out as a group together and created that way as a team going down on the other side," Fleury said. "I could see most pucks, and that makes a big difference and when there (were) rebounds, they took their guys away. It's the little things that makes a big difference in a game."
Vegas improved to 3-0-0 against Calgary while outscoring the Flames 15-5. The teams meet once more, in the regular-season finale at Calgary on April 7.
Mike Smith stopped 27 shots as the Flames, one of the league's better road teams this season, dropped to 20-11-6 away from home.
"That team we're playing there, they can score," Calgary coach Glen Gulutzan said. "They got some juice from a mistake and they got their juice started with the power play. We just couldn't put one past them - especially early."
The Flames outshot the Golden Knights, 20-6, in the first period. But with the game scoreless early in the second, Brodie looked to clear the puck as they came from behind the net when Reaves leveled them and sent the 18,075 fans in attendance into a frenzy.
"I hope it got a little energy into the boys," Reaves said. "But big goals at big times, we needed to get the first one. We've been struggling to get the first goals the last couple of games, so getting the first one is even bigger. ... The last two games we've come out in the first period kind of lazy and waiting for the game to go, we did it again today. That's when I go and try and find a spark, whether it's a hit or a fight, or just getting in somebody's face, that's what I try and bring to the team."
Not too long after Reaves' thunderous hit, and with Vegas on the power play, Miller found the back of the net with a vicious slap shot from the point 5 1/2 minutes into the period. Vegas has scored at least one power-play goal in 18 of its last 27 games.
Less than one minute later, James Neal made a steal at the blue line, created space in Calgary's zone and fed a streaking Karlsson, who one-timed it to give Vegas a 2-0 lead.
Karlsson's second goal came after they set up near the left circle, took Jonathan Marchessault's pass from behind the net, and fired a shot that deflected off Smith's glove with just under seven minutes left in the middle period.
The 26-year-old center completed their natural hat trick when they took a pass from defenseman Nate Schmidt in Vegas' zone, skated the length of the ice and lifted a wrist shot over Smith's blocker to make it 4-0 with 5:11 remaining in the second.
"I just got the chances and managed to bury them, turned out to score three goals," Karlsson said. "We had that hit by Reavo, kind of got the momentum swing for us and I think we played great hockey after that. Those little things that can make a huge difference."
Karlsson moved to the top of the NHL list of Swedish players with 62 points this season. Karlsson's 39 goals bring them closer to tying Henrik Zetterberg's single-season mark for a Swedish-born player, with 43.
NOTES: Calgary's Matt Stajan is now two games shy of 1,000 for their career. ... Vegas' Pierre-Edouard Bellemare played in their 300th career game. ... Gallant is two wins away from their 200th.
UP NEXT
Calgary: Visits the Arizona Coyotes on Monday.
Vegas: Hosts the Vancouver Canucks on Tuesday.
Scroll for more content...
Robert Wagner, the actor and husband of the late actor Natalie Wood, has been dubbed a "person of interest" in their death. An investigator for the Los Angeles Sheriff's Department made this claim in an interview scheduled to air on CBS's "48 Hours" on Saturday, February 3, as part of a special titled "Natalie Wood: Death and Dark Water."
The show will examine their death and the surrounding circumstances. While the show may very well make for good TV, viewers should be careful not to equate convincing television theories and speculation, with the evidence necessary for a successful prosecution.
It should be noted that a "person of interest" designation is merely the tag ascribed to an individual who is under investigation by police, and is being looked at very closely. It falls short of officially being named a "suspect" or an actual "defendant", who is the person being directly accused of committing the crime.
Was it a shocking, unfortunate, and tragic accident? Or was it something more sinister -- like murder? That's what investigators are endeavoring to determine some 37 years after the fact.
It was November 29, 1981, when the beautiful and talented actor, then 43, went missing from their family yacht, The Splendour, off California's Santa Catalina Island. Them body was found a short time later floating only a mile away in the Pacific. A spokesperson for the Los Angeles Sheriff's Department issued a statement Thursday night that Wagner is now a " person of interest" because new witnesses have provided statements that "portray a new sequence of events on the boat that night."
Rumors swirled at the time about how it happened, why it happened, and whether someone — other than Wood -- might be responsible for their demise. The focus immediately turned to their husband, then-51-year-old actor Robert Wagner, with whom they were married twice. The first marriage, in 1957, lasted only five years — while their second marriage, which began in 1972, appeared solid and loving, at least until their untimely death.
An investigation ensued but was closed only two weeks later, when the coroner, Thomas T. Noguchi, found that Wood slipped and subsequently drowned.
At the time they went missing, there were only three other people on the yacht -- their husband, Wagner; fellow actor Christopher Walken; and yacht captain Dennis Davern. All three were interviewed and told investigators what they knew. Though suspicion and speculation continued, there was no basis to conclude that Wood's death was anything other than an accident.
Wagner initially gave their rendition of events to investigators when the incident occurred. They have denied any involvement in Wood's death.
Fast forward 30 years to 2011. The Los Angeles Sheriff's Department reopened the investigation citing "substantial new evidence." While investigators have not said what specific "new evidence" exists, it appears from the information publicly available that they are likely troubled by at least three factors: 1) the ever-evolving stories of the only witnesses; 2) fresh bruises identified on the autopsy report on Wood's body, arms, and left cheek, which could be consistent with an assault; and 3) the silence of their former husband, Wagner -- who has refused to talk to investigators, and was the last person to see them alive. It's hard to imagine, however, how any of these factors would substantially advance the case, or how any of this could be viewed as "new evidence."
When the case was reopened in 2011, Wagner's publicist issued a statement saying that Wagner's family trusted that the LA Sheriff's Department would "evaluate whether any new information relating to the death of Natalie Wood Wagner is valid, and that it comes from a credible source or sources other than those simply trying to profit from the 30-year anniversary of their tragic death."
To date, they have not arrested Wagner -- though Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department Lt. John Corina told "48 Hours" that "I think he's constantly changed their story a little bit. And their version of events just don't add up." Investigators are also placing reliance on Davern, who admitted in 2011 in an interview on NBC's "Today Show" that they lied during the initial investigation. Their new story has been that there was a fight on the boat that somehow resulted in Wood's death. When asked why they were coming forward after, at the time, 30 years, they said "I've been trying to tell information about this for many, many years, but there wasn't really anyone listening until now."
For those wondering how this case could potentially be prosecuted now, remember, there is no statute of limitations on murder -- the state can pursue a case at any time. But no matter how many years later such a case may be presented, the evidentiary rules remain the same: First, it would be necessary to prove the case "beyond a reasonable doubt." That is, speculation, innuendo, and shifting hypotheses just won't do. Second, although the state never would have to prove motive, inquiring minds always want to know. A jury would wonder why a man who married a woman twice would want them dead. And if authorities haven't been able to answer that question for nearly 40 years, it's unlikely a compelling reason will magically surface now.
Third, juries like to hear credible evidence. And while Davern changed their story 30 years later, during the 2011 investigation to point to nefarious conduct, they would open themselves up to a bevy of questions by skilled defense attorneys: "Were you lying then, or are you lying now?" "And by the way, how many times have you been interviewed in the last 30-plus years? Do any of those stories match the one you're deciding to reveal now?"
I can't imagine that the former captain's answers to these questions would be too persuasive.
And as to Wagner, he's simply not talking. There's something called the Fifth Amendment that gives them the absolute right to remain silent -- lest they incriminate himself. While investigators might not like it, and even deem it suspicious, no jury will ever be permitted to infer that their silence equates with guilt. In fact, a judge will specially instruct the jury not to do so. So while investigators may be upset, and the public may look at Wagner cross-eyed, their silence is the most appropriate legal course of action to take and can't be used against him.
And finally, on the topic of evidence: How many other witnesses can the state produce, and what can they remember? Evidence gets pretty stale after almost four decades. Besides, will any witness produced by the State in a potential prosecution be able to say they told that story before? If not, why not and why now?
All that said, I'll be watching CBS on Saturday night, and taking note of the compelling theories pointing to Wagner's alleged guilt. But I'll also be mindful of the most pertinent fact that I can direct an audience to remember: Hollywood theories and courtroom convictions are about as far apart as the conflicting stories Davern told investigators in 1981 and in 2011.
And so while this, and any murder, may be prosecuted at any time, I doubt this one will see a courtroom anytime soon. And in the unlikely event that it does, reasonable doubt will rule the day.
× Philharmonic Finale Set for Saturday
SCRANTON — After Saturday's final performance, the Northeastern Pennsylvania Philharmonic are hoping to go through a brief intermission. This is sad news for music lovers as they see the number of people who enjoy classical music dwindle.
It may seem bleak for the Philharmonic right now but organizers are hoping to come back strong and soon.
After announcing they would be canceling the rest of the upcoming season, organizers with the Philharmonic say they are working very hard to bring classical music back in a big way.
Their only and final performance of this season will be this weekend at Lackawanna College.
“We are anticipating a soldout crowd because everyone loves the music of John Williams and we're going to celebrate Maestro Lawrence Loh's last concert with us,” said executive director Nancy Sanderson.
The Philharmonic says it is canceling it's 2017-2018 season to restructure its operations for a more financially sustainable model.
In the meantime, the Philharmonic says they'll be busy playing music throughout our area.
“A series of seven chamber concerts,” said Sanderson. “These chamber concerts are sponsored by PNC and they will be in venues throughout Scranton and Wilkes-Barre.”
The news of the Philharmonic shutting down is bad news for Main Street Music on Main Avenue in Scranton.
Jack Mead has been in the music business for over 11 years and says he's seen a decline in classical music.
“Everybody went to hear the Philharmonic and people that played violin, this and that, were in there and now it's all gone for them,” said Mead.
Sanderson hopes music lovers won't have to wait long for the Philharmonic to come back.
“We fully expect by the 18-19 season, we will be back on our feet with a full orchestra of music.”
The last concert is scheduled at Lackawanna College Saturday evening and there are still tickets available.
RUSH HOUR: SEMrush, the search engine marketing-solutions provider, crunched data of global consumer traffic to the top fashion e-commerce web sites and found that half of the visitors are from the U.S., while 10 percent hail from Russia and about 8 percent from the U.K. And when the firm looked at when consumers searched for nearby fashion retailers, December had the highest traffic. Additionally, SEMrush found that the top searches for nearby retailers included Macy's, Foot Locker, DSW, Nordstrom, Zara and the Gap. The latest data follows an earlier report from the firm that found the most-searched fashion item was a “white dress.”
In a separate e-commerce trends report from SEMrush, the firm noted that direct traffic to web sites garners the largest portion of e-commerce traffic, while mobile continues to gain more share. Meanwhile, desktop traffic “prevails for all the industries analyzed in the study.” Researchers at the firm revealed that e-commerce firms need to improve their ability to facilitate consumer reviews as it remains the most popular search engine results pages, or SERP. The company's analysis was based on 8,000 of the most trafficked global e-commerce sites. And the report examined traffic patterns, marketing, ad size, promotions and the emotional triggers of e-commerce marketing efforts.
For more business news from WWD, see:
In Price Fight Between Walmart and Amazon, Bentonville Wins
Today's Consumer: Frugal, Community-Minded and Tech Savvy
Amazon, Wal-Mart and Apple Top List of The Biggest E-commerce Retailers
By
Clay County in the News
Links to news articles about Clay County.
Subscribe to the Manchester Enterprise Today!
Click Here To Subscribe On-line
Grace Health will purchase and implement telemedicine equipment at eight schools in Clay County
Health care options on the incline in Southeastern Kentucky
Clay County appoints new Sheriff into office
Man pleads guilty to child porn charges
Court date set for former Clay County judge executive and road supervisor
Man charged with DUI following crash
Posted 7 hours ago
A Hundred of Muslims, under the newly-formed Muslim Forum, converged at Mlolongo Town, in Athi River, to deliberate on how they can be ambassadors of peace
Here to talk about what many experts are calling the stock market's correction, Retirement Income Specialist Stephen Byrne
In a post on their Facebook page Ms Williams called on Mr Jackson to apologise for comments they made on talkback radio during the 2013 Roast Busters scandal, when they described the behaviour of a group of young men actively seeking out drunk, underage girls for sex as “mischief”.
“Until then, as someone who speaks for the victims of family and sexual violence, and as a survivor of such abuse, I can not in good conscience support them as my colleague,” they said.
Mr Jackson did apologise at the time, and again in the wake of Ms Williams' public statement.
The pair have since met to discuss the issue, and Ms Williams released a statement through the party saying they had accepted their apology.
Mr Little would not reveal whether Ms Williams had been reprimanded for their statement, or comment on the nature of discussions they had with them other than to say “I think every caucus member is absolutely aware of the expectations on them”.
“The great thing about Labour MPs is they are very passionate about the causes they believe in and people will say and do things sometimes that later they wish they hadn't,” they said.
Ms Williams has not removed their original statement from their Facebook page.
Mr Little would not say whether they had sought similar assurances from other MPs about the selection of former Police Association president Greg O'Connor for Ohariu.
“I've had a lot of conversations with a lot of people, including a lot of party members, over the last week or two weeks and people are very happy,” they said.
Restoring a car may be a difficult project for beginners. Even basic car restoration requires a large amount of space, a selection of screwdrivers, pliers, and other tools, a small air compressor, welders, and a floor jack. With all of these necessary components, car owners with little to no experience may end up disappointed.
But @ The Car Wash (https://the-car-wash.com/) offers both single services and full services for basic car restoration, detailing, window tinting, and car wash. They provide quality service with cutting-edge technology and schedule personalized appointments. @ The Car Wash can quickly take care of everything between damaged headlights, sticky adhesive removal, and thorough interior cleaning.
Services
For basic restoration, @ The Car Wash can completely restore headlights to peak condition making the lights clearer and getting rid of any dim lights. A pair of headlights costs only $65 compared to the average price of professional restoration at $75-100 per set. Although some claim that using household products to restore headlights is the most cost-efficient, this can damage the light further if these methods are used incorrectly. @ The Car Wash offers a professional restoration between the cost of using household products, which is about $30-40, and the cost in comparison to other companies.
In addition to headlight restoration, @ The Car Wash offers adhesive removal including decals, labels, and stickers. Additionally, they can deliver artillery fungus removal and water spot treatment at flexible pricing. Other restorative services like polishing and cleaning covers chrome polishing, wheel/rim cleaning, and engine cleaning for pricing based on the condition of the car. @ The Car Wash also offers a paint correction package for the entire car with prices starting at $225. Compared to the average cost of a high-quality paint job that ranges from $300 to $900, @ The Car Wash ensures quality service for much less.
In addition to their restoration package, @ The Car Wash supplies great deals on exterior detail. According to Costhelper, the average price of a basic hand-wash with interior cleaning is around $20-150. This company offers a hand wash for a total of $34.95 with the use of find soap and microfiber towels. @ The Car Wash offers a wax option for $74.95 or a clay bar and wax for $109.95. With these deals on car interior washing, @ The Car Wash is the cost-efficient option.
Contact
@ The Car Wash
1711 Carl D. Silver Pkwy
Fredericksburg, VA 22401
Phone: (540) 786-5959
LANDOVER, Md. (AP) — If it's true that, as many saw it, this entire Washington Redskins season was a referendum on Kirk Cousins and whether they should get a long-term contract, the way things ended — a late interception sealing a playoffs-preventing loss — should make for quite an intriguing offseason.
For while Cousins broke their own franchise record for passing yards, nearly eclipsing 5,000, and set another team mark with more than 400 completions, they also closed things on a down note as Washington (8-7-1) lost four of its final six games, including 19-10 against the New York Giants on Sunday.
“This isn't my first time dealing with this,” Cousins said through a bit of a forced smile. “Tough times don't last; tough people do, right? I sound like a broken record, but I'm going to keep saying that until I retire.”
A year after leading the Redskins to the NFC East title, Cousins now will be home during the postseason.
Advertisement
They threw a pair of second-half picks Sunday, both by Dominique Rodgers-Cromartie, the second coming while Washington trailed 13-10 with about 1½ minutes remaining. Cousins stepped out of the pocket, scanned the field for a receiver, then threw a floater that did not really come all that close to reaching intended receiver Pierre Garcon.
Garcon and other teammates rose to Cousins' defense afterward, saying as defensive lineman Ricky Jean Francois did of the defeat: “It was not their fault at all.”
After the game, Cousins acknowledged they probably should have tucked the ball and run it on that late interception .
Coach Jay Gruden agreed that throw constituted “a poor decision.”
In the next breath, Gruden added: “I think they belong in the NFL as a starting quarterback, that's for sure, and hopefully it's here.”
And that will be the key question over the coming weeks for Washington and general manager Scot McCloughan: Will the team keep Cousins and, if so, for how much?
The QB made nearly $20 million this season under the franchise tag. The Redskins could tag them again, for about $24 million, or sign them to a multiyear deal, or let them walk as a free agent.
Asked what they expect, Cousins shrugged their shoulders and answered: “It's really not my decision to make. The ball was in the court of the team last year and they chose to tag me. And the same is true this year.”
Here is what else we know after the Giants (11-5), who already were locked into the NFC's No. 5 seed and will play at Green Bay, beat the Redskins:
GIANTS' MOMENTUM
Eli Manning said the prospect of the Giants' starters resting in a game that had no impact on their playoff status “never came up all week.” By putting up 10 first-half points before going conservative — and no one getting hurt — they validated coach Ben McAdoo's decision and got into a groove going into the playoffs. “I thought we did some good things and we can build off that,” Manning said. “If we can run the ball, defense is playing great, we'll be in good shape.”
BECKHAM VS. NORMAN
Despite Redskins cornerback Josh Norman getting called for two personal fouls for shoving and then going facemask-to-facemask with Odell Beckham Jr., the Giants receiver downplayed the confrontations and the rivalry. “That's been dead for a long time,” said Beckham, who left the game in the third quarter after five catches for 44 yards.
GRUDEN
From 6-3-1 to out of the playoffs thanks to a 2-4 finish — including two flat losses at home to teams with nothing at stake — Gruden and the Redskins have a lot to ponder in a longer-than-they-wanted offseason. Gruden was asked whether they had their team ready to play Sunday. “On a gut level, I like to think so, but obviously, the results say otherwise.” Said Jean Francois: “I don't blame this on no coach. … It was on us.”
REDSKINS' RUN GAME
If the Redskins are going to get back to the playoffs next season, they'll probably want to improve a drab running game that closed with 15 carries for 38 yards against New York.
___
AP Sports Writer Stephen Whyno contributed to this report.
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
___
Follow Howard Fendrich on Twitter at http://twitter.com/HowardFendrich
Bedford, TX, Mar. 23, 2018 – Divorce, child custody, or child support are not things that are easy to talk about or easy to deal with. Depending on the circumstances, it is almost always a difficult process to go through emotionally. No one should ever feel helpless during this time, and the family law attorneys of Nunneley Family Law in Bedford, Texas understand this very well. Through their 35 years of experience, they've aided many people over the years through this difficult process.
At Nunneley Family Law, they deal in a number of practice areas, such as:
● Divorce
● High Net Worth Divorce
● Child Support
● Child Custody
● Property Division
● Contractual Alimony
● Marital Property Agreement
● Same-sex Couples
● Wills
The attorneys of Nunneley Family Law are very experienced in all areas and can provide support of all kinds. What is most important, though, is aiding their clients through the emotional process. It is important to understand the client, and the family law attorneys do just that. Instead of simply getting their client through the process and wishing them luck, the attorneys of Family Law treat their clients like family. As said by Barbara D. Nunneley herself, they view their clients as if they were their own family. They view them as if they were their own mother, or father, and puts themselves in a position to give them clients the best and easiest experience possible.
Knowing how stressful and emotional the process can be, the attorneys focus on their client's well being throughout the entire process, before and after. They also put utmost importance on the children, as well, as they are the ones that most likely have the hardest time understanding the issues surrounding them. To make the process even more simple, the team work closely with their clients in collecting proper information regarding their case. To them, feeling cared for and making their client's situation less stressful with sufficient preparation is most important. With the family law attorneys handling the case, the clients and their children can focus on the healing process.
The attorneys at Nunneley Family Law Firm have been aiding families in cases in divorce, child support, and child custody, among other practices, and have been the go-to firm for many families in the Fort Worth area. They provide professional guidance to all their clients with care and dedication. To find out more, visit https://www.nunneleyfamilylaw.com/.
About Nunneley Family Law Firm
Nunneley Family Law has been helping families in the Fort Worth and Mid-Cities area resolve complicated family law issues for over 35 years. Their team of professionals provides the clarity and focus you need to break through the turmoil and reach equitable and fair closure.
1:24 Tony Romo says they showed they can be the same guy Pause
3:10 2005 Cross Plains fire changed town, and volunteer fire department
2:07 Are the Dallas Cowboys still America's Team?
1:35 Police Athletic League starts boxing program
0:26 TRE train kills woman who fell onto tracks
2:59 Cullen Davis on meeting with John Farr
1:59 Cullen Davis on the murder victims: 'That's ancient history'
1:03 Oversized coats are winter's ultimate wrap star
4:04 Talkin' Cowboys: Clarence Hill and Charean Williams on the finale
Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *}
Sign in using your whbq profile
Welcome back. Please sign in
Why are we asking this?
By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account?
We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account.
Thank you for registering!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
Click here to return to the page you were visiting.
Don't forget to give yourself the fast AD FREE Whaleoil experience! Click Here to subscribe to ad-free Whaleoil. (You'll be giving us a present too!)
OTTAWA - The London Free Press has won the prestigious Michener Award for public service in journalism for its work on problems in Ontario's criminal, corrections and mental-health systems.
The newspaper's series, called "Indiscernible," was a two-year investigation into the life and death of local figure Jamie High, which the Michener Foundation says exemplified the importance of local media.
The foundation says the series led to changes in policing, bail, community and hospital mental health care, the relationships between hospitals and police, the role of courts, and the treatment of inmates.
"The judges concurred that this two-year investigation exemplifies the best in public service journalism and the critical value of local media," said Russell Mills, president of the Michener Awards Foundation.
Michener Citations of Merit were awarded to The Globe and Mail, National Observer, La Presse and The Toronto Star.
The CBC, Radio-Canada and The Toronto Star also captured a Citation of Merit for a joint submission entitled Panama Papers," which explored outrage over offshore tax havens.
The Globe and Mail received its citation for "Shadow flipping," an exploration of real estate sales practices in B.C.
"Everyone knew something was happening in the real estate markets of Canada's biggest cities but it was only through journalism that the public and policy-makers got the facts," said David Walmsley, the Globe and Mail's editor-in-chief.
The National Observer citation was for "Pipeline Panel," which revealed a private meeting between members of a National Energy Board panel and former Quebec premier Jean Charest.
Montreal's La Presse received a citation for an investigation into video lottery terminals and the Toronto Star was cited for "Secrecy and SIU," which exposed a lack of transparency in the Ontario police watchdog's public reporting process.
Gov.-Gen. David Johnston presented the award to the London Free Press in a ceremony at Rideau Hall in Ottawa on Wednesday night.
The Michener Award was founded in 1970 by former governor general Roland Michener and it honours and celebrates excellence in public service journalism.
LINCOLN, Neb. (AP) _ Nebraska's longest-serving lawmaker is once again trying to repeal a law that could allow county officials to kill black-tailed prairie dogs on private property if a neighbor complains. Sen. Ernie Chambers of Omaha says the 2012 law violates property rights by allowing the government to trespass on private land without a warrant or other due process safeguards. They proposed a repeal measure Tuesday to the Legislature's Agriculture Committee. Black-tailed prairie dogs are native to Nebraska and considered an important species to maintain the region's ecological balance, but some ranchers view them as pests because they tear up valuable grassland. Only Sheridan County in northwest Nebraska has made use of the law. County Commissioner Jack Andersen says the law helps local officials deal with landowners who don't manage their property.
“Many American workers today are feeling stressed about retirement and are not taking steps to prepare for it.” That's one of the major findings of the Employee Benefit Research Institute (EBRI) 2017 Retirement Confidence Survey. You might be thinking that if someone feels deep anxiety about saving for the future, the best course of action would be to stop freaking out about it and just do something.
Beyond having to cope with the reality of tight family budgets or the overhang of debt, there may be something deeper at work. I recently was listening to an NPR “Hidden Brain” podcast that partially explained why many Americans have such a difficult time saving for retirement: A recent episode discussed the phenomenon of scarcity, and the impacts that researchers Sendhil Mullainathan and Eldar Shafir have found it has on those struggling to manage with less than they need. (They have co-authored a book, “Scarcity: The New Science of Having Less and How It Defines Our Lives,” on the topic.)
The result of their studies may resonate with some of you. When you are in the scarcity mode, you obsess about what is lacking and find yourself immobilized by the downward plunge into a rabbit hole. Instead of determining how to get out of the hole, your mind digs the hole even deeper and keeps you there.
After learning about the effects of scarcity, I began to think that the concept might help to explain some of the EBRI survey results. Imagine that if you are not saving for retirement, your brain obsessively focuses on that very fact. With all of that energy directed toward what you are not doing, there's no room for anything else and you become frozen.
Perhaps that's why EBRI found that 30 percent of workers report that they feel mentally or emotionally stressed about preparing for retirement. In addition, another 30 percent say that they worry about their personal finances while at work. “Half of these workers believe they would be more productive at work if they didn't spend time worrying.”
How can we help those who are feeling this kind of debilitating anxiety? As previous EBRI confidence surveys have found, those who have a retirement plan, regardless of type, feel less stressed about retirement preparations and are more likely to have started saving for retirement. About three-quarters of employed workers have access to an employer-based retirement plan, and 83 percent of eligible employees say they contribute money to that plan.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
Of course, just providing access to a retirement plan will not solve the problem. There has to be a concerted effort to help those who can to scrounge up just a little bit more and direct it toward the long-term goal of retirement. Perhaps this will have to take the form of gentle nudging or reminding. There is evidence that automatically enrolling workers into retirement plans leads to increased participation rates. And automatically escalating contribution rates by small increments can help participants put more money to work. If your employer does not offer a retirement plan, you can implement these strategies yourself. Where possible, automate your saving and investment systems, which may lead to better outcomes.
Finally, many of you write me and ask how to start. I know that it is daunting, but like so many other difficult tasks, like diet and exercise, it's easier to begin with a small goal. Instead of telling yourself that you need to accumulate hundreds of thousands of dollars by age 70, just try to save 1 percent to 3 percent of your earnings in a retirement account by the end of the year. Focus on establishing the habit and then slowly build on it.
Jill Schlesinger, a certified financial planner, is a CBS News business analyst. They welcome emailed comments and questions at askjill@jillonmoney.com.
AUBURN, Ala. (AP) — Jarrett Stidham remembers the date of their last snap in a game, even though it's been awhile.
The former Baylor quarterback won't have to wait much longer for their next one. They have won Auburn's starting job going into the season opener after spending last fall at a junior college that didn't have a football program.
“I haven't played since Nov. 21 of 2015,” Stidham said Monday, hours after being told the job was his. “I know exactly when my last snap was, and I'm itching to get back out there.”
That will happen Sept. 2 against Georgia Southern, a date that Stidham said has been marked on their calendar since they arrived on campus.
The Tigers are banking on them to help jump-start the passing game and the offense.
Coach Gus Malzahn announced their choice of Stidham in a Twitter post Monday after informing the team. The 6-foot-3, 214-pound sophomore enrolled in January as the nation's top-rated junior college prospect. They beat out Sean White, who has gone 9-7 in starts over the past two seasons despite injury problems.
Malzahn said White is the No. 2 quarterback and “could start for a whole lot of teams in this league.”
After the announcement, White Tweeted: “All in!! War Eagle.”
Malzahn said Stidham's leadership and ability to win over their teammates and coaches stood out as much as the on-the-field abilities.
“He is a gym rat as far as football goes,” Malzahn said. “He's always in the film room trying to get better. He's got an extremely strong arm. He's got a lot of skills that could be a very good quarterback.”
The Tigers ranked 112th nationally in passing offense last season and 49th in scoring. Stidham figures to bring more downfield passing, and perhaps more mobility, to the up-tempo offense run by Malzahn and new offensive coordinator Chip Lindsey than Auburn has had since Nick Marshall left after the 2014 season.
“I think he's a lot better athlete than people think,” Malzahn said. “He runs a 4.6 (40). He's got a 35-inch vertical. He's pretty athletic.”
Stidham was the offensive MVP in Auburn's spring game, when White was sidelined while recovering from surgery to repair a broken right forearm sustained in the Sugar Bowl loss to Oklahoma.
Stidham passed for 1,165 yards and 12 touchdowns as a first-year student at Baylor in 2015.
They left Baylor after Art Briles was fired. They were expected to back up Seth Russell last season, and said the move was just what was best for their career.
“Me and my family just thought that was the best move for me,” Stidham said. “Just didn't know really what was going to go on moving forward at Baylor.”
The move is working out well so far.
___
More AP college football: http://collegefootball.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP_Top25
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Utter confusion reigned on social media following the news of Russian journalist Arkady Babchenko, who had been reported shot and killed in Ukraine on May 29, actually being alive.
Mr. Babchenko turned up at a news conference on May 30 to the surprise of the international community and media alike. According to Vasily Gritsak, head of the Ukrainian Security Service, the journalist's death was faked to catch those who were trying to kill him.
READ MORE: 'Murdered' Russian Journalist Speaks at Briefing of Ukraine's Security Service
Reactions poured from social media users, amid the unexpected revelation Babchenko showing at the conference in Kiev.
My reaction to Arkady Babchenko showing up at this press conference alive pic.twitter.com/GrWC3HAtmq — Michael Gravesande (@OldBlackHack) May 30, 2018​
Arkady Babchenko is actually alive, the whole death thing was actually a special operation to catch those plotting to kill him, they say at a press conference. Wow. Only in Ukraine https://t.co/hwvDfGdyJs pic.twitter.com/W1R98JQqSA — Alec Luhn (@ASLuhn) May 30, 2018​
Babchenko's wife: He's actually dead now. No, really, I mean it, I just murdered him, you can't say they don't deserve it. — David Klion 🔥 (@DavidKlion) May 30, 2018​
Arkady #Babchenko is now in the rather special position of being able to read what people wrote about them after their death. — Euan MacDonald (@Euan_MacDonald) May 30, 2018​
That's some high level James Bond stuff right there. #Babchenko — Darren Jalland (@larbertred) May 30, 2018​
Arkady Babchenko thanking everyone who mourned their death has me thinking of this awesome Friends episode when no-one shows up at Ross' memorial service pic.twitter.com/zwPKE5pNi5 — Wassim Cornet (@WassimCornet) May 30, 2018​
Russian journalist Babchenko clearly inspired by….. pic.twitter.com/Cco7Jht3is — sanya burgess (@sanyaburgess) May 30, 2018​
[Picturing the action movie based on Babchenko's day] pic.twitter.com/zt9A84RfTb — David Thomas (@DaveThomas5150) May 30, 2018​
Arkady Babchenko rn pic.twitter.com/L1ZPjRU2Fe — Dashiell Bennett (@dashbot) May 30, 2018​
Arkady Babchenko arriving at the news conference: pic.twitter.com/pKLgDuHFT3 — Marco (@bleediotiev) May 30, 2018​
Edited highlights of the Babchenko press conference pic.twitter.com/RpcprrhM1n — Alan White (@aljwhite) May 30, 2018​
Reports of Babchenko's death came in on Tuesday, with high profile politicians and the journalist's friends and colleagues reacting to the news of the murder.
During the press conference, Mr. Grytsak told the audience that the "organizer of this crime" was detained in Kiev. They also accused the Russian security services of recruiting a Ukrainian national to kill Mr. Babchenko.
The Russian Foreign Mministry has reacted to the staged death, saying that they were happy Mr. Babchenko had turned out to be alive after all. The Ministry however noted that Ukraine has used their story as propaganda.
Prior to the latest development, Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov called Ukraine's accusations against Russia cynical.
THE USA AND BEYOND
Doug Jones, newly sworn-in US Senator from Alabama, hired a Black Chief of Staff, Dana Gresham, a Washington, DC insider who worked for 8 years in the Obama Administration. What a difference a major Black turnout makes. Gresham in the only Black Chief of Staff for a Democratic US Senator.
The Legal Defense Fund files lawsuit on behalf of the NAACP and its Haitian members in response to the US Department of Homeland Security's decision to rescind the Temporary Protective Status (TPS) designation for Haitian immigrants. Lawsuit argues that the “DHS took irrational and discriminatory government action denying Haitian immigrants their right to due process and equal protection under the Fifth Amendment”. It is official, the African Union (AU) Diaspora headquarters will be based in Accompong, Jamaica during the official ceremony to mark the anniversary of the signing of the Peace Treaty between the Accompong Maroons – runaway enslaved Africans – and the British in 1739. Accompong is a sovereign state inside Jamaica, West Indies. AU Diaspora headquarters opens in February. The AU recognizes the Diaspora as the 6th Region of the Union.
BUSINESS MATTERS
Jesse Jackson's 21st Annual Wall Street Project Economic Education Summit convenes February 8-9 at the Sheraton NY Times Square Hotel. The Wall Street Project Summit challenges Corporate America to end the multibillion-dollar trade deficit with minority vendors and consumers. [Visit rainbowpushwallstreetproject.org] American Express Chairman/CEO Ken Chenault, 66, retires on February 1. They have been a fixture for years as one of a handful of African-Americans who run Fortune 500 companies. A Harvard Law School graduate, Chenault started working at AMEX in 1981. Last week, Chenault was named to the FACEBOOK Board of Directors, a first for an African-American. According to the Executive Leadership Council, Black men represent 5.6% of board memberships, and Black women represent 2.2% of the board memberships at Fortune 500 corporations.
INTERNATIONAL AFFAIRS The same US President (Trump) who referenced Haiti and Africa as shitholes sent a 1/25 letter to the AFRICAN UNION which began: “I offer my deepest compliments as you gather in Addis Ababa for the 30th African Union Summit. I salute the leadership of Chairperson Moussa Faki in working to transform the Union into an increasingly effective institution to advance economic prosperity, strengthen peace and security and deliver positive outcomes for Africa and the broader international community. I congratulate Their Excellency Paul Kagame on their accession as Chairman of the Assembly……” They continued, “The US profoundly respects the partnerships and values we share with the AU, member states and citizens across the continent…….” The Trump people who composed this note to the AU is not the same team who does their bidding.
Trump arrived in Davos for the Economic Summit on 1/25, with the memory of their “shithole nations” potty-mouth remarks fresh on conferees' minds. African heads of states from South Africa and Zimbabwe were in Davos. Trump did meet with Rwanda's Paul Kagame, who heads the AU. Uganda's President Museveni allowed that Trump is one of America's best presidents who speak frankly to Africans.
ARTS AND CULTURE
PIONEERS: Reginald F. Lewis and “The Making of a Billion-Dollar Empire” is a documentary that chronicles the life and legacy of business titan/ philanthropist Reginald Lewis. A Harvard Law School alum, Lewis rose to prominence as a lawyer, venture capitalist and leader of the global food company TLC Beatrice International.  They are the first American to close an overseas billion-dollar leveraged buyout deal, acquiring an unprecedented global conglomerate of 64 companies in 31 countries. Documentary celebrates the 30th Anniversary of Lewis' $985 million leveraged purchase of TLC Beatrice International. Documentary airs on dates 2/16, WLIW21 at 8 pm; 2/18, THIRTEEN, 7:30 pm; 2/24 NJTV at 7 pm. Available for streaming nationally at thirteen.org after 2/18. [Visit reginaldflewis.com]
Read Julani Cobb's 1/15/18 New Yorker magazine insightful essay, “ANNALS OF EDUCATION under Trump: A Hard Test for Howard University”. Howard, an HBCU, gets 40% of its annual operating budget, $221 million in 2016, from a congressional appropriation; in addition to the Howard board, the faculty, students and the ruling political leadership during any 4-year period. These are perilous times for Howard, its president, Trinidadian-born Wayne A.I. Frederick MD, a Howard alum and a surgeon oncologist. Students spray-painted a campus wall which reads, “Welcome to the Trump plantation, Overseer: Wayne Frederick”. Cobb walks the reader down history lane and Howard's origins to emphasize how perilous their course is in keeping Howard's doors open in the time of Trump. A really interesting read. This year is the 150th Anniversary of the birth of entrepreneur Madame C.J. Walker, America's first self-made woman millionaire. The National Trust for Historic Preservation announced plans for a preservation easement for Madam Walker's Irvington, NY estate, aka Villa Lewaro, which was built in 1918. This protection status means that the mansion owners cannot make changes to the property that destroys its historical and architectural integrity. Villa Lewaro's current owners are Mrs. and Ambassador Harold Doley, an African-American couple who invested in extensive mansion restoration after buying it in the ‘90s. In Indianapolis, where Walker founded their storied business, a $15 million renovation for the upgrades and expansion of the Madame C.J. Walker Legacy Center, begins this year. It was made possible by a Lilly Endowment grant and the center's partnership with Indiana University-Purdue University. Harlem Fashion Week, the Fall/Winter 2018 edition, uptown's visual feast, returns with a vengeance on February 2-4 complete with industry bells and whistles. The HFW Opening Night Charity Gala kicks off at the Renaissance Restaurant. There will be a Designer Meet and Greet and HFW culminates with a uber-glam runway show at the Museum of the City of NY, which includes RTW and couture designed by emerging and renown designers as well as a Malcolm X Legacy Collection, co-created by their six daughters. Harlem Fashion Week is produced by Yvonne Jewnell NY, LLC. [Visit Harlemfw.com]
A Harlem-based management consultant, Victoria can be reached at Victoria.horsford@gmail.com.
Many of the first-year student stars who garnered so much of the college basketball world's attention during the regular season have already been bounced from March Madness.
Arizona's Deandre Ayton, Oklahoma's Trae Young, Missouri's Michael Porter Jr., Alabama's Collin Sexton and Texas' Mohamed Bamba are all considered potential NBA lottery picks whenever they decide to turn pro. They're also all out of the NCAA Tournament after facing the harsh reality that sometimes individual talent isn't enough in March.
Sexton is the only first-year student from that group who even reached the second round.
"I hate losing," Young said after Oklahoma's first-round overtime loss to Rhode Island . "That's not in my DNA, losing."
One lesson these freshmen are learning is rather obvious: It always helps to be surrounded by experienced players or equally talented freshmen.
Only three of the top seven prospects from the 2017 recruiting class according to the 247Sports Composite remain in the tournament. It's probably no coincidence that all three of them play for the same school: Duke.
Duke's Marvin Bagley, Trevon Duval and Wendell Carter Jr. are in the regional semifinals after helping the Blue Devils win their first two NCAA Tournament games by an average margin of 23½ points. Duke has five players - including four freshmen - with NCAA Tournament scoring averages in double figures thus far.
"Just being able to share the wealth in between one another and for us to be all together and be unselfish, it's a great thing," Carter said.
The Duke freshmen say they have benefited from having talented classmates around them who are going through similar situations. They've also worked alongside senior guard Grayson Allen and their wealth of postseason experience.
"That's the reason I came to Duke, to play with a lot of great guys who I've seen play before and to be able to team up with these guys and figure out each other and work together," Bagley said. "It's a great feeling."
Kentucky also has reached the Sweet 16 with a first-year student class that included five of the nation's top 18 Class of 2017 recruits according to the 247Sports Composite. Freshmen Shai Gilgeous-Alexander, Hamidou Diallo, PJ Washington and Kevin Knox have averaged a combined 66 points in two NCAA Tournament games.
Many of the notable freshmen who were ousted from the NCAA Tournament played quite well.
Young had 28 points and seven assists against Rhode Island. Ayton had 14 points and 13 rebounds in Arizona's loss to Buffalo . Bamba had 13 points and 14 rebounds before fouling out of an overtime loss to Nevada. Porter played just three games for Missouri all season because of a lower back injury that required surgery , but they had 16 points and 10 rebounds against Florida State . Sexton averaged 21 points in their two NCAA Tournament games.
"For anybody not to remember Deandre as the greatest first-year student that ever walked through Arizona, they weren't paying attention, statistically and just the type of kid they are," Arizona coach Sean Miller said. "He's destined to do some great things. When you get someone like him, you want to go all the way, right? And when you lose in the first round, that's a tough pill to swallow."
But in many cases, they didn't have enough help. For instance, Sexton was the only Alabama player to score in double figures in the Crimson Tide's second-round loss to Villanova.
Now these freshmen will have to sit and watch the rest of the NCAA Tournament while learning from the frustrating finishes to their seasons.
"I left everything I could, and I know my teammates did as well, (left) everything they could on that floor," Young said. "But I've had to mature, like I said, all season. This is all the process. This is all - this is a chapter in my book. This season, that chapter is closed now."
___
AP Sports Writer Will Graves in Pittsburgh contributed to this report.
___
More AP college basketball: https://collegebasketball.ap.org ; https://twitter.com/AP_Top25 and https://www.podcastone.com/ap-sports-special-events
By The Associated Press
All Times EST EASTERN CONFERENCE Atlantic Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA Home Away Div Tampa Bay 29 21 6 2 44 110 74 13-2-1 8-4-1 5-2-0 Toronto 31 20 10 1 41 106 88 10-5-0 10-5-1 5-1-1 Boston 27 14 9 4 32 78 75 9-4-2 5-5-2 1-1-2 Montreal 31 13 14 4 30 85 99 8-7-3 5-7-1 8-1-1 Detroit 29 11 13 5 27 80 97 5-6-4 6-7-1 3-7-0 Florida 29 11 14 4 26 88 104 6-6-3 5-8-1 3-3-1 Ottawa 28 9 12 7 25 77 98 4-5-5 5-7-2 2-2-1 Buffalo 29 7 17 5 19 62 99 3-9-1 4-8-4 2-4-2 Metropolitan Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA Home Away Div Columbus 30 19 10 1 39 86 73 11-5-0 8-5-1 6-4-0 Washington 30 18 11 1 37 94 88 12-5-0 6-6-1 5-2-0 New Jersey 29 16 9 4 36 89 91 6-5-2 10-4-2 2-3-0 N.Y. Islanders 29 16 10 3 35 105 99 8-1-2 8-9-1 4-3-1 Pittsburgh 31 16 12 3 35 93 102 10-4-1 6-8-2 4-2-0 N.Y. Rangers 29 16 11 2 34 98 87 12-5-2 4-6-0 5-4-2 Carolina 28 11 10 7 29 78 88 6-4-3 5-6-4 2-3-2 Philadelphia 29 11 11 7 29 83 86 4-6-4 7-5-3 1-0-3 WESTERN CONFERENCE Central Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA Home Away Div St. Louis 30 20 8 2 42 101 76 10-5-0 10-3-2 5-1-1 Nashville 29 18 7 4 40 95 84 11-2-2 7-5-2 8-1-1 Winnipeg 30 17 8 5 39 102 86 10-2-1 7-6-4 5-1-1 Dallas 30 16 13 1 33 89 89 10-4-0 6-9-1 4-8-0 Chicago 30 14 11 5 33 90 82 8-5-2 6-6-3 2-5-2 Minnesota 28 14 11 3 31 83 84 8-3-2 6-8-1 4-5-0 Colorado 28 13 13 2 28 90 94 8-5-1 5-8-1 4-5-1 Pacific Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA Home Away Div Los Angeles 31 20 8 3 43 97 68 10-5-2 10-3-1 3-3-2 Vegas 29 19 9 1 39 103 91 11-2-0 8-7-1 9-1-0 San Jose 28 16 10 2 34 76 65 9-6-1 7-4-1 4-1-2 Calgary 30 16 12 2 34 88 94 8-8-0 8-4-2 5-3-0 Vancouver 30 14 12 4 32 81 85 5-6-3 9-6-1 3-5-0 Anaheim 30 12 11 7 31 80 89 7-7-3 5-4-4 3-2-4 Edmonton 30 12 16 2 26 86 99 5-9-0 7-7-2 4-1-0 Arizona 33 7 21 5 19 75 114 3-8-1 4-13-4 1-5-3
NOTE: Two points for a win, one point for overtime loss. Top three teams in each division and two wild cards per conference advance to playoffs.
Saturday's Games
St. Louis 6, Detroit 1
Edmonton 6, Montreal 2
Colorado 7, Florida 3
Tampa Bay 4, Winnipeg 3, OT
Columbus 1, Arizona 0
Boston 3, N.Y. Islanders 1
Toronto 4, Pittsburgh 3
N.Y. Rangers 5, New Jersey 2
Vegas 5, Dallas 3
San Jose 5, Ottawa 0
Calgary 4, Vancouver 2
Los Angeles 3, Carolina 2, OT
Sunday's Games
Chicago 3, Arizona 1
Toronto 1, Edmonton 0
Buffalo at St. Louis, 7 p.m.
Minnesota at San Jose, 9 p.m.
Monday's Games
Colorado at Pittsburgh, 7 p.m.
Dallas at N.Y. Rangers, 7 p.m.
Washington at N.Y. Islanders, 7 p.m.
Florida at Detroit, 7:30 p.m.
Vancouver at Winnipeg, 8 p.m.
Carolina at Anaheim, 10 p.m.
Tuesday's Games
Edmonton at Columbus, 7 p.m.
Ottawa at Buffalo, 7 p.m.
Toronto at Philadelphia, 7 p.m.
Colorado at Washington, 7 p.m.
Los Angeles at New Jersey, 7 p.m.
Calgary at Minnesota, 8 p.m.
Tampa Bay at St. Louis, 8 p.m.
Florida at Chicago, 8:30 p.m.
Carolina at Vegas, 10 p.m.
Wednesday's Games
Dallas at N.Y. Islanders, 7 p.m.
N.Y. Rangers at Ottawa, 7 p.m.
Boston at Detroit, 8 p.m.
Nashville at Vancouver, 10 p.m.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
CANBERRA, Australia (AP) - Four in five victims of child sexual abuse in Australian institutions are now eligible for compensation after three churches, the Scouts movement and the YMCA joined a federal government redress plan, an official said on Thursday.
The Catholic Church, Australia's largest denomination, on Wednesday became the first non-government institution to commit to the 3.8 billion Australian dollar ($2.9 billion) national plan.
The Anglican Church, Salvation Army, Scouts Australia and the Young Men's Christian Association, better known as YMCA, committed to join on Thursday.
Flanked by representatives of the churches and associations, Social Services Minister Dan Tehan said their participation meant that 80 percent of Australia's 60,000 known abuse victims were now covered by the plan.
"Can I thank the institutions who are here with us today for the leadership that they have shown, for owning up to past wrongs, for owning up for behavior which can only be described as despicable and deplorable ... for wanting to turn a page, to provide redress and make sure that those survivors get the justice that they deserve," Tehan said at Parliament House.
The Catholic Church estimates it alone will be liable for about AU$1 billion ($757 million) in compensation.
Archbishop of Adelaide Philip Wilson last week became the most senior Catholic cleric in the world to be convicted of covering up child sex abuse. They face a potential two-year prison term when they appear in court in June to be sentenced for protecting a pedophile priest in the 1970s.
Pope Francis' former finance minister, Cardinal George Pell, faces trial on sexual assault charges in Australia. The exact details and nature of the charges have not been disclosed to the public, though police have described them as "historical" sexual assaults, meaning they are alleged to have occurred decades ago.
Catholic leaders have long backed a national redress plan but the churches, charities and other non-government institutions needed the state and territory governments to sign on first.
Western Australia is the final state to join, although state Attorney-General John Quigley said the negotiations with the federal government could be finalized within two months.
Tehan said the plan was on track to begin on July 1 if legislation passes the Senate.
The plan will cover people who were sexually abused as children by institutional figures over decades. Payments will be capped at AU$150,000 ($113,000), with previously received compensation being deducted from any new amount.
The plan was recommended by the Royal Commission into Institutional Responses to Child Sexual Abuse, which made its final report in December.
Australia's longest-running royal commission - which is the country's highest form of inquiry - had been investigating since 2012 how institutions responded to sexual abuse of children in Australia over 90 years. The inquiry heard the testimonies of more than 8,000 survivors of child sex abuse. Of those who were abused in religious institution, 62 percent were Catholics.
Independent South Australian senator Lucy Gichuhi has defected to the Liberal party in a surprise move giving the prime minister a much-needed additional seat in the senate.
Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull welcomed the new Liberal member to the party on Friday afternoon outside parliament.
"Those values - freedom, enterprise, getting ahead, opportunity - they are liberal values and you embody them ... welcome to the Liberal family," Mr Turnbull said in a video posted on Twitter.
Ms Gichuhi took the seat of Family First senator Bob Day following a vote recount after they were ruled ineligible to stand for election.
They then quit Family First after it merged with the Australian Conservatives.
In the social media video the new Liberal senator said they thought the move would help them serve South Australians.
"I didn't discover that until I did my maiden speech and I thought wow - I can't believe how liberal I am at the core," Ms Gichuhi explained.
The shock move has improved the Coalition government's position in the senate, bringing the total of seats to 29 to Labor's 25.
But the government will still need the support of the crossbench in order to pass legislation.
The defection is another boost for Mr Turnbull after the resignation of Labor MP David Feeney who was unable to prove they were no longer a British citizen.
The Greens are a big chance to win the by-election in Mr Feeney's seat of Batman, which would give the government some breathing space in the lower house where it currently holds a one-seat majority.
Uh-Oh!
It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information.
If you used an Optimum login, click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account.
If you used a Newsday login, it looks like it's not connected to an active subscriber account. To verify your subscription information, click the Connect Account button.
Otherwise, click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account.
A suspicious "device" believed to be a jerry can with what appears to be a gas bottle attached, has been found near an outer Melbourne police station and courthouse but police have declared the area safe.
The Victoria Police Bomb Response Unit attended the street in Frankston on Tuesday morning, where the station and Magistrates Court is located.
A dirty brown paper bag seen resting up against the wall of the Frankston Law Courts, was believed to contain a red jerry can, attached to what appears to be a blue gas bottle.
Police cordoned off the area and sent in two robotic devices to remove any danger.
The police bomb response unit attended to do safety checks but by 10am the area was declared safe and reopened to the public.
Cayman Islands National Cricket team captain Ramon Sealy goes to bat for Technical Director Peter Anderson and calls for the cricket community to support him.
This comes after some in the cricket community, including Sports Councillor David Wight, voiced anger and disappointment following the team's winless run in the ICC World Cricket League Division 5 tournament.
Sealy says now is the time to rally around the team and the sport's top coach.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Print
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Thieves have stolen a range of electronic items in a string of break-ins in Cheltenham.
The town was hit by five burglaries and one attempted burglary in the week up to May 29, while a car was also stolen and there were three thefts from cars.
The spree saw game consoles, laptops, four computers, an iPad, satnav and phone stolen. Jewellery and bank cards were also looted.
These offences are the latest of dozens of break-ins and car crimes in Cheltenham this month, as reported by Gloucestershire Live.
Burglaries in week up to May 29 Between 2pm and 3pm on May 22, an attempt was made to force the front door of communal flats in St Stephens Road, Tivoli. No entry was gained. Between 7.30am and 5.30pm on 23 May, a flat in a house in Evesham Road, St Pauls, was entered by forcing the front door. Entry was gained and the premises were searched. An iPad and jewellery were stolen. On the night of May 24, a house in Fiddlers Green Lane, Springbank, was entered via an insecure front door. Game consoles, a mobile phone and women's handbag were stolen. The bag was found further down the road minus a bank card which had been used via the tap and pay method in and around Cheltenham. Between the May 13 and 24, a house in Prestbury Road near Pittville Circus, Whaddon, was entered by smashing a rear window. Premises were searched and jewellery wasstolen. Between May 15 and 25, a flat in Clarence Square, St Paul's, was entered by forcing the rear patio door. Three computers were stolen, as well as bank cards which were used at several locations around Cheltenham. On May 26, a handbag and its contents were stolen from an insecure house in Shelley Road, St Mark's. On the night of May 27, the same house was entered using keys from the handbag with the offender taking keys to a vehicle on the drive. This was then stolen and later recovered in Coronation Square.
An iPad was also stolen at 11.45pm on May 19, when a male was found in a University of Gloucestershire student's room at Park Campus, Tivoli. The male fled through the window as the student entered the room.
The Cheltenham Neighbourhood Watch Association said: "Always lock your house when you leave it, leave a light or a radio on a timer switch to give the impression that it is occupied."
Thefts from vehicles in week up to May 29 Two males in hoodies were seen on CCTV getting into an insecure vehicle in Oldfield Crescent, St Mark's, at 1.50am on May 22. A set of keys and the vehicle's handbook were stolen.
On the night of May 24, car in Hewlett Road, Fairview, was entered by smashing the front passenger window. The vehicle was searched and a Garmin satnav stolen.
On the night of May 26, a car parked in Lypiatt Street, Tivoli, was entered by unknown means and two holdalls were stolen containing clothing, trainers, toiletry and makeup bags. A laptop and tablet computer were also stolen.
The neighbourhood watch warned residents to make sure their vehicle is secure even when it is on their own driveway.
A spokesperson for the watch urged people to "take that extra second to make sure that it is in fact locked".
If you have information about any of the above incidents or any of the property stolen please contact the Police on 101 or via e mail at 101@gloucestershire.pnn.police.uk
Any information can always be given anonymously to Crime Stoppers on 0800 555 111.
As has become almost the standard in GT racing in the World Endurance Championship, Balance of Performance (BoP) is a big talking point in this class. As the 24 Hours of Le Mans has its own rules for BoP and how it is calculated, some teams are affected more by BoP in this race than others. Ford Chip Ganassi feel they have been hit with BoP too hard for the 24-hour endurance race and believe it could be enough to take them out of contention for the win.
Current GT World Endurance Driver's Championship leader Andy Priaulx stated that they did not feel Ford was the quickest on track in the Pro field for this race, something that has not been the case in the first two races of the season, because of the heavy BoP that Ford has been handed. They also commented that Ferrari, the fastest Pro cars in the test, were not even going as fast as the fastest Fords last year which seemed odd to him.
In terms of the Championship standings, it does make sense that Priaulx would be worried about a BoP deficit, especially to the AF Corse Ferraris that sit second and third in the championship. With double points on offer for this race event it could make all the difference to the championship winner at the end of the year.
The 2016 24 Hours of Le Mans saw Ford on top and looking unbeatable. Unfortunately for the WEC-running Team UK Ford GTs, it was the Team USA Fords that had all the luck and ended on the podium.
Five extra Pro cars join the field for this race, with all of the extra entrants coming over from American racing. Joey Hand and Dirk Müller return to try and take their second class win at Le Mans after winning last year. They come back in the #69 Ford Chip Ganassi Team USA car.
After their qualifying accident at the Indy500 that saw them suffer injuries to their hip and pelvis, Sebastien Bourdais has been forced to step out of the Ford due to their recovery. They will be unable to try and repeat their win from last year, but hands over the responsibility to fellow IndyCar competitor Tony Kanaan. Kanaan takes to the Circuit de la Sarthe for the first time ever in the practice session later on this evening.
AP Photo/Astrid Galvan
PHOENIX (AP) — As some cities reaffirm support for sanctuary policies that protect immigrants, Phoenix finds itself in an unusual position to push back against any immigration actions by the new White House.
The Phoenix City Council on Wednesday will discuss a petition to adopt the sanctuary label, following the lead of Chicago, Los Angeles, New York and others in a city with one of the nation's largest populations of immigrants in the country illegally. But the effort is complicated by the fact that Arizona's landmark 2010 immigration law, known as SB1070, bars any Arizona city from becoming a sanctuary.
The Phoenix metro area is home to about 250,000 immigrants in the country illegally, according to a report last week from the Pew Research Center. The report is based on data from 2014. New York, Los Angeles and Houston have the highest number of immigrants who lack legal status.
Cities are doubling down on sanctuary policies in light of an order by President Donald Trump requiring immigration authorities to arrest and deport more people. The city policies vary but essentially bar local police from cooperating with federal immigration authorities.
Phoenix has a Democratic, immigrant-friendly mayor who has denounced Trump, but their hands are tied because of SB1070.
The law requires local police to question the immigration status of people suspected of being in the country illegally while enforcing other laws or in the course of an investigation. Most of the law was gutted by the courts, but city leaders say the surviving sections prevent local government agencies from restricting the enforcement of federal immigration law.
Still, pressure has mounted on Mayor Greg Stanton from immigrant advocacy groups who want the city to adopt sanctuary policies and from police and Republican leaders who oppose the measure.
City attorney Brad Holm says in a letter to the city manager that the petition for sanctuary status is “legally impermissible.”
“It demands that the council break state law. If the petition were adopted, a court could fine the city for breaking the law, and the attorney general could seek forfeiture of state-shared revenue,” Holm wrote.
Stanton last week blasted the Trump administration over the deportation of 35-year-old Guadalupe Garcia de Rayos, a Phoenix-area woman who until now had been granted leniency by Obama policies that aimed to protect immigrants without violent pasts and who have ties to the community. Garcia de Rayos was arrested in Phoenix during a routine check-in with U.S. Immigration Customs Enforcement and was deported the next day to Nogales, Mexico.
“Rather than tracking down violent criminals and drug dealers, ICE is spending its energy deporting a woman with two American children who has lived here for more than two decades and poses a threat to nobody,” Stanton wrote on Twitter.
Stanton denounced Garcia de Rayos' deportation, but immigration activists called on them to use their power and not just their voice.
“If there was ever a time when we need your courage and we need you to stand up and we need you to put actions behind saying that Phoenix PD is not gonna become a mass deportation machine, it's now,” said Francisca Porchas, of Puente Arizona, an immigrant rights group. “This is when we need Mayor Stanton, the city council, the state, everybody who is of conscience to stand up and defy this racist law.”
Comments
comments
JERUSALEM (AP) — Israeli media is reporting that police are expected to question Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on a pair of corruption allegations.
A black screen was placed Monday in front of Netanyahu's official residence in apparent anticipation of the police investigators' arrival and to obstruct the view of journalists seeking to film them.
Netanyahu has denied what they call the “baseless” reports that they received gifts from two business people.
Israel's Channel 2 TV has reported that Netanyahu accepted “favors” from business people in Israel and abroad. It said Netanyahu was the central suspect in a second investigation that also involves family members. It said a criminal probe is expected next week.
An opposition lawmaker is also campaigning for Netanyahu to be investigated over suspicions that donors improperly transferred money for their personal use.
Comments
WTOP is now using Facebook as our comment platform. Need help? Email us
comments
MANCHESTER, England (AP) — Surely nothing can stop Manchester City now.
The race for the Premier League title is turning into a procession after City beat fierce rival Manchester United 2-1 on Sunday, extending its lead to 11 points in a record-breaking start to the season.
This 14th straight victory for City is a record run in a single top-flight season. No team has ever had this many points — 46 — after 16 games in the Premier League. To put City's form into context, 46 points would have secured eighth place in the league last season.
It's only early December.
Pep Guardiola's team is doing it in style, too. Having already beaten Liverpool 5-0 and overwhelmed Chelsea in a 1-0 win at Stamford Bridge, City came to Old Trafford to play the other member of the current top four and had 65 percent possession and almost twice the number of shots.
For most of the first half and in the final stages of the second half, United was overrun in a stadium where it hadn't lost in any competition since September 2016 — against City, 41 home games ago.
Given its eye-catching style of play, the irony was that City's two goals couldn't have been scrappier. Both came from defensive mistakes from United striker Romelu Lukaku at set pieces, with David Silva (in the 43rd) and Nicolas Otamendi (in the 54th) the gleeful recipients with close-range finishes.
Marcus Rashford equalized in first-half injury time, also benefiting from a defensive mistake from Otamendi, and United manager Jose Mourinho was left to bemoan the failure of Michael Oliver to award a penalty for what they thought was a trip by Otamendi on Ander Herrera. Instead, Herrera was booked for simulation.
“We can speak about anything you want,” Mourinho said, “bring any football theory, bring any stats, ball possession, you can bring anything you want. But like last season, there is a huge penalty (not awarded) in a crucial moment of the game.”
Guardiola, unsurprisingly, saw it differently.
“We won,” Guardiola said, “because we were better.”
And in a nod to their critics, Guardiola added: “I am happy because so many people say you cannot win in England playing like this.”
In the other neighborly rivalry on derby day in the Premier League, Wayne Rooney converted a penalty to earn Everton a 1-1 draw at Merseyside rival Liverpool. Arsenal scored in the 88th minute to salvage a 1-1 draw at Southampton in the day's other game.
Both fourth-place Liverpool and fifth-place Arsenal can only realistically think about second place now, which says a lot considering the Premier League hasn't even reached the busy festive period yet.
That is the standard being set by City.
___
DERBY TWIST
Set pieces were supposed to be United's strength and City's weakness. So even Guardiola accepted the peculiarity of City's goals coming from that route.
For Silva's opener, Lukaku was tussling with Otamendi at a corner and only succeeded in deflecting Kevin De Bruyne's inswinging delivery right into the path of Silva to dispatch from inside the six-yard box.
Rashford equalized after Otamendi failed to deal with Marcos Rojo's long ball forward and ended up flicking a header into the path of the United striker.
Otamendi made amends — but again Lukaku was at fault. Their attempted clearance from Silva's free kick struck the back of teammate Chris Smalling and fell to Otamendi, who slammed the loose ball home.
City was grateful to goalkeeper Ederson Moraes for producing a brilliant double save, off Lukaku then Juan Mata, in the 84th minute to preserve its lead and win 2-1 at Old Trafford in the league for a second straight season.
___
COSTLY PUSH
An innocuous push by Dejan Lovren cost Liverpool dear in a Merseyside derby that it had dominated.
The center back gave Dominic Calvert-Lewin a nudge in the back when Everton's striker was heading away from goal and Rooney converted the penalty after lots of complaints from Liverpool's players.
Liverpool took the lead through Mohamed Salah's league-high 13th goal of the season and had chances to wrap up the win before Lovren's mistake.
Everton still hasn't won at Anfield since 1999, but remained unbeaten in three matches under new manager Sam Allardyce.
___
SUPER SUB
Olivier Giroud made the difference off the bench again for Arsenal.
The France striker scored an 88th-minute equalizer for their 17th goal as a substitute in the Premier League. That matches a record they hold with former Manchester United striker Ole Gunnar Solskjaer.
Giroud, on as a 72nd-minute replacement, glanced home Alexis Sanchez's left-wing cross as Arsenal's late pressure told at St. Mary's Stadium. Charlie Austin gave Southampton the lead in the third minute.
___
Steve Douglas is at www.twitter.com/sdouglas80
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
The royal commission has just entered its second week.
The royal commission has just entered its second week.
Australia's biggest bank repeatedly tried to mislead the corporate watchdog over the extent of its problems selling junk insurance to students, pensioners and the unemployed, the banking royal commission was told yesterday.
The Commonwealth Bank made multiple attempts to underplay the number of customers affected by sales of the junk insurance policies before finally agreeing last year to repay about 64,000 customers sold credit card insurance they would not be able to use.
The insurance covers repayments if clients lost their job, but it was sold to students, pensioners and the unemployed. They were charged 55¢ a month for every $100 owing on the card — or $16.50 for an average $3000 credit card debt — despite the bank knowing they could not make a claim as they had no job to lose.
The Australian Securities and Investments Commission identified the problem in 2011 but senior counsel assisting the royal commission, Rowena Orr, said the bank kept selling the products for four years, until an internal audit identified the breach. Ms Orr said the bank in a 2015 review identified 64,000 victims of the junk credit card insurance, but it consistently underplayed the issue when it self-reported the problem to ASIC.
The royal commission into banking has heard how the Commonwealth Bank mislead the corporate watchdog on the extent of how it pushed junk insurance. Picture: Robert Cianflone/Getty Images
Ms Orr said the bank initially told ASIC of about 28,000 customers with current policies, not those who had dropped the cover, and had to be “pushed and pushed and pushed” before finally agreeing to reimburse everyone who had bought junk cover.
The royal commission was told bank staff kept selling separate lines of insurance covering personal and home loans, despite the bank knowing similar problems existed with those products from 2015.
While it modified its sales scripts to try to exclude those without jobs that year, the Commonwealth did not tell ASIC it had broken the rules for another two years.
Even then it only admitted the breach after a customer sold the dud insurance complained to regulators.
A cash for loans bribery ring has been exposed on day one of the banking royal commission The West Australian A cash for loans bribery ring has been exposed on day one of the banking royal commission
The bank's executive general manager of retail products, Clive van Horen, denied the bank had tried to “sweep aside” the problems, but admitted it had failed in its obligation to disclose its breaches of consumer credit rules “honestly, efficiently and fairly”.
“We should have done it earlier. I'm not going to deny that for one second,” they said.
Commissioner Kenneth Hayne queried whether the bank's response involved a “series of unfortunate events”, or was a pattern of behaviour.
“The alternative is whether it is open to me to conclude that CBA swept the problem aside in the hope it would go away,” Mr Hayne said.
Mr van Horen said the bank had erred by trying to deal with its credit card insurance problems before looking at issues with other products.
“In all of my engagement on this matter, and everything I've observed from investigating, CBA had no intention to sweep the matter aside or pretend it didn't exist,” they said.
After months of awards chatter and speculation, the nominations for the 75th annual Golden Globe Awards were revealed this morning.
Leading the film category is Guillermo del Toro's “The Shape of Water,” which picked up seven nominations for best picture – drama, the best actor, the best director, best supporting actor, best supporting actor, the best screenplay, and best original score. “The Post” and “Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri” followed close behind with six nominations each. “Call Me By Your Name” and “Get Out,” the big winners at the IFP Gotham Awards on Nov. 27, each picked up 3 and 2 nominations, respectively.
In the Television category, “Big Little Lies” – a big winner at the Emmys in September – picked up six nominations.
The 75th annual Golden Globe Awards will be hosted by Seth Meyers on Sunday, January 7.
See the full list of 2018 Golden Globe nominations below.
FILM:
Best Picture – Drama:
Call Me by Your Name
Dunkirk
The Post
The Shape of Water
Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri
Best Performance by an Actress in a Motion Picture – Drama:
Jessica Chastain, Molly's Game
Sally Hawkins, The Shape of Water
Frances McDormand, Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri
Meryl Streep, The Post
Michelle Williams, All the Money in the World
Best Performance by an Actor in a Motion Picture – Drama:
Timothée Chalamet, Call Me by Your Name
Daniel Day-Lewis, Phantom Thread
Tom Hanks, The Post
Gary Oldman, The Darkest Hour
Denzel Washington, Roman J. Israel, Esq.
Best Picture – Comedy or Musical:
The Disaster Artist
Get Out
The Greatest Showman
I, Tonya
Lady Bird
Best Performance by an Actress in a Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy:
Judi Dench, Victoria & Abdul
Margot Robbie, I, Tonya
Saoirse Ronan, Lady Bird
Emma Stone, Battle of the Sexes
Helen Mirren, The Leisure Seeker
Best Performance by an Actor in a Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy:
Steve Carell, Battle of the Sexes
Ansel Elgort, Baby Driver
James Franco, The Disaster Artist
Hugh Jackman, The Greatest Showman
Daniel Kaluuya, Get Out
Best Director – Motion Picture:
Guillermo del Toro, The Shape of Water
Martin McDonagh, Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri
Christopher Nolan, Dunkirk
Ridley Scott, All The Money in the World
Steven Spielberg, The Post
Best Performance by an Actress in a Supporting Role in a Motion Picture:
Mary J. Blige, Mudbound
Hong Chau, Downsizing
Allison Janney, I, Tonya
Laurie Metcalf, Lady Bird
Octavia Spencer, The Shape of Water
Best Performance by an Actor in a Supporting Role in a Motion Picture:
Willem Dafoe, The Florida Project
Armie Hammer, Call Me by Your Name
Richard Jenkins, The Shape of Water
Christopher Plummer, All the Money in the World
Sam Rockwell, Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri
Best Original Score – Motion Picture:
Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri
The Shape of Water
Phantom Thread
The Post
Dunkirk
Best Screenplay – Motion Picture:
The Shape of Water
Lady Bird
The Post
Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri
Molly's Game
Best Motion Picture – Foreign Language:
A Fantastic Woman
First They Killed My Father
In the Fade
Loveless
The Square
Best Animated Film:
The Boss Baby
The Breadwinner
Ferdinand
Coco
Loving Vincent
TV:
Best Television Series – Comedy:
Black-ish
The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel
Master of None
SMILF
Will & Grace
Best Performance by an Actress in a Television Series – Musical or Comedy:
Pamela Adlon, Better Things
Alison Brie, GLOW
Issa Rae, Insecure
Rachel Brosnahan, The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel
Frankie Shaw, SMILF
Best Performance by an Actor in a Television Series – Musical or Comedy:
Anthony Anderson, Black-ish
Aziz Ansari Master of None
Kevin Bacon, I Love Dick
William H. Macy, Shameless
Eric McCormack, Will & Grace
Best Television Series – Drama:
The Crown
Game of Thrones
The Handmaid's Tale
Stranger Things
This is Us
Best Performance by an Actress in a Television Series – Drama:
Caitriona Balfe, Outlander
Claire Foy, The Crown
Maggie Gyllenhaal, The Deuce
Katherine Langford, 13 Reasons Why
Elisabeth Moss, The Handmaid's Tale
Best Performance by an Actor in a Television Series – Drama:
Sterling K. Brown, This is Us
Freddie Highmore, The Good Doctor
Bob Odenkirk, Better Call Saul
Liev Schreiber, Ray Donovan
Jason Bateman, Ozark
Best Television Limited Series or Motion Picture Made for Television:
Big Little Lies
Fargo
Feud: Bette and Joan
The Sinner
Top of the Lake: China Girl
Best Performance by an Actress in a Limited Series or Motion Picture Made for Television:
Jessica Biel, The Sinner
Nicole Kidman, Big Little Lies
Jessica Lange, Feud: Bette and Joan
Susan Sarandon, Feud: Bette and Joan
Reese Witherspoon, Big Little Lies
Best Performance by an Actor in a Limited Series or Motion Picture Made for Television:
Robert De Niro, The Wizard of Lies
Jude Law, The Young Pope
Kyle MacLachlan, Twin Peaks
Ewan McGregor, Fargo
Geoffrey Rush, Genius
Best Performance by an Actress in a Supporting Role in a Series, Limited Series or Motion Picture Made for Television:
Laura Dern, Big Little Lies
Ann Dowd, The Handmaid's Tale
Chrissy Metz, This is Us
Michelle Pfeiffer, The Wizard of Lies
Shailene Woodley, Big Little Lies
Best Performance by an Actor in a Supporting Role in a Series, Limited Series or Motion Picture Made for Television:
Alfred Molina, Feud
Alexander Skarsgard, Big Little Lies
David Thewlis, Fargo
David Harbour, Stranger Things
Christian Slater, Mr. Robot
Aledo defense smothers Richland
Richland scored on its opening possession but was shut out the rest of the way by Aledo's defense, which forced four turnovers in a 43-7 victory.
An art gallery that features area artists' work is now open once a week in Dillingham.
Dillingham screen printer Brook Spurlock opened Midnight Inks Gallery Tuesday. They and their husband recently renovated their entryway, making it a tiny shop for local artists to display and sell their work.
A rack of their apparel, mostly hoodies and t-shirts decorated with salmon and Bristol Bay themed designs, hangs on the back wall. Earrings, etched-glass mason jars and postcards that feature paintings of Dillingham scenes fill homemade wooden shelves. About 10 area artists are represented. Other wares include toddler-sized kuspuks, felted pin cushions and baked goods.
A steady flow of customers trickled through the gallery from the time doors opened at 3 p.m. to its 8 p.m. close.
Spurlock's apparel makes regular appearances at area bazaars and pop-up shops. Between those events, however, when people asked to buy their work, they found themselves pulling bins out of the garage for people to dig through.
“I wanted a space that I can just have the stuff out and hanging. If someone does call me up, then I can just really easily show them. But the best part of this has been getting other artists involved,” says Spurlock.
Midnight Inks Gallery will be open on Tuesdays at Spurlock's home off of Aleknagik Lake Road. A “Gallery Open” sign by the street will direct people to their driveway during operating hours.
Contact the author at avery@kdlg.org or 907-842-5281.
SAN JUAN, Puerto Rico (AP) — Puerto Rico's new governor has been sworn in as the U.S. territory prepares for what many believe will be new austerity measures and a renewed push for statehood to haul the island out of a deep economic crisis.
Ricardo Rossello was sworn on Monday and proposed several measures aimed at alleviating the crisis. Among them is a proposal to hold a referendum that would ask voters whether they prefer statehood or independence.
Rossello also aims to boost public-private partnerships and use that revenue to save a retirement system that faces a $40 billion deficit. Rossello has pledged to work closely with a federal control board that U.S. Congress created to oversee Puerto Rico's finances. They said they support negotiations with creditors to help restructure a nearly $70 billion public debt.
Comments
WTOP is now using Facebook as our comment platform. Need help? Email us
comments
Principal Scientist of VTT Technical Research Centre of Finland, Dr. Lasse Makkonen has explained the frictional mechanism that resists the motion of drops on inclined surfaces and when affected by wind drag, and developed a theory by which sliding of drops off surfaces of different materials can be predicted. This makes it possible to systematically develop hydrophobic surfaces by modifying their base material and roughness.
Sliding of drops off surfaces affects the water repellency of clothing, visibility through wind screens in rain, and many industrial processes. Hence, wettability of materials is one of the most researched problems in the world.
A major problem has been that according to the force balance of a drop on a surface, proposed by Thomas Young in 1805, even the smallest external force should make the drop slide, but this does not happen in practice no matter how smooth the surface is.
###
The theory by Dr. Makkonen has been published in Journal of Physics: Condensed Matter and The Journal of Chemical Physics.
These papers are freely accessible at: http://iopscience. iop. org/ article/ 10. 1088/ 0953-8984/ 28/ 13/ 135001/ meta and http://dx. doi. org/ 10. 1063/ 1. 4996912 .
The research was funded by the Academy of Finland.
Further information:
Lasse Makkonen, Principal Scientist
+358 40 593 2457, lasse.makkonen@vtt.fi
"The Broken Girls" (Berkley), by Simone St. James
Simone St. James' sixth stand-alone novel mixes a creepy supernatural tale, complete with ghosts and things that go bump in the night, with a gripping mystery.
This cover image released by Berkley shows "The Broken Girls," by Simone St. James. (Berkley via AP)
"The Broken Girls" also works well as a story about unshakeable friendship, parenting issues, obsession and sexism folded into a satisfying plot that straddles two eras of time.
The broken girls are those who end up in Idlewild Hall, "the boarding school of last resort, where parents stashed their embarrassments, their failures, and their recalcitrant girls." Four of the girls who are roommates at Idlewild in 1950 - Katie, CeCe, Roberta and Sonia - refuse to be broken by the school's strict rules and the abandonment of their families.
Located in "the backwoods of Vermont," the castlelike fortress is rumored to be haunted by the ghost of Mary Hand, a young woman who once lived there.
In 2014, the now shuttered Idlewild haunts Vermont journalist Fiona Sheridan, whose sister's body was found on the school's grounds 20 years ago. Deb Sheridan's boyfriend was convicted and they are still in prison for their murder. But Fiona is obsessed with the murder and believes the truth didn't come out in court. When a family with no local ties buys Idlewild, Fiona seizes on the chance to do a story on the school - and further investigate their sister's murder. The story intensifies when the remains of another girl are found buried on the grounds.
"The Broken Girls" smoothly alternates between the two eras, capturing the idiosyncrasies of each. Fear and distrust permeate the scenes of the 1950s, while Fiona's terrors come from within them The roommates' bonds and strength serve these naive teens well, while Fiona's support system is lacking.
St. James blankets Idlewild with an evocative atmosphere that makes the appearance of a ghost seem real. The school's abandoned rooms with rotting furniture, dripping water and a chill that permeates the building add to the deliciously creepy feeling. Sure, these are cliches of supernatural and horror, but St. James makes the tropes seem fresh.
___
Online:
http://www.simonestjames.com/
The new style site will provide us with the opportunity to offer you videos integrated into articles as well as improved graphics. The new-style flandersnews.be will still bring you a digest of the day's news and sport, as well as offering tips for interesting exhibitions and other enjoyable days out. The URL will remain the same so you will have to do nothing to enjoy our new-style site. What's a more mobile version of the site will also become available.
NORWALK, Calif. (AP) — A California utility has launched unique systems combining a hybrid battery and gas turbine to produce and store electricity for use during hot summer months and other times when power demand soars.
The new Hybrid Electric Gas Turbines are the first of their kind in the world, officials with Southern California Edison and manufacturer General Electric said during an event Monday near Los Angeles.
Edison President Ron Nichols said the twin systems that went online March 30 operate somewhat like a hybrid car — drawing first on the battery, then switching over to the gas turbine if power demands spike.
Energy output is combined between turbines and new 10-megawatt lithium-ion battery storage units. As a result, the systems do not burn fuel when they're on stand-by, significantly reducing greenhouse gas emissions. And they can be turned on immediately to push power into the grid to compensate for outages or increased demand.
Advertisement
“The battery is there at the flick of a switch,” Nichols said.
The systems are running in Norwalk and Rancho Cucamonga at plants built to provide extra juice following an especially hot summer that strained the grid. The utility is exploring adding the hybrid systems to three other similar plants.
“You don't always get an opportunity to take an existing facility, add some new technology to it, and enhance the value and reduce the cost to customers,” Nichols said, calling the new systems “win-win.”
The systems will help balance energy supply and demand, especially during evening hours when solar power production drops as customers return home and turn on lights and appliances.
California has committed to derive 50 percent of its electricity from renewable sources by 2030. The installation of the hybrid systems is a major step toward that goal, according to Tom Doughty of the California Independent Systems Operator, which manages the state's grid.
Doughty said the hybrid technology introduces crucial flexibility into the state system.
“The variability of one technology, or one plant, can be mitigated or managed by others,” they said, calling the new system “a thing of beauty.”
Manchester United will field a strong squad for Sunday's Premier League match against leaders Chelsea despite the game being sandwiched between the two-legged Europa League quarter-final against Anderlecht, manager Jose Mourinho has said.
United is fifth in the league, four points behind fourth-placed Manchester City albeit with a game in hand and need to finish the season in the top four or win the Europa League to qualify for next season's Champions League.
They face Anderlecht in Belgium on Thursday before a home game against Chelsea on Sunday followed by the second leg of the quarter-final at Old Trafford next week.
"When it is still mathematically possible to finish in the top four I think if we play against Chelsea with our second team you would kill me. The football country would kill me," Mourinho told British media.
"There is no reason not to try while mathematically possible. If on a certain moment of the season we have no chances to get top four and we are still in the Europa League then nobody can criticise."
Mourinho is hoping that key players do not join United's injury list as they try to win the Europa League and break into the top four simultaneously.
"Hope no more injuries, no more suspensions and hoping the players keep showing amazing character to keep going and going. Until not possible we are going to fight for the top four," they added.
United will be without captain Wayne Rooney against Anderlecht while goalkeeper David de Gea faces a late fitness test.
(Reporting by Aditi Prakash in Bengaluru)
By on
When was the last time you read beyond your comfort zone—whether in point of view, genre, or format? Graphic novelist Gene Luen Yang has focused on doing just that from their platform as the National Ambassador for Young People's Literature, a position to which they were named in early 2016. It's a cause that's natural for libraries to promote to patrons but also for each of us to consider in our own approach to our personal and professional reading.
Long a fan of Yang's work, it was a pleasure for me to hear them reflect on their life and their role at the recent Day of Dialog event hosted by LJ sister publication School Library Journal. They built a compelling argument for the importance of recognizing when we have a limited perspective, either because our preferences have narrowed what we experience or because we have come to assume we don't like something.
There was a time when Yang's format of choice was a strange new world for many librarians—LJ launched an ongoing column focusing on graphic novels back in 2002 to spotlight the riches for readers there—but as “Comics Cross Over” shows, libraries now embrace them.
Yang's Reading Without Walls Challenge urges kids to:
Read a book about a character who doesn't look like you or live like you. Read a book about a topic you don't know much about. Read a book in a format that you don't normally read for fun. This might be a chapter book, a graphic novel, a book in verse, a picture book, or a hybrid book.
They give special props to those who read something that hits all three. (Also, a resource kit for librarians is available.)
Just as graphic novels reach across age ranges, so can Yang's challenge—this isn't just kid stuff. Since we can get pretty rooted in our ways as adults, it is useful for anyone. To their three criteria, I might add one about reading a book that offers a counterargument to your point of view on a topic. Also, commit to persisting with a new format or genre to learn the ins and outs of its conventions before deciding if it suits. Insight doesn't come from skating on the surface.
Understanding, as a panel of five nonfiction authors reinforced at LJ's own Day of Dialog event, comes from the deep dive required by writing and reading books. It comes from dwelling in the minds of others. For Khizr Khan, who famously offered then-candidate Donald Trump their own copy of the U.S. Constitution, relating their story in An American Family (Random) is a way to build perspective about American culture. Several other panelists, including Joanna Scutts (The Extra Woman, Liveright: Norton), Kate Moore (The Radium Girls, Sourcebooks), and Danielle Allen (Cuz, Liveright: Norton), each offer stories about misunderstood or mistreated people and, along the way, build our awareness of the human loss behind injustices large and small. They reclaim power for their protagonists by making their stories known.
Apart from sitting down and talking to someone who is different from or disagrees with you, witnessing their world through a story may be the best way to find compassion for them, if not common ground, by acknowledging their realities and fears and what shaped and drives them.
We often, especially recently, emphasize the role of libraries in fighting fake news and information illiteracy. We must continue to do so. However, we should also remember to foreground the steadfast contribution libraries make every day, one checkout or download at a time, in creating a deeper grasp of our world and the vast range of human experience. This core work, pairing readers with books—both through inherent access to library collections or more actively via readers' advisory—is powerful, perhaps underestimated, and worthy of celebration and our continued investment.
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Education Department announced Wednesday that it will change two key Obama-era rules governing student loan forgiveness in cases involving fraud and misconduct by universities.
The department said it will convene special committees to rewrite Borrower Defense to Repayment and Gainful Employment regulations.
The rules were introduced last year as the department was processing claims from thousands of students who say there were defrauded by for-profit colleges.
Under the borrower defense rules, students could have their loans erased if their college misrepresented the quality of its programs or broke a “contractual promise” with its students. The gainful employment rule was designed to ensure that graduates would be able to earn enough money to pay off their student loan debt.
Advertisement
DeVos said in a statement Wednesday that the regulations were “overly burdensome and confusing” and need to be streamlined.
“The result is a muddled process that's unfair to students and schools, and puts taxpayers on the hook for significant costs,” DeVos said.
They said many colleges have complained that the definition of misrepresentation and breach of contract is too broad and that institutions lacked meaningful due process. The Education Department will conduct hearings on the regulations in July.
“It is the department's aim, and this administration's commitment, to protect students from predatory practices while also providing clear, fair and balanced rules for colleges and universities to follow,” DeVos said.
They added that nearly 16,000 defense claims that are currently being processed by the department will be fulfilled. “Promises made to students under the current rule will be promises kept,” they stressed.
Eight states and the District of Columbia filed a motion in federal court Tuesday seeking to retain the rules.
“The borrower defense regulations provide critical protections for borrowers who were subjected to misleading and predatory practices by their postsecondary institutions,” the motion says. It was filed in the case California Association of Private Postsecondary Schools v. Betsy DeVos.
The Obama administration had led a crackdown on for-profit colleges accused of misconduct. The Corinthian Colleges chain was under heavy pressure from the Education Department when it shut down in 2015. In that case, more than 15,000 student claims for loan discharge because of fraud have been approved, totaling $247 million in loans.
Last year, the ITT Technical Institute, one of the nation's largest chains of for-profit colleges, shut down, saying it couldn't survive sanctions by the department. The chain had been accused of misleading students about the success of its graduates and was at risk of losing its academic accreditation.
Rohit Chopra, a senior fellow at the Consumer Federation of America, lamented DeVos' decision to revise the rules.
“This will lead to more students saddled with debt they cannot afford with taxpayers left on the hook,” Chopra said. “The current rules require schools that cheat their students to pony up funds for refunds. This helps to ensure that lawbreakers pay, not taxpayers.”
Betsy Mayotte, director of consumer outreach and compliance for American Student Assistance's Center for Consumer Advocacy, said the current regulations protect students who are misled into over-borrowing for underperforming programs.
“Students shouldn't have the pause button hit on their consumer protections, and this isn't the time for the Department of Education to step back from their responsibility to protect federal loan borrowers,” they said.
But Steve Gunderson, president and CEO of the industry lobbying group Career Education Colleges and Universities, said in a statement that DeVos' actions would both protect students from academic fraud and “their schools from ideological efforts geared to destroy postsecondary career education.”
Best Bet: WOUNDWITHHEREYES (1)
Best Value: COMET SIXTY TWO (4)
FIRST: Woundwithhereyes moves to grass after logging swift late-pace figure in last; more to come. Desert Duchess was a front-running maiden winner in last at Fair Grounds; speedy threat. Curiousncuriouser made solid rally when second in last on main track; right in the thick of this from the fence.
SECOND: Monster Mash is riding a two-race winning streak; more in the tank. Point Hope bested cheaper in last and owns two wins and two seconds in four starts on Big A's main track; very playable. Tasunke Witco owns fast back numbers; dangerous if all is well.
THIRD: Pletcher entry: Surprise Wonder and Analyze the Odds have worked in company for debut; either or. Magnanimus Man makes first start for Wes Ward; need more? Rudy's Boy picked up the tempo in final workout; stay tuned to the tote.
FOURTH: Comet Sixty Two fired eye-catching, half-mile workout on April 9 and packs potent late kick on “A” game. La Inesperada is speedy, needed last and drops; dangerous. Rockin Alli owns competitive turf numbers on best races; worth long look.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
FIFTH: Dublin My Money gets class relief after displaying improved speed in last; three works in the interim seals the deal. Mo Focused was a fast-figured second in last; bounces today? Red Hook Express was an even fourth in first start since three-month absence; forward move expected.
SIXTH: Planet Trailblazer owns fast final fractions and moves to the grass; breakthrough predicted. Snow Fighter fired 5-furlong bullet since determined victory last out; very dangerous. Otto, another that notched 5-furlong bullet drill since last start, is right in the thick of this on best efforts.
SEVENTH: Zealous Scholar projects as the speed of the speed with aggressive ride. Tainted Angel gets confident price hike and has worked three times since winning last; big-time player. Satin Sheets bested eight rivals when a stubborn winner in debut; must consider.
EIGHTH: Joywave owns field's best late kick and could receive ideal setup in weak nightcap. Correjon is fleet-footed and adds blinkers; serious front-end threat. Play Big also is speedy and training sharply; dangerous. Wonderman makes first start for Linda Rice; could be the goods.
FLOWERY BRANCH, Ga. (AP) — Atlanta Falcons running back Devonta Freeman has concussion symptoms and has been ruled out for this week's preseason game at Pittsburgh.
Freeman left Sunday's practice with heat-related issues. Coach Dan Quinn said Monday that Freeman reported the concussion symptoms after leaving the field and has been placed in the concussion protocol.
Tevin Coleman took over first-team snaps at running back on Monday as the team held its final practice of training camp. Coleman's playing time likely will be limited in Sunday's game as Quinn focuses on the competition between Terron Ward and rookie Brian Hill for the third running back spot.
The Falcons agreed to term Wednesday on a five-year, $41.25 million extension with Freeman. The deal makes Freeman the league's highest-paid running back in terms of the overall package.
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Flyers' goalie Michal Neuvirth can't stop the goal by Penguins' Jake Guentzel during the third period of game six in round one of the NHL Playoffs at the Wells Fargo Center Sunday. The Penguins beat the Flyers 8-5 and win the series.
A funeral home in Pittsburgh is sending its sincerest condolences to Philadelphia after a gloomy day for the city's hockey fans.
Patrick T. Lanigan Funeral Home & Crematory in East Pittsburgh took to Facebook after the Flyers lost to the Pittsburgh Penguins Sunday, eliminating the Philadelphia team from the Stanley Cup playoffs.
>>READ MORE: A SEPTA bus is already calling the Sixers ‘NBA champions'
The business posted a “custom” prayer card,” which has now been shared more than 1,000 times and says:
“In Loving Memory of
The Philadelphia Flyers
April 11, 2018
April 22, 2018 The Pens saw you getting tired,
And ‘The Cup' was not to be,
So, they sent you home to Philly
Better luck in 2019. Your teary-eyed fans watched you,
And saw you skate away.
Although they cheered you dearly,
They could not help your play. Your season is now over,
It's time to take a rest.
Once again, the Pens have proven
That Pittsburgh is the best!”
Help us send our condolences to the Philadelphia Flyers and their fans, with these custom prayer cards memorializing their run in the 2018 Stanley Cup Playoffs. Share for all of our friends in Philly! Posted by Patrick T. Lanigan Funeral Home & Crematory on Sunday, April 22, 2018
Sunday's 8-5 loss at the Wells Fargo Center brought the Flyers' playoff run to an end against a Pittsburgh team that has five Stanley Cup victories to boast. The Flyers have won the Stanley Cup twice in franchise history, back-to-back in 1974 and 1975.
“We were just resilient all night,” Penguins goalie Matt Murray said Sunday. “Just a really gutsy effort.”
The Penguins will play the Washington Capitals in the next round, the third time in a row the teams have faced off in a Round 2 playoff series.
Though the Flyers made an early exit from the playoffs, there's always the future.
“We took a big step forward this year,” right winger Wayne Simmonds said after the defeat. “We had a lot of young pieces this year and I think everyone developed as the year went on. This team definitely has a bright future.”
Still in denial? The Inquirer's Sam Carchidi has drafted up 10 reasons the Flyers are no longer in the NHL playoffs, while Ed Barkowitz spells out the top five “most gut-wrenching post-series handshakes held in South Philly.”
At least Philly still has the Sixers, who face the Miami Heat on Tuesday in Game 5 of the first round of the NBA playoffs.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Oops, you haven't selected any newsletters. Please check the box next to one or more of our email newsletters and submit again.
Johannesburg - A major showdown is looming between Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan and Social Development Minister Bathabile Dlamini over the distribution of social grants after the Cash Paymaster Services (CPS) contracts come to an end on March 31.
The row could have been sparked by a letter Gordhan wrote to Dlamini on February 1, in which they said CPS should not be part of the service providers to be considered for the distribution of social grants to 17 million recipients from April 1.
Gordhan wants a new contract awarded to commercial banks and the SA Post Office (Sapo), but it should “exclude biometric verification, which will favour CPS and discriminate against other potential bidders”.
They said they were informed that the SA Social Security Agency (Sassa) wants the R120 billion CPS annual contract to be extended.
“I am informed that the Sassa team and, in particular, the chief executive have argued for option 1 and 2 to be implemented as it is perceived this may be the only solution under the current circumstances.
“However, if this route is taken, it will certainly expose government to legal challenges. Our only interest at this stage is to help Sassa, and yourself, to ensure that social grants are paid out on April 1, 2017,” Gordhan wrote.
According to Gordhan, reconsidering the appointment of CPS was not an option, saying the government should instead appoint a service provider for cash distribution to grant recipients who were currently using cash paypoint systems.
They also said the Department of Social Development should disburse grants through the banking sector to those with accounts.
“This will involve a communication campaign for beneficiaries to come forward with their bank accounts. The SA Reserve Bank team supported this approach and there are detailed mechanisms to get the banks to participate in the process,” Gordhan insisted.
“Requirements must exclude biometric verification, which will favour CPS and discriminate against other potential bidders.”
However, sources told The Star that Gordhan's proposals were likely to be rejected by Dlamini when they finally decide to answer him.
“The Department of Social Development wants to create a conducive environment without excluding other service providers because the system of CPS was working better.
“Biometrics are utilised to validate and authenticate the information provided by the grants applicants during registration. The department has used biometrics to eliminate fraud (double-dipping) and for proof of life during the payment as well as ensuring the paying of the right social grant to the right person,” the source said.
The source further said that in the 2012/2013 financial year, Sassa managed to save the government R2 billion by eliminating fraudulent grant recipients during re-enrolment and registration of biometrics of all grant recipients and new applications.
They insisted that Dlamini was looking for a system that would eliminate fraud and corruption.
“It will not be possible for banks to take over 6 million beneficiaries without reissuing of cards and performing the Fica (Financial Intelligence Centre Act) within a matter of two months,” an insider said.
Insiders also said banks did not have footprints in all areas of the country, which would likely cause massive disruptions and panic to beneficiaries.
Dlamini's spokesperson Lumka Oliphant said the minister had to study the contents of Gordhan's letter before they could comment.
While Gordhan's opinion on CPS is known, another state institution, the SA Post Office, is in a massive scramble to rope in CPS to help it to secure the R10 billion monthly social grant project.
The Post Office and CPS have now attempted to forge a joint bid but one that would not have the endorsement of Gordhan.
The Star has seen correspondence between former CPS employee Dave de Beer and CPS boss Serge Belamant in which De Beer has requested Belamant to consider joining a consortium which included Sapo's chief executive Mark Barnes.
De Beer, in their initial correspondence with Belamant, wrote that “members in my group have very close ties with top management in the Post Bank and Sapo and we are extremely well positioned to move them.
“Mark Barnes made it clear that the system is still required and that card replacement will be a problem for them,” De Beer said.
In their next email, De Beer wrote to Belamant: “Your confirmation that the Net 1 (Cash Paymaster Services) can/may be employed to facilitate the payments is the only factor that prohibits definite developments towards acceptance of our solution by the relevant parties.”
Belamant confirmed the existence of these emails.
He, however, said no official confirmation had been made.
“I would partner with anyone for as long as the plan would serve the needs of the government,” Belamant said.
De Beer denied authoring the email but said Sapo was an ideal institution to distribute social grants.
He, however, said they would need Belamant's CPS technology to reach each out effectively to 17 million social grant recipients.
The Star
By The Associated Press
BC-BKW–Grand Canyon-Washington Box
WASHINGTON 79, GRAND CANYON 65
GRAND CANYON (2-8)
Williams 0-2 0-0 0, Jackson 3-7 4-8 12, Mobley 6-17 2-2 14, Murphy 3-9 2-2 9, Touchard 3-7 4-4 13, Gajewski 4-9 2-2 13, Hailey 1-2 2-2 4, Totals 20-53 16-20 65.
WASHINGTON (5-4)
Henson 4-13 3-3 11, Johnson 2-9 0-0 4, Collier 1-7 0-0 2, Moser 4-6 4-4 14, Wieburg 1-1 1-2 4, Semebene 5-12 1-1 11, Griggsby 3-6 5-6 11, Melgoza 9-16 0-0 18, Peterson 2-2 0-0 4, Totals 31-72 14-16 79.
Grand Canyon 14 17 8 26 —65 Washington 26 16 14 23 —79
3-Point Goals_Grand Canyon 9-29 (Williams 0-1, Jackson 2-4, Mobley 0-4, Murphy 1-6, Touchard 3-6, Gajewski 3-8), Washington 3-11 (Henson 0-2, Collier 0-1, Moser 2-3, Wieburg 1-1, Semebene 0-2, Griggsby 0-1, Melgoza 0-1). Assists_Grand Canyon 10 (Mobley 5), Washington 14 (Henson 4). Fouled Out_None. Rebounds_Grand Canyon 32 (Mobley 8), Washington 44 (Semebene 11). Total Fouls_Grand Canyon 13, Washington 21. A_962.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
HONOLULU – It's officially barbecue season, though one place you shouldn't plan on making s'mores is over the lava-spurting Kilauea volcano on Hawaii's Big Island.
It's hard to believe the US Geological Survey should have to say this, but the agency issued just such a warning Monday after one curious guy posed an eyebrow-raising question, USA Today reports. That query: “Is it safe to roast marshmallows over volcanic vents? Assuming you had a long enough stick, that is? Or would the resulting marshmallows be poisonous?”
The short answer from the USGS Volcanoes handle: “Erm … we're going to have to say no, that's not safe.”
Then, an elaboration: “If the vent is emitting a lot of SO2 or H2S, they would taste BAD. And if you add sulfuric acid (in vog, for example) to sugar, you get a pretty spectacular reaction.” A final warning: “Please don't try!”
CNN answers the larger question of whether it's safe to be in Hawaii at all right now. (The “vog” over the Big Island is creating amazing sunsets.)
More From Newser:
Sleepy Hollow alum Zach Appelman is the man who has stolen Burgess' heart on Chicago P.D.
The actor will guest-star on the NBC drama as federal prosecutor Matt Miller, the recently referenced new boyfriend of Intelligence rookie Kim Burgess, TVLine has learned exclusively.
Miller — who appears in Episode 8 — really likes Burgess, and thus, is fighting to balance their work and personal life. However, complications in the pair's relationship arise when they realize they're both working mob cases, pitting Chicago prerogatives vs. federal initiatives.
“I get the sense that [the couple is] getting serious,” star Marina Squerciati recently told TVLine. “But we'll see. Burgess doesn't have the greatest track record, so who knows?”
In addition to their role as Joe Corbin on Sleepy Hollow, Appelman's TV credits include episodes of Law & Order: SVU, Blue Bloods, Bull and Beauty and the Beast.
Chicago P.D. Season 5 currently airs Wednesdays at 10/9c on NBC.
Lawmakers in Iowa began debating a bill Tuesday to dramatically change how public sector unions negotiate their contracts, part of a wave of legislation in statehouses across the country to roll back union rights.
The bill, similar to a 2011 law in Wisconsin, is high on the state's legislative agenda and comes as Republicans control both chambers of the state Legislature and the governor's mansion for the first time in nearly 20 years.
About 180,000 state and local government workers would be prohibited from negotiating over issues including health insurance, seniority and extra pay. The legislation also leaves in place a provision that prevents workers from going on strike. And it includes provisions that would make it more difficult for unions to collect dues.
Public safety employees, such as law enforcement officers, would be exempt from certain provisions of the bill. Critics say exempting public safety workers divides unions.
Ahead of hearings on the leglslation, teachers, teamsters, firefighters and other union members demonstrated at the Iowa Capitol Monday night, breaking into chants of "Kill the bill."
"Enough of these misguided politicians and their billionaire buddies trying to take our voice and our rights!" shouted Becky Pringle, of the National Education Association, to the crowd from atop a folding chair.
The state's Democrats are trying to slow down debate on the measure, which is expected to last several days.
"This is a major change and policy shift," said state Sen. Nate Boulton, a Democrat. "It is disappointing that we had no voice in this process."
Republicans countered that they were ending a period of deadlock and divided government in Iowa by acting on their priorities.
"Normally the frustration I hear from folks at home is that we don't get anything done," said state Rep. Steve Holt, a Republican. "So we are acting decisively on a bill that I think is great for Iowa and great for efficient government."
More than 1,100 people signed up to speak against the bill, but only 33 got the chance. State correctional officer Lindsey Herron said they left their previous job, which paid well, for the better benefits that state employees receive.
If the bill becomes law, the risks of working in a prison are "no longer worth it," said Herron. "You may think that's fine until those offenders end up living next door to your family and they learn nothing in prison because they no longer have professional educated staff working there."
Herron said they were upset about voting for Republican candidates last fall. "If this bill passes, don't think in 2018 I'm going to forget what you've done to my family."
Just four people spoke in favor of the bill, including representatives of the Iowa chapter of Americans for Prosperity, the nonprofit political advocacy group funded by conservative donors David and Charles Koch.
AKRON, Ohio (AP) — Kwan Cheatham Jr. had 21 points and 10 rebounds, Isaiah Johnson scored 13 of their 18 points in the second half and Mid-American leader Akron held off Toledo 71-65 on Tuesday night for the Zips' 30th straight home win.
Akron trailed by 11 with 10:36 left.
Johnson got loose down low and made an open layup for a 61-55 lead and they had a block on the other end. They added a 3-point play on Akron's next offensive possession for a nine-point lead as the Zips hit 10 of 11 shots.
Johnson missed the front end of a 1-and-1 and Jordan Lauf made a layup to get Toledo to 67-63. Johnson missed another free throw when Akron wasn't in the bonus but Jonathan Williams missed an easy layup on the other end. Cheatham sealed it at the line.
Antino Jackson added 13 points for Akron (22-4, 12-1 Mid-American). Cheatham hit four 3-pointers, Jackson added three and the Zips were 11 of 31.
Steve Taylor Jr. and Nate Navigato each scored 13 points for Toledo (13-13, 6-7). Taylor also grabbed 13 rebounds.
Comments
comments
NAPLES, Fla. (AP) — Steve Stricker provided the pep talk and Sean O'Hair delivered the shot to secure victory Sunday in the QBE Shootout.
Stricker and O'Hair closed with an 8-under 64 for a two-shot victory over Graeme McDowell and Shane Lowry, effectively clinching it when O'Hair made an eagle on the par-5 17th hole at Tiburon Golf Club.
In the final round of better ball, Stricker and O'Hair rallied from a two-shot deficit on the front nine, built a two-shot lead through 14 holes and were ahead by one shot heading to the reachable 17th with the green guarded by a huge bunker with a vetted, waist-high wall.
“Walking to 17 tee, Steve said, ‘A 3 would go a long way right now,'” O'Hair said.
O'Hair hit 7-iron from 195 yards over the bunker and it bounced onto the green about 12 feet away. McDowell and Lowry both hit into the bunker, with Lowry's ball against the face of the wall that forced them to play sideways into the bunker. Both players had to settle for par, and O'Hair rolled in their eagle putt for a three-shot lead.
“He played great today,” Stricker said. “He hit a great shot on 17. That's the stuff you need to do to win a tournament, and Sean pulled it off.”
McDowell holed a 25-foot birdie putt on the 18th hole as they and Lowry closed with a 66.
Stricker and O'Hair finished at 26-under 190 and each earned $410,000.
It was the second time Stricker and O'Hair won the team event hosted by Greg Norman, but the first time as partners. Stricker won in 2009 with Jerry Kelly, and O'Hair won in 2012 with Kenny Perry.
Pat Perez and Brian Harman shot 64 to finish third.
Lexi Thompson, the only LPGA Tour player in the 12-team field, and Tony Finau closed with a 66 and tied for fourth.
O'Hair was playing for only the second time since they had surgery after the BMW Championship in Chicago to clean up cartilage in their right knee.
“This is always a great event to finish the year off with, and to pull this off is special,” O'Hair said. “But to do it with Steve is even that much better for me. I'm a golf geek, so he's a friend of mine, but still it's kind of hard not to look at them and kind of put them a little bit up on a pedestal.”
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Woh sirf ek Cricketer nahi,
Duniya hai Meri !
aur bahuton ki.
Many more happy returns of the day to a man who could stop time in India (literally) .Thank you for making the Cricket Bat such a great weapon, which later many like me could also use. #HappyBirthdaySachin pic.twitter.com/TVtpaxSiJz
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Pakistan People's Party (PPP) welcomes the announcement made by Imran Khan that Pakistan Tehrik-e-Insaf (PTI) will field candidates against PPP's President Asif Ali Zardari in Nawabshah and PPP's Chairman Bilawal Bhutto Zardari in Larkana, whether in by-elections or general elections.
“The PPP upholds and welcomes the democratic right of Imran Khan and indeed of anyone, to contest elections against its leaders anywhere and at any time in the country; and the party looks forward to a healthy democratic electoral contest in not too distant future”, said the Spokesperson Senator Farhatullah Babar in a statement on Sunday.
The PPP hopes and urges Imran Khan to firmly stand by their public pronouncement and not turn back on them, thereby exposing themselves once again to the charges of making u-turns, they said.
There is an opportunity for Imran Khan to prove that they have jettisoned their past of making frequent u-turns and the PPP is more than happy to provide them with this opportunity, they added.
The spokesperson recalled that on the eve of threatened lock down of the capital, recently, Imran Khan refused to leave their Bani Gala residence for, as they themselves later said, fear of being arrested.
They said PPP government in Sindh firmly believes in upholding democratic principles and traditions and it is inconceivable that the provincial government will arrest Imran Khan to stop them from contesting elections against party leaders.
Imran Khan can be sure that they will be able to freely contest elections in Sindh without fear or threat of being arrested.
This should serve as an added incentive to Imran Khan to contest elections either in person or through their candidates against the PPP leaders, they said.
Since Act leader David Seymour took the time to send me their book to review and to write a nice message inside it I now feel that I should review it for the benefit of those considering giving Act their party vote this election. There are eleven chapters so I am going to do 11 short posts so we can discuss each topic. My preferred reading for relaxation is Historical romance and sadly this book is short on dashing heroes and plucky heros but nevertheless, I persisted.
The Foreword to the book told me that I can expect New Zealand's weaknesses to be outlined in the book and for the policy proposals to be easy to understand, perceptive and uncompromising. I was also told that Seymour will…
” directly confront the myths and self-interest behind New Zealand's many sacred policy cows.”
Points made about Housing in the first chapter included:
Metropolitan urban limits always result in unaffordable housing. In the past 20 years, not enough houses have been built. Young people are locked out of the housing market. Housing is a public policy crisis but is poorly understood. Migrants are not to blame for the current crisis. First home hunters are not to blame.
So what is to blame?
Housing has not been left up to the free market. We have one of the most regulated markets for housing in the world. It is like a straight jacket.
“The land shortage is as artificial as the invisible line on a map, but no less destructive because of it.” “Council bureaucracy and the RMA have all but halted building both up and out.”
Act's solution:
Scrap the planning laws which hold home buyers to ransom.
“Act wants to take development of housing in our big cities out of the Resource Management Act (RMA).”
Provide incentives for councils to grant consents.
” By sharing revenue from GST that is collected from construction activities with local councils. If councils have more building activity in their area they will get a bigger cash top up from central government.”
Allow local councils to charge targeted rates for property owners in new developments to pay for infrastructure ( roads, water sewage) for a certain period of time to cover the costs of connecting a new neighbourhood to the city
Make construction companies more accountable to prevent a repeat of the leaky homes fiasco.
Require builders to take out insurance for the properties' value valid for 25 years before it can be sold. This will mean that it will be the insurer's money on the line not just the reputation of a council employee.
What Act will do immediately if they hold the balance of power:
Abolish the Metropolitan limit Extend the government's Urban Development Authorities Insist that within the first 100 days private developers are entitled to the same breaks as UDA's.
COLUMBUS, Ga. — The Muscogee County Sheriff's Office announces Friday a corporal faces charges after they were allegedly caught stealing from the drug take-back program.
Sheriff Donna Tompkins says during a news conference Corporal Bridget Goolsby is charged with violation of oath, fraudulently obtaining a controlled substance, and two counts of violating the Georgia Controlled Substance Act.
Tompkins says Goolsby had been in charge of collecting medications from the sheriff's office's drug take-back program. The program allows anyone to turn in unwanted or expired medications, no questions asked. It is part of a national effort by the Drug Enforcement Administration to reduce safety hazards, overdoses, and improper disposal of prescription medications.
Sheriff Tompkins says the job of taking up the collected drugs was turned over from Goolsby to a designated drug custodian on July 11. They say Goolsby should have turned over all their keys and access to the drop-off boxes. However, several members of the sheriff's office came forward to say they saw Goolsby taking medications from the box in the Citizens Service Center at around 6 p.m. Tuesday.
Goolsby was arrested and taken to Muscogee County Jail. They have since paid a $20,000 bond to be released. Sheriff Tompkins says a search of Goolsby's home found “a significant quantity if pharmaceuticals”.
The investigation is ongoing and Goolsby has been placed on administrative leave effective immediately.
Tompkins says the case against Goolsby has been bound for Superior Court.
The sheriff also released the following statement on the investigation:
“Law Enforcement is a difficult environment these days, yet we have many dedicated professionals here in the Sheriff's Office. It is unfortunate when something of this nature happens; however, we will investigate and address these situations as they arise and handle them as we would any citizen. When I ran for Sheriff, I pledged to bring back integrity and credibility to this office and that is exactly what I plane to do.” -Sheriff Donna Tompkins, Muscogee County
By The Associated Press
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Latest on the inquiries about travel practices of Trump administration officials: (all times local):
6:45 p.m.
The Energy Department says Energy Secretary Rick Perry has taken at least six trips on government or private planes costing an estimated $56,000.
The report comes as top officials in the Trump administration undergo scrutiny for their use of costly private or military air travel at taxpayers' expense.
Three of Perry's trips were on government planes, including one on an Energy Department plane to the Hanford nuclear site in Washington state, and two military flights to national labs in Idaho and New Mexico.
Perry also flew on private planes to visit a Pennsylvania coal plant and nuclear sites in Ohio and Kansas City.
Perry's office released details about the flights to the House Oversight Committee, which is investigating non-commercial travel by the Trump administration.
___
5:10 p.m.
The inspector general at the Environmental Protection Agency says it is expanding an inquiry into Administrator Scott Pruitt's frequent taxpayer-funded travel.
The watchdog office said the review will now include all travel by Pruitt through Sept. 30. Previously, the inspector general was focusing on Pruitt's travel to their home state of Oklahoma through July 31.
A spokesperson said Friday the scope of the review was expanded after requests by members of Congress,
The Associated Press and others reported in July that Pruitt traveled to Oklahoma at least 10 times.
An EPA spokesperson said the trips were warranted.
The inspector general's office said its review will look at whether Pruitt followed EPA travel policies and whether those policies are sufficient to prevent fraud, waste and abuse.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
One of many metallic tree sculptures built by the government, lays charred on the ground after protesters tore it down as a symbol of the regime of President Daniel Ortega and their wife, Vice President Rosario Murillo, In Managua, Nicaragua, Tuesday, April 24, 2018. The sculptures where torn down during several days of violent demonstrations set off by a social security overhaul that left dozens dead. (AP Photo/Alfredo Zuniga)
One of many metallic tree sculptures built by the government, lays charred on the ground after protesters tore it down as a symbol of the regime of President Daniel Ortega and their wife, Vice President Rosario Murillo, In Managua, Nicaragua, Tuesday, April 24, 2018. The sculptures where torn down during several days of violent demonstrations set off by a social security overhaul that left dozens dead. (AP Photo/Alfredo Zuniga)
MANAGUA, Nicaragua (AP) - Nicaraguan authorities have released some student protesters arrested during anti-government demonstrations over the past week as President Daniel Ortega seeks to lower tensions.
With freshly shaved heads and some bearing bruises they said were inflicted by police during their captivity, students were dropped along a highway on the outskirts of the capital.
The police said in a statement Tuesday that students were handed over to their families and religious committees.
Ortega on Sunday repealed a social security overhaul that would have increased contributions and reduced pensions. The changes triggered protests that soon spread beyond the social security system. Right groups say at least 30 people died.
Pablo Cuevas of the Permanent Commission on Human Rights accused police of violating students' due process and being guilty of beatings and theft.
Shares in Metcash continue to slide amid fears the IGA and Foodland supermarkets supplier could lose more contracts with its independent retailers.
Metcash shares have plunged 21 per cent in the past four days after the grocery supplier flagged on Monday a potential $270 million sales hit if it loses a contract with independent chain Drakes Supermarkets.
Drakes Supermarkets, which has more than 50 stores across South Australia and Queensland, will not commit to Metcash beyond the end of the parties' current South Australian agreement in June 2019.
Citi analysts Bryan Raymond and Craig Woolford say there is a risk Metcash could lose up to three more contracts which are also up for renegotiation over the next 12 months.
"The direct impact of losing the Drakes South Australia contract for 39 supermarkets is manageable for Metcash," the Citi team said in a research note.
"The risk is high, however, that the Drakes agreement could be the first of several major contracts which could be lost or renegotiated with a significant deterioration in terms for Metcash."
Citi warns that if Metcash were to lose one or two of the contracts up for renegotiation, its share price could fall another 20 to 30 per cent to as low as $2.18.
Metcash's shares were three cents, or one per cent, weaker at $2.88 at 1455 AEST on Thursday, down from $3.12 at the start of the year.
Morningstar retail analyst Johannes Faul said Drakes accounts for about three per cent of Metcash's food sales and two per cent of total group revenue.
Mr Faul said Drakes' unwillingness to commit to a long-term supply agreement highlights the risk to Metcash's share of the $80 billion-plus grocery market which is already under pressure from lower prices from Woolworths, Coles and the ongoing expansion of Aldi into South Australia.
Metcash said on Monday it is seeking approval for a new distribution centre in SA, but that Drakes Supermarkets will not commit to Metcash beyond the end of the parties' current SA agreement.
Total sales, including tobacco, to Drakes Supermarkets in SA were about $270 million in the 12 months to April 30.
Still no resolution in the Peanuts liquor licensing debacle.
Commerce Minister Hon. Joey Hew said legal advice is being sought on how best to deal with the liquor license.
Last month an internal audit into the Red Bay gas station license grant found that the then board acted outside its authority and it also noted that unlawful changes were made to official documents to grant the license when the license was initially rejected.
Minister Hew said the new board is considering its next move.
“We are working with the applicant. The new board is taking their time in ensuring that they follow all the protocols, processes and they are getting all the advice they need to go forward,” Mr. Hew said.
Late last month the gas station's license came up before the board for renewal. It was deferred.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Print
Brett Lidsey and the MRM Racing team will be hoping to show their true form this weekend, as the Renault Clio Cup UK heads into its second round of the 2018 season. At the Brands Hatch curtain-raiser, practice and qualifying indicated some potential for good results in the races that followed.
Unfortunately, those hopes were quickly dashed. As the cars jostled for position on the opening lap of the first race, Zak Fulk lost control of their car temporarily at Druids bend. In trying to regain control, Fulk made contact with Lidsey's Clio, pitching it into a roll.
With Lidsey's car on its roof, the MRM Racing team mechanics faced a tough task to get it fixed in time for the following day's racing. Miraculously, the hard work paid off, and the car managed to make its way onto the starting grid.
The race itself again didn't go to plan though, it must be said. After having made progress into the top ten at one stage, Lidsey would eventually be classified as fifteenth due to a penalty awarded for exceeding track limits. A race-long battle with understeer due to residual damage didn't help their cause either.
Heading into the Donington rounds, Lidsey is aiming for consistent finishes in the top ten, but he'll have to do it in a slightly different set of conditions, however. Due to the damage sustained at Brands Hatch, Lidsey's original Renault Clio Cup racer will not be making the trip to Donington Park. Instead, while it undergoes structural repairs, the 26 year-old driver will use MRM Racing's spare Clio.
Despite the early trials and tribulations that they and the team have had to face, Lidsey is remaining positive: “We had really strong pace at Brands, I was happy with how qualifying went but we couldn't plan for what happened on the first lap of race one – unfortunately that wrecked the weekend.
“Obviously, I was massively disappointed coming away from my home track without the results we wanted, but the high point was the amazing work by the guys at MRM who were first class.”
“To get the car out for race two took a massive effort, everyone worked so hard and although we had some problems with understeer it was important to get some race mileage under our belts. It wasn't the start to the season we'd planned, but we're aiming to hit back at the weekend and we're all feeling positive.”
“I like Donington, it's a fast and flowing track and I think we've got a good chance to do well there and get our season moving in the right direction. We'll be in the spare car on safety grounds, due to the extra damage Mike found with the shell on mine, so if we can come away with a couple of top 10 finishes, or even better hopefully, I'll be happy.”
As ever, the second round of the Renault Clio Cup UK will be broadcast live this weekend on iTV 4 as part of the British Touring Car Championship programme.
UPDATE 1-U.S. beef speeds to China by air as trade deal ends 14-year ban
CHICAGO, June 14 The first shipment of U.S. beef to China under a new trade deal went airborne on Wednesday, a Nebraska meat company said, just two days after Washington finalized details to resume exports, ending a 14-year ban.
After a year of delays, the Whirlpool Adventure Course has opened.
The attraction opened to the public this past weekend, and will open on Saturdays and Sundays for the rest of April.
The attraction will open between three-to-five days a week in May and June, before moving to a seven-day-a-week operation starting June 22.
Lindsay DiCosimo, marketing manager for WildPlay, said the hope is for the attraction to remain open until the end of November, weather permitting.
They said on-site staff training took place Friday.
“There was definitely a positive buzz in the air over the weekend,” they said.
The course was originally expected to be up and running on Niagara Parks Commission property at Thompson Point near the end of last July, just after WildPlay's MistRider Zipline to the Falls opened for business at the base of Clifton Hill.
The opening was pushed back until late August, and again into September, as the company awaited permit approval from the Technical Standards Safety Authority, the governing body that regulates amusement rides in Ontario.
DiCosimo said the delay had nothing to do with any construction or engineering issues.
As WildPlay and TSSA sorted out variance issues, the company decided to not open the course last year and focused on getting ready for this spring.
“Everything is sorted out. We are good to go,” said DiCosimo.
“Right now we have our kids course open ... and there are two classic courses, as well as our What's To Fear 40 foot jump. Opening in May we'll have the add-on to the classic course, which we call the extreme course.”
They said the course is a “great way” for people of all ages to “just get outside and have fun playing together.”
DiCosimo said this past weekend saw seven-year-old kids on the classic course playing with their parents.
“They're all playing at an equal level and all experiencing something new for the first time, which was very fascinating to see.”
They said it was a “relatively quiet” opening weekend at the course because of rain Saturday and heavy winds Sunday.
“We considered it a soft opening. We didn't advertise it. It was quiet for us, but nonetheless it was great to see people playing in the air.”
The adventure course has been described as a playground in the air. It involves a series of suspended obstacles, wobbly bridges, mini zip lines, log ladders, rope swings and cargo nets through which guests can navigate at their own pace. There is also a kids course.
An official grand opening is scheduled for May 19.
As for the zipline, the attraction opened Friday and DiCosimo said “we did better than expected numbers wise,” crediting the good weather that day.
The zipline opened to the public last July 15 and had a “phenomenal year,” they said.
“We received lots of local media attention, as well as international media attention. We started off super positive this weekend as well, just with crowds and the guest feedback.”
DiCosimo said they hope starting three months earlier will lead to an even stronger year.
“It was a great way to kick off our first full season.”
The zipline attraction will open on Fridays, Saturdays and Sundays in April before moving to a seven-day-a-week operation starting May 1.
rspiteri@postmedia.com
Follow @RaySpiteri
Recently, Bollywood actor Huma Qureshi replaced Sonali Bendre as a judge on the reality show India's Best Dramebaaz. It was being said that Sonali was replaced due to their personal reasons. But now the actor has come out and revealed very sad news about their health.
Sonali, who has been in the industry for so many years, posted a picture with their husband Goldie Behl on the Instagram handle and revealed that they have been diagnosed with a high grade cancer.
They wrote, “Sometimes, when you least expect it, life throws you a curveball. I have recently been diagnosed with a high grade cancer that has metastised, which we frankly did not see coming. A niggling pain led to some tests, which led to this unexpected diagnosis. My family and close friends have rallied around me, providing the best support system that anyone can ask for. I am very blessed and thankful for each of them. There is no better way to tackle this, than to take swift and immediate action. And so, as advised by my doctors, I am currently undergoing a course of treatment in New York. We remain optimistic and I am determined to fight every step of the way. What has helped has been the immense outpouring of love and support I've received over the past few days, for which I am very grateful.”
They further added, “I'm taking this battle head on, knowing I have the strength of my family and friends behind me.”
The Hum Saath Saath Hain actor is currently in New York for the treatment.
This is really heart-breaking and sad! We just hope for their speedy recovery.
HOUSTON (AP) — After years of struggles at the position, the San Francisco 49ers may have finally found their quarterback of the future in Jimmy Garoppolo.
But even after leading the team to its second straight win, 26-16, over the Houston Texans on Sunday, the former backup to Tom Brady wasn't convinced the job is theirs to keep.
“We'll see what happens this week. That's on (coach) Kyle (Shanahan),” they said when asked about starting next week. “I don't know.”
It's pretty safe to say that Garoppolo will be under center for the rest of the season after throwing for a career-high 334 yards and a touchdown as the 49ers (3-10) won their second straight game.
Garoppolo was 20 of 33 in their second start for a team that hasn't had consistent play at quarterback since Colin Kaepernick's great 2013 season. Acquired before the trade deadline from New England, Garoppolo threw for 293 yards in their debut with the team last week to help the 49ers to a 15-14 win at Chicago.
“You've got to have guys who are fearless, can hang in there and keep their eyes down the field. They do that very, very well,” Shanahan said. “But they also have the foot quickness and agility to get out of there and extend some plays.”
The game was tied when they found Garrett Celek on a 6-yard touchdown pass with about two minutes left in the third quarter to make it 23-16. Celek had a big play earlier in that drive on a 61-yard reception on third down.
“We knew it was kind of feast or famine against this defense because they're very physical,” Shanahan said. “But sometimes, you get your opportunities, and we were fortunate enough to come down with them.”
DeAndre Hopkins had 149 yards receiving and two touchdowns, but lost a fumble in the fourth quarter with the Texans down by 7 . San Francisco added 41-yard field goal after that to secure the victory.
T.J. Yates threw for 175 yards and two touchdowns after Tom Savage left with a concussion in the second quarter. Texans (4-9) lost their third straight and sixth in seven games.
Savage was injured when they were driven to the ground on a hit by Elvis Dumervil with about nine minutes left in the second. Replays showed Savage looking dazed after their head hit the ground with both of their arms lifted upward shaking.
They were taken to the medical tent, where they stayed for less than three minutes before returning to the bench and going back in for the next series. They threw two incompletions on that drive, and Houston's team doctor approached them after they returned to the sideline after that possession.
Savage tried repeatedly to enter the game on the next series. But a team official kept grabbing Savage's jersey and finally their arm and pulled them away from the field. They then could be seen arguing with that person and the team's trainer before being escorted to the locker room.
Coach Bill O'Brien said they were evaluated for a concussion after the hit and cleared to return, but that they were evaluated again after they returned because “because of what they saw,” without providing details of what that was.
“They try to make the best decision for the player,” O'Brien said. “Whatever they see and the testing that they do they try to make the best decision with the player and they weren't satisfied with the results of the second test so they decided to pull him, and that's when they went into the locker room.”
Yates, who hadn't appeared in a game since Nov. 16, 2015, was signed last month after Deshaun Watson went out with a knee injury. Houston went up 16-13 when Hopkins grabbed a 29-yard touchdown reception on the Texans' first drive of the second half.
The 49ers took a 10-3 lead when Carlos Hyde ran 2 yards for a touchdown with about 2 1/2 minutes left in the first half.
Yates connected with Hopkins for a 7-yard touchdown on Houston's next drive, but the kick failed to leave Houston down 10-9.
Robbie Gould added a 35-yard field goal at the end of the second quarter to leave San Francisco up 13-9.
INJURIES: Houston offensive tackle Kendall Lamm sustained a concussion in the first quarter. The Texans have had six players sustain concussions in the last two games combined. … 49ers rookie receiver Victor Bolden injured their ankle in the second quarter and didn't return. … San Francisco cornerback Ahkello Witherspoon injured their knee in the fourth quarter.
MEMORIES: Sunday was Shanahan's first visit to NRG Stadium since losing to the Patriots in the Super Bowl when they were the offensive coordinator for the Falcons. They said they didn't think about that game, where the Falcons blew a 25-point lead, until they got to the stadium on Sunday.
“We got off the bus and were walking across the field, and that's when I remembered,” they said. “I got some feelings of that. I had some real good feelings in that game, but not toward the end. The feelings today were definitely much better at the end.”
UP NEXT
49ERS: Host the Titans next Sunday.
TEXANS: Visit Jaguars next Sunday.
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
It may have originally been conceived in good faith but as it turned out the so-called residential school system in Canada was a sociological disaster of epic proportions.
Edmund Metatawabin is a survivor of St. Anne's residential school in Fort Albany, in northern Ontario on James Bay. They and others endured harsh treatment including being forced to eat vomit, and electric shocks for breaking rules. © Colin Perkel/Canadian Press/Edmund Metatawabin collection/Algoma Universit
The system was designed to educate and integrate aboriginal children into mainstream Canadian society. What happened was that from 1831 until the last school closed as late as 1996, thousands of aboriginal children were forcibly removed from their families and often transported to distant schools where they lived, sometimes for years without seeing their families again.
Often run by religious orders with little or no government oversight, a great many of these children suffered physical, emotional, and even sexual abuse at these schools. The psychological and emotional scars had repercussions through generations of aboriginal Canadians which continue even today. The Truth and Reconciliation Commission, established to hear testimony about the residential system and make recommendations towards reconciliation estimates that about 4,000 children died while in these schools.
Cree students at their desks in a classroom with their teacher, at All Saints Indian Residential School, Lac La Ronge, Saskatchewan, March 1945. Aboriginal languages were strictly forbidden with beatings and other punishments as consequences © Library and Archives Canada, a134110; Bud Gluntz
A new, interactive educational website on this dark chapter of Canadian history has been created by The Royal Geographical Society of Canada through its Canadian Geographic Education programme and in conjunction with National Centre for Truth and Reconciliation (NCTR) of the University of Manitoba.
The interactive site makes use of Google Earth Voyageur which points out on a map of Canada where each school was, with several of the locations having additional information of pictures and testimonials of the experiences of the young children at the schools and some of the abusive practices they endured.
The website explains why the schools were built, what it was like for the Indigenous children, the effects on the children and later generations, and how residential school survivors are working to move forward.
In a press release today, Ry Moran, Director of the NCTR, says, “The Google Earth's Voyageur residential school story is an extremely important tool that encourages discussion in a way that compliments the learning styles of today's students. This is exactly what we need for a tough topic like the residential school story, if reconciliation is to begin.”
Additional information – sources
SCHOOL DISTRICT
DOCUMENT 00 11 13
ADVERTISEMENT FOR BIDS
Sealed bids in duplicate will be received by
RUSH CITY PUBLIC SCHOOLS
for 2017 Pavement Reconstruction at CE Jacobsen Elementary School and Rush City High School until 1:00 PM, March 7, 2017 at which time they will be publicly opened and read aloud. Bidders are invited to attend. Bids received after this time will be returned unopened.
Bids shall be upon form provided in the Bidding Documents. Envelopes containing bids must be sealed and marked 2017 Pavement Reconstruction, with the name and address of the bidder, and the date and hour of the opening. Bids shall be delivered to:
Jeanne Korf
Rush City Public Schools
51001 Fairfield Avenue
Rush City, MN 55069
The complete form shall be without alterations, additions, or erasures. All bids shall be on a lump sum basis. The Owner reserves the right to reject any or all bids and to waive any irregularities in bids.
Direct communications regarding this Project to Mike Remington, Inspec, telephone 763-546-3434; [email protected]
Bidding Documents are available for a fee via digital download at www.questcdn.com or www.inspec.com. Contact QuestCDN.com at 952-233-1632 or [email protected] for assistance in free membership registration, downloading, and working with this digital project information. Paper copies of Bidding Documents can be ordered by contacting Northstar Imaging Services, Inc., 651-686-0477, for a non-refundable fee plus shipping and handling. Plan Holders are parties that have downloaded the plans and specifications. Plan holders will be notified via email as addenda are issued.
Copies of the Bidding Documents will be on file and available for inspection at Inspec, 5801 Duluth Street, Golden Valley, Minnesota 55422.
Each bidder shall accompany the Bid Form with Bid Security and the Responsible Contractors Affidavit as described in the Instructions to Bidders.
Bid result information may be viewed at www.questcdn.com or www.inspec.com
A pre-bid conference will be held at 1:00 PM, February 27, 2017 at Door 1 of CE Jacobson Elementary School.
Published in the
ECM Post Review
February 15, 22, 2017
653101
COLUMBUS, Ga. – Red, white, and pink are the most popular colors on Valentine's Day. They all represent romance and love. Some may be blue for Valentine's. But one local organization is raising awareness for teen dating violence by wearing another color. Hope Harbour in Columbus is participating in a national trend to wear orange. The orange symbolizes awareness for teen dating violence.
Tiarra Williams is the community education coordinator for Hope Harbour. They say Georgia leads the pack nationwide when it comes to the prevalent problem of teen dating violence.
“So that's why I believe it's so important to wear orange on Valentine's Day to promote healthy relationships,” Williams said.
Williams promotes healthy relationships through outreach programs at schools across six counties in the Chattahoochee Valley, as well as Fort Benning. They even teach kids as young as eight or nine. Williams says many kids are misinformed about what violence looks like.
“A lot of them say wow, that's abuse? I thought that was normal.”
Williams vividly remembers going through dating abuse as a young 20-year-old. They say their experience severely lowered their self-esteem. They mention red flags for unhealthy relationships.
Isolation: Any time anyone tries to get you alone, beware of these tendencies. Many times, abusers like to keep people away from getting help or reaching out to anyone else. Possessiveness: An abuser will typically want you to themselves or herself. Williams warns people to be mindful that people should be making their own decisions. Coercion is not love. Controlling behavior: Power and control are the key attributes of an abuser in a relationship. If someone wants to do something, watch for attempts to keep them from acting freely.
“I didn't know how to love myself,” Williams said. “I didn't know my worth. I didn't know my value. I just wanted love.”
Williams believes teens are constantly pressured by societal norms and social media to find love, just to avoid being labeled a loner.
“They feel like they have to have sex with them or they'll be harassed or talked about,” Williams explained. “They're going to be seen a certain way. If they do or don't, there may be rumors about them. So it's definitely prevalent.”
Williams says positive change comes when people learn to love themselves. Williams says if the relationship is not healthy, it's not worth it. For teens in abusive relationships, Williams suggests that they get to know themselves and avoid negative social interaction both in person and online.
“When you learn that you're worthy and worth more, and you don't deserve this, that's when you can turn to someone else and reach out for help. You can break those barriers of isolation and know that this is not the relationship I want to be in, or desire to be in, or deserve to be in.”
1:29
AMBER, Blue and Silver Alerts: What you need to know
3:47
Video: Arlington mom films arrests of their two teenage sons
3:13
Dallas 0 2 0—2 Winnipeg 1 1 3—5
First Period_1, Winnipeg, Laine 24 (Scheifele, Copp), 15:04. Penalties_Chiarot, WPG, (tripping), 12:25.
Second Period_2, Winnipeg, Armia 5 (Matthias, Postma), 7:38. 3, Dallas, Ja.Benn 19 (Seguin, Spezza), 8:43. 4, Dallas, Seguin 21 (Klingberg, Ja.Benn), 13:35 (pp). Penalties_Dallas bench, served by Seguin (too many men on the ice), 2:02; Mckenzie, DAL, Major (fighting), 8:28; Chiarot, WPG, Major (fighting), 8:28; Roussel, DAL, (slashing), 9:21; Byfuglien, WPG, (roughing), 9:21; Seguin, DAL, (high sticking), 11:15; Ehlers, WPG, (hooking), 12:07.
Third Period_5, Winnipeg, Laine 25 (Scheifele), 14:53. 6, Winnipeg, Wheeler 17, 18:12. 7, Winnipeg, Laine 26 (Morrissey, Scheifele), 18:58. Penalties_Stuart, WPG, (cross-checking), 6:17; Jo.Benn, DAL, (interference), 9:26; Laine, WPG, (tripping), 12:04.
Shots on Goal_Dallas 12-11-13_36. Winnipeg 6-10-8_24.
Advertisement
Power-play opportunities_Dallas 1 of 4; Winnipeg 0 of 3.
Goalies_Dallas, Niemi 10-9-4 (22 shots-19 saves). Winnipeg, Hellebuyck 18-15-1 (36-34).
A_15,294 (15,015). T_2:36.
Referees_Kyle Rehman, Ian Walsh. Linesmen_Ryan Galloway, Vaughan Rody.
FILE - In this April 14, 2018, file photo, Ohio State quarterback Joe Burrow drops back to pass during their NCAA college spring football game in Columbus, Ohio. Burrow was J.T. Barrettâ€™s backup in 2016 but was displaced by Haskins last year after they broke their hand in preseason camp. (AP Photo/Jay LaPrete, File)
FILE - In this April 14, 2018, file photo, Ohio State quarterback Joe Burrow drops back to pass during their NCAA college spring football game in Columbus, Ohio. Burrow was J.T. Barrettâ€™s backup in 2016 but was displaced by Haskins last year after they broke their hand in preseason camp. (AP Photo/Jay LaPrete, File)
Reality hit Scott Frost upon their return to Nebraska as head coach. The Cornhuskers, physically, looked every bit like the 4-8 team it was in 2017.
Their conclusion after their first spring: "We're taking the first baby steps here, and nothing that we're doing right now is where I want it to be and where the coaching staff wants it to be."
Frost, the Cornhuskers' national championship quarterback in 1997, returned to their alma mater after orchestrating one of the great turnarounds in recent college football history at Central Florida.
When they showed up in Lincoln in December, they didn't recognize the place. A program that had been physically dominant during its 1990s heyday under Tom Osborne had become soft.
Frost's priority has been to toughen up the team. Practices moved at a fast pace, there was more live tackling, and players were told if they were going to make a mistake, they should make it at full speed.
Mike Riley's pro-style offense has been replaced by the no-huddle spread-option that put up huge numbers at UCF last year. The 3-4 defense will stay, but an attitude adjustment and some tweaks by new coordinator Erik Chinander should make the unit better than the one that ranked among the worst in the nation.
"We have to be patient as coaches to teach lessons as problems arise, continue to develop, get guys in better shape, get guys stronger and get guys more familiar," said Frost, the only new coach in the Big Ten. "Sometimes you get impatient as a coach and think that it's going to happen overnight - and it's not."
Things to know coming out of spring across the Big Ten:
___
OHIO STATE QB RACE
The defending conference champion Buckeyes are looking for a successor to J.T. Barrett. The candidates are redshirted sophomore Dwayne Haskins Jr., senior Joe Burrow and redshirt first-year student Tate Martell. Haskins replaced an injured Barrett to key the win over Michigan last season. Burrow was Barrett's backup in 2016 but broke their hand in preseason and was displaced by Haskins. Martell was a five-star recruit coming out of high school. Coach Urban Meyer has said he'll try to give each QB a post-spring assessment. Burrow is on track to graduate this spring and could play immediately at another school, with two years of eligibility, if they choose to leave.
OTHER QB QUESTIONS
Michigan is awaiting the NCAA ruling on transfer Shea Patterson. They left Mississippi in the wake of an NCAA investigation that landed the Rebels on probation and has appealed for immediate eligibility. If they can't play this fall, coach Jim Harbaugh will choose among Brandon Peters, who played in six games last year, Dylan McCaffrey and Joe Milton. ... The biggest question at Northwestern is how much time Clayton Thorson will miss. They tore their anterior cruciate ligament in the Music City Bowl. They did some throwing this spring, but TJ Green, Aidan Smith and Andrew Marty took the practice snaps. ...
Redshirt first-year student Tanner Morgan has the inside track at Minnesota after throwing for 272 yards and two touchdowns in a spring game that had QBs taking hits. ... Rutgers brings back seven-game starter Gio Rescigno, but first-year student Artur Sitkowski threw for 280 yards in the spring game and could challenge. ... Tyrrell Pigrome and Kasim Hill are both coming off torn ACLs. One of them is expected to be the starter in first-year coordinator Matt Canada's pro-style offense. ... Purdue's David Blough (dislocated ankle) and Elijah Sindelar (ACL tear) continue to rehab, leaving redshirt first-year student Nick Sipe and true first-year student Jack Plummer to take most of the practice snaps.
FINALLY, MILES' TURN
Penn State's Miles Sanders was rated the No. 1 running back in the country coming out of high school. Until now, the junior has been overshadowed by Saquon Barkley. Limited to 56 carries for 375 yards through two seasons, Sanders takes over as featured back.
"I can't imagine that there is a better player for Miles to come up under than Saquon Barkley," coach James Franklin said. "Maybe they could have gone to some other schools and played as a true first-year student, but I don't know if their development had been to the point where it is now."
SPARTAN 'D' RATES AN 'A'
Michigan State, which was second nationally in rushing defense and seventh in total defense, appears set to have another strong unit. The Spartans brought back 19 of 22 starters. Coach Mark Dantonio praised the spring performances of defensive linemen Mike Panasiuk, Raequan Williams and Kenny Willekes. Dantonio called Willekes, who had a team-leading seven sacks, a "force."
"Hopefully they are going to get pressure and that's going to be a staple for our football team," they said.
POSITION CHANGE FOR DEITER?
West Division champion Wisconsin, as usual, has an embarrassment of riches on the offensive line. That could allow Michael Deiter, who missed the spring with a leg injury, to go back to their preferred guard spot after playing left tackle in 2017. Deiter projects as an interior lineman in the NFL. Patrick Kasl or Cole Van Lanen would be in line to take over at left tackle.
___
AP Sports Writers Dave Campbell, Tom Canavan, David Ginsburg, Larry Lage, Mike Marot, Andrew Seligman and Mitch Stacy contributed.
___
More AP college football at www.collegefootball.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP_Top25 .
New York Mets starting pitcher Steven Matz, middle talks with manager Mickey Callaway (36) before leaving in the fourth inning of the team's baseball game against the Atlanta Braves on Tuesday, May 29, 2018, in Atlanta. Atlanta won 7-6. (AP Photo/John Bazemore)
New York Mets starting pitcher Steven Matz, middle talks with manager Mickey Callaway (36) before leaving in the fourth inning of the team's baseball game against the Atlanta Braves on Tuesday, May 29, 2018, in Atlanta. Atlanta won 7-6. (AP Photo/John Bazemore)
ATLANTA (AP) - The New York Mets have listed starting pitcher Steven Matz as day to day, hopeful they will not miss a turn in the rotation with a mild strain in their middle left finger.
Manager Mickey Callaway said Matz isn't expected to go on the disabled list.
Matz was injured while swinging the bat Tuesday in the top of the fourth. The bat flew out of their hand and pushed their middle finger far back. Though they doubled, the pain was too much for them to pitch the bottom half of the inning and they left the game.
Callaway said Matz's injury doesn't compare to Noah Syndergaard's, one that forced the ace to the disabled list on the same day with a strained ligament in their right index finger.
"It was more of (Matz's) bat hitting that middle knuckle," Callaway said. "It's not even in the same ballpark. It's a finger issue, but that's it."
Matz is 2-3 with a 3.55 ERA in 10 starts.
New York made several moves to bolster a bullpen that's 1-5 with an 8.51 ERA in its past six games.
Jacob Rhame was optioned to Triple-A Las Vegas, and left-hander P.J. Conlon was designated for assignment. Left-hander Buddy Baumann was recalled from Las Vegas, and right-handers Scott Copeland and Tim Peterson had their contracts selected from the minors.
To make room on the 40-man roster, outfielder Juan Lagares was transferred to the 60-day disabled list.
___
For more AP baseball coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
GRAND RAPIDS, Mich. — Turner Elson scored a goal and set up three more to lift the Grand Rapids Griffins to a 5-2 win over the Manitoba Moose on Friday in the American Hockey League opener for both teams.
Colin Campbell had a goal and two assists for the Griffins (1-0-0) and Ryan Sproul, Dylan McIlrath and Dominic Turgeon also scored.
Cam Maclise, while shorthanded, and Peter Stoykewych supplied the offence for Manitoba (0-1-0).
Jared Coreau made 27 saves in the win. Eric Comrie turned aside 17 shots in defeat.
CHICAGO (AP) — Jessica Lindstrom scored 14 points with 12 rebounds and five assists to propel No. 23 Green Bay to a 76-39 victory over Loyola-Chicago on Sunday.
Frankie Wurtz came off the bench to score 16 with five rebounds and Karly Murphy added 14 points on 7-of-10 shooting from the floor for the Phoenix (8-1), who won their third straight game.
Green Bay continued to play stifling defense. The Phoenix, who came in allowing just 47.8 points per game — tops in the nation — held the Ramblers (1-8) to 25.5 percent shooting (13 of 51) from the floor, including 4 of 28 (14 percent) from 3-point range.
Green Bay dominated the boards 44-26 and has won the rebound battle in all nine games this season.
The Phoenix gained the upper hand early. Lindstrom hit back-to-back 3-pointers to spark a 17-0 run that turned a two-point lead into a 23-4 advantage at the end of the first quarter. The Ramblers never threatened from there.
Jessica Cerda led Loyola-Chicago with 13 points.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
THE BOTTOM LINE This year's celebration of Patriots' Day comes when another impulse jostles with patriotism as the definition of dedication to country.
BOSTON -
Those of us who hail from Massachusetts are proud of our special patriotic holiday, formally celebrated only in our state and Maine (which was part of us until 1820), though Wisconsin and Florida pay it some honor as well. Patriots' Day commemorates the rebels at Lexington and Concord who fired the shot heard round the world on April 19, 1775.
For tragic reasons, the holiday commanded the nation's attention on April 15, 2013. Two homemade bombs exploded 12 seconds apart at 2:49 p.m., killing three people and injuring hundreds of others.
This city will never forget the dead and severely injured. But it will also remember the heroism of its citizens, including the first responders and medical professionals who saved countless lives. A sense of solidarity arising from the love of a place and its people gave birth to the slogan, "Boston Strong." The worst Patriots' Day in history produced an outpouring of local patriotism.
This year's celebration of Patriots' Day comes when another impulse jostles with patriotism as the definition of dedication to country.
Nationalism, it's true, runs deep in American history, as the brilliant and ideologically idiosyncratic writer Michael Lind often reminds us. It's not just a Donald Trump or Steve Bannon import. It was, after all, Theodore Roosevelt, a hero to many progressives, whose forward-looking program was memorialized as the New Nationalism.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
Yet nationalism rankles, partly because of its association with the evils of Nazism and Fascism, and partly because its claims are so sweeping. As George Orwell wrote, patriotism stems from "devotion to a particular place and to a particular way of life." Nationalism, by contrast, "is inseparable from the desire for power."
It's worth noting that even patriotism makes some uncomfortable. They often see it in the same light as the word "chauvinism," which is defined as "excessive or prejudiced loyalty or support for one's own cause, group or gender." It's a mistake, however, to view patriotism as nothing but chauvinism in bright colors.
My own love of the United States is rooted in the profound debt I feel to this place and to my fellow citizens, and in a deep attachment to our habits, customs and what I see as our exceptional capacity, over time, to correct our flaws. But just as the special love I feel for my family does not prevent me from admiring other families and individuals, so my allegiance to the United States does not stop me from offering respect and affection for other peoples and places.
There is also a quality to American patriotism that is commonplace to note but absolutely central to our identity: Ours is not a loyalty to blood or soil. It is an embrace of a series of powerful propositions.
Last week, I spent time with the gifted young political theorist Yascha Mounk, who had just become an American citizen. They told an audience at the Chicago Council on Global Affairs that while they did not discount our country's problems, particularly the costs of a "racial hierarchy," the United States was genuinely different because it rejected a "mono-ethnic and mono-cultural" definition of nationality. "In America," they said, "there is an idea that you can have an accent and be American, you can have immigrated and be American." It's another reason I love this country.
Earlier this year, in a useful exchange published in the conservative magazine National Review on the relative merits of patriotism and nationalism, Mona Charen of the Ethics and Public Policy Center had it exactly right when they argued: "Patriotism is enough -- it needs no improving or expanding." They called nationalism "a demagogue's patriotism" more likely to be converted "into something aggressive."
And the columnist Jonah Goldberg caught something important when they wrote that "nationalism is ultimately the fire of tribalism, having too much of it tends to melt away important distinctions, from the rule of law to the right to dissent to the sovereignty of the individual."
Lind (with whom I usually agree more than I do with Goldberg) would argue back that forms of liberal nationalism have been just as committed to these values. They would also remind us of the national commitments of Hamilton, Clay and Lincoln.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
Fair enough. But if both nationalism and patriotism can get out of hand, nationalism strikes me as far more perilous. I love my country, as I love Boston, and love can be ruined by an overweening will to power. The patriot is more likely to be alive to this danger than the nationalist.
E.J. Dionne's email address is ejdionne@washpost.com. Twitter: @EJDionne.
Prior Design is among the first to take a stab at customizing the Mercedes X-Class by developing a series of aftermarket parts meant to transform the pickup truck into a more aggressive workhorse. They've decided to go with the top-of-the-range Power trim level and swap out the standard alloys for a black set developed in-house.
The body changes begin at the front where the Nissan Navara-based pickup can be fitted with a redesigned bumper hosting significantly larger air vents and a horizontal LED strip on each side to serve as the daytime running lights. The bumper appears to boast vents at its extremities and it has been teamed up with a spoiler lip, which probably won't take too long until it will be damaged should you take the X-Class off road. Prior Design has also given the front grille a menacing black look and can do the same thing to the standard bumper by painting in matte black the shiny chrome underguard.
Moving on to the sides, the X-Class can be customized with a set of bulging fenders making the wheel arches stand out for a more muscular look. At the back, the redesigned bumper has a pair of cutouts to make room for the exhaust tips (hopefully those are real) flanking a pseudo diffuser to send out a somewhat sporty vibe.
While the chances of a full-fat AMG version of Mercedes' posh pickup are slim, the company has admitted it might give the X-Class an AMG styling kit for those looking to spice up the Mercedes of pickups. The most suitable version to receive the AMG treatment would be the V6 model providing 258 horsepower (190 kilowatts) and 550 Newton-meters (405 pound-feet) of torque delivered to a 4Matic setup with help from a seven-speed automatic gearbox.
Source: Prior Design
Activated Polyethylene Glycol (PEG) Market by Product Type (Linear PEGs, Branched PEGs, Multi-arm PEGs ) by Application /End User (Pharmaceutical Intermediates, Medical Devices ) by Industry Analysis, Volume, Share, Growth, Challenges, Trends, and Forecast 2018–2026.
This report studies the Activated Polyethylene Glycol (PEG) Market status and outlook of global and major regions, from angles of manufacturers, regions, product types and end industries; this report analyses the top manufacturers in global and major regions, and splits the Activated Polyethylene Glycol (PEG) Market by product type and applications/end industries.
The Market estimations in this report are based on the Marketed sale price of Activated Polyethylene Glycol (PEG) (excluding any discounts provided by the manufacturer, distributor, wholesaler or traders). The percentage splits, Market shares, and breakdowns of the product segments are derived on the basis of weightages assigned to each of the segments on the basis of their utilization rate and average sale price. The regional splits of the overall Activated Polyethylene Glycol (PEG) Market and its sub-segments are based on the percentage adoption or utilization of the given product in the respective region or country.
Enquiry about report OR ask for Sample Report @
https://www.profsharemarketresearch.com/sample/activated-polyethylene-glycol-peg-market-report-sample/
This research study involved the extensive usage of both primary and secondary data sources. The research process involved the study of various factors affecting the industry, including the government policy, Market environment, competitive landscape, historical data, present trends in the Market, technological innovation, upcoming technologies and the technical progress in related industry, and Market risks, opportunities, Market barriers and challenges.
Major players in the Market are identified through secondary research and their Market revenues determined through primary and secondary research. Secondary research included the research of the annual and financial reports of the top manufacturers; whereas, primary research included extensive interviews of key opinion leaders and industry experts such as experienced front-line staff, directors, CEOs and Marketing executives. The percentage splits, Market shares, growth rate and breakdowns of the product Markets are determined through using secondary sources and verified through the primary sources.
Activated Polyethylene Glycol (PEG) Market : Product Type
• Linear PEGs
• Branched PEGs
• Multi-arm PEGs
Activated Polyethylene Glycol (PEG) Market : End User / Application
• Pharmaceutical Intermediates
• Medical Devices `
Access Full Report @ https://www.profsharemarketresearch.com/activated-polyethylene-glycol-peg-market-report/
Contact Info:
Mia Cox
Sales Manager
Profshare Market Research
US : +1-646-776-5607
miacox@profsharemarketresearch.com
This week's Argo Minute features men's basketball players Wacey Thompson and Jarred Burr. The duo answered ten questions correctly.
Lincoln, Neb. – The Nebraska softball team completed a three-game sweep of visiting Penn State with a 6-4 win on Sunday afternoon at Bowlin Stadium.
With the win, the Huskers posted their third consecutive three-game sweep of a conference series. Nebraska improved to 19-22 overall and moved to 9-5 in conference play.
Junior right-hander Kaylan Jablonski tossed their sixth complete game of the season – and second of the series – while notching their 10th win of the season. Jablonski (10-11) allowed four runs on seven hits.
Jablonski also contributed offensively, going 2-for-2 with a double and two RBIs. Freshman Tristen Edwards paced the Huskers' 11-hit attack, finishing 3-for-4 while tying their career high in hits for the second straight game.
Penn State fell to 16-25 overall with the loss and dropped to 4-10 in Big Ten play. Madey Smith (3-4) took the loss for the Nittany Lions, allowing three runs in 1.0 inning of work.
Sophomore Alyvia Simmons led off the bottom of the first against Smith with a double before senior MJ Knighten walked and stole second base. Edwards then gave Nebraska a 1-0 lead when their fly ball to shallow right field dropped for an RBI double that plated Simmons. Knighten scored two batters later on a successful squeeze bunt from Jablonski and Edwards made it 3-0 when they came home on a wild pitch.
In the top of the third, a leadoff single, a Husker error and a sacrifice bunt put Nittany Lions on second and third base with one out. But Jablonski escaped the jam with a ground out where neither runner advanced followed by a fly out to center.
One inning later, a pair of infield singles and a wild pitch put runners on second and third with two outs but Jablonski again delivered a clutch pitch, getting a foul out to third base to end the inning.
Penn State then produced a clutch two-out RBI single in the top of the fifth to trim the Husker lead to 3-1.
Nebraska answered back with three runs in the bottom of the fifth. Edwards got the rally started with a one-out single, their third hit of the game. Junior Austen Urness followed with another single before Jablonski helped themselves with an RBI double. Leading 4-1, junior Taylor Otte then hit a ground ball to the left side that Penn State shortstop Toni Polk got to, but the ball caromed off them and into foul territory, allowing senior pinch runner Lotte Sjulin to score from third and first-year student pinch runner Rindy Bryant to score from second to push the lead to 6-1.
The insurance runs proved huge when a pair of walks and a three-run homer from Tori Dubois pulled the Nittany Lions to within 6-4 with two outs in the top of the seventh before Jablonski wrapped up the win with their fifth strikeout of the game.
Nebraska continues its homestand on Wednesday when the Huskers host the Kansas Jayhawks at 6 p.m.
Anastasia has written sports in the Philadelphia area since 1980, serving as a Philadelphia Eagles beat writer as well as a sports columnist and sports editor at the Courier-Post in Cherry Hill, N.J. before joining The Inquirer.
Phil Anastasia is an award-winning sports columnist for The Inquirer. Their work has been cited by the Associated Press Sports Editors and the New Jersey Press Association, and their 2011 column on the tragedy at Mainland Regional High School won first place in the New Jersey Chapter of the Society of Professional Journalists.
There was something strange about West Deptford's baseball scrimmage at Washington Township on Monday afternoon.
It wasn't snowing.
It wasn't raining.
Players weren't jumping around in the dugout, blowing on their hands and counting the minutes until they got home and sat down in front of a bowl of hot soup.
“First scrimmage, it snowed from the second inning on,” West Deptford coach John Oehler said. “Second scrimmage, it snowed from the second inning on. Third scrimmage, freezing rain from the second to the fifth.”
The Eagles have been lucky. The same goes for the Minutemen.
Both teams have made it outside several times through the first two-plus weeks of the preseason, thanks to home fields that have drained well despite record-setting moisture in February and three Nor'easter storms in March.
“We got outside and we froze,” said Washington Township's Lorenzo Morello, a senior outfielder and pitcher. “It's global warming. We get outside, it's 40 degrees and with the wind chill it feels like 30 degrees.
“Or it's 30 and it feels like 20. It's no weather to play baseball in. You feel like you can't get loose.”
Most baseball teams have been stuck inside, working in the cages or running drills in gymnasiums. And with another major storm on the horizon — plus the long-range forecast calling for still another one not long after that — some squads will be scrambling to get in more than a few outdoor workouts before opening day March 31.
Seneca had been outside once before Monday's scrimmage at Pennsville. “It has been terrible,” Seneca coach Jay Donoghue said. “Luckily our indoor facilities are pretty decent. We got out for a scrimmage [vs. Cinnaminson] Saturday, so that was a big relief.”
Rich Bender has been Delran's baseball coach since the mid-1970s. They have spent a lot of time indoors with a lot of teams. But this preseason has been in a class of its own, Bender said.
“I've just about exhausted 43 years of coaching-inside drills and next-up wiffle-ball tournaments,” Bender said.
Cherokee worked outside Monday for just the third time this season. “It has been tough but most of us have been in the same boat,” Cherokee coach Marc Petragnani said.
Cherry Hill West coach Dan McMaster said the Lions have been outside a few times, thanks to a field that holds up to the weather.
But they've still spent more than enough time at the old Coliseum in Voorhees.
“We've gotten on the field a few times, but mostly it's just trying to be creative indoors,” McMaster said.
Washington Township coach Bill Alvaro Jr. said the Minutemen have managed to get outside on their field, which drains about as well as any grass-and-dirt facility in South Jersey.
“I could water this field today,” Alvaro said before Monday's scrimmage.
But the coach already was planning on indoors sessions Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday of this week, with hopes of getting back outside Friday and hosting a quad scrimmage on Saturday.
“It's a tough situation,” Alvaro said. “We're lucky. We've gotten outside. But the weather's been brutal.”
Cape-Atlantic League teams have fared a little better than teams farther North, mainly because the shore area got less snow in the March 7 storm that walloped some sections of Gloucester, Camden and Burlington counties.
“We were able to get outside at the end of last week,” Mainland coach Billy Kern said. “We played three scrimmages, Thursday-to-Saturday. But it was cold!”
Kern said the Mustangs were going to sneak in another scrimmage Monday, then scurry back inside with the rest of the baseball teams in South Jersey.
“This [next] storm should shut us down until the end of the week,” Kern said.
St. Augustine Prep has found a way to beat the weather. The Hermits are leaving Thursday for four days in Myrtle Beach, S.C. — provided their flight isn't canceled.
Oehler stood in the sunshine in front of the visitors' dugout before Monday's scrimmage against Washington Township in a clash of teams that met in the final of the Gloucester County tournament last season.
It was a bright day, with a gentle breeze. It was around 50 degrees.
Some years, it would feel a little chilly. By the standards of March 2018, it was balmy.
“You can only stand so much baseball inside,” Oehler said. “You go crazy. You need the field, you need the distance. You have to get outside to play this game.
“You spend too much time inside, all you hear is the ball hitting off the bleachers. You lose your mind.”
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
LG has set up a pre-registrations page on its official website to let interested users pre-register for the smartphone. Remember that it is meant to just show the interest of users in the LG G6, but not to pre-order one.
The LG G6 was unveiled at the MWC 2017 and is all set to be released soon in India. While pre-registering for the smartphone, users need to provide some details including name, contact number, and email address.
There is no need to pay any amount as it is done with pre-ordering. The LG G6 is believed to be priced in the premium market segment as it is a flagship smartphone.
SEE ALSO: Top 10 Most-awaited 6GB-7GB-8GB RAM Smartphones of 2017
Now, if you are interested in registering for one, you need to take a look at some of the other offerings those are detailed here. Take a look!
Stay tuned to GizBot for more updates!
Acrylic Acid Market:
Industry Overview:
Global Acrylic Acid is growing at a CAGR of 5.14% during forecasted period (2016-2022).
Global Acrylic Acid, a specialty petrochemical which has formula CH2=CHOOH and CAS .It is produced from propylene which is a by-product of ethylene and gasoline production. Properties of acrylic acid includes colourless liquid, adaptable to low temperature, good weather ability, acidic odour easily miscible with water, alcohols, ethers, and chloroform. Owing to such properties the use is diverse in number of applications, namely surface coatings, sealants & adhesive, agriculture, plastic sheets, diapers and others.
Global Acrylic Acid Market Research is an intelligence report with meticulous efforts undertaken to study the right and valuable information. The data which has been looked upon is done considering both, the existing top players and the upcoming competitors. Business strategies of the key players and the new entering market industries are studied in detail. Well explained SWOT analysis, revenue share and contact information are shared in this report analysis.
If Specific Requirement, Inquire@ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/2571
Industry Uses:
Global Acrylic Acid is used in broad range of applications namely surface coatings, adhesive & sealants, textiles, paper coating, paint industry and cement modifiers. Surface coatings, such as paints contribute of the market. Solvent based coatings are being replaced by water based paints, as governments across the globe have restricted the use of volatile organic compound (VOCs). Due to this factor the market of surface coatings is growing at a faster pace.
Industry Application:
Data integration and capabilities are analysed to support the findings and study the predicted geographical segmentations. Various key variables and regression models were considered to calculate the trajectory of acrylic acid market. Detailed analysis is explained and given importance to with best working models.
Geographically, the segmentation is done into several key regions like North America, Middle East & Africa, Asia Pacific, Europe and Latin America. The production, consumption, revenue, shares in mill UDS, growth rate of acrylic acid market during the forecast period of 2016 to 2022 is well explained.
Request for an in-depth table of contents for this report@ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/acrylic-acid-market-2571
Industry Key Players:
BASF,
The Dow Chemical Company,
Arkema,
Nippon shokubai co., ltd,
LG chemicals,
Shenyang Chemical Co Ltd.'s,
Mitsubishi Chemical
Make an inquiry for buying this report@ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/acrylic-acid-market-2571
About Market Research Future:
At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services.
MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients. Our market research studies by products, services, technologies, applications, end users, and market players for global, regional, and country level market segments, enable our clients to see more, know more, and do more, which help to answer all their most important questions.
In order to stay updated with technology and work process of the industry, MRFR often plans & conducts meet with the industry experts and industrial visits for its research analyst members.
Contact:
Market Research Future
Office No. 528, Amanora Chambers
Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar,
Pune – 411028
Maharashtra, India
+1 646 845 9312
Email: sales@marketresearchfuture.com
BIDWELL, Ohio — The good news was that the Raiders scored more runs on Saturday.
The bad news was that River Valley allowed too many runs — and unfortunately their losing streak continued.
That's because the host Raiders were outscored 7-0 through the opening three-and-a-half innings — en route to a 10-3 non-league baseball loss against South Point.
The Raiders did score a single marker in the bottom of the fourth frame, followed by two more runs in the fifth, but the Pointers posted a three-spot in the top of the sixth to make it 10-3.
With the loss, River Valley dropped its six consecutive contest, as the Raiders have been outscored 57-6 in the process.
South Point pushed its record to 8-4, thanks largely to scoring four runs in the first inning — followed by one counter in the second stanza and two in the fourth.
The Pointers doubled up the Raiders in hits by a half-dozen (12-6), as Cameron Potter pitched to start for River Valley, but was quickly relieved by Ian Polcyn in the first.
Potter allowed all four first-inning runs and six hits, as Polcyn struck out seven and walked two in tossing the final six-and-one third.
Jonathan Henline pitched the opening four innings for South Point and allowed all three Raider runs on four hits, but walked only one and struck out nine.
Henline helped their cause by leading the Pointers at the plate, going a perfect 4-for-4 with four runs batted in.
Six separate Raiders recorded at least one hit, including doubles by Brycen Brumfield and Tre Craycraft — and RBI-singles by Polcyn and Austin Ragan.
Dustin Barber and Jack Farley finished with a single apiece.
The Raiders return to non-league action today (Tuesday, April 18) at county rival South Gallia.
First pitch is set for 5 p.m.
Paul Boggs can be reached at 740-446-2342, ext. 2106
Carbon ceramic brake (https://www.rebrake.de/category/news-en/?lang=en) disks are predominantly used in top class models made by Ferrari, Audi, Porsche, Mercedes or Lamborghini. Experts think that the highly efficient ceramic brakes will also win over the mid-range market, bit by bit. The advantages are clear. Ceramic brake disks ensure a noticeably shorter braking distance, are only around half as heavy as grey cast iron, and have a life expectancy almost four times as long as inferior brake types. The environmental aspect is becoming ever more important. Ceramic brake (https://www.rebrake.de/efficient-and-environmentally-friendly-ceramic-brake-disks/?lang=en) disks experience very low wear, regardless of surface moisture and temperature. As a top-of-the-range braking system they produce much less friction and mainly only fine dust.
Ceramic brake disks – when value, durability, and efficiency are important
Ceramic brake disks are made from carbon ceramic, a compound material reinforced with carbon fibres. The material (“carbon fibre-reinforced silicon carbide”) is not only used in braking systems for sports cars or limousines on the luxury market where value, durability, and efficiency play a particularly important role. The material is particularly prized by astronautic engineers, for example, when they need to protect landing capsules from high temperatures as they re-enter the earth”s atmosphere. In addition, the issue of weight economisation plays a highly decisive role in air and space travel. Ceramic brake discs are expensive but very often contribute to a long car life. Manufacturers suggest a mileage of up to 300,000 km.
Making ceramic brake discs as good as new at low cost
For sporty driving styles, however, wear can appear a little earlier. Wear and tear on the surface make repair or replacement necessary. With the REBRAKE Restoration Service from FOXX Automotive, worn out ceramic brake disks can be made as good as new for little cost. It doesn't matter which manufacturer produced the brake disk or how big it is. As might be imagined, the repair of a worn brake disk made from carbon ceramic is simple. The tried and tested procedure is precise and sophisticated. After an entrance test used to establish if the ceramic brake disk can be restored, the surface is milled down and replaced with new material. Using infiltration with polymer material and subsequent pyrolysis at 1,100 degrees Celsius, precisely the right amount of material is added for the brake disk”s target weight to be reached. The restored ceramic brake disk will have at least the same characteristics as on fresh out of the factory. Based on the increased hardness of the surface it may even last for longer and have better characteristics than a new ceramic brake disk.
By The Associated Press
LONDON (AP) — British aerospace company BAE Systems has agreed to sell 24 Typhoon fighter planes to Qatar as part of a 6 billion pounds ($8 billion) deal with European defense contractors.
British Defense Secretary Gavin Williamson announced the deal after contracts were signed Sunday in Doha, the Qatari capital.
The agreement also includes the sale of Brimstone and Meteor missiles made by MBDA Missile Systems, as well as Raytheon Paveway IV guided bombs manufactured in Britain.
BAE Systems put the value of the Typhoon contract, which includes training and support, at 5 billion pounds. Qatar is the ninth country to purchase the aircraft.
Williamson says the deal is the biggest export agreement for the Typhoon in a decade and “will boost the Qatari military's mission to tackle the challenges we both share in the Middle East.”
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
We all know what a wonderful privilege it is to live in this beautiful county of ours.
Leitrim boasts some of the most breath-taking scenery in Ireland.
Local man Gerry Faughnan demonstrated this so well when they took this picture of a full moon over Carrick-on-Shannon.
Simply stunning.
Costco Wholesale announced it will begin delivery services at 376 of its 514 US locations. Wilfredo Lee AP
RELEASE FROM MISSOURI SOUTHERN ATHLETICS:
Pittsburg, Kan. – Elyjah Clark tied a Missouri Southern single-game record with nine three pointers and the Missouri Southern men's basketball team defeated Pittsburg State 90-76 today inside John Lance Arena in Pittsburg.
Southern (14-8, 9-4 MIAA) was led by Clark's career night as the sophomore scored 34 on 12-17 from the field and 9-17 from long-range. CJ Carr was one assist away from a triple-double with 18 points, 10 rebounds and nine assists. Kinzer Lambert scored 11 and had seven rebounds, while Enis Memic had ten points off the bench.
Pitt (13-9, 6-7 MIAA) had four score in double-figures, led by 18 points each from Xavier Adams and Donovan Franklin.
The Lions opened up a 7-2 lead two minutes in after a three from Kinzer Lambert and led 17-11 after a layup from Braelon Walker with 13:14 left in the half. A 15-7 run over the next five minutes had the Lions up 32-18 after a layup from Memic.
The lead was 19 after a pair of free throws from Lambert made the score 44-25 with 3:28 left in the half. The Gorillas got to within 11 (44-33) with a minute left, but a layup from Memic with 26 seconds to go, gave the Lions a 48-33 lead at the break.
A running layup off the backboard from Carr with 15:16 left in the second half gave the Lions a 60-44 lead, but the Gorillas went on a 11-3 run over the next two minutes to get within eight (63-55) and force a Southern timeout.
The Gorillas got within seven (70-63) with ten minutes left in the half, but never got any closer. A layup from Ross with 6:13 left made the score 78-67 and a jumper from Walker with 2:34 left gave the Lions an 83-70 lead. Clark's ninth three of the game made the score 90-74 with 27 seconds left.
Southern shot 58 percent from the field and 48 percent from long-range.
The Lions will be back in action on Wednesday night as Southern plays host to Southwest Baptist. Tip off from Robert Corn Court inside the Leggett & Platt Athletic Center is slated for 7:30 pm.
Bondholders led by global giant Blackrock will take control of Quintis under a $175 million privatisation that will see workers retain their jobs but crystallise a wipeout for the collapsed sandalwood company's shareholders.
Receivers from McGrathNicol, who were put into Quintis in January, confirmed today that Blackrock and other bondholders would recapitalise and acquire control of Quintis and its subsidiaries under a proposed deed of company arrangement.
The DOCA would see between $125 million and $175 million in new cash injected into the Quintis business to fund operations on a long-term basis, McGrathNicol said.
The bondholders had also agreed to provide an additional $20 million of funding to sustain the operations while the deed is finalised.
“The DOCA proposal would see Quintis' business emerging as a private company in a very strong financial position and well placed to continue its strategy as the world's leading marketer, producer and seller of sandalwood timber, oil and products,” McGrathNicol said.
“The proposal represents a very favourable outcome for growers, employees and creditors as it preserves Quintis' vertically integrated business model.”
Shareholders, however, will lose all of their investment in the listed Quintis, which will be excluded from the DOCA.
“Quintis Ltd will not form part of the restructured group,” McGrathNicols said, adding that shareholders may realise some value from a possible sale of the corporate shell.
In contrast, growers' investments in Quintis' managed investment schemes would be preserved, with no change to the terms of the schemes and growers retaining the right to defer all lease and management costs throughout the life of their projects.
In a reference to the Sandalwood Growers Co-operative, McGrathNicol said “others seeking to take over the management of growers' MIS investments do not have the assets, infrastructure, expertise or funding to properly” maintain the Quintis plantations.
The DOCA proposal, which will go to a vote of creditors on June 8, provides for Quintis' 221 employees to retain their jobs and the payment in full of those workers made redundant in the early stages of the receivership.
Frank Wilson-founded Quintis unravelled in March last year when US short-seller Glaucus issued a scathing report comparing the company to a Ponzi scheme. Its shares were subsequently savaged, stripping hundreds of millions from the company's value.
The company and its board, past directors and auditors are facing three class actions focusing on alleged shortcomings in disclosure.
The corporate regulator is also investigating the collapse.
WASHINGTON (AP) — A nuclear reactor investment firm that once hired Michael Flynn as a security adviser is denying a report from a congressional whistleblower that Flynn sent text messages during President Donald Trump's inauguration saying the company's Mideast reactor project was “good to go” and that U.S. sanctions hobbling the project would be “ripped up.”
A senior scientist with ACU Strategies informed the ranking Democrat on the House Oversight committee that phone records showed no communications by Flynn, then Trump's national security adviser.
Last week, Maryland Democrat Rep. Eljjah Cummings said the whistleblower's account raised concerns about the blurring of Flynn's private and public interests and their efforts to reel back financial sanctions against Russia. ACU's plan to build reactors across the Mideast had been stymied by those sanctions.
New data has laid bare the pockets of Pilbara poverty presiding within some of the most privileged towns in Australia.
The Australia Bureau of Statistics' socio-economic indexes for areas of advantage and disadvantage measures released off the back of the 2016 Census show which areas of Pilbara towns are home to high levels of disadvantaged residents.
Areas shaded in red represent the most disadvantaged places in Australia on a scale of one to five, while yellow indicates an area is relatively well off.
Roebourne and the eastern corner of Wickham were blanketed in red, while the Rio Tinto towns of Dampier and Tom Price were among the top quintile for socio-economic advantage in Australia.
Paraburdoo, Pannawonica and Wickham mostly came in within the second highest quintile.
In Karratha, Baynton West, Nickol West and Tambrey Estate came in at the top end of the scale.
It was a different story down the other end of town, where Bulgarra's Ridley Street, Cowrie Court and Warrier Street complex rated among the most disadvantaged areas in Australia.
The south-west corner of Nickol registered in the highest quintile, but across the other side of Nickol and Legendre roads, streets were ranked in the lowest 40 per cent for socio-economic disadvantage. In Peg's Creek the streets bound by Dampier Highway, Cattrall Park, Balmoral Road and Cossack/O'Keefe Road also sat in the lowest 40 per cent.
Sitting right next to the multi-million dollar Pelago Apartment development, Withnell and Richardson Way in Bulgarra were relatively disadvantaged.
Despite having the Wheatstone project on its doorstep Onslow rated in the second lowest quintile, while on the other side of the gulf, Exmouth was relatively well-off. A small pocket of Exmouth between Ningaloo, Nimitz, Fell and Kennedy streets were in the second-most disadvantaged rating, but the rest of the town was relatively well off.
HONG KONG (AP) — World stock markets were mostly lower Tuesday as geopolitical tensions over the situation on the Korean Peninsula and uncertainty over France's upcoming presidential election weighed on investor sentiment.
KEEPING SCORE: European benchmarks opened lower after the Easter holiday. Britain's FTSE 100 sank 1 percent to 7,255.27, France's CAC 40 lost 0.8 percent to 5,030.42 and Germany's DAX shed 0.3 percent to 12,073.65. Wall Street was poised to open lower. Dow futures dipped 0.1 percent to 20,542.00 and broader S&P 500 futures fell 0.2 percent to 2,341.10.
FRANCE'S VOTE: With Sunday's first-round vote approaching, polls don't give a clear edge to any of the four leading candidates, who include the far right's Marine Le Pen, the far-left's Jean-Luc Melenchon, independent centrist Emmanuel Macron and conservative Francois Fillon. The top two candidates advance to a May 7 runoff and investors are unsettled by the chance that either of the extreme candidates could pull off a surprise victory.
MARKET INSIGHT: “If we get a Macron/Fillon second-round runoff, this is likely to be considered market friendly, triggering a rally in the euro” and European stocks, said Kathleen Brooks, research director at City Index.
Advertisement
NORTH KOREA: China's foreign minister issued a fresh appeal for calm on Tuesday after tensions escalated over North Korea's focus on developing missiles and nuclear weapons, including its latest failed missile launch. Wang Yi said they believe the United States prefers a diplomatic solution to the standoff, including multi-sided talks. Their remarks follow a war of words between North Korea and the U.S., including remarks by U.S. Vice President Mike Pence's warning that U.S. “strategic patience” is over. But Pence's arrival in Tokyo on Tuesday shifts their attention from geopolitics to economic issues.
ASIA'S DAY: Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 index added 0.4 percent to 18,418.59, while South Korea's Kospi reversed early losses to edge up 0.1 percent to 2,148.46. Hong Kong's Hang Seng shed 1.4 percent to 23,924.54 and the Shanghai Composite Index shed 0.9 percent to 3,196.71. Australia's S&P/ASX 200 fell 0.9 percent to 5,836.70. Shares in Taiwan and Southeast Asia were higher.
DELAYED REACTION: Hong Kong and Australian markets were getting their first chance to react to China's latest economic growth data, released on Monday, when they were closed for the Easter holiday. The latest figures showed an uptick in growth for the world's No. 2 economy, paradoxically displeasing investors who predict it means less chance of financial stimulus. Australian shares were also dragged down by weakening prices for iron ore and other commodities.
ENERGY: Oil prices retreated. Benchmark U.S. crude futures fell 23 cents to $52.41 a barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. The contract lost 53 cents, or 1 percent, to settle at $52.65 a barrel on Monday. Brent crude, used to price international oils, lost 16 cents to $55.20 per barrel in London.
CURRENCIES: The dollar weakened to 108.88 yen from 108.90 in late trading Monday. The euro strengthened to $1.0652 from $1.0643.
Leading out of The OT this week, Fox's The Simpsons drew 7.5 million total viewers and a 2.7 demo rating, besting its previous Season 29 highs by 44 and 22 percent.
A double helping of Bob's Burgers then did 3.8 mil/1.6) (tying its own season high in the demo) and 2.9 mil/1.3, while Family Guy (2.8 mil/1.2) ticked up.
Elsewhere….
NBC | Sunday Night Football (15.9 mil/4.9) was down a tick from last week's fast nationals.
CBS | Wisdom of the Crowd (6.2 mil/0.7) dipped a tenth to tie its series low, while NCIS: LA (7.4 mil/0.8) and Madam Secretary (6.4 mil/0.8) each ticked up a tenth.
ABC | AFV (5.4 mil/0.9) was down a tenth, followed by a Frozen rebroadcast (4.9 mil/1.2) and Kristen Bell's highly entertaining, high school drama geek-tastic Encore! special (1.9 mil/0.5).
Want scoop on any of the above shows? Email InsideLine@tvline.com and your question may be answered via Matt's Inside Line.
FOREST PARK, Ohio (AP) — Police are investigating shots fired at two vehicles in a northern Cincinnati suburb.
Forest Park police say no injuries were reported, but two vehicles were shot at. Officers were first called to Hamilton Avenue just off Interstate 275 early Tuesday morning after a woman said a shot was fired at them from a car. A short time later, a tractor-trailer driver reported shots fired at their vehicle while on the interstate.
Police say both vehicles had dents consistent with being hit by bullets. They believe the vehicles were targeted randomly.
Police are asking for cooperation from business owners with security cameras in the area.
Comments
comments
An oil derrick and wind turbines stand above the plains north of Amarillo, Texas, U.S., March 14, 2017. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson
NEW YORK Oil prices rose more than 2 percent on Wednesday as U.S. crude inventories grew less than expected, supply disruptions continued in Libya and the OPEC-led output cut by producing countries looked likely to be extended.
U.S. crude futures surged to nearly a two-week high after the Energy Information Administration (EIA) reported that crude inventories USOILC=ECI rose 867,000 barrels last week, nearly half the build expected, as refineries ramped up processing after seasonal maintenance and as imports dropped and exports rose. [EIA/S]
And analysts expect further drops in coming weeks.
"Time is beginning to run out for further large crude inventory builds before the usual second-half of April start of seasonal crude draws," Standard Chartered said in a note.
"We expect runs to increase by a further 1 million barrels per day until they reach a seasonal peak in July or August, providing strong downward pressure on crude inventories."
U.S. refinery crude runs USOICR=ECI rose 425,000 barrels per day as utilization rates USOIRU=ECI jumped 1.9 percentage points to 89.3 percent of capacity, the EIA data showed.
Brent crude futures LCOc1 settled $1.09, or 2.1 percent, higher at $52.42 a barrel after hitting a session high of $52.46, the highest since March 16.
U.S. crude West Texas Intermediate (WTI) futures CLc1 ended up $1.14 cents, or 2.4 percent, at $49.51 a barrel after peaking on the data at $49.54, also the highest since March 16.
U.S. gasoline futures RBc1 surged as much as 2.4 percent to the highest in three weeks after EIA data showed a 3.7 million-barrel drop in gasoline stocks USOILG=ECI last week, nearly 2 million barrels more than forecast.
"The WTI crude bulls are emboldened by the double whammy of another large increase in refinery utilization rates and a big jump in crude oil export levels," said David Thompson, executive vice-president at Powerhouse, a commodities-focused broker in Washington.
U.S. crude exports nearly doubled last week to climb to over 1 million bpd, EIA data showed.
U.S. crude exports surged 12 percent in 2016 to 520,000 barrels per day and China became the third-biggest overseas destination for U.S. crude last year, according to EIA data, up from ninth the previous year.
Still supporting prices was Tuesday's declaration of force majeure by Libya's National Oil Corp after production from the western Libyan fields of Sharara and Wafa was blocked by armed protesters, reducing output by some 250,000 bpd.
OPEC member Libya, whose oil sector suffered from the unrest that followed the toppling of Muammar Gaddafi in 2011, was excluded from output cuts agreed last year.
On Tuesday, Iranian Oil Minister Bijan Zanganeh said the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries and other major producers were likely to extend their six-month agreement to cut output beyond June.
A Reuters survey indicates output from all 13 OPEC members fell 230,000 bpd in March from February's revised level and indicated members subject to the deal achieved 95 percent compliance.
However, in the United States, shale oil drillers have seized the opportunity to ramp up output and exports.
"What OPEC has done has improved supply demand balance - there's no doubt about that," said Mark Watkins, regional investment manager at U.S. Bank Private Client Group.
"The one wild card in here is that if North American shale producers are the benefactor of OPEC cuts, it makes it much harder to swallow, where you have competitors benefiting at your cost - that's a big issue."
UBS oil analyst Giovanni Staunovo said in a note they expect Brent to exceed $60 over three months before levelling off in six months to $60 and then retreating to $57 a barrel in 12 months, spurred by rising U.S. shale production and higher OPEC output.
(Additional reporting by Scott DiSavino in New York, Ahmad Ghaddar in London, Henning Gloystein in Singapore; Editing by Marguerita Choy and David Gregorio)
TCU's David Patrick shares their prime Australia recruiting hook
TCU assistant basketball coach David Patrick played professional basketball in Australia and is godfather to NBA player Ben Simmons, an Aussie native. The relationship helps them recruit in that country, a prime recruiting area as TCU builds on last year's NIT title. Video by Jimmy Burch
GRAND CANYON NATIONAL PARK, Ariz. (AP) — Authorities are searching for a 14-year-old boy and a 62-year-old woman missing in Grand Canyon National Park after they were swept down a creek while crossing it in a remote part of the park.
Chief Ranger Matt Vandzura of the National Park Service says two fellow hikers alerted authorities by setting off an emergency GPS locator beacon in the backcountry area below the canyon's North Rim.
They say the two lost their footing and were swept away Saturday in Tapeats Creek, a tributary of the Colorado River.
Vandzura declined to identify the missing, the other hikers or their relationship to each other.
Advertisement
An investigation is underway but authorities have not concluded how the two were swept away.
A helicopter and a drone on Monday were assisting searchers on the ground.
Einstein's understanding of gravity, as outlined in their general theory of relativity, predicts that all objects fall at the same rate, regardless of their mass or composition. This theory has passed test after test here on Earth, but does it still hold true for some of the most massive and dense objects in the known universe, an aspect of nature known as the Strong Equivalence Principle? An international team of astronomers has given this lingering question its most stringent test ever. Their findings, published in the journal Nature, show that Einstein's insights into gravity still hold sway, even in one of the most extreme scenarios the Universe can offer.
Take away all air, and a hammer and a feather will fall at the same rate - a concept explored by Galileo in the late 1500s and famously illustrated on the Moon by Apollo 15 astronaut David Scott.
Though a bedrock of Newtonian physics, it took Einstein's theory of gravity to express how and why this is so. To date, Einstein's equations have passed all tests, from careful laboratory studies to observations of planets in our solar system. But alternatives to Einstein's general theory of relativity predict that compact objects with extremely strong gravity, like neutron stars, fall a little differently than objects of lesser mass. That difference, these alternate theories predict, would be due to a compact object's so-called gravitational binding energy -- the gravitational energy that holds it together.
In 2011, the National Science Foundation's (NSF) Green Bank Telescope (GBT) discovered a natural laboratory to test this theory in extreme conditions: a triple star system called PSR J0337+1715, located about 4,200 light-years from Earth. This system contains a neutron star in a 1.6-day orbit with a white dwarf star, and the pair in a 327-day orbit with another white dwarf further away.
"This is a unique star system," said Ryan Lynch of the Green Bank Observatory in West Virginia, and coauthor on the paper. "We don't know of any others quite like it. That makes it a one-of-a-kind laboratory for putting Einstein's theories to the test."
Since its discovery, the triple system has been observed regularly by the GBT, the Westerbork Synthesis Radio Telescope in the Netherlands, and the NSF's Arecibo Observatory in Puerto Rico. The GBT has spent more than 400 hours observing this system, taking data and calculating how each object moves in relation to the other.
How were these telescopes able to study this system? This particular neutron star is actually a pulsar. Many pulsars rotate with a consistency that rivals some of the most precise atomic clocks on Earth. "As one of the most sensitive radio telescopes in the world, the GBT is primed to pick up these faint pulses of radio waves to study extreme physics," Lynch said. The neutron star in this system pulses (rotates) 366 times per second.
"We can account for every single pulse of the neutron star since we began our observations," said Anne Archibald of the University of Amsterdam and the Netherlands Institute for Radio Astronomy and principal author on the paper. "We can tell its location to within a few hundred meters. That is a really precise track of where the neutron star has been and where it is going."
If alternatives to Einstein's picture of gravity were correct, then the neutron star and the inner white dwarf would each fall differently toward the outer white dwarf. "The inner white dwarf is not as massive or compact as the neutron star, and thus has less gravitational binding energy," said Scott Ransom, an astronomer with the National Radio Astronomy Observatory in Charlottesville, Virginia, and co-author on the paper.
Through meticulous observations and careful calculations, the team was able to test the system's gravity using the pulses of the neutron star alone. They found that any acceleration difference between the neutron star and inner white dwarf is too small to detect.
"If there is a difference, it is no more than three parts in a million," said coauthor Nina Gusinskaia of the University of Amsterdam. This places severe constraints on any alternative theories to general relativity.
This result is ten times more precise that the previous best test of gravity, making the evidence for Einstein's Strong Equivalence Principle that much stronger. "We're always looking for better measurements in new places, so our quest to learn about new frontiers in our Universe is going to continue," concluded Ransom.
###
The National Radio Astronomy Observatory is a facility of the National Science Foundation operated under a cooperative agreement by Associated Universities, Inc.
The Green Bank Observatory is a facility of the National Science Foundation operated under a cooperative agreement by Associated Universities, Inc.
LOS ANGELES — Justin Turner homered and drove in five runs, Clayton Kershaw won despite giving up four homers and the Los Angeles Dodgers roared to a 9-5 victory over the Arizona Diamondbacks on Friday night in their NL Division Series opener.
Turner hit a three-run homer and Yasiel Puig added an RBI double before the Dodgers made their first out against Arizona starter Taijuan Walker, who lasted just one inning in their playoff debut.
Turner added an RBI single in the fourth and another in the eighth. The red-bearded slugger tied a Dodgers record for most RBIs in a post-season game, sharing it with Pedro Guerrero and Davey Lopes.
A.J. Pollock, J.D. Martinez, Ketel Marte and Jeff Mathis homered off Kershaw, but Arizona's euphoria from its wild-card victory over Colorado was erased during a rough first inning in Chavez Ravine.
Game 2 is Saturday night, with Rich Hill facing Diamondbacks lefty Robbie Ray.
Puig and Corey Seager both tripled and drove in two runs for the 104-win Dodgers, who beat their NL West rivals comfortably even while Kershaw added another weird chapter to their unimpressive playoff history.
The three-time Cy Young Award winner gave up only four hits in 6 1/3 innings, but still became the first pitcher in team history to yield four homers in a post-season game. They earned a playoff victory at Dodger Stadium for the first time in their career.
Kershaw struck out seven, but the ace left-hander's frequent inability to match their regular-season brilliance in October remains a constant presence. They struggled with the long ball again after serving up a career-high 23 homers during the regular season, but still earned their fifth victory in 15 post-season starts thanks to teammates who gave them a big cushion.
After leading the majors in wins and earning their fifth consecutive NL West crown, the Dodgers got off to an impressive offensive start in the latest pursuit of their first World Series trip since their 1988 championship. Los Angeles' first five batters reached base, punctuated by Turner's shot and Puig's line-drive double scoring rookie Cody Bellinger.
Arizona ended a five-year playoff absence Wednesday with a rollicking 11-8 victory over Colorado. Manager Torey Lovullo described that wild-card game as "one of the most emotional days I've had in my career," but that tough game bit the Diamondbacks in Los Angeles when Walker needed 48 pitches to get out of the first inning.
With woodpeckers, the answer's in the question--true to their name, they peck wood. And when they do, they peck hard--with each peck, the bird undergoes a force of 1,200 to 1,400 g's. By comparison, a measly force of 60-100 g's can give a human a concussion. The fact that a woodpecker can undergo fourteen times that without getting hurt has led helmet makers model their designs around these birds' skulls. However, a new study in PLOS ONE complicates this story by showing that woodpecker brains contain build-ups of a protein associated with brain damage in humans.
"There have been all kinds of safety and technological advances in sports equipment based on the anatomic adaptations and biophysics of the woodpecker assuming they don't get brain injury from pecking. The weird thing is, nobody's ever looked at a woodpecker brain to see if there is any damage," says Peter Cummings of the Boston University School of Medicine, one of the new study's authors.
To find the answer to this question, researchers used bird brains from the collections of the Field Museum and the Harvard Museum of Natural History and examined them for accumulation of a specific protein, called tau.
"The basic cells of the brain are neurons, which are the cell bodies, and axons, which are like telephone lines that communicate between the neurons. The tau protein wraps around the telephone lines--it gives them protection and stability while still letting them remain flexible," explains lead author George Farah, who worked on the study as a graduate student at the Boston University School of Medicine.
In moderation, tau proteins can be helpful in stabilizing brain cells, but too much tau build-up can disrupt communication from one neuron to another. "When the brain is damaged, tau collects and disrupts nerve function--cognitive, emotional, and motor function can be compromised," says Cummings.
Since excessive tau can be a sign of brain damage in humans, Farah and their team decided to examine woodpecker brains for tau build-up. The Field Museum and Harvard loaned the researchers bird specimens pickled in alcohol--Downy Woodpeckers for the experimental data and non-head-injury-prone Red-winged Blackbirds as a control. The researchers then removed the birds' brains--"The brains themselves were well-preserved, they had a texture almost like modeling clay," says Farah--and took incredibly thin slices, less than a fifth the thickness of a sheet of paper. The slices of brain tissue were then stained with silver ions to highlight the tau proteins present.
The verdict: the woodpeckers' brains had far more tau protein accumulation than the blackbirds' brains. However, while excessive tau buildup can be a sign of brain damage in humans, the researchers note that this might not be the case for woodpeckers. "We can't say that these woodpeckers definitely sustained brain injuries, but there is extra tau present in the woodpecker brains, which previous research has discovered is indicative of brain injury," says Farah.
"The earliest woodpeckers date back 25 million years--these birds have been around for a long time," says Cummings. "If pecking was going to cause brain injury, why would you still see this behavior? Why would evolutionary adaptations stop at the brain? There's possibility that the tau in woodpeckers is a protective adaptation and maybe not pathological at all."
So, woodpeckers show signs of what looks like brain damage in humans, but it might not be a bad thing. Either way, the researchers believe that the study's results could help us humans. For example, the knowledge about woodpecker brains that could help make football equipment safer for kids, says Cummings. On the other hand, they note, "If the tau accumulation is a protective adaptation, is there something we can pick out to help humans with neurodegenerative diseases? The door's wide open to find out what's going on and how we can apply this to humans."
Farah notes that the study relied heavily upon the museum collections that the bird brains came from. "Museums are gateways to the past and a source of new innovation," they say. "The role of museums in this project was immense--we couldn't have done our study with just one woodpecker."
Ben Marks, the Field Museum's Collections Manager of Birds, said of the researchers' request to use the Museum's bird brains, "With one of the world's best bird collections, we're always trying to let people know what we have, why we have it, and what it can be used for. We get over a hundred requests for specimen loans every year--this one stood out because it was a novel approach that had real world applications. Some of the specimens used in this study were collected in the 1960s. Our staff cared for them for over 50 years before until they were requested for this study and used in a way the original collector couldn't even envision."
###
ALBUQUERQUE, N.M. -- Last week, researchers at Sandia National Laboratories flew a tethered balloon and an unmanned aerial system, colloquially known as a drone, together for the first time to get Arctic atmospheric temperatures with better location control than ever before. In addition to providing more precise data for weather and climate models, being able to effectively operate UASs in the Arctic is important for national security.
"Operating UASs in the remote, harsh environments of the Arctic will provide opportunities to harden the technologies in ways that are directly transferable to the needs of national security in terms of robustness and reliability," said Jon Salton, a Sandia robotics manager. "Ultimately, integrating the specialized operational and sensing needs required for Arctic research will transfer to a variety of national security needs."
Information on temperature of the atmosphere is critical for predicting the weather, monitoring severe weather and improving climate models. Unlike tethered balloons or weather balloons, UASs don't require helium, a nonrenewable resource, and can take off with less preparation. Thus, they can be launched from more remote locations. Most airports already collect atmospheric temperature profiles twice a day but switching to UASs with distributed temperature sensors would be better because they would be reusable and could fly more frequently, said Sandia atmospheric scientist Dari Dexheimer.
Balloons can fly for hours, UAS can fly to precise locations
Since 2015, Dexheimer has regularly flown tethered balloons out of Sandia's dedicated Arctic airspace on Oliktok Point, the northernmost point of Alaska's Prudhoe Bay. These 13-foot-tall balloons carry distributed temperature sensors to collect Arctic atmospheric temperature profiles, or the temperature of the air at different heights above the ground, among other atmospheric sensors. The test earlier this month was the first time Sandia has flown an octocopter in the sky above Oliktok Point.
"The UAS and the balloon really complement each other in that the UAS has a smaller flight time, but it's much more spatially diverse. The tethered balloon can stay up for a long time, giving you a lot of data, but it's not easily mobile," said Dexheimer. The balloon is blown by the wind, to the limits of the tether, but the UAS can be directed to precise GPS coordinates.
Earlier this summer, Dexheimer and the UAS flight team, led by Diane Callow, tested the joint UAS-balloon setup at Sandia. They overcame a series of technical challenges including figuring out how to best secure and reel out the four-football-field long distributed temperature sensor cable while making sure it doesn't get tangled in the UAS's rotors.
They also worked out the logistics of operating the balloon and the system at the same time. To avoid bumping into each other or tangling the cables, the balloon was tethered downwind and the UAS stayed at least 100 feet away from it.
Cool sensors for cool science
The distributed temperature sensor is an angel hair pasta-thick fiber-optic cable. By seeing how light bends in the cable, Dexheimer can calculate the temperature of that part of the cloud. This measurement has a resolution of 1 meter, and they send a light pulse every 30 seconds. This gives Dexheimer and climate modelers an unprecedented level of detail on the temperature of the atmosphere.
In addition to the temperature sensor, the tethered balloon carries special supercooled liquid water sensors. Supercooled liquid water is pure water that remains a liquid below its freezing point because it has nothing to crystalize upon. It is important because clouds containing a lot of supercooled liquid water behave differently from normal clouds, sticking around for days and even acting like a blanket to warm the surface below. Better understanding of these kinds of mixed-phase clouds is important for more accurate climate models.
The sensors are vibrating wires upon which supercooled liquid water can freeze. As the ice builds up, the vibration slows, and this tells researchers how much supercooled liquid water is present in that part of the cloud. For the project's next steps, the team hopes to add these supercooled liquid water sensors to a fixed-wing UAS and fly the UAS into the clouds. They hope to see how much the UAS ices up, determine how to mitigate the effects of icing and eventually collect useful data on cloud conditions with more spatial control than the balloon could get.
Both the cloud temperature and supercooled liquid water content can be compared between the UAS and the balloon as well as with data from ground-based Atmospheric Radiation Measurement sensors also at Oliktok Point. Sandia manages the ARM North Slope of Alaska site as part of the ARM Climate Research Facility, a national scientific user facility funded through the Department of Energy's Office of Science.
"Our ability to run UASs as well as tethered balloon operations in the Arctic, and our ability to combine those measurements and computer modeling in innovative ways, allows us to really put the Oliktok facility to use for the national security and science communities," said Lori Parrott, manager of atmospheric sciences at Sandia.
Sandia is not the only institution using Oliktok Point to test UASs in extreme Arctic conditions; other institutions also fly UAS systems at Oliktok. For example, the University of Alaska Fairbanks' Alaska Center for Unmanned Aircraft Systems Integration flew its UASs at Oliktok Point this summer through a Cooperative Research and Development Agreement with Sandia. They have a testing facility at Toolik Lake about 130 miles south, but access to the restricted airspace Sandia manages over the Beaufort Sea at Oliktok is invaluable, said Parrott.
Discussions are underway with other potential users across multiple federal agencies. Parrott said, "The 700-mile-long restricted airspace that Sandia manages for DOE has strategic importance because it can allow scientists to conduct experiments and exercises over Arctic waters without risk to human-piloted aircraft. Flights for search-and-rescue exercises, data collection on ice or atmospheric conditions, or testing technology, would otherwise be very difficult to conduct."
The project combining UASs and tethered balloons was supported by Sandia internal funding.
###
Good evening, welcome to Whaleoil Backchat.
You don't have to stay “on topic” in these posts like you do in all others. Feel free to share your own stories, discuss other news or catch up with friends. If you haven't tried it before, signing up for a Disqus account is free, quick, and it is easy.
New commenters should familiarise themselves with our Commenting and Moderation rules. Thank you.
>> Trouble commenting on Whaleoil? Read this first. You can receive free help. Do not email via the Contact Page.
Movie mogul Harvey Weinstein is on indefinite leave from the company they co-founded while an internal investigation into numerous sexual harassment allegations against them is completed, The Weinstein Co.'s board of directors announced Friday.
"We strongly endorse Harvey Weinstein's already announced decision to take an indefinite leave of absence from the Company, commencing today," the board said in a statement. "As Harvey has said, it is important for them to get the professional help for the problems they have acknowledged. Next steps will depend on Harvey's therapeutic process, the outcome of the board's independent investigation and Harvey's own personal decisions."
The announcement came a day after The New York Times reported that the co-chairperson of the Weinstein Co. has over the years reached at least eight legal settlements with women over alleged harassment.
Attorney John Kiernan of the firm Debevoise & Plimpton LLP was named the head of the investigation. The Weinstein Co. board did not give a time frame for when the investigation would be completed.
"We believe it is important to learn the full truth regarding the article's very serious accusations, in the interests of the Company, its shareholders and its employees," the company said. The statement was signed by four board members: co-chairperson Bob Weinstein, who is Harvey Weinstein's brother, Tarak Ben Ammar, Lance Maerov and Richard Koenigsberg.
The statement was not signed by several business people who were part of The Weinstein Co. board before the story broke. They did not return messages seeking comment Friday.
Board member Dirk Ziff, a billionaire investor, resigned Thursday.
Representatives did not immediately respond to questions about Weinstein's status with the film company. A person familiar with the board's deliberations but unauthorized to speak publicly told The Associated Press earlier Friday that Weinstein would be suspended from the company. But Friday's statement only said it "strongly endorsed" Weinstein's decision to take the indefinite leave of absence.
Weinstein's attorneys also did not respond to emails seeking comment Friday.
Weinstein has had a powerful perch in Hollywood for three decades, producing films like "Pulp Fiction" and "Shakespeare in Love," for which they won an Oscar. But their stature has diminished in recent years and their company has suffered from a string of executive exits, layoffs mounting lawsuits and delayed releases.
The New York Times expose chronicled allegations against Weinstein from actor Ashley Judd and former employees at both the Weinstein Co. and Weinstein's former company, Miramax, over the course of several decades. The report made an enormous impact felt throughout the movie industry and elsewhere.
"This abuse of power must be called out, however powerful the abuser, and we must publicly stand with those brave enough to come forward," wrote actor America Ferrera on Twitter. Many others, including Lena Dunham and Brie Larson also added their voices to the uproar.
The board of directors has pressured Weinstein to step down from the company they helped create, said a person familiar with the board's deliberations who was not authorized to speak publicly. Weinstein has resisted, hoping to weather the storm. Discussions between Weinstein and the board have been heated and contentious, the person said.
Leadership of The Weinstein Co. will be assumed by Bob Weinstein and David Glasser, the company's chief operating officer.
Weinstein on Thursday issued a lengthy statement that acknowledged causing "a lot of pain." They also asked for "a second chance." But Weinstein and their lawyers, including Charles J. Harder, have criticized the New York Times' report in statements and interviews, though neither has referenced anything specific.
"We are confident in the accuracy of our reporting," said a New York Times spokesperson in a statement. "Mr. Weinstein was aware and able to respond to specific allegations in our story before publication. In fact, we published their response in full."
In an interview with The Associated Press on Friday, Weinstein attorney Lisa Bloom both defended Weinstein and acknowledged he'd been "stupid." They saluted the women who have come forward to allege wrongdoing but said many allegations were overblown and consisted of Weinstein telling a woman they "looked cute without my glasses."
Congressional Democrats, including Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer and Massachusetts Senator Elizabeth Warren, on Friday began giving charities thousands of dollars in donations they had received from the disgraced Hollywood titan.
Weinstein and their family have given more than $1.4 million in political contributions since the 1992 election cycle, nearly all of it to Democratic lawmakers, candidates and their allies, according to the nonpartisan Center for Responsive Politics.
The biggest beneficiary of funds from Weinstein and their family was the Democratic National Committee, which received about $800,000 in several of its accounts, according to the center. Democratic National Committee spokesperson Xochitl Hinojosa said the party plans to give more than $30,000 to Emily's List, Emerge America and Higher Heights.
Rutgers University says it will not return a $100,000 donation from movie mogul Harvey Weinstein for a position named after women's rights advocate Gloria Steinem.
The university said Friday that Weinstein's donation was one of more than 425 that has been used to Gloria Steinem Chair in Media, Culture, and Feminist Studies at the school.
The school says it can think of "no better use" of the donation than to apply it to the position and its work.
ED WHITE, Associated Press
DETROIT (AP) — The women's gymnastics coach at Michigan State University suddenly announced their retirement Tuesday, a day after they were suspended for what their boss described as their “passionate defense” of a sports doctor accused of sexually abusing female athletes for years.
Kathie Klages has also been mentioned in lawsuits by two women who claim they brushed off complaints of abuse by Dr. Larry Nassar in the late 1990s.
Klages is “extremely distressed” by the allegations and would never do anything to put athletes in “harm's way,” their attorney, Shirlee Bobryk, said in a statement.
“Out of respect to the university and the gymnastics program in particular, Ms. Klages believes it is in everyone's best interests for them to retire from their current position at MSU,” Bobryk said.
It's one of the biggest developments on campus since Nassar was fired by Michigan State in September and more than two dozen women and girls filed lawsuits against him. In two separate criminal cases, he's charged with sexually abusing a girl at their Lansing-area home and possessing child pornography.
Nassar has pleaded not guilty and denied the assault allegations by female athletes in Michigan and elsewhere. They were also a longtime doctor with Indianapolis-based USA Gymnastics, which trains Olympians.
Klages' suspension after 27 years as gymnastics coach was announced Monday without any elaboration from Michigan State. But the school shed more light Tuesday in a letter written by athletic director Mark Hollis, who acknowledged their retirement.
Hollis explained to Klages that they were suspended because of what they had learned about their Sept. 12 meeting with their gymnasts.
“You shared with the team your highly emotional sense of shock regarding the allegations against Dr. Nassar. That resulted in several student-athletes leaving the meeting feeling that they had received mixed messages,” Hollis wrote.
“Others felt confused about who they could or should speak with about the situation. While I acknowledge you provided student-athletes with information about reporting to the Office of Institutional Equity, your passionate defense of Dr. Nassar created an emotionally charged environment for the team,” Hollis said.
A message seeking comment about Hollis' letter wasn't immediately returned by Klages' attorney.
Earlier, Bobryk said Klages will cooperate fully in any police investigation of Nassar or lawsuits against him.
“Dr. Nassar was trusted by Ms. Klages to competently and ethically treat their team members. Had they ever received any information to cast doubt on the appropriateness of that trust in Dr. Nassar, they would have reacted immediately to protect their gymnasts,” Bobryk said.
___
Follow Ed White at http://www.twitter.com/edwhiteap
(Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
MOSCOW: The Kremlin on Wednesday denied as “falsehoods and fabrications” a New York Times report that there were repeated contacts between Donald Trump's 2016 presidential campaign team and senior Russian officials.
“Don't believe newspaper reports, it's very difficult at the moment to differentiate them from falsehoods and fabrications,” Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov told a press conference.
Stressing that the sources quoted by the Times were anonymous, Peskov said “the time has perhaps come for someone to speak out openly about all of this.”
“If you don't mind let's wait and let's not believe anonymous information, which is information based on no fact.”
Citing “four current and former American officials,” the Times report said that intercepted phone calls and phone records showed the repeated contacts with Moscow's intelligence community.
The nature of the purported calls was not disclosed.
In January, US intelligence officials said in a report that Russia intervened in the US electoral process at least in part to help Trump win. They have spoken often about the need for a closer relationship between the United States and Russia.
Index Markets Research provides statistical analysis on Global Porcelain Glaze Coating Market provides a basic overview of the industry including its definition, applications and manufacturing technology. The report covers business strategists like major drivers, dynamics, share, segmentation, revenue forecasts, effective growth for the key players and facilitate better decision-making. The report offers the estimations of size of the market and analysis of the trend based on the pipeline of the Porcelain Glaze Coating market. The Key Players mentioned in the report are Akzo Nobel, BASF, PPG, Nippon Paint Holdings, Jotun, Sherwin-Williams, Sherwin-Williams, Maydos. This report provides a competitive scenario, with a purpose of enlightening new entrants about the possibilities in this Porcelain Glaze Coating Market.
Get a Sample Copy @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-porcelain-glaze-coating-market/10367/#requestforsample
The report offers a crucial opinion relating to the global Porcelain Glaze Coating market by discussing of its segmentation Commercial, Government, Personal. The sectors have been reviewed in terms of present as well as future trends. The analysis of geographical segmentation incorporates the estimated and present requirements from these regions. The study also offers the need associated to the different end-use sectors and separate goods in all of the geographical sectors of the market. The report also analyses the Porcelain Glaze Coating market in terms of volume [k MT] and revenue [Million USD].
The Porcelain Glaze Coating Market report gives detailed overview of terms and terminologies, applications, and classifications that are used in the context of market. It provides insights into the manufacturing cost structure and calculated as an aggregate of raw material costs, equipment costs, labor costs, and other costs. In terms of a technical consideration, the report discusses the production capacity of major manufacturers of Porcelain Glaze Coating. This is estimated on circumstances such as the number of production plants, R&D status, raw material sources, and technology used by these manufacturers in 2018.
This report is segmented into several key Regions such as North America, China, Europe, Southeast Asia, Japan & India, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), and market share and growth rate of Porcelain Glaze Coating in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast).
On the basis of Product Type, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into : Solvent-based Resin Coating, Water Soluble Resin Coating.
On the basis on the end users/applications, Market report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, sales volume, market share and growth rate for each application, including : Residential, Commercial Use.
Key Highlights Of The Porcelain Glaze Coating Market Report:
1) A complete framework analysis, including an assessment of the parent market.
2) The study of emerging market segments and the existing market segments will help the readers in planning the business strategies.
3) Market Dynamics(Industry News, Development Challenges & Opportunities).
4) A Clear understanding of the market supported growth, constraints, opportunities, practicableness study.
5) Historical, present, and prospective size of the market from the perspective of both value and volume.
6) Market shares and strategies of leading players.
7) Recommendations to companies to substantiate their foothold in the market.
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-porcelain-glaze-coating-market/10367/#inquiry
In the end, the report includes Porcelain Glaze Coating new project SWOT analysis, investment practicalness analysis, investment come analysis, and Development Trend Analysis. The key rising opportunities of the fastest growing international Porcelain Glaze Coating market segments are coated throughout this report. This report additionally presents product specification, producing method, and products cost structure. Production is separated by regions, technology and applications. The Porcelain Glaze Coating industry data source, appendix, research findings and the conclusion.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id : sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
LONDON, Ont. — Police in London, Ont., say a suspect has been arrested and charged in connection with the death of a 27-year-old man last Saturday.
Police were called to the scene of an "altercation" at about 2:30 a.m. and found Dereck Szaflarski suffering serious injuries. They were pronounced dead in hospital.
The suspect fled the scene in a white vehicle, which was later recovered north of the city and returned to London for examination.
A second-degree murder warrant was subsequently issued for 35-year-old Robert Ashley Williams of London.
By The Associated Press
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Latest on probes into possible contacts between Trump campaign associates and Russia (all times local):
8:35 p.m.
The Washington Post is reporting that Special Counsel Robert Mueller's investigation into Russian meddling in the 2016 presidential election is now examining whether President Donald Trump tried to obstruct justice.
Accusations of obstruction arose when last month when Trump fired FBI Director James Comey. Comey testified in a Senate hearing last week that they believed they were fired “because of the Russia investigation.”
Comey also testified they had told Trump they were not under investigation.
The Post report Wednesday cites anonymous sources who were briefed on requests made by investigators.
Mark Corallo, a spokesperson for Trump's personal lawyer, responded Wednesday evening to the Post report by saying, “The FBI leak of information regarding the president is outrageous, inexcusable and illegal.”
___
4:15 p.m.
The special counsel appointed to investigate Russian influence in the 2016 presidential campaign has met with a Senate committee probing the same matter.
The leaders of the Senate intelligence committee say In a statement issued Wednesday that they “look forward to future engagements” with Robert Mueller.
North Carolina Republican Richard Burr and Virginia Democrat Mark Warner aren't providing any other details regarding the meeting.
It comes a day after lawmakers questioned Justice Department officials about the probe and Mueller's independence.
Those questions were prompted after a friend of President Donald Trump said the White House was considering firing Mueller.
But Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, who appointed Mueller last month, testified Tuesday they have seen no evidence of good cause to fire Mueller.
3:16 Mac Attack says Romo looked good but Dak earned this Pause
5:08 Charean and Chill break down the Cowboys big win over the Buccaneers
2:51 DACA holder voices their fears with a Trump administration
1:12 Man's best friend also becomes man's best colleague
1:32 Dallas Police warn against celebrating with gunfire
0:26 TRE train kills woman who fell onto tracks
1:20 Cases of carbon monoxide poisoning rise when temperatures drop
1:08 Man opens fire at DC pizzeria over fake news story
1:24 Tony Romo says they showed they can be the same guy
File photo of Emmanuel Macron: AFP
Emmanuel Macron, the 39-year-old former investment banker who was catapulted to the French presidency in May, faces widespread disillusionment as they prepare to mark their first 100 days in office.
The man shown walking on water on the cover of The Economist magazine after their startling rise has seen their approval ratings nosedive, with only 36 percent of respondents giving them the thumbs up in one recent poll.
The French are "falling out of love" with Macron, the right-leaning daily Le Figaro headlined on Sunday.
No French president has seen such a steep drop in popularity so early in their rule since Jacques Chirac in 1995.
Macron, who shot to power on May 7th promising to overcome France's entrenched right-left divide, has since come under fire for their labour reform programme, budget and public spending cuts as well as a plan to create an official First Lady position for their 64-year-old wife Brigitte.
Macron with wife Brigitte. Photo: AFP
France's youngest ever president is especially out of favour with civil servants after vowing to put a brake on their salary increases.
Macron "must come down to earth and assume the political cost of their decisions," leading pollster Jerome Fourquet told AFP.
Proposed defence cuts - part of a plan to trim 4.5 billion euros ($5.3 billion) to bring France's budget deficit within EU limits - led to a public row last month with the head of the French armed forces, General Pierre de Villiers.
'Honeymoon is over'
Macron rebuked them for questioning the wisdom of cuts at a time the army was in action in the Middle East and west Africa as well as at home. De Villiers resigned a few days later.
"The honeymoon is over between Emmanuel Macron and the French," wrote editorialist Laurent Bodin in the wake of the spat.
The stars aligned for Macron to sweep to power on a promise of change less than a year after they quit the deeply unpopular Socialist government of Francois Hollande, dogged by a sluggish economy and stubborn unemployment.
File photo: AFP
On the right, a fake jobs scandal torpedoed the presidential hopes of early conservative front-runner Francois Fillon, leaving the centrist Macron to square off against far-right leader Marine Le Pen.
Their victory over the populist Le Pen was deceptive, as it came with a record low turnout and followed a first round in which only one in four voters picked Macron.
In June, Macron's Republic on the Move party and its centrist ally MoDem won a comfortable majority in parliament - but after garnering less than half the vote, also on a historically low turnout.
Holding their own
Macron has fared better on the diplomacy front, proving themselves a match for US President Donald Trump in the handshake department and holding their own with Russia's Vladimir Putin.
And amid anguish over Brexit, Macron's committed pro-EU stance has roused hopes of a revival of the Franco-German axis that forged European integration and created the world's biggest trade bloc.
Macron has fulfilled a key campaign promise, winning passage of legislation to clean up politics following a series of scandals, and tough new anti-terror measures are in the pipeline.
But prominent right-wing politician Eric Woerth scoffed that "nothing difficult has been done yet".
Photo: AFP
Government spokesperson Christophe Castaner has sought to deflect criticism of their boss ahead of Tuesday, which will mark 100 days since the election. The president has "laid the foundation of a deep transformation of our country," Castaner said in a Facebook post on Sunday.
The young president will come back from summer holidays to face protests against their labour reforms, with unions calling for strikes and marches while the radical left France Unbowed party plans a "people's rally".
Parliament this month adopted a bill allowing the government to fast-track changes to the labour code to give employers more power to negotiate directly with their employees.
Brigitte a bright spot
One bright spot for Macron is the overwhelming popularity enjoyed by their wife Brigitte, who has taken to their role with aplomb, shrugging off chatter about the 25-year age gap with their husband.
Photo: AFP
Always poised and smiling, often sporting above-the-knee Louis Vuitton dresses, the svelte blonde who was once Macron's drama coach will "play a very active role alongside their husband, who will benefit from their incredible popularity," wrote the Paris daily Le Parisien.
Women have been lining up outside stores of Swedish clothing giant H&M in the French capital to buy T-shirts emblazoned with their name, it reported.
By Gina Doggett
John H. Groth, 69 of Fostoria, Ohio, died Friday, December 8, 2017 at their home.
They were born October 12, 1948 in Bucyrus, Ohio, to Paul and Marjorie (Chapman) Groth.
 They are survived by their son, John Groth of Fostoria; daughter, Katie (Jeff) Manning of FL; brother, Paul James (Diane) Groth of Findlay; sister, Mary Susan Groth of Upper Sandusky; and grandchildren, Riley Kate and Teagan Rose Manning.
John is preceded in death by their parents; and brother, Joseph Groth.
They retired in 2009 as a machinist at Atlas Crankshaft in Fostoria. They were a member of the John Stewart United Methodist Church, Upper Sandusky, was a 1966 graduate of Upper Sandusky High School and, in 1971, earned a Bachelor's degree in Arts & Political Science from the Ohio State University.
Funeral services will be Thursday, December 14, 2017 at 10:30 a.m. at the Harrold-Floriana Funeral Home, Fostoria, Ohio.
Visitation will be Wednesday, December 13, 2017 from 6-8 p.m. at the funeral home.
Burial will take place at Arcadia Cemetery, Arcadia, Ohio.
Memorials can be made to the Fostoria Athletic Boosters.
Online condolences may be sent to the family at www.hffh.net.
Comments
comments
NEW YORK — Could Victoria Beckham be the next Tom Ford for The Estée Lauder Cos. Inc.?
Beckham, in town last week to show the resort lineup from their namesake ready-to-wear label, also unveiled the “second season” of Victoria Beckham Estée Lauder, their collaboration with the beauty group's flagship brand. Just nine months after the release of the original limited-edition capsule collection, Lauder said it's made a sizable investment in the range, which is about to undergo significant expansion.
Jorge Martin broke away from a fierce pack of riders to claim victory in Sunday's Moto3 Grand Prix of the Americas. The Spaniard proved too strong for Enea Bastianini, taking the championship lead in the process, with a frenetic fight for the final rostrum position going down to the very last corner.
The early stages of the race provided the platform for some unlikely names to challenge for the lead with Sky VR46 rookie Dennis Foggia hitting the front on lap three. Unfortunately for the Italian, their fortunes would take a nose dive later in proceedings as they fell all the way out of the points as the pre-race favourites took over.
Martin grabbed the lead decisively with six laps to go, outbraking Marco Bezzecchi and Fabio Di Giannantonio into turn twelve, and the Spaniard's relentless pace eventually stretched the leading group out. Bastianini responded quickly, moving straight through into second, but the crucial slipstream had been lost and Martin wouldn't be brought back.
In the battle for third, Di Giannantonio looked to have taken control with a late-braking move on Bezzecchi at the start of the last lap but the no.21 was swallowed up by Philipp Oettl on the back straight towards turn twelve. Their squabbling allowed Bezzecchi to ghost through and despite a desperate last-corner lunge from Fabio, the Argentine winner would claim their second consecutive rostrum.
Andrea Migno took advantage of Di Giannantonio's late desperation to steal fourth with Oettl relegated to sixth in the end. Jakub Kornfeil stormed through from 21st on the grid to seventh, beating pre-race championship leader Aron Canet in the process, while Tatsuki Suzuki and Livio Loi rounded out the top ten.
Moto3 Red Bull Grand Prix of the Americas: (Result)
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
PITTSTON TOWNSHIP -- A crash tied up traffic Wednesday in Luzerne County.
Authorities say a pickup rear-ended a construction vehicle on Interstate 81 south near the Pittston exit just after 11:00 p.m. on Wednesday.
The driver of the pickup was taken to the hospital to be checked out. The other driver wasn't hurt.
The crash happened right after the road splits.
The right lane was closed while crews cleaned up the crash in Luzerne County.
* FMC jumps on asset deal with DuPont
* Utilities lead S&P sectors
* Dow down 0.16 pct, S&P down 0.01 pct, Nasdaq up 0.06 pct (Adds details, comments, updates prices)
By Yashaswini Swamynathan
March 31 U.S. stocks were little changed on Friday, with the S&P 500 and the Dow Jones Industrial Average firmly on course to book their biggest first-quarter gains in four years.
Wall Street has hit a series of record highs following the election of President Donald Trump on bets that they would introduce tax cuts and boost infrastructure spending. The rally has also benefited from a raft of robust economic data.
The S&P is on track to gain 5.7 percent and the Dow 4.7 percent for the quarter ending Friday, their biggest first-quarter gains since 2013.
However, investors appeared to be a little cautious heading into the new quarter amid lofty valuations and doubts about Trump's ability to deliver on their ambitious agenda.
"We're really only about 1 percent below the record high again, so valuations are starting to creep higher," said Randy Frederick, vice president of trading and derivatives at Charles Schwab & Co Inc.
"If earnings reports come in as expected, then they will catch up with the valuations, if they don't then I think the market will start to pull back."
First-quarter earnings for S&P 500 companies are expected to rise 10.1 percent, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. The index is trading at about 18 times earnings estimates for the next 12 months against its long-term average of 15.
Utilities and real estate - defensive plays of the S&P 500 - outperformed the other major sectors.
At 10:55 a.m. ET (1455 GMT), the Dow Jones Industrial Average was down 33.91 points, or 0.16 percent, at 20,694.58, the S&P 500 was down 0.23 points, or 0.01 percent, at 2,367.83 and the Nasdaq Composite was up 3.28 points, or 0.06 percent, at 5,917.63.
Shares of FMC Corp were the biggest gainers on the S&P, up 14.7 percent after the company agreed to buy DuPont's crop protection business and sell its health and nutrition unit to DuPont. DuPont's shares were down 0.6 percent
Amazon.com was the top stock on the S&P and the Nasdaq, with a 0.5 percent gain.
U.S.-listed shares of Blackberry were up 13.8 percent at $7.91 after the company reported fourth-quarter profit above expectations and said it expected to be profitable on an adjusted basis in 2018.
Advancing issues outnumbered decliners on the NYSE by 1,556 to 1,168. On the Nasdaq, 1,328 issues rose and 1,253 fell.
The S&P 500 index showed eight 52-week highs and one low, while the Nasdaq recorded 56 highs and 10 lows. (Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Anil D'Silva)
An insurance company boss accused of misleading and ripping off Aboriginal families by signing them up to expensive funeral plans had no training or qualifications to do the job, the banking royal commission has heard.
Aboriginal Community Benefit Fund CEO Bryn Jones was representing the 25-year-old firm at the inquiry in Darwin on Wednesday when they revealed he'd been hired last year by its Vanuatu-based founder and major shareholder, Ron Pattenden.
The company has nearly 13,500 Aboriginal clients with funeral insurance plans and is accused of falsely presenting itself as indigenous-owned and exploiting the cultural importance of funerals.
Under questioning from counsel assisting the commission Rowena Orr QC, they admitted they had not previously worked in the industry and has no qualifications.
"It was under the premise that I was to try and modernise and bring the appropriate people in that did have the relevant experience and knowledge and know-how to take the company forward," they said.
"I was teaching children sport and also working within the IT sector."
Customers on Centrelink payment who believe they are contributing to a savings plan and can still access the money have paid ACBF premiums well in excess of any benefit they will receive.
Tracey Walsh, who broke down in tears while testifying, shelled out more than $10,000 over a decade after signing up aged 40 but was only entitled to a maximum benefit of $8000. ACBF refused to lift the amount due to their history of depression.
The inquiry heard 600 other customers had paid more than their benefit and the company's average policy value was well below the industry average.
Mr Jones also had to explain why ACBF had long denied funeral cover for suicides when more than half its customers were children or under 25s and Aboriginal youth suicide rates were the highest in the world.
Also on Wednesday, the royal commission heard a recording of a Let's Insure salesperson pushing funeral and life cover on Aboriginal woman Kathy Marika.
Ms Marika is heard to say they didn't need it because they already had funeral insurance with their employer, the Bangarra Dance Theatre. Yet they were persuaded to sign up along with their three children anyway.
"Yeah, brilliant ... now the reason why people take one out with us as well as the one that they have at work is because we're priced up to 50 per cent less and, as can you imagine, you don't really want to be spending too much, do you," the salesperson responds.
Ms Marika later took legal action and was refunded $1,890.34.
"I told them I didn't want it, I told them I already had one but they seemed to be really pushy for me to say yes," they told the hearing.
Let's Insure CEO Russell Howden was forced to admit the salesperson had followed a training manual script.
Southern California eviction cases account for more than 60 percent of all eviction court filings in the state, a new study released Wednesday, May 30 shows.
Landlords filed 306,537 eviction cases from 2014 through 2016 in Los Angeles, Orange, Riverside, San Bernardino and San Diego counties, according to a report by the San Francisco-based tenants rights group Tenants Together.
That's 61 percent of the 499,010 cases filed over a three-year period statewide, the figures show. Tenants Together obtained previously unreleased statewide data on eviction filings from the state Judicial Council, which aggregates data from county courthouses statewide.
Southern California had an average annual eviction rate of 3.1 filings for every 100 renter households, the data show. Statewide, the average annual eviction rate was 2.8 filings per 100 renter households.
Both rates are low when compared with other parts of the country.
North Charleston, S.C., had 35.6 eviction filings per 100 renter households in 2016, the highest eviction filing rate in an Eviction Lab study led by Princeton sociologist Mathew Desmond, the New York Times reported in April. Richmond, Va., ranked second in Desmond's survey with 30.9 filings per 100 renter households.
Eviction Lab data show 93 out of 100 large U.S. cities had higher eviction rates than Southern California.
As with a 2017 Southern California News Group report on evictions, the Tenants Union figures show evictions are trending downward as the economy improves.
Eviction filings in the region decreased to 96,845 in 2016, down from 103,026 in 2015 and 106,666 in 2014, the Tenants Union numbers show. The same trend occurred in all five Southern California counties and in the state as a whole.
The Southern California News Group's report found eviction filings in Los Angeles, Orange, Riverside and San Bernardino counties fell 30 percent from 2008 through 2015, according to data from Redfin. Sheriff's departments in the four counties confirmed that downward trend, reporting a 29 percent drop in evictions from 2012 through 2016, SCNG reported.
Still, the Tenants Union concluded there's an “eviction epidemic,” saying “a growing crisis of evictions and rising rents” has galvanized grassroots organizing for rent control and “just cause” eviction protections.
“Tenants live in fear of eviction in retaliation for repair requests or organizing with their neighbors against rent hikes and displacement,” the report said.
Related: What is ‘just cause eviction' and how does it work in rent control cities?
The report added that the court filing data represent just the tip of the iceberg since many tenants are forced to move without going to court.
“Most evictions do not go through the court process since landlords give eviction notices prior to the filing of unlawful detainer eviction lawsuits,” a Tenants Union press release states. “For every tenant facing a court-filed eviction, there are others displaced from their homes who do not show up in court filing data.”
As brands work to reduce lead times throughout the supply chain based on the demands of a consumer-centric market, companies such as Backbone PLM, a solution firm based in Boulder, Colo., is enabling them to take greater control over the product development process — from conception to completion.
Backbone's operating system allows users to manage the “chaotic” process of creating products through its integrated solution, which shortens time to market and can ultimately boost product quality, the company said. Through its cloud-based customizable “tech packs” that streamline communication and collaboration for product development needs, Backbone files the gamut of artwork, project data, revisions, costing and updates into a single solution that can be edited through any device. Its platform solves the common conundrum of "version control" by proficiently recording revision history in lieu of siloed spreadsheets.
Premier Hon. Alden McLaughlin said the number one challenge facing the country's financial services industry is protecting its existing business. In the wake of a new report from a tax advocacy group naming Cayman the world's 3rd most secretive jurisdiction, they and other government leaders are going on the offensive.
“We continue to be wrongly attacked by NGO's such as the tax justice network,” said Mr.McLaughlin Thursday (1 February) at the 2018 Fidelity CEO conference at the Kimpton Seafire Resort.
The Premier hit back at the tax advocacy group's recently published ‘Financial Secrecy Index'. In it, Cayman ranks 3rd in secrecy behind Switzerland and the United States.
“Yet China is ranked 28 and Russia 29th,” quipped Mr. McLaughlin to a room full of laughter. “Really? Go figure. Surely no report with these rankings can be credible.”
The Premier was hardly alone in their criticism of the report. Financial Services Minister Hon.Tara Rivers pointed out issues with the report's methodology.
“The fact that they use their own definition of secrecy, which is by their own admission not in keeping with what is considered international standards or global standards in itself, leads to the lack of credibility that should be attributed to this particular report,” said Ms. Rivers.
“For many years the Cayman Islands has had to contend with the Hollywood image of the jurisdiction of numbered bank accounts and bank secrecy,” said Mr. McLaughlin.
Mr. Mclaughlin said this image makes Cayman an easy scapegoat for some, despite the jurisdiction's 30-plus tax treaties, as well as its participation in the UK and US FATCA among other automatic tax information exchanges.
“A lot of it may just be based on false information and misconception as to what the true and real situation is,” said Finance Minister Hon. Roy McTaggart. “Engage with them, give them all the information that they need to promote and to show our side of the story rather than simply just sitting back and letting our detractors effectively mold what Cayman and other offshore centers are.”
The Tax Justice Network website says it does not use so-called ‘accepted international standards' as benchmarks, as it says it sets a higher bar. To all countries upset about their inclusion in its rankings: it says tough luck.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Print
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
SAN DIEGO -- Five San Diego State football players came down with the chickenpox just ahead of the start of their season.
Initial reports stated that three football players had come down with the illness. Around 6 p.m., SDSU spokesperson Gina Jacobs issued a statement that two additional players contracted chickenpox.
"We've now identified two additional confirmed cases of chicken pox bringing the total number to chicken pox cases to five. We are in communication with County Public Health Services and will be working with them as needed going forward. The cases are still contained to just the football team and not the general student population (classes begin on Aug. 28). Athletics and Student Health Services are monitoring and evaluating student-athletes already on campus to identify if there are any additional cases and what additional prevention measures need to be taken to minimize further spread of the infection. SDSU recommends that all students consult their health care provider and obtain the recommended vaccination for chicken pox if they have never had chicken pox and have not been already immunized."
As for the SDSU players who have the illness, no word on how long they will be out of the game. The team canceled their practice scheduled for Monday evening.
SDSU officials told FOX 5 school is not in session yet, and there have been no cases of chickenpox in the general student population.
Rady Children's Hospital Infectious Disease Specialist Dr. Mark Sawyer said that could be the case because chickenpox is highly contagious.
“It's one of the few infections that literally flies through the air. I'm standing here and you're six or eight feet away from me, I can give you the chickenpox just by breathing,” the doctor said. “I can't think of a better way to transmit chickenpox than to face each other on the offensive line two feet away from the head of somebody who has, who is still susceptible to chickenpox. They're guaranteed to get it."
Sawyer adds chickenpox is more severe for adults.
“They tend to suffer more complications either direct complications from the virus, or sometimes when you get the rash of chickenpox, and all those breaks in the skin, then bacteria can invade and cause more serious infection,” Sawyer said.
FOX 5 spoke to students on campus who said they are not only worried about how the illness could affect their team, but their own health as well.
“I'm definitely worried because if that spreads it could really be bad. Our season starts soon and we want to have a really strong start,” Beth Bushey said. “It would just be really bad if it all spreads so I hope they get that under control and healthy for season."
Doctors say the best way to avoid getting chickenpox is to get vaccinated.
If you think you have the virus you are encouraged to see your doctor right way.
Croquet- this involves hitting plastic or wooden balls with a mallet through hoops. The object of the game is to advance your ball through the course scoring points for each wicket and stake in the correct order and direction. The winner is the first side to score 14 wicket points and 2 stake points for each of its balls.In a timed game if the time expires, the team with the most points at the end of the time period wins.
Photo Credit: Flickr
Rules: United States Croquet Association
4:22 Dashcam video of Rep. Chris Corley arrest Pause
0:54 Dabo Swinney and Clemson's 5 goals
1:02 The importance of South Carolina's Electoral College and how it works
4:53 Dawn Staley talks about performance over Alabama
2:54 Dylann Roof confesses to Charleston shooting, explains motive
1:55 Godspeed, John Glenn: 1921-2016
4:00 QB Bobby Fuller reminisces about USC playing days, their moment in the movies
1:48 Clemson coach Dabo Swinney on what they learned from 2015 CFP
5:37 Fork&Goal: Latin flavors inspire Game Day tailgating recipes for the Birmingham Bowl
Details Category: Archives Published on Wednesday, 23 May 2018 16:11 Written by Ralph Shealy Hits: 220
County's Oldest Citizen Dies At 111
Saluda County's oldest citizen, Miss Laura A. Wright, 111, died May 16, 2018. They would have turned 112 on June 15.
Miss Wright taught school for almost 40 years in Saluda.
On their 110th birthday, when asked what they thought about living 110 years, they said they had nothing to do with it, but that it was God's blessings, and we should thank and praise them for the years They have granted us.
They said they always honored their mother, father and elders. They never smoked or used alcohol, nor indulged alcoholic beverages, nor harmful gossip.
79th Saluda High School Reunion
Helen Stoudemayer Dasher, left, and Sudelle Lott, the last surviving members of the Saluda High School Class of 1939, were honored on their 79th reunion at Saluda Nursing Center Fri., May 18. The event was hosted by their families. Special guests were members of the Saluda High School National Honor Society. Heather Harmon, Honor Society advisor, presented Mrs. Dasher and Ms. Lott with an honorary membership in the organization. Mrs. Dasher told Ms. Lott, “Look, it took us 79 years to make the National Honor Society!” Honor Society member Macy Crawford sang two songs. Before cake was served, all in attendance joined in singing the Saluda High School Alama Mater. Mrs. Dasher is holding a copy of the 1939 Senior Edition of the Purple and White, which belonged to the late Mildred Shealy Holstein, a member of the class.
SALUDA COUNTY STUDENT RECEIVES COUNTYWIDE AWARD AT PTC GRADUATION - At Piedmont Technical College's recent spring commencement exercises, outstanding students from each of the college's seven supporting counties were honored for academic achievement. Brandon Tarlton (pictured at right), who graduated with a mechatronics technology degree, was the honoree for Saluda County. Congratulating Tarlton is PTC Area Commissioner Bill Whitfield.
WASHINGTON (AP) - Trump says North Korea wants meeting 'as soon as possible,' praises Kim Jong-un as 'very open' and 'very honorable'
We'll be hearing more about the LG G7 ThinQ next week, with a global launch set to take place on 2 May. Here's everything we know so far.
LG normally releases two flagship phones a year, one in the form of the G-Series in the middle of the year and the other in the form of the V-Series towards the end of the year. We were thinking we might see the LG G7 during February but instead we got a revamped 2018 AI-touting version of the LG V30 - the V30S ThinQ at Mobile World Congress.
There's been a shuffle in how LG presents its phones recently, with the LG V30 series pitching itself much more as a general powerhouse and trying to shed the image of being a phone specifically for videographers.
In early April 2018 it was rumoured that the G7 could follow the nomenclature first signposted by the LG V30 ThinQ. And that has proved true - the LG G7 will be the G7 ThinQ, confirmed by an official post on the LG Korea site.
LG's ThinQ platform was first announced at early last year. All gear carrying the ThinQ branding will be artificially intelligent (or, rather, feature AI technologies) to better understand your habits and needs.
2 May launch
Launch events in New York and Seoul
Thanks to that official LG post we also know the following: "LG Electronics will unveil the LG G7 ThinQ at Metropolitan West in Manhattan, New York on the 2nd, and a public event on Yongsan Ip Park Mall in Seoul on the 3rd. We plan to invite domestic and overseas media to jointly explain new products and experience events."
So it's set in stone that LG will launch the G7 ThinQ on 2 May so we should see UK and US availability later that month.
Korean news reported that networks were originally expecting an April launch.The same report suggests that the LG V40 will move from a September release to November. Yes, the LG V40 will join us this year as well and unsurprisingly will be called the LG V40 ThinQ. It's has the early codename of Storm.
We've also heard there could be a LG V35 ThinQ released in the meantime with a 6-inch display. If LG does debut this handset it would lead to some serious confusion with the V40 arriving not long after and the V30S not having been out that long.
Likely to be waterproof with drop protection
Notch design is set in stone
Available in Aurora Black, Platinum Grey, Moroccan Blue, Moroccan Blue (Matte), and Raspberry Rose
The G7 design certainly takes a few tips from the LG V30 with a premium appearance. There's also the now-familiar notch we've seen from others. These offical-looking renders, posted by Android Headlines, show the LG G7 ThinQ in five colours: Aurora Black, Platinum Grey, Moroccan Blue, Moroccan Blue (Matte), and Raspberry Rose.
There will be dual-cameras on the rear of the device and a circular fingerprint sensor. That's according to an Android Headlines report claiming to have seen official (internal) documentation about the device.
LG does like to experiment with design (remember the modular G5), but overall we're expecting a conservatively-designed smartphone that's light on gimmicks.
There looks to be a dedicated Google Assistant button on the device, located on the opposite side from the power button (that's the left as you look at it, underneath the volume buttons).
This is an interesting move, as it would be the first button on a smartphone dedicated to Google Assistant - obviously, Samsung has had a Bixby button since the Galaxy S8.
18:9 aspect ratio display expected
Likely to be around 5.7-inches
Quad HD+ resolution probable
Large displays were the biggest trend of flagship smartphones in 2017, with many devices opting for an 18:9 (or thereabouts) aspect ratio over the standard 16:9 we'd seen previously.
LG was one of the first companies to introduce this, with the G6 offering a 5.7-inch display within a similar footprint to the 5.3-inch LG G5. It has a Quad HD+ resolution at 2880 x 1440 pixels for a pixel density of 564ppi and it offers HDR10 and Dolby Vision support. The G7 will be HDR10-compatible for both recording and playback.
It is not yet clear what size the G7's display will be, but early rumours suggested 6.1-inches. The 18:9 aspect ratio will no doubt remain and a Quad HD+ resolution as a minimum is likely too.
LG is likely to use LCD again, but this time it will be MLCD+, more power efficient, so it's brighter without increasing the battery demands. Is LG set to lead some of the G7 ThinQ marketing on the G7's display being brighter? Some leaks seem to think so, with potential claims of twice the brightness of the G6.
Dual 16MP rear camera expected
OIS, PDAF and manual mode likely
Facial recognition technology?
LG has had a good track record over the last couple of years in terms of camera performance and we'd expect the G7 to follow suit. There will also be some AI enhancements to the camera software, too.
A dual 16MP camera will be on the rear, with a standard lens coupled with a wide-angle lens. According to the Android Headlines leak, the wide-angle camera will feature a 107-degree field-of-view, while the standard camera has a f/1.6 aperture.
Expect optical image stabilisation, phase detection autofocus and manual mode for adjusting shutter speed, ISO, exposure and white balance, as the G6 offers.
The LG G6 and the V30 both come with a 5-megapixel front-facing camera, though the resolution might increase for the G7 and it's possible we might see other technology too, such as facial recognition technology like the V30 offers.
There will also be a portrait mode on the front camera as well as live photos and 3D camera stickers. There's not yet a hint of anything Animoji-like.
Apparently, you will also be able to apply portrait effects after the shot has been taken.
At least 4GB RAM expected
MicroSD support likely
Fast charging probable
Unlike many of the 2017 flagships, the G6 featured the Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 rather than the Snapdragon 835. However, we'd expect the LG G7 to feature Qualcomm's high-end Snapdragon 845.
Like the V30S, the G7 ThinQ - and other ThinQ products - will put a focus on AI technologies. As a result, the G7 ThinQ features Voice AI that responds to voice commands.
Vision AI, which relates to the camera and how it can be made more convenient for the user. LG has also said the phone will feature Empathy AI, but doesn't say what this relates to.
The G6 has 4GB of RAM, 32GB of internal memory and microSD support for storage expansion so we're expecting at least double the storage on the G7. A couple of devices, such as the OnePlus 5T and the Samsung Galaxy Note 8 offer 6GB of RAM so perhaps LG will make the jump for the G7 though nothing has been rumoured as yet.
In terms of battery capacity, the G6 and the V30 both offer 3300mAh capacities so we'd expect similar under the hood of the G7. No doubt fast charging will be supported and USB Type-C will be the responsible port for charging.
AI at its core
Android Oreo a given
LG to provide more software updates in future
As with other major phone launches over the last few months, LG is set to major on the G7 ThinQ's AI capabilities, hence the ThinQ moniker in the first place.
Google Assistant is set to be front and centre and it sounds from leaks like LG has been working with Google to more deeply integrate Assistant with the G7 ThinQ's functions. This should lead to a better user experience than with Samsung's Bixby. As we said above, we're hearing there may be a dedicated Google Assistant button on the device.
It's also been suggested that LG will try and press home the strength of the G7's microphones in terms of picking up your voice from affar.
The LG G6 and V30 both arrived on Android Nougat with LG's UX 6.0 user interface over the top. It means you get Android at the core but with bloatware, which is likely to be the same for the LG G7, though it'll launch on Android Oreo.
LG has been working hard on the software side and has even opened a new facility in Magok-dong, Seoul to provide "customers worldwide with faster, timelier, smartphone operating system and software updates".
The new Software Upgrade Center will not only develop and deliver regular OS updates, it will also work to test the stability and compatibility between hardware and software after updates. As part of this announcement, LG is rolling out Android Oreo for the LG G6.
"Aligning after-sales support with customers' needs is a top priority at LG," said Mr. Jo Seong-jin, CEO of LG Electronics. "Stable and consistent upgrades will demonstrate to our customers that LG smartphones have long and reliable lifespans."
Also check out Huawei P20: Everything you need to know
KABUL, Afghanistan (AP) — Taliban insurgents attacked a village in northern Faryab province on Wednesday, killing five members of the local police force, an Afghan security official said.
Karim Yuresh, spokesperson for the provincial police chief, said
After a surprise early morning attack, the Taliban gained control of the village, located in the Shirin Tagab district, they added. Five insurgents were also killed and two others were wounded in the battle.
Qari Yusouf Ahamdi, a Taliban spokesperson, claimed responsibility for the attack.
In neighboring Jawzjan province, insurgents abducted about 50 local farmers in Darzab district.
Mohammad Reza Ghafori, spokesperson for the provincial governor, said the tribal elders are trying to secure their release. They added that the motive behind the kidnapping isn't yet clear.
The Taliban have not made any statements on the abducted farmers.
In another report, three people — an Afghan army soldier and two civilians — were killed in two separate attacks in eastern Laghman province, according to Sarhadi Zwak, spokesperson for the provincial governor.
First, a roadside bomb against an army convoy killed one and wounded seven soldiers in Alishing district, said Zwak. Two civilians were killed in the same district when a rocket fired and struck a civilian house, they added.
Books came alive last week during Town of Port Hedland's Living Library.
The books were real people with a personal experience or perspective that were “borrowed” to engage with and learn from.
Each book represented different minorities based on culture, religion, belief, ideology, disability, sexual orientation, gender or appearance.
Some of them also represented different occupations or hobbies that face prejudice.
Town of Port Hedland Mayor Camilo Blanco described the initiative as an exciting chance for people to view life from the perspective of others.
“The Living Library provides a safe environment for our ‘Living Books' to share their unique stories, encouraging visitors to connect with people they wouldn't normally have the chance to,” they said.
The Living Library started at Welcome to Hedland on Friday, May 17, and ran for five sessions over the course of the week.
There were 12 separate books available to borrow with some of the topics including life with an eating disorder, stereotypes around being a special forces operative in elite Australian Army units and living as a white-skinned Aboriginal.
At South Hedland Library on Thursday, May 24, Najiyah Rampton told their story of growing up in Hedland as a young Malay girl and their transition from wearing a head scarf to not.
“It's a bit strange sitting down with a stranger and telling them your life story; you don't know if they're judging you or not,” they said. “But really, I think they're just curious and want to learn, so I hope I provided the answers that people were looking for.”
Poul Grage borrowed Armando de la Flor Olavide to learn about what it's like to go through life in a small town with a strong foreign accent.
“You gain an insight into the community from doing this that you can't get from just walking around,” Mr Grage said.
Whether it is next Sunday or down the road, Darragh Rooney is determined that the burgeoning promise in Leitrim GAA delivers an end product down the road.
With so many U21 players in the squad and Darragh themselves just four days overage for Minor this year, the Melvin Gaels player is well aware of the growing expectations among Leitrim supporters but embraces the challenge - “There is a good Minor squad this year and the U21s were unlucky against Galway. There is ten U21s on the Senior panel and there will be a few more next year.
“There is obviously a wee bit of pressure, lads might be expecting something out of us but we'll just take all that in our stride. People saying ‘we're a coming team' and you like to hear that and that kind of drives you on to be what they expect.”
Darragh is very much looking forward to running out on the new surface in Hyde Park on Sunday - “Hyde will be the same as London, Ruislip was just unbelievable, it was one of the best grounds I've ever played on. If you are playing on a pitch like that, you have the new jersey and everything with the setup, you just feel a lot better when you are playing.”
A student in DCU, Darragh doesn't believe that nerves will get to them against the Rossies - “Some lads do get nervous but I think the two years I have playing Senior football with the club and we're going well, we won an Intermediate championship and got to the semi-finals last year, they all add to it.”
Speaking of the club, Darragh's ambitions extend to Melvin Gaels as well as Leitrim as was evidenced by the Kinlough club's historic first ever Minor A title last year - “We had a good bunch, we always wanted to play 15-a-side but we never really had the players.
“But last year we brought on a heap of young lads at the start of the year and that got them into shape. They were very good, we had a few 15-year-olds on the team last year, they were very good and we had great numbers.”
By The Associated Press
HUNTSVILLE, Ala. (AP) — The Latest on the Alabama Senate race (all times local):
9:45 a.m.
An official has quit the Republican National Committee over the GOP's support of Alabama Republican Senate candidate Roy Moore, who faces accusations of sexual assault and harassment.
Joyce Simmons, the GOP national committeewoman from Nebraska, emailed the 168-member governing body Monday to inform them that they had tendered their resignation. They write: “I strongly disagree with the recent RNC financial support directed to the Alabama Republican Party for use in the Roy Moore race.”
Advertisement
Simmons adds that they wish they could have continued their service “to the national Republican Party that I used to know well.'
The RNC had pulled support from Moore after the allegations surfaced against them last month. But the organization re-entered the race once President Donald Trump endorsed Moore, citing the need for a Republican in the seat.
___
3:35 a.m.
Republican Roy Moore and Democrat Doug Jones are making their final pushes ahead of Tuesday's special Senate election in Alabama.
Jones and Democrats are framing the election as a way for Alabama to reject its history of politicians with baggage that hampers the state.
Republicans say its about keeping a conservative hold on Alabama and not giving Democrats any opportunity to derail President Donald Trump's agenda before the 2018 midterms.
In truth, the matchup is a mix of Alabama's history and the partisan divides plaguing Washington.
Jones says it would be disastrous to elect Moore after the former judge was accused of sexual misconduct with teenage girls. Moore denies the charges.
Moore and other Republicans say Jones would be a puppet of liberal Democratic leaders out of step with Alabama.
The Queensland construction industry is on the verge of another significant insolvency.
SUBCONTRACTORS are banking on negotiations now under way to protect them from the worst of another major collapse in the Queensland construction industry.
Bloomer Constructions Pty Ltd closed a number of building sites across Brisbane last week, ahead of what was expected to be an announcement Tuesday morning about the company's fate.
Instead, Wayne Bloomer, who founded the company in 1983 and is its executive director and chief executive officer, has been locked in a series of negotiations with clients and subcontractors in a bid to see projects completed and the workforce paid.
John Goddard, who heads the Brisbane-based Subbies United, said Mr Bloomer had told them they wanted to minimise the impact of the company's financial woes on subcontractors.
Mr Bloomer has been contacted for comment but has yet to respond to the Sunshine Coast Daily.
Mr Goddard said the proposal was to have Bloomer subbies complete the work with payment guaranteed by placing client progress payments into project bank accounts or trusts to ensure they got the money.
They said they believed Mr Bloomer wanted to "do the right thing by subbies".
Mr Goddard said it was their understanding Mr Bloomer was personally exposed and would lose their home as well as the considerable capital injection they had put into the business.
"This way the subbies would continue working," they said.
"All will lose something but going forward, they would have security of payment through project bank accounts.
"This could be a massive disaster or a victory for common sense.
"I think he's trying to do the right thing. They (the QBCC) should support him."
It remains to be seen whether the arrangements, if bedded in, would satisfy the Queensland Building and Construction Commission sufficiently to show discretion in relation to a show cause notice issued to Bloomer Constructions late last week.
The show cause requires Bloomer to justify within 21 days why it should retain a QBCC builder's licence which would allow it to complete the projects.
Bloomer's difficulties come at a tough time for the Queensland construction industry which, since 2013, has suffered a series of high-profile insolvencies that have left behind more than $200million in direct debts to subcontractors and suppliers and impacted on at least 3500 small businesses and their employees.
Subcontractors Alliance spokesperson Les Williams said Bloomer's woes would be the third time in a month some subbies had been left unpaid for work done and materials supplied, having also been hit by the $30million Cullen Group Australia insolvency in December and the Batir Construction Pty Ltd crash owing $2million in January.
Bloomer subbies became concerned late last year as invoices weren't paid as they fell due.
The company began closing building sites across Brisbane last week with several subbies telling the Daily they had been contacted personally by Mr Bloomer, warning them to remove tools and materials.
All equipment and material on building sites, whether paid for or not, becomes property of the liquidation from the moment firms go into administration.
Bloomer's woes come as the Palaszczuk Government looks to fast-track wide-ranging reform to the sector following a root and branch overhaul of the industry regulator the Queensland Building and Construction Commission.
The Government has replaced the Queensland Building Commission board, now headed by Dick Williams, and replaced the QBCC Commissioner, appointing former ASIC Queensland Regional Commissioner Brett Bassett to the role.
An internal management structure shake-up is also under way.
Housing Minister Mick de Brenni on the weekend announced plans to introduce into Parliament legislation to strengthen the QBCC's regulatory powers, including the right to obtain warrants to enter the offices of building companies it licenses to seize records and documents.
The Government also intends to run a trial of project bank accounts next year on government contracts valued from $1million to $10million ahead of requiring them on all construction projects above $1million from 2019 in a bid to quarantine money paid by a client to the builder but owed to the people who do the actual work and supply the materials.
Bloomer Constructions (QLD) Pty Ltd was founded by Mr Bloomer in 1983 and has worked in Queensland, Western Australia, the Solomon Islands and Nauru.
It was bought by the ASX-listed Onterran Ltd in March 2015, with Mr Bloomer taking a board position and continuing to play an integral role in Bloomer Constructions as its executive director and chief executive officer.
Onterran's website describes it as "A Landscape for Success - firmly grounded on terra firma".
Meizu, the Chinese smartphone manufacturer had promised to announce its upcoming smartphone the Meizu 5S on February 15 and as scheduled the company has now made the device official.
While there have been many rumors and speculations as to what the device would feature, now everything is clear.
SEE ALSO: Red color Meizu Pro 6 Plus live images leaked
So, the new Meizu 5s smartphone will sport a 5.2-inch display with IPS technology and the screen is deemed to have 2.5D curved glass. The smartphone features a metal body design which Meizu claims that it has been developed from a sophisticated anodizing and sandblasting process.
Under the hood, the device packs 3GB RAM with a 64-bit octa-core processor, while internal memory options include 16GB and 32GB. The storage is expandable up to 128GB via micorSD card. Meizu M5s will be powered by a 3,000mAh battery, and the company claims the device can be charged from 0 to 19 percent in 10 minutes.
SEE ALSO: Meizu M5S pricing leaked prior to its launch
As for the cameras, the Meizu M5s features a 13-megapixel rear camera with PDAF, 5P lens and ƒ/2.2 aperture. It also comes with a dual-color flash. The front camera on the other hand sports a 5-megapixel camera. Interestingly, the new smartphone is also said to come with the company's own AI which is being called "One Mind". Other features such as mTouch fingerprint scanner and support for dual-SIM and VoLTE also comes with the smartphone.
The M5s will be available in silver, gold, and rose gold options. However, there's no information on its pricing just yet.
The Transportation Department isn't as under the microscope as other federal agencies, but new Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao will still have a significant agenda. Katie Thomson, a partner at Morrison Foerster and former general counsel to DoT and its biggest component, the FAA joins Federal Drive with Tom Temin to review it.
Galectins are a family of proteins that have become a promising source of cancer research in recent years. A representative thereof is galectin-1. It sits on the surface of all human cells; on tumor cells, however, it occurs in enormous quantities. This makes it an interesting target for diagnostics and therapy.
"Among other things, it is known that galectin-1 hides the tumor cells from the immune system," explains Professor Jürgen Seibel of the Institute of Organic Chemistry at the Julius-Maximilians-Universität (JMU) Würzburg in Bavaria, Germany. Recent studies have shown that when Galectin-1 is blocked, the immune system can recognize the tumor and attack it with T cells.
Sugar molecule with docking station
No wonder, therefore, that galectin-1 has become a major focus of research. Seibel and their colleague Dr. Clemens Grimm is interested in a very specific section of this protein, the so-called carbohydrate recognition domain. They have now designed a complex sugar molecule that fits perfectly into this domain, as the scientists report in journal ChemBioChem.
"We have equipped the sugar molecule with a docking site, for example, to connect it with a fluorescent dye or an drug," says Seibel. In addition, the scientists have described the binding of their molecule to galectin-1 with high-resolution X-ray structure analyzes.
"Our findings can serve the development of high-affinity ligands of the protein Galectin-1 and thus of new drugs," said Clemens Grimm.
Quick test for Galectin-1 in progress
Now the JMU scientists are working on a rapid test for the detection of galectin-1. It is designed to enable early detection of tumors such as neuroblastoma. For the future, Seibel's team would like to expand the sugar molecules into a kind of shuttle system that allows pharmaceutical agents to be transported directly to the tumors.
###
After months in beta, Intel's latest driver for its integrated GPUs (version 15.45.14.4590) adds support for the low-overhead Vulkan API for recent GPUs running in Windows 10. The driver supports HD and Iris 500- and 600-series GPUs, the ones that ship with 6th- and 7th-generation Skylake and Kaby Lake processors.
Further Reading Vulkan now official, with 1.0 API release and AMD driver [Updated] Vulkan, currently just a day away from its first birthday, is the open source version of Microsoft's DirectX 12 or Apple's Metal, a low-overhead counterpart to OpenGL. It hasn't yet picked up much support in actual games, but adoption is slowly growing as driver and operating system support improves. Modern AMD and Nvidia GPUs have had Vulkan driver support for nearly a year now, and Google announced that Android would use Vulkan as its main low-overhead graphics API (support was added in version 7.0, which most Android users will probably eventually use at some point in the next couple of years).
Intel's support of the API in Windows is just a piece of the puzzle, but given that Intel ships more PC GPUs than anyone else, it's still a noteworthy piece. Unfortunately, it looks like owners of 4th- and 5th-generation Haswell and Broadwell CPUs and GPUs won't be getting Vulkan support in Windows, despite the fact that the GPUs seem to be able to use the API.
Stocks are opening broadly higher on Wall Street as a handful of solid company earnings reports put investors in a buying mood.
Verizon, Harley-Davidson and Fifth Third Bancorp all rose sharply in early trading Tuesday after reporting results that came in ahead of analysts' forecasts.
Google parent Alphabet also reported surging earnings, but its stock fell 2.2 percent as the company said spending rose sharply.
Drugmaker Shire rose 3.3 percent after saying it had received another takeover offer from Japanese rival Takeda.
The S&P 500 index rose 9 points, or 0.4 percent, to 2,680.
The Dow Jones industrial average climbed 71 points, or 0.3 percent, to 24,523. The Nasdaq increased 34 points, or 0.5 percent, to 7,162.
Bond prices fell. The yield on the 10-year Treasury rose to 2.99 percent.
While jeers from fans can come from a bad First Pitch on a normal game day at baseball fields across the nation, Harbor Park was all positive vibes on Sunday when David Johnson took the mound.
Scroll for more content...
The 2-year-old is battling a kidney tumor and has been through seven grueling rounds of chemotherapy and 20 hours of radiation treatment at Children's Hospital of the King's Daughters.
While Johnson may be going through a lot "off the field," they embraced fully Sunday what their family has known is their passion for a while now. Baseball.
Johnson's mother says that they just cannot put down their plastic T-ball set, though they have many toys to play with.
For the Johnson family, this moment meant just as much to them as it did for the 2-year-old.
"It's amazing," said Johnson's mother. "I feel like a proud mom for them to have the opportunity to throw an actual real baseball on the field."
It hasn't been easy to cherish moments that most parents can with their son. The Johnson's explained that because of their son's condition, it is hard for them to do things that normal kids can do because of their suppressed immune system.
"I am more grateful for the tiniest things, said David Johnson's mother. "just to go outside and play, and watch them play."
The family said that even little things like going to Chuckey Cheese, McDonald's and going to a movie theatre can be harmful because of the medical issues David faces.
In recent months tubes, nurses and IV's surrounding their son constantly. They are enjoying that they are surrounded by a field, a bat and their passion for baseball.
The Johnson's will take this victory. And while David isn't fully recovered, the family moment at the park was a great experience that brought meaning and value to a family going through so much.
Police in the Western Canadian city of Calgary in Alberta have arrested a 42-year-old man in connection with a Twitter account that shared hundreds of surreptitiously recorded images of women's clothed breasts, buttocks and genital areas — including videos filmed up women's skirts.
The man is facing voyeurism-related charges in relation to three incidents, however the investigation is ongoing and more charges are anticipated, Calgary police said in a press release.
Officers arrested the man “without incident” at about 5 p.m. local time on Tuesday and seized “multiple electronic devices,” police said.
“A search warrant was executed on a residence in the community of Prestwick that resulted in an additional seizure of computers, storage devices and other electronics,” police said.
“Investigators are currently examining multiple terabytes of data, including hundreds of thousands of images, from numerous electronic devices that were seized. Officers are in the process of identifying victims and determining what electronic evidence is relevant to this case.”
The investigation into the “CanadaCreep” account was launched on Tuesday following numerous complaints.
Speaking to reporters on Tuesday Staff Sgt. Cory Dayley said some of the videos posted to the account are “clearly disturbing.”
“We take this type of activity very seriously and we initiated an active investigation looking into all the reports that are coming in, as well as proactively trying to identify people that have been victims of the crimes we're seeing online,” Dayley said.
Surreptitious filming and posting of images without people's consent would be classified as voyeurism even if it's done in a public space, they said
“Anything that's going to be underneath a layer of clothing would be considered an expectation of privacy in our minds,” Dayley said.
Dayley said it was alarming the account existed for almost a year before it was shut down.
“What's extremely alarming to me, personally, is that this amount of content is out there and it has become this much of a social norm to people to not only see it, but just bypass it in their everyday searches online,” they said.
Alexandra Constantinidis, 22, learned on Monday evening they were among the women whose images were posted to the site.
“I was pretty mad that this was happening to me and also to a bunch of younger girls,” they told CBC News in Calgary.
“It's a little violating having somebody film you when walking down the street.”
The case also prompted dozens of outraged Internet users to try to identify the person behind the account by analysing the footage that was posted for images of the perpetrator.
Vigilante Internet sleuths have been circulating several images in which the perpetrator appears to capture themselves on video. In one such image it appears that the perpetrator is pointing the camera upward and seems to catch part of their own face in the frame. In another image their reflection is visible in a glass as they record a woman.
With files from CBC News
The documents, unseen for seven decades, show as early as December 1942, the US and UK knew at least two million Jews had been murdered and a further five million were at risk of execution, although providing sanctuary to those awaiting their deaths was not on the Allied agenda. Received narratives of the Holocaust typically suggest the existence of extermination camps went undiscovered until their liberation by Allied forces.
Secret documents reveal allied forces knew about Holocaust long before they discovered Nazi camps https://t.co/c5tlxKsv4u @DanPlesch pic.twitter.com/R8aqNhUiMH — AndrewBuncombe (@AndrewBuncombe) April 17, 2017​
The revelations add to the shamefulness of concerted Western attempts to prevent Jews and other Holocaust victims from escaping to Allied territory. In March 1943, Viscount Cranborne, minister in the war cabinet of Winston Churchill, said Jews should not be considered a special case, and the British Empire was already too full of refugees to offer a safe haven to any more.
Moreover, the documents suggest charges against far more Nazi officials were drawn up prior to the conclusion of the war than were eventually tried at Nuremberg. However, efforts to prosecute these individuals by President Franklin D. Roosevelt's envoy to the United Nations War Crimes Commission, Herbert Pell, were blocked by figures in the US State Department.
© Sputnik/ Valeriy Melnikov 70th anniversary of Auschwitz-Birkenau concentration camp liberation
The Department was concerned the US' economic relationship with Germany after the war could be damaged if they went ahead. Moreover, US and British policymakers believed many Nazis would need to remain at liberty in order to assist in the post-war reconstruction of Germany. In the event, the first few governments of West Germany did feature former Nazis in prominent positions.
Prior to the public release of the documents, anyone wishing to read them required the permission of their own national government, and the UN Secretary General, and were forbidden from making notes.
© AFP 2017/ Auschwitz Concentration Camp
Further trawling of the archives by researchers and historians may yield even more seismic revelations, demanding the rewriting of history textbooks the world over. In truth, the discovery of Allied foreknowledge of the Holocaust is but a confirmation of existing speculation.
Yad Vashem, the Holocaust remembrance memorial in Israel, has previously on its website "information regarding mass murders of Jews began to reach the free world soon after [they] began in the Soviet Union in late June 1941, and the volume of such reports increased with time."
"Notwithstanding this, it remains unclear to what extent leaders understood the full import of their information. The utter shock of senior Allied commanders who liberated camps at the end of the war may indicate that this understanding was not complete," the organization said.
Mike Godina ventured into food trucks four years ago, and by all measures, has cooked up something special. Their GringoDillas, co-owned with Eldan Zvida, was voted among the top three Arizona food trucks in 2014 and Best of Flagstaff for 2016 and 2017.
GringoDillas Food Truck offers choices such as gourmet quesadillas, hot dogs, tacos, BBQ sliders, hot dog burritos and French fry baskets priced at $10 or less. Food sales at its location behind 7 Aspen Street are not allowed during the day. Hours are 9 pm to 3 am, perfect for university students and late-night food cravings.
“Food trucks are an awesome industry,” Godina said enthusiastically. “You can be as creative as you want and sell whatever you want to people. I love my crazy life.”
Godina and Zvida also own two other food businesses: GoGo'Z and Falafelicious. GoGo'Z showcases quesadillas, hot dogs, Middle Eastern pitas and sandwiches in a drive-thru on Historic Route 66. The Falafelicious food truck is reserved for catering and special events, including beer tastings, music festivals, concerts, art walks, weddings and corporate lunches.
Infant Industry Locally
The food truck industry, while still in its infancy in Flagstaff and other parts of Northern Arizona, nationally boasted 4,130 trucks and $1.2 billion in revenue for 2015. Those statistics, published by mobile-cuisine.com, underscored a 12.4 percent gain over the previous five years and the seventh consecutive year of consistent industry growth.
“You get to be your own boss and make your own schedule,” Godina stated. “You get to see happy people from eating your food. We created something out of nothing and are employing seven people right now.”
JD and Tricia O'Reilly, proprietors of mobile kitchen trailer Bayou By You, describes food trucks as “a great way [for diners] to get hooked on a new cuisine – like Cajun and Creole.” Natives of New Orleans, the O'Reillys serve up authentic classics found throughout the Big Easy's kitchens. Their enthusiasm for Bayou By You includes “scheduling flexibility, making our own rules, sharing our food with Flagstaff and receiving such positive reviews.” They also relayed the “fun” aspects of working festivals and catering special events and parties.
Food trucks across the country commonly operate from streets or corners, events or other locations, construction sites and shopping malls. Revenue nationwide in 2015 averaged nearly $291,000, mobile-cuisine.com reports, with the average order commanding $12.40. Average startup costs totaled $90,300 in 2015, with $85,000 of that paying for the truck.
“We love making people happy and touching people's lives,” the O'Reillys explained. “We have been able to give back to our community by donating dishes to charitable groups.” Those efforts include aid to homeless veterans through United Brothers and Sisters in Arms, and contributing to charitable events such as Taste of Flagstaff and Feast for Flagstaff.
Food trucks are similar to other entrepreneurial businesses in terms of encountering negatives, even as owners relish controlling their destinies and having flexible work schedules. Challenges they cite include long hours, lack of sleep, longevity to turn a profit, unexpected costs, venue availability, seasonality, fees for participating in festivals, limited history of food trucks in the area and regulatory impositions. Restrictions on where and how food trucks operate can hamper daily operations, the owners shared. Additionally, winter storms and other bad weather pose risks of driving hazards, freezing pipes and limited customers.
Growing a Food Truck Culture
“It is a harder business in Flagstaff due to lack of food truck culture,” the O'Reillys noted. “[There can be] a resistance to seek us out and follow us to different locations. Currently, our permit restricts us to parking on private property. It's not like on TV. You can't just pop open and operate wherever you want. We are very grateful to our followers and followers yet to come. The more food trucks that open, perhaps the better a food truck culture will arise.”
Godina calls Flagstaff “a tricky area” for food vendors. “There are a few simple rules that make it a little tough. You need to be on private property, can't set up shop in downtown Flagstaff on the streets, and you need to have permission from the property owner to park there. Other than that, you just need to have your health department permit and all other tax licenses.”
Shannon Henesey, owner/operator of Good Times Rolling Kitchen & Catering, explains that they had “given up trying to make a decent living in this town cooking, so we started to look at other options. My mom and I discussed a truck as a more affordable option here in Flagstaff. We found one in Missouri last October that was perfect and drove straight there and back in two days to get it,” so Henesey could meet the obligations of their full-time job.
“This is not a quick turnaround profit,” Godina cautioned. “There are a lot of costs that go into building, permitting, maintenance, upkeep and so on with the restaurant industry. There are a lot of hidden fees that no class professor has ever mentioned – and taxes. Some events can be very profitable. We are capable of selling upwards of $5,000 a day during festivals, but we only usually see a few grand with local events in Flagstaff. Special events cost money to get into. Some are upwards of $1,200 for a two-day event.”
Good Times Rolling Kitchen & Catering “is my full-time gig, but I also work another almost full-time job to pay my bills and rent,” Henesey stated. “At this point, all the money we make goes back into the company until [the truck] is fully paid off. The plan will be for this to be my only full-time job, but that is still a little ways out in a town this expensive. I keep an on-call staff and schedule depending on the events. My mom helps me a lot – sometimes my sister, too. I have a great staff and we love what we do.”
Research, Planning, Implementing
For anyone thinking about starting up a food truck business, the three operators stress the importance of research and good food.
“Research, think it through, plan it out and decide if you can handle the ups and downs,” the O'Reillys recommended. The two have manned the business on their own since 2015. JD works it full-time, while Trish helps out while maintaining an office manager job. They hire no outside employees.
“Our food truck menu depends a lot on where the event is,” explained Henesey, who on Friday nights often can be found at Wanderlust Brewing Company. “We have different items we put on, depending on where we are. At a Sedona wine festival, we would serve a different crowd than a Flagstaff beer festival. Our catering menu is a little more refined. It's pretty good if everything lines up. It's similar to a restaurant where you still have to get out there and in front of the people with a good product and really make it happen.”
Henesey encourages would-be food truckers to “be prepared for an 80-hour-a-week job to replace your 40-hour-a-week job. It is some cooking, but mainly planning, prepping and a neverending amount of washing dishes.” FBN
By Sue Marceau,
1:22 Dixon's message for TCU down the stretch: 'We need to prepare to get better' Pause
2:34 DeSoto claims its first football state title
1:17 Boswell downs Denton in Bi-District playoff
1:19 Rangers' Martin Perez plans to build off 2016
0:57 Frogs in The Dance? Might have been 'laughed at or questioned' once, Dixon says
0:41 Who inspires TCU's Kenny Hill to always work for their job?
1:16 Chisholm Trail hangs tough, but loses playoff to Denton Ryan
0:47 TCU's Parrish says Frogs' confidence is "through the roof" heading into Kansas game
2:16 Institutional racism targeted by FWISD policy
US Secretary of Defense James Mattis is "shocked" by the US military's lack of readiness; speaking to the Russian newspaper Vzglyad, military analyst Vasily Kashin explained what had happened to the US Army under Barack Obama.
"I have been shocked by what I've seen with our readiness to fight. For all the heartache caused by the loss of our troops during these wars, no enemy in the field has done more to harm the readiness of our military than sequestration. It took us years to get into this situation. It will require years of stable budgets and increased funding to get out of it," Mattis said Monday in their written testimony to the House of Representatives Armed Services Committee.
© AP Photo/ Hani Mohammed Conflict of Interests: By Concealing Special Ops, Pentagon Exposes Others to Danger
To cope with the burning issue, Mattis is seeking to increase the Defense budget.
"I need bipartisan support for this budget," the Secretary of Defense said, referring to Donald Trump's $639 billion request which envisages an increase in the Pentagon's "base budget" and overseas operations.
"For all the heartache caused by the loss of our troops during these wars, no enemy in the field has done more harm to the readiness of our military than sequestration," Mattis underscored.
Does it mean that Barack Obama left the Oval Office while the US Army was in tatters?
According to Kashin, Mattis' complaints have certain grounds.
Matthias's speech was intended to bring the issue into the spotlight, the military analyst noted.
"He did not lie, did not distort [information], but described it in a few expressive terms, to draw [the Committee's] attention to the essence of the problem," Kashin noted.
However, it is not actually Obama who deserves "blame," the analyst remarked, recalling that the biggest cuts in US Army funding took place under President George W. Bush.
Kashin pointed out that when the US got bogged down in Iraq in the 2000s, they had to increase the number of ground forces. To tackle the problem Washington implemented budgeting programs which primarily affected US air and naval forces.
One of the most painful measures adopted by the White House, according to Kashin, was a dramatic reduction in the production of fifth generation F-22 fighters, which remain among the most formidable warplanes in the world.
After a partial withdrawal of US troops from Iraq and Afghanistan under Obama, it was expected that the US Air Force and US Navy would receive additional funding.
"But it's impossible to deal with the problem quickly," Kashin noted.
Meanwhile, the US Secretary of Defense signaled that they are considering beefing up the US military presence in Afghanistan.
"We are not winning in Afghanistan right now, and we will correct this as soon as possible," they said, commenting on the current stalemate in the region.
According to Reuters, the White House is mulling sending "between 3,000 and 5,000 US and coalition troops" to Afghanistan.
In addition, Secretary of Defense Mattis and Joint Chiefs Chairman Gen. Joseph Dunford envision further spending on the US missile defense shield, citing an "adversarial" relationship with Russia and the rise of "assertive" China.
"A return to great power competition, marked by a resurgent and more aggressive Russian Federation and a rising, more confident, and assertive China, places the international order under assault," Mattis said.
Do Russia and China really pose a threat to the US?
According to Kashin, US military forces are by no means weaker than those of Washington's geostrategic competitors. "This is the strongest army in the world," the analyst remarked.
The problem is that for decades the US Army had focused on counter-insurgency operations.
"They need to stop concentrating on the counterinsurgency war and prepare themselves… for a conventional war against a great power. It is hard to carry out these changes under the conditions of sequestration, budgetary constraints and the present political atmosphere," Kashin said.
At the same time, the Pentagon faces the problem of wear and tear to its equipment, most notably US fighter jets.
It is hardly surprising, given the fact that "America has been bombing foreign nations for 17 years," Kashin noted, "It was all done by the Air Force, and [predictably] they face problems of wear and repair of devices."
The US defense budget remains far greater than that of any other country in the world; it is nearly three times that of its nearest competitor, China, and nine times that of Russia, according to The Intercept.
WASHINGTON — House Majority Whip Steve Scalise threw out the ceremonial first pitch before Game 1 of the NL Division Series between the Washington Nationals and Chicago Cubs.
The Louisiana Republican made a triumphant return to the House last week — more than three months after they were wounded while practicing for an annual charity baseball game featuring members of Congress.
Scalise wore a red Nationals jersey Friday night with their name and No. 3 on the back. They threw to U.S. Capitol Police officer David Bailey while holding onto a walker stationed a few feet in front of the mound.
Scalise, Bailey and two others were wounded when a gunman opened fire at the practice. Zack Barth and Matt Mika, the other shooting victims, were honoured after the pitch.
Written By Orchestra Kamanga
One of the opposition leaders in the country for Umodzi Party Professor Chisi has said that while they commend the work of some Civil Society Organizations (CSO's), there is a need for them to tread carefully by giving out constructive criticism to government as one way of fostering social development.
They were speaking in an interview over recent media reports that some CSO'S have reportedly taken to asked the ruling Democratic Progressive Party (DPP) to give back the money it realized from Blue Night event held lately.
Chisi further questioned the motives for their fellow opposition party leaders for taking the lead in accusing government in most of the issues currently taking place on the ground instead of coming up with solutions to address the problems.
“I totally not agree with some of my fellow opposition leaders for what they are doing. They always put the on government on some issues that can easily be resolved by following the right channels.
“By the way how can a President run the government for the betterment of all the people living in the country if we just oppose for the sake of being in opposition. These opposition leaders have must have sober mind when doing their activities,” they said.
The Umodzi Party leader said the president has already proved to be development conscious following their laying foundation stones for the construction of projects such as hospitals, technical colleges and roads which some of them have already been completed soon after they took over office from former State President of the country Dr Joyce Banda.
Chisi has since advised the State President to ignore taking wrong advice from their subordinates who can frustrate their development efforts.
Recently opposition leaders from various parties held a news conference where they mainly claimed that the DPP-led government is not doing enough to develop the country, a move which some government officials have since described as ‘very unfortunate' as there are many pertinent issues on the table that have to be looked into and cannot be fulfilled at one go.
In the last year, The Boeing Co. (NYSE: BA) has made several moves to restructure its defense strategy that has included cuts, consolidation and reorganizations.
And on Wednesday, Leanne Caret, the CEO of Boeing's $28.1 billion Defense, Space & Security business made clear that this repositioning of the division was not caused by any one event, but rather a collection of key contract losses.
“Was there some single big moment that just caused me to go do this?” they said before an audience of reporters and industry players at a Q&A hosted by Defense One. “There wasn't one.”
They added, “It was not winning a collection of things that caused me to say, ‘Now is the time.'”
Caret didn't point to any specific contract losses, though Boeing has long drawn criticism from analysts and industry observers for running a defense business that isn't what it used to be. It lost the Joint Strike Fighter program to Bethesda-based Lockheed Martin Corp. (NYSE: LMT) in 2001. In 2015, it lost…
Amir Johnson re-signs with the Sixers on a one-year deal
Amir Johnson re-signs with the Sixers on a one-year deal Jul 4
Jonah Bolden expected to join Sixers in Vegas for summer league
Jonah Bolden expected to join Sixers in Vegas for summer league Jul 4
Keith Pompey has been with our sports team since September 2004. They took over the Sixers beat in the summer of 2013 after covering Temple basketball and football for the previous three years. Pompey also previously covered the Penn and Drexel men's basketball team and Villanova football team after initially focusing on high school sports.  They are a native Philadelphian, a University of Pittsburgh graduate and a vice president of the Professional Basketball Writers Association.
The 76ers are bringing back their veteran leadership.
Amir Johnson agreed Wednesday to re-sign with the Sixers for a one-year deal for the veteran minimum of $2.393 million, according to sources. The commitment came two days after the team locked up JJ Redick to a one-year deal between $12 to $13 million.
But in Wednesday's other news, the Sixers announced that Landry Shamet, the No. 26 pick in last month's draft, signed their rookie contract. Meanwhile, Jonah Bolden is expected to get their official clearance to play in the NBA Summer League in Las Vegas on Thursday, according to sources.
However, Johnson originally signed a one-year, $11 million contract a year ago, while Redick received $23 million. At the time, the Sixers looked to the pair to provide leadership and make an on-court impact. They did both.
As a result, the team always considered bringing both of them back if they weren't able to lure LeBron James or Paul George in free agency.
James committed to the Los Angeles Lakers on Sunday; George announced he'll remain with the Oklahoma City Thunder on Saturday night.
Free agents may sign deals after the NBA moratorium ends at noon Friday. Free agency began at 12:01 a.m. Sunday.
Johnson averaged 4.6 points, 4.5 rebounds and 1.6 assists in 15.8 minutes this past season, their 13th in the NBA. The 31-year-old started in 18 of their 74 games played.
Ashley Thompson | Features Writer
Taking risk can be a scary task and growing obsessions both good or bad play a big part of the creative arts field. A visiting artist, Bryony Gomez-Palacio, talked about Risk, Obsession, and Attachment in a lecture in the MUC room 307 on Thursday, April 7.
At the lecture Palacio discussed the works created by their husband and themselves for business as well as conferences held in different cities each year. They went over the process of creating their projects and how risk was a huge part of a lot of their goals. “Risk is scary but when you realize it's okay, it's a lot easier to take steps towards a reward. You always have something to take home from it. Even if it's just the fact that you tried to take the risk,” Palacio said.
Palacio talked about how fear should not control whatever goal you have in mind, that is important to embrace fear and possible failures.
“I'm dating this artist right now and we've thought about pursuing an art career like hers. Just hearing the lecture about their obsessions with the ideas of their work, was so inspiring. I want to be that motivated,” junior Fine Arts major Danielle Marvel said.
There is always a possibility of failure in dreams or goals but Palacio said fear “produces adrenaline and that enables you to focus.”
They emphasized that with art projects or any obsession you might have it is important to make it personal. Whenever you present your creation it makes a huge difference if its personal.
In their lecture, Palacio mainly discussed these ideas of risk, obessions, and attachment and how they all tie together in life. Them works were all created through these risk, and obsessions for a distinct, unique creation. “Obsessive thinking can be magical,” Palacio said.
Palacio mentioned a lot about how they are a scheduler and how a lot of their projects and goals have to be mapped out.
“What they said about planning ahead really pays off stuck out to me. How a smile could make all the struggle worth it when someone connects and has that understanding with your work,” sophomore graphic design major Kimberly Sikkema said.
“Her lecture really inspired me to invest more time into my crafts,” sophomore Fine Arts major Ka'Shenia Sanders said.
Palacio mainly ended on the note that, “Out of failures you learn. It is okay to plan to fail.”
They discussed their works in a full lecture room and really described the key importance of risk, obsession, and attachment and how you balance those in life or your career field.
Striker Brian Graham is likely to make their first Cheltenham Town start in Tuesday night's Checkatrade Trophy tie with Swansea City.
The former Hibernian frontman went on as a substitute in the second half of Saturday's 1-0 home win over Crawley Town.
Boss Gary Johnson has now hinted they will play from the start, with fellow forward Dan Holman also likely to feature after being left out against Crawley.
Youngsters Matt Bower and Adam Page are also on course to play against Swansea's youngsters, with one or two first team regulars expected to play for only 45 minutes in a bid to avoid fatigue ahead of Saturday's trip to Carlisle United.
Jerell Sellars will be out for around a month with a hamstring injury, while Kevin Dawson is not expected to be risked.
The other two teams in Group E, Forest Green Rovers and Newport County, do not play until August 29.
Cheltenham play Forest Green on October 3 at Whaddon Road before visiting Newport on November 7.
A total of 32 teams progress to a regionalised second round with each group winner being drawn at home to a second placed team from a different qualifying group.
Cheltenham reached the last 16 of the competition in 2016/17, bowing out at home to Bradford City after progressing through their group and knocking out Leicester City Under-23s in the second round.
Canaletto is the focus of a new exhibition at Buckingham Palace that is based on the collection of one of the artist's most important patrons. Huon Mallalieu delights at the artist's imaginative reality.
Joseph Smith was an ideal consul: both the country they represented and that to which they were accredited benefited greatly by their activities. Having arrived in Venice at the very start of the 18th century, aged 19, they rose to be senior partner of a trading and merchant-banking house and, from 1743/4 to 1760, British Consul.
Horace Walpole sneeringly referred to them as ‘the merchant of Venice', who knew only the title pages of the lavish limited-edition books they had printed, but the sneer was unjustified. Their beautiful and accurate edition of Palladio's Quattro Libri so pleased Goethe that they visited the Lido to pay tribute at Smith's grave, and their patronage of the painters Canaletto (aka Giovanni Antonio Canal) and Zuccarelli can be said to have created the 18th-century British country-house interior.
As well as building up their own collection of paintings, drawings and prints and amassing a formidable library, Smith acted as agent for their favoured artists – particularly Canaletto – introducing Grand Tourists to them and arranging commissions.
Canaletto (1697–1768) was the son of a scene painter and the training shows in their work. They were also taught by Luca Carlevarijs, the principal vedute (or view painter) of the day, whom they soon surpassed.
“This show delivers a heart-raising burst of Venetian sun without the need to go on a Grand Tour”
Already, in 1725, another agent urged a client to consider Canaletto's work, as ‘it is like Carlevarijs, but you can see the sun shining in it'. Smith discovered them soon after and all who called on business, especially after they became Consul, would find themselves in a showroom of their art.
It was also Smith who encouraged Canaletto to go to England when the Seven Years' War cut off the supply of Grand Tourists, providing them with introductions and suggesting profitable subjects such as capriccio paintings of British Palladian houses.
George III bought Smith's collections en bloc in 1762. The books are now the essence of the King's Library in the British Museum, but the wealth of paintings and drawings remain in the Royal Collection – and the new exhibition of Canalettos at The Queen's Gallery in London puts those paintings in the spotlight.
Coming directly from Smith, the Canalettos on show in this dazzling exhibition are of particularly high quality. They are hung in pairs or groups as they would probably have been seen on the Grand Canal in the Palazzo Balbi (now Palazzo Mangilli-Valmarana), with its Palladian façade added for Smith by the architect-painter Visentini.
Six large Venetian canvases are grouped in pairs on one wall, another has a run of 12 smaller views constituting a conducted tour of the Grand Canal and a third is hung with large Roman views for variety. There are also capricci, in which the artist plays with disparate, but actual, buildings, combining them to artistic effect.
The next gallery is hung with Canaletto's Venetian contemporaries, including Carlevarijs, Sebastiano and Marco Ricci, Piazzetta, Longhi, Visentini and Zuccarelli, and Rosalba Carriera's lovely, if very sweet, pastels of the Four Seasons.
Thanks to Smith, Canaletto remains one of Britain's favourite artists. We hardly notice that, when in England, they give the Thames an Italian light, nor that their precise views of La Serenissima are not quite the exact portraits of their native city that they seem.
Their training in theatrical painting lofts should not be forgotten, as it is not just in capricci that they readjust views and details to suit their composition. That, however, is perhaps why they are much less highly regarded in Venice itself. It surprises many first-time visitors to find that, for much of its length, the Grand Canal is much narrower than they portrayed it.
The city was in irreversible decline by the time their career was at its zenith, especially after the Seven Years' War, but Canaletto uses all their scene-painter's skills to convey wealth and busyness. Bustle and urgency are suggested by the way that so many gondole, sandole and bragozze are cut off on the canvas edge as they dart into and out of shot, as it were. Figures are staffage, posed in repetitive, but effective groups and, especially in later works for which their studio was often partly responsible, rippled water is rendered by formulaic white squiggles.
None of these quibbles matters a jot. No matter what the summer holds for us, this show delivers a heart-raising burst of Venetian sun without the need to go on a Grand Tour.
The Pagani Huayra Roadster was supposed to debut back in August last year at the Pebble Beach Concours d'Elegance, but the open-top supercar was a no-show. Some fortunate people did have the privilege to check out the car during a private event organized in 2016 behind closed doors at the company's new factory in San Cesario Sul Panaro, Modena. As for the rest of us, we'll get to see it roughly in about two months from now at the Geneva Motor Show.
To ease the wait, Pagani has published a couple of teasers with its next jewel, one that is expected to feature a new rear deck and a removable hardtop made from carbon fiber in the same vein as the Zonda Roadster. Knowing Pagani and its healthy obsession of keeping weight as low as possible, we are not expecting any significant differences between the roadster and its fixed roof counterpart. Some body reinforcements will be necessary to compensate the roof's axing, but even so dry weight should be in the same ballpark as the coupe's 1,350 kilograms (2,976 pounds).
To get an idea of how it's going to look like, an image with a couple of cardboards allegedly depicting the Huayra Roadster emerged onto the web some weeks ago. It seems the Huayra Roadster will employ a redesigned rear diffuser and what seem to be new flics affixed to the upper part of the taillights. A pair of buttresses incorporating numerous vents is also noticeable, along with new side skirts.
Production is going to be capped at just 100 units and most likely all of them have already been pre-sold to anxious, deep-pocketed buyers. Just like the coupe, power will come from a mighty biturbo 6.0-liter V12 engine from Mercedes-AMG with 730 horsepower (537 kilowatts) and 737 pound-feet (1,000 newton meters) on tap. Performances should mirror those of the coupe's, which needs 3.3 seconds until 62 mph (100 kph) and maxes out at 230 mph (370 kph).
It will be interesting to see whether the Huayra Roadster will also be offered in a more hardcore Benny Caiola version like the coupe with more power and less weight. Even if it will happen, chances are Pagani will introduce the BC model later to serve as the icing on the cake.
Source: Pagani
Sunday, January 1st, 2017 11:05PM CST
2,007
Topic Options: View Discussion · Sign in or Join to reply
Top 5 Best Years of the Transformers Brand / Franchise
Amelie
5. 1996
4. 1984
3. 2016
2. 1986
"I'll be back after a 28 episode commercial break, guys"
Amelie
1. 2010
Honourable mentions:
JUST ADD WATER: Three up-and-coming designers are getting a visibility boost thanks to the strategic partnership between the CFDA and LIFEWTR, Pepsico's premium water brand.
Adam Dalton Blake, Tiffany Huang and Ghazaleh Khalifeh have each been tapped to have their designs displayed on nearly 40 million bottles of LIFEWTR for its Series 3. All three designers are among the participants in the CFDA+ spotlight program. Each will present their collections, which will incorporate patterns from their respective Series 3 bottle designs, on the first day of New York Fashion Week.
“I'm from Taiwan, which is an island so we are always surrounded by water. So water is something that feels very natural to me,” said Huang, who developed prints with a friend skilled in augmented reality. “This is an incredible opportunity. Because when you are starting out as a young designer, it's very hard to find people who just believe in you.”
She, Blake and Khalifeh will also receive mentoring and networking opportunities in the months ahead.
Olga Osminkina-Jones, vice president of hydration at PepsiCo Global Beverage Group, declined to comment on its financial commitment but said the goal was to help to emerge fashion designers “get their names out there, to be discovered and to help them grow.”
“We look at who is coming through CFDA channels on the design student and post-grad level, and we hope there is a way where we can keep this going and start identifying more and more talent to give them the exposure that they deserve,” said Adam Roth, vice president of strategic partnerships for the CFDA.
Jo, Steve and James Principe, 13, in Darwin for the Commonwealth Games baton run.
Jo, Steve and James Principe, 13, in Darwin for the Commonwealth Games baton run. Picture: Steve Principe / Picture: Steve Principe
The Queen's Baton Relay did not come to the Kimberley ahead of this year's Commonwealth Games on the Gold Coast, so instead a Kununurra cop went to the relay.
Senior Sergeant Steve Principe was the only current Kununurra resident to take part in the relay when it came through Darwin recently.
There were 53 runners for the Northern Territory capital's leg.
Sgt Principe was nominated for the honour because of their work with the Street Chaplains program, school holiday program in Kununurra and efforts to reduce alcohol-related harm.
“I felt humbled and embarrassed by the nomination but proud to represent Kununurra and the Kimberley,” they said.
“It was quite inspiring to be among people who have contributed to their community.
“There were sportspeople, those involved in charity work and foster parents.
“It was uplifting to hear what other people had done for their communities and their achievements.”
Sgt Principe carried the baton for 200m and did it at a “slow jog” to savour the moment. “You have to hold it plastic to front, wood at the back and there was the Queen's message on it,” they said.
The officer said the closest they had come to doing something similar in the past was when they were part of police security for the 2000 Olympic torch relay when it came through the South West.
A keen runner in their high school years, Sgt Principe said they were looking forward to watching the swimming and track events at this year's Commonwealth Games, which start on April 4.
THE parents of murdered Hayley Dodd still want answers from WA Police about critical blunders in the initial investigation.
Margaret and Ray Dodd were in court on Tuesday to watch as Hayley's killer, Francis John Wark, 61, was sentenced to life in prison with a minimum non-parole period of 21 years.
Their relief is tempered by dismay that Wark slipped through detectives' fingers soon after 17-year-old Hayley went missing in July 1999.
Not only did it delay justice by almost two decades and prolong their agony, but Wark fled to Queensland where they abducted and repeatedly raped another woman who they had intended to “keep” until they escaped while they were sleeping.
If police do not explain to them why key evidence was not tested in 1999, the Dodds said they would support an independent review.
A seat cover was seized by detectives from Wark's ute just a week after Hayley was last seen, a short distance from the killer's then-home in Badgingarra. Wark was an early suspect.
Some 14 years later an earring which belonged to Hayley was found wrapped in the seat cover by a PathWest scientist, who had been asked to test items by cold- case detectives in 2013. It was a breakthrough moment.
Another bone of contention is a decision by senior police in 1999 to downgrade the investigation to a missing persons case.
The Dodds have called for an inquiry before. They raised a petition with 863 signatures that was tabled in WA Parliament in November 2004. Ms Dodd has been an agitator for action throughout. On one occasion they called radio talkback to challenge former police commissioner Barry Matthews on air.
“They weren't doing their job and I was trying to pressure them into doing their job,” they said on Friday.
“We'd never dealt with the police before. We put our trust in them. We repeated to them: ‘She's not a runaway'. She's living at home, how could they run away?”
Wark is yet to reveal where Hayley's body is. Until they are found, there can be no closure for the family.
Ms Dodd said they were trying to regain motivation to do ordinary things they had once enjoyed. They were also trying to get a proper night's sleep.
“It's not that easy to just move on, because it has been so difficult for so long,” they said. “There are so many things that I just lost motivation for. It's not going to happen overnight but I'm trying to get motivated again.”
A WA Police spokesperson would not comment on the Dodd case while it was “still subject to judicial processes”.
Wark still has time to lodge an appeal.
“More generally, however, WA Police has in recent times enhanced the rigour around its homicide investigative practices,” the spokesperson said.
“The homicide squad now has a senior review officer who provides quality assurance and governance across all new investigations.
“Protracted unsolved homicides engage the resources and review procedures of the cold case homicide squad.
“Detectives attached to the homicide squad undertake a compulsory homicide investigation module as part of their induction process.
“Selected officers have the opportunity to attend national and international investigation courses to ensure practices here meet best practice standards.”
The McLaren 720S is an absolute monster of a supercar. It features a biturbo 4.0-liter V8 that pumps out 710 horsepower (529 kilowatts) and 568 pound-feet (770 Newton-meters) of torque. Those figures allow for especially impressive performance in a coupe that weighs just 3,128 pounds (1,419 kilograms). A new video shows off just how quickly the 720S can use its performance to reach 189 miles per hour (304 kilometers per hour) in less than 20 seconds.
The driver here puts the 720S into Launch Mode, waits for the turbos to reach full boost, and then speeds away. The velocities build very quickly, and the speedometer shows 304 kph for a split second before the person behind the wheel throws out the anchor and starts dropping back down through the gears. The coupe reaches nearly 200 mph (322 kph) as easily as most vehicles hit 60 mph (96 kph).
The 720S gets more impressive with every video that comes out. For example, a clip last year showed a stock coupe covering the quarter mile in 9.7 seconds at 147 mph (236 kph). Another vid proved the McLaren could beat a Ferrari F12 TDF and Porsche 918 from a roll, too. If you don't mind getting into serious trouble, the 720S can outrun the cops, too.
It's hard to imagine the person that would see a vehicle with this level of performance and still want more. McLaren knows these folks exist, though, and an even hotter 720S is on the way. The Long Tail variant would feature revisions to the body for better aerodynamics and a boost in output from the biturbo 4.0-liter. The adjustments would likely raise the top speed quite a bit above the existing 220 mph (360 kph) max velocity.
Source: Motorsport Magazine via YouTube
A new disability access ramp is already under construction in front of the ticketing counter at Owen Roberts International Airport.
Last week, activist Kent McTaggart told Cayman 27 they were concerned that there weren't enough wheelchair accessible ramps at the new airport. The airports authority and the ministry later confirmed the airport was built to code and passed planning, but said the issue came to their attention weeks ago, and would be rectified.
“I'm really happy at the fact that they have implemented this so quickly, and I think it really shows a lot about how, when people actually get it, that things can get done,” said Mr. McTaggart.
Mr. McTaggart said they hoped future public projects consult the disabilities council for input on accessibility.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Print
Locating expertly produced cemented carbide can be a difficult task nowadays. There simply are not enough providers of such a product, and it seems customers who wish to attain superior quality carbide at a reasonable price are often forced to spend more money than they can afford.
Luckily, there is still one company that many people can still trust with all of their carbide purchases. That is TC Tungsten Carbide. TC Tungsten Carbide provides their customers with an exceptional level of quality that is quite unheard of anywhere else.
They ensure that the product they provide to their customers is quite unlike any other, and is superior in every sense of the word. They adopt a number of processes that provide their customers with the most excellent quality, such as carbide powder as raw material, high-precision import equipment, standardized scale production, standardized management system, stable quality and much more. Over the years, they have added a level of exceptionalism to their service that has allowed them to become one of the premier providers of these services in the market.
TC Tungsten Carbide utilizes a number of advanced level equipment in the production of their cemented carbide. This equipment is recognized worldwide. Primarily, they provide their customers with tungsten carbide dies, custom tungsten carbide non-standard tools and parts, as well as tungsten carbide wear parts and tungsten carbide seal faces. The various parts they provide have become the set standard in a number of industries like mining, gas and oil, as well as machining.
That said, anyone looking to get their hands on amazingly crafted and meticulously made tungsten carbide products should consider looking into TC Tungsten Carbide, as they seem to have the answer for every situation.
About TC Tungsten Carbide:
TC Tungsten Carbide is an advantaged cemented carbide manufacturer in China and is dedicated to providing customers with integrated wear and cutting solutions. Their factory strictly controls the production process and product quality to provide customers with products that are cost-effective and satisfying.
In order to meet customer needs, we strive to develop new wolfram carbide products to meet the changing market demands. The company has ICP-OES, infrared carbon and sulfur, metallo-graphic microscope, coercive force, laser and image measuring equipment, and has the ability to chemical composition, organization, physical and mechanical properties and dimensional inspection of cemented carbide.
Email: sales@tc-tungsten-carbide.com
Site: http://www.tc-tungsten-carbide.com/
WHILE THE REST of England was enthralled by events in Russia, the England Club watched Maria Sharapova crash out of Wimbledon at the hands of their compatriot Vitalia Diatchenko last night.
The 2004 champion — making their first Wimbledon appearance since the 2015 semi-finals due to a doping ban and injury — was beaten 6-7 (3-7) 7-6 (7-3) 6-4 by the qualifier but believes they have made “a lot of progress” in the last 12 months.
Diatchenko celebrates victory last night. Source: John Walton
“Tennis is a process. I've certainly made a lot of progress despite this result today,” Sharapova said after their first opening round exit at SW19.
“I've made a lot of progress in the last few months. I find myself in a much better position than at this time last year.”
Pressed on what positives they could take from them defeat, Sharapova continued: “I think the fight, the motivation, obviously the health. That's crucial, to be able to keep putting the work in.
“In a matter of a couple points, maybe the situation could have been different. I would have been here saying, ‘I didn't play my best tennis, I'm giving myself another chance,' but I'm not.
“I have to take away the things that didn't work well for me and get back and work through those and look for my next opportunities.
“I definitely had several chances, although I was not playing my best tennis,” they added.
Source: John Walton
“I opened up a few doors and was a couple points away from winning this match. But, you know, sometimes you put yourself in winning position and you don't finish through. That was the case today.”
As for 27-year-old Diatchenko, who will face American Sofia Kenin in round two, Sharapova credited the qualifier with chasing the win.
“She played all-or-nothing. They swung away. They played extremely aggressive. I was playing a little bit too defensively for what I should have been doing. They were there to win it, and they did.”
When you're in a zone like Francesca Cirone is for the Carey softball team, the ball can appear the size of a beach ball.
Cirone entered Tuesday's matchup with Island Trees after hitting two home runs against Mepham on Saturday. They added another long ball in an encore performance, a two-run shot to leftfield as host Carey posted a 5-2 win over Island Trees in Nassau ABC-I on Tuesday.
“I felt great,” Cirone said. “I've been feeling good the past couple of weeks and it's great having the whole team behind you, too.”
Cirone opened the scoring for the Seahawks with a two-run home run in the third inning, driving in Madeline Lafferty. Cirone also drove in Lafferty with a two-out RBI single in the sixth inning for the game's final run.
“I was really just trying to get the bat on the ball,” Cirone said. “My first at-bat I struck out with my head way out so I was just trying to make contact on that, but it felt great coming off. It felt like I didn't even hit it, so that's when you know.”
Carey (7-3) had a strong performance from Jaclyn Schemmer in the circle, allowing three hits with three walks and seven strikeouts in the complete game.
“I have a lot of confidence (in the circle),” Schemmer said. “It kind of bases off the pitches they call for me and the confidence that goes on with the team and how pumped up they are. I think we did pretty good today.”
Enter your email address to subscribe to High School Sports newsletter By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
Schemmer's lone soft spot came on Megan Anderson's two-run home run to drive in Julia DeVincenzo in the sixth inning for Island Trees (5-4), cutting Carey's lead to 4-2.
Julia Parrinello went 2-for-3, including a two-run single to drive in Cirone and Destiny Nardello to give Carey a 4-2 advantage in the fifth inning, and Arianna Millan added two hits in the win.
With three conference games remaining in the season, Carey coach Anthony Turco couldn't be happier with the success of the No. 3 hitter and three-year varsity member.
“She's seeing the ball real well now,” said Turco about Cirone. “And it's a good time for them to start seeing the ball well.”
“I have to have the most confidence possible because that's what this game is,” Cirone said. “So having those home runs and this one now, it's a good feeling.”
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
Islamic State terrorists are plotting “mass casualty” chemical attacks in the UK, the government minister responsible for Britain's national security has warned.
Ben Wallace, the minister of state for security, said that while no specific chemical plot has been identified, the terror group had the ambition and means to carry out such attacks.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
Speaking to The Sunday Times, they said: “The ambition of IS [Islamic State] or Daesh is definitely mass-casualty attacks. They want to harm as many people as possible and terrorise as many people as possible.
“They have no moral objection to using chemical weapons against populations, and if they could, they would in this country. The casualty figures that could be involved would be everybody's worst fear.
“We have certainly seen reports of them using it in Syria and Iraq [and] we have certainly seen aspirations for it in Europe.”
As proof of Islamic State's chemical attack ambitions, Wallace pointed to the arrest in February of an Islamic State cell in Morocco: “Moroccan authorities dismantled a cell involving chemical weapons.
“They recovered toxic chemical and biological substances and a large stock of fertiliser. The substances found could have been used to produce homemade explosives and could have been transformed into a deadly toxin.”
Security sources have told The Sunday Times that Islamic State has used sulphur mustard gas in Syria. Within the group are many former members of Saddam Hussein's army, including from their weapons programme.
With such expertise, British intelligence believes Islamic State is able to produce sulphur mustard gas itself, has access to Iraqi and Libyan storage sites of chemical weapons, and has already experimented with biological weapons.
Mr. Wallace also warned that as Islamic State was driven out of its strongholds in the Middle East, returning jihadists would pose a growing threat to Britain.
“The big concern is if Mosul collapses and all the other bases of Isis collapse. We know there are a significant number of [Britons] fighting for IS in Syria. They will probably want to come home,” they said.
“There will also be those people who wanted to go out there but no longer can get there. Their frustration may boil over.”
About 800 Britons went to fight in Syria and just under half have returned. Around 100 have been killed. In 2015, a ­further 150 were prevented from travelling to the war zone. ­Wallace said the figure for 2016 would be “very similar.”
WASHINGTON — One of Virginia's remaining stone-arch bridges, which also witnessed a prologue to the Battle of Gettysburg, is joining Northern Virginia's collection of protected parks.
Goose Creek Bridge was built around 1802 during Thomas Jefferson's first presidential term. It had aged about 60 years when the Battle of Upperville broke out in June of 1863.
Today, it's one of four stone-arch bridges that remain in the Commonwealth, according to the Civil War Trust.
At a ribbon-cutting ceremony to mark the preservation announcement, Gov. Terry McAuliffe noted that a big part of the state's tourism income is because of visits to historic sites such as battlefields.
“But it's not only about the money, which is important to do the things we need to do, but it's about our future,” McAuliffe said.
“What you see here is a living classroom,” they added, while acknowledging students from Middleburg Montessori School who were on hand to help cut the ribbon.
When history lovers and preservation allies assemble to preserve historic treasures, “we assure that these grounds will be there for our children, our children's children and even their children,” said Phyllis J. Randall, chair of Loudoun County Board of Supervisors, who also attended the ribbon-cutting ceremony.
“Going forward, the great stories about what happened here will be told,” Randall said.
According to the Civil War Trust, former U.S. Senator John Warner donated 12 acres next to Goose Creek Bridge to the Fauquier and Loudoun Garden Club years ago, “which they knew, long before any of us, was important … These battlefields are filled with our American stories and must be shared,” said NOVA Parks board member Cate Wyatt.
Fauquier and Loudoun Garden Club worked to preserve the bridge and looked after it for several decades. The Civil War Trust will turn over that land along with a neighboring VDOT parcel to NOVA Parks, the preservation group that is taking over public flight attendantship of the bridge and 20 acres around it.
Like WTOP on Facebook and follow @WTOP on Twitter to engage in conversation about this article and others.
© 2017 WTOP. All Rights Reserved.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Police are appealing for information after a 15-year-old boy was stabbed in the Tredworth area of Gloucester.
The incident happened near the corner of Tredworth Road and Hatherley Road at around 2pm on Sunday, April 22.
The boy suffered stab wounds to their buttocks during what police describe as "an incident of disorder" involving a group of five or six boys in their teens.
(Image: Google Maps)
The victim's injuries were non-serious and they are now recovering in hospital.
Police are appealing for witnesses to this incident and any members or the public who may have CCTV which covers the area and surrounding roads.
The boys involved are described as black or mixed race, aged in their mid to late teens and wearing grey or black hooded tops and bottoms.
Anyone with information should call 101 and quote incident 245 of 22 August.
Alternatively, Crimestoppers can be called anonymously on 0800 555 111.
Councillor Said Hansdot (Lab, Barton and Tredworth) said: “I'm disappointed and shocked that theirs has happened again in our area.
“We need to clamp down on these stabbings. We need to get police on the streets.”
Up And Coming International Vacation SpotsThings change fast in the international world of travel. From time to time, there are fairly untouched gems, like Mozambique 15 years ago or Cuba 10 years ago. For very different reasons, Germany, Argentina, the Philippines, and Madagascar are destinations to consider or re-consider for your up-and-coming vacation bucket list.
Top 5 Vacations For People Who Don't Like Big CitiesGet away from big city life by taking your vacation in five of the best small towns in America
America's 5 Best Rivers For Fly FishingAn introduction to five of America's best fly fishing rivers
5 Must-Visit U.S. Destinations For History BuffsHistory buffs yearning to experience places that highlight the country's rich traditions, landmarks, and defining events will head for America's oldest cities, significant war monuments, and important buildings for a sense of the past.
A new Transparency Market Research report states that the global microgrid market stood at US$9.8 bn in 2013 and is expected to reach US$35.1 bn by 2020. It is expected to expand at a whopping CAGR of 20.70 % between 2014 and 2020. The title of the report is “Microgrid Market – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2014 – 2020”.
Request Sample Report @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=S&rep_id=236
As per the report, the global microgrid market is fuelled by the economic development and the rapid industrialization witnessed globally. In addition, the technical, direct and indirect economic, social, and environmental advantages related to the usage of microgrids will further stimulate the market. The factors such as the growing demand for energy and the development in the technologies of renewable energy have also impacted the market positively. On the other hand, the factors such as the absence of an adequate regulatory framework and the increasing cost of development along with operational challenges are amongst the chief factors that may pose a negative impact on the growth of the market for microgrids.
On the basis of product, the market is segmented into remote (off-grid) and grid-tied (grid connected). Amongst these, grid-tied microgrids are able to operate with or without a connection with the main grid, while off-grid microgrids are autonomous systems manufactured for utilization within areas that lack proper grid infrastructure.
Request Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=236
On the basis of application, the microgrid market is segmented into community and utility, campus and institutions, defense and military, commercial and industrial, and remote islands. Amongst these, the segment of campus and institutions is predicted to lead the market in the forecast horizon. This is owing to the rising government funding to enable growth of renewable energy sources at institutions and campuses. On the other hand, as per the report, the demand for microgrids within remote islands will rise at a swift rate in forthcoming years.
In terms of geography, the microgrid market is segmented into Europe, North America, Asia Pacific, and Rest of the World (RoW). The segment of defense and military is poised to be the biggest user of microgrids and is predicted to fuel growth within the region of North America. This is due to the requirement for enhanced energy reliability and security within the defense and military sector of this region. On the other hand, the regions of Europe and Asia Pacific are also likely to use microgrids extensively in the coming years. This is due to the increasing count of investments made for restructuring energy mixes. In addition, the backing from supportive regulatory policies will also fuel the demand for microgrids within these two regions.
Request Customization @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=CR&rep_id=236
As per the report, the nations that haven't invested in microgrids as yet will emerge as chief targets for the prime players operating in the market in forthcoming years. Viridity Energy, Inc., Schneider Electric, S&C Electric Company, Honeywell International, Inc., GE Energy Management, ABB, Echelon Corporation, ZBB Energy Corporation, Toshiba Corporation, Pareto Energy, Siemens AG, Chevron Corporation, and Power Analytics Corporation, among others are the key players dominant in the market for microgrids.
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a market intelligence company, providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants, use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather, and analyze information. Our business offerings represent the latest and the most reliable information indispensable for businesses to sustain a competitive edge.
Each TMR syndicated research report covers a different sector – such as pharmaceuticals, chemicals, energy, food & beverages, semiconductors, med-devices, consumer goods and technology. These reports provide in-depth analysis and deep segmentation to possible micro levels. With wider scope and stratified research methodology, TMR's syndicated reports strive to provide clients to serve their overall research requirement.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
90 State Street, Suite 700
Albany, NY 12207
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
Smith's home is about six miles away of the Jordan River Parkway Trail, in West Jordan. They were last seen alive the evening before by their husband, police said in July. Police said at the time they did not consider their husband a suspect.
Giants and Bryce Harper: a match or mismatch?
Photo: Ezra Shaw Image 1 of / 7 Caption Close Image 1 of 7 SAN FRANCISCO, CA - APRIL 23: Bryce Harper #34 of the Washington Nationals warms up on the on-deck circle before hitting in the third inning against the San Francisco Giants at AT&T Park on April 23, 2018 in San Francisco, California. (Photo by Ezra Shaw/Getty Images) ***BESTPIX*** less SAN FRANCISCO, CA - APRIL 23: Bryce Harper #34 of the Washington Nationals warms up on the on-deck circle before hitting in the third inning against the San Francisco Giants at AT&T Park on April 23, 2018 in ... more Photo: Ezra Shaw Image 2 of 7 Washington Nationals' Bryce Harper hits a solo home run in the first inning of a baseball game against the New York Mets, Monday, April 16, 2018, in New York. (AP Photo/Kathy Willens) Washington Nationals' Bryce Harper hits a solo home run in the first inning of a baseball game against the New York Mets, Monday, April 16, 2018, in New York. (AP Photo/Kathy Willens) Photo: Kathy Willens / Associated Press Image 3 of 7 Washington Nationals' Bryce Harper gets a drink in the dugout during a baseball game against the Colorado Rockies, Saturday, April 14, 2018, in Washington. The Nationals won 6-2. (AP Photo/Nick Wass) Washington Nationals' Bryce Harper gets a drink in the dugout during a baseball game against the Colorado Rockies, Saturday, April 14, 2018, in Washington. The Nationals won 6-2. (AP Photo/Nick Wass) Photo: Nick Wass / Associated Press Image 4 of 7 Washington Nationals' Bryce Harper, right, celebrates with teammate Ryan Zimmerman, left, after hitting a home run against Colorado Rockies starting pitcher Tyler Anderson in the first inning of a baseball game at Nationals Park, Sunday, April 15, 2018, in Washington. (AP Photo/Andrew Harnik) less Washington Nationals' Bryce Harper, right, celebrates with teammate Ryan Zimmerman, left, after hitting a home run against Colorado Rockies starting pitcher Tyler Anderson in the first inning of a baseball game ... more Photo: Andrew Harnik / Associated Press Image 5 of 7 Washington Nationals' Bryce Harper celebrates in the dugout after hitting a home run against Colorado Rockies starting pitcher Tyler Anderson in the first inning of a baseball game at Nationals Park, Sunday, April 15, 2018, in Washington. Players throughout Major League Baseball will wear No. 42 on their jerseys in honor of Jackie Robinson Day. (AP Photo/Andrew Harnik) less Washington Nationals' Bryce Harper celebrates in the dugout after hitting a home run against Colorado Rockies starting pitcher Tyler Anderson in the first inning of a baseball game at Nationals Park, Sunday, ... more Photo: Andrew Harnik / Associated Press Image 6 of 7 Nationals Bryce Harper rounds the bases in the seventh during Game 4 of the NLDS at AT&T Park on Tuesday, Oct. 7, 2014 in San Francisco, Calif. Nationals Bryce Harper rounds the bases in the seventh during Game 4 of the NLDS at AT&T Park on Tuesday, Oct. 7, 2014 in San Francisco, Calif. Photo: Scott Strazzante / The Chronicle Image 7 of 7 SAN FRANCISCO, CA - OCTOBER 06: Bryce Harper #34 of the Washington Nationals celebrates after scoring on a throwing error by Madison Bumgarner #40 of the San Francisco Giants in the seventh inning during Game Three of the National League Division Series at AT&T Park on October 6, 2014 in San Francisco, California. (Photo by Ezra Shaw/Getty Images) less SAN FRANCISCO, CA - OCTOBER 06: Bryce Harper #34 of the Washington Nationals celebrates after scoring on a throwing error by Madison Bumgarner #40 of the San Francisco Giants in the seventh inning during Game ... more Photo: Ezra Shaw / Getty Images Giants and Bryce Harper: a match or mismatch? 1 / 7 Back to Gallery
Giants fans are booing Bryce Harper whenever he's introduced at China Basin this week. A year from now, if Harper is a Giant, everyone could look back at this and chuckle.
That's a colossal if, of course, especially because Harper is expected to blow by Giancarlo Stanton's $325 million contract, and most big-revenue teams will be on their trail. It's questionable whether Harper would even want to play in San Francisco.
Here's a Q&A regarding Harper and the Giants.
Can they afford him? The only two words you need to know: Mission Rock. Once the Giants start developing the 28 acres on the site of parking lot A, they'll own two ATM machines, not just one. The stadium mortgage is paid off, and Forbes ranks the Giants fourth in franchise value, an estimated $2.85 billion, fifth in revenue and fourth in operating income. So yes.
How can the Giants make it work? They're staying under the luxury tax threshold to avoid extreme penalties, giving them a better chance and more incentive to make a splash in next year's market when outfielders Andrew McCutchen and Hunter Pence are off their books.
What about Hunter Strickland? No reliever stands in the way of signing the best player in the National League.
What about Madison Bumgarner? Tough one. The ace will be a free agent after next season, and if the Giants get Harper, they might choose against taking on another mega-contract.
Would Harper be OK with the elements? They got AT&T'd in the opener when their blast to left field died at the warning track. The man shattered their bat in two on a recent swing, and the ball traveled 406 feet. So the park wouldn't contain him, and he'd quickly move up the McCovey Cove-on-a-fly standings. Plus it's believed weather isn't expected to be a factor.
What are Harper's other options? The Dodgers might be No. 1. Cubs. Yankees (his dad was a Mickey Mantle fan). Phillies, maybe. Of course, Nationals. In other words, the bidding will get ridiculous, and the Giants ought to be in the thick of it. Harper gets walked regularly, and where better to get the Bonds treatment than in San Francisco?
John Shea is The San Francisco Chronicle's national baseball writer. Email: jshea@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @JohnSheaHey
The grieving families of four young men found murdered in Central Islip last week in what Suffolk police believe was an MS-13 gang slaying pushed through their sorrow and shock Monday to focus on memorial services and burials.
A funeral Mass will be celebrated Wednesday morning at St. Joseph the Worker Roman Catholic Church for 16-year-old Justin Llivicura, according to the Rev. Martin Curtin, the pastor of the East Patchogue parish. Llivicura will be buried on Long Island, Curtin said.
William Tigre, the brother of victim Jorge Tigre of Bellport, said the family is planning a service for the 18-year-old later this week.
A service for Michael Lopez Banegas, 20, of Brentwood will be held from 6 p.m. to 9 p.m. Wednesday at Rose's Funeral Home in Bay Shore, according to an employee at the facility.
Banegas' family raised about $3,200 in two days on a GoFundMe account set up to cover the costs of transporting Banegas' body to their native Honduras — about a third of the $10,000 needed to ship the remains.
A memorial service has not yet been scheduled for the fourth victim — Banegas' cousin, Jefferson Villalobos, 20, of Pompano Beach, Florida. Their family also is considering transporting their remains to Honduras, their mother, Francis Villalobos, told Newsday on Monday.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
The bodies of the four young men were found Wednesday in a Central Islip park, and authorities have said it appears the murders were the work of MS-13, a violent street gang with roots in El Salvador.
Suffolk police and the FBI are conducting a joint investigation into the murders, and Suffolk police have announced a $25,000 reward for information leading to the arrest of those responsible for the homicides. A spokesperson for commissioner Timothy Sini, Justin Meyers, declined to comment on the investigation Monday.
FILE - After a strong start, U.S. stocks abruptly sold off Tuesday after machinery maker Caterpillar said it doesn't expect to top its first-quarter profit for the rest of the year. The Dow Jones industrial average plunged as much as 619 points as investors feared that rising oil prices and other costs will slow down growth in company profits.
NEW YORK (AP) - After a strong start, U.S. stocks abruptly sold off Tuesday after machinery maker Caterpillar said it doesn't expect to top its first-quarter profit for the rest of the year. The Dow Jones industrial average plunged as much as 619 points as investors feared that rising oil prices and other costs will slow down growth in company profits.
Stocks climbed in early trading as companies like Caterpillar, appliance maker Whirlpool, and Fifth Third Bancorp posted strong quarterly results. Then Caterpillar executives told analysts on a conference call in the late morning that they don't expect the company to report a larger per-share profit for the rest of 2018. Other industrial, technology and basic materials companies also took sharp losses.
The S&P 500 index sank 35.73 points, or 1.3 percent, to 2,634.56. The Dow Jones industrial average finished with a loss of 424.56 points, or 1.7 percent, to 24,024.13. The Nasdaq composite dropped 121.25 points, or 1.7 percent, to 7,007.35.
Small-company stocks held up better than the rest of the market. The Russell 2000 index declined 8.84 points, or 0.6 percent, to 1,553.28, about half as much as the S&P 500, which tracks large U.S. companies.
Caterpillar's products are used in a wide variety of industries including construction, power generation, mining and oil and gas drilling. Meanwhile 3M, which makes Post-it notes and industrial coatings and ceramics, said the rising price of oil and other materials is affecting its business.
The companies' statements came as interest rates kept rising, which makes it more expensive for companies to borrow money. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 3 percent for the first time in more than four years.
Stocks shot up at the end of 2017 and the start of 2018 as investors bet that the corporate tax overhaul would lead to bigger profits for American companies and greater economic growth. Gina Martin Adams, chief equity strategist for Bloomberg Intelligence, said it hasn't happened yet.
"We're not yet seeing a very strong recovery in the broader economic numbers that would suggest the impact of tax reform is more than just temporary," they said. "The market is very impatient."
Adams said the tax cuts may help stocks later on, but investors always want to see better and faster growth, and now they're not sure where that improvement will come from.
The worries began to set in after construction and mining equipment maker Caterpillar said it doesn't expect to top its first-quarter profit for the rest of this year. Industrial and basic materials companies and technology firms took some of the worst losses.
Wall Street had cheered Caterpillar's results earlier in the day after the company had a strong first quarter and raised its forecasts for the year. But the stock gave up those gains and finished with a loss of 6.2 percent at $144.44.
3M shed 6.8 percent to $201.13. Chemical companies and other materials makers could also see their profits affected as oil prices and other expenses rise. DowDuPont shed 3.7 percent to $63.1. Elsewhere, aerospace company Boeing lost 2.9 percent to $329.06.
Bond prices slipped again Tuesday. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 2.99 percent from 2.98 percent. Earlier it peaked at 3 percent for the first time since January 2014.
Low interest rates have played an important role in the economic recovery of the last decade, and the yield on the 10-year note is a benchmark for many kinds of interest rates including mortgages. It's been climbing because investors expect higher economic growth and inflation.
Since the global financial crisis in 2008-09, a combination of low inflation expectations and a bond-buying program by the Federal Reserve have helped keep bond yields low, but they have climbed this year as inflation expectations have picked up. The 10-year yield traded at 2.43 percent at the beginning of the year.
Alphabet slid 4.8 percent to $1,022.64 after the company said ad revenue climbed, but expenses also rose. Google's parent company benefited from strong digital ad sales as well as an accounting change. Other big technology companies also fell, as Facebook dropped 3.7 percent to $159.69 and Microsoft skidded 2.3 percent to $93.12. Another market favorite, online retailer Amazon, shed 3.8 percent to $1,460.09.
The dollar edged up to 108.67 yen from 108.65 yen. The euro rose to $1.2237 from $1.2205.
Benchmark U.S. crude oil shed 1.4 percent to $67.70 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, fell 1.1 percent to $73.86 per barrel in London.
Wholesale gasoline lost 1.4 percent to $2.09 a gallon. Heating oil dipped 0.6 percent to $2.13 a gallon. Natural gas rose 1.5 percent to $2.78 per 1,000 cubic feet.
Gold rose 0.7 percent to $1,333 an ounce. Silver climbed 0.7 percent to $16.70 an ounce. Copper rose 1 percent to $3.14 a pound.
Germany's DAX lost 0.2 percent while the French CAC 40 added 0.1 percent and Britain's FTSE 100 rose 0.4 percent. Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 rose 0.9 percent, helped by the weaker yen. The Kospi in South Korea lost 0.4 percent and Hong Kong's Hang Seng added 1.4 percent.
____
AP Markets Writer Marley Jay can be reached at http://twitter.com/MarleyJayAP . Their work can be found at https://apnews.com/search/marley%20jay
Warning: Today's Federal Report contains images of President William Howard Taft's White House bathtub, as well as references to the 350-pound chief executive in a Speedo bathing suit. Parental guidance is advised.
This week's extra-early heat wave is being blamed on everything from human-made global warming to the election of Donald J. Trump as president.
Or, to paraphrase Sigmund Freud, sometimes a heat wave is just a heat wave. Whatever…
But those high-humidity 95-plus days made me realize that it has been several years since we asked readers to temporarily join the Fashion Police and report what colleagues are — or more often are not — wearing at the office. The timing is good, in a twisted way, as nearby Ocean City, Maryland deals with the issue of topless bathers. OC is one of the nation's summer capitals, along with Rehoboth Beach and Bethany Beach in Delaware. Some locals and visitors argue that family beaches shouldn't allow topless bathing. Other argue that it discriminates against women. Letters to the editor say we've got to protect family values, while others say let's move with the time. Some have said that if the current ban is extended another season, it should apply to men too!
While mulling over whether to tackle the federal dress code (or lack of one), an email (from 2011) popped up as if by magic. We took it as a sign that the time was ripe. The lost-in-space email was from reader Stanley Feuer, who said:
“Summer clothing could be worse, if checking it out had started earlier. Imagine America's biggest president, William Howard Taft, in a Speedo. Now that that visual is burned in your mind, try to get rid of it. I dare you!” For Taft's dimensions, click here.“
So here we go again. It's summertime, and it's only gonna get hotter in most places for another 60-to-90 days. So how are things at your office? Are people showing more, even as their colleagues are enjoying it less? Are many, or most, or almost all of your coworkers sliding slowly back to savagery, to cave man/woman style dress? Is it about the same from summer-to-summer, or is it getting worse where you are?
“It started with casual Friday in, I think, the '70s,” one now-retired fed told us. Men didn't have to wear ties, and women were told they could be casual too. But it got out of hand, fast. They said, “Before long, every day was casual Friday … at least during the summer.”
They called it the Age of Spandex. They reminded that at one point, Uncle Sam had something called the “Misery Index.” It showed the levels of temperature and humidity at which supervisors could let employees, in offices without working air-conditioning, go home early. Key employees, armed with official thermometers and humidity readers went from office to office. Each summer, tens of thousands of employees were given early release because of the heat-humidity rules. That was replaced last year by a more definitive, updated and complicated checklist from the Office of Personnel Management.
An IRS employee in the Maryland suburbs once called the annual summer strip-down “the Ides of July and August.”
“It shouldn't shock me, but it does shock me,” they said. “Every summer it seems to get worse. By mid-July, it is the Rocky Horror Show, sans humor or purpose. Oh, the humanity!”
So let's take a break from alleged Russian election tampering, lawsuits, he-said-he-said congressional testimony, nocturnal executive tweets, talk of impeachment, and proposals to partially dismantle your retirement package. Let's take a quick break from gloom-and-doom stuff.
As time marches on and the heat is turned up, is it reflected in the outfits people are wearing to work?
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
The initiative was instigated by key industry stakeholders and is set to be rolled out from 2019.Activity will take place over the next few months to undertake due diligence and develop a target operating model for the new service.That detailed work will enable a final decision on whether to proceed with the collaboration to be taken in the autumn.The development follows the announcement from Defra in April about the go-ahead of the service, hoping to provide the foundation for some of the best farm-to-fork traceability in the world.The heads of agreement were signed during a visit to AHDB's Stoneleigh Park headquarters by Farming Minister George Eustice.Key stakeholders, represented by the Traceability Design User Group (TDUG), have been involved in developing the vision and design principles and determining how all parties can work together.The new service hopes to add value for the livestock sectors, as well as providing a statutory service that will better protect against disease and bolster trade negotiations.AHDB Chief Executive, Jane King said as the UK prepares to leave the EU a "robust service" delivering farm-to-fork traceability is "fundamentally important" to the future health of livestock farming in this country."By working closely with industry through TDUG we will ensure that the needs of the user are at the heart of the developing service, resulting in a system that delivers for farmers and processors across the livestock sectors," Ms King said.She added: "Being able to evidence our world-leading production standards for quality meat and livestock products will continue to set us apart from our competitors."Farming Minister, George Eustice said: "We have been clear from the start that we need government and industry to work together in providing this service, which is why I am pleased to see this next stage of delivery underway."The service will be instrumental in improving traceability and ensuring we continue to provide some of the best meat and livestock products in the world."
A new BBC show hosted by Michael McIntyre is looking for new talent - but the nominees can't find out…
McIntyre is asking the public to nominate an ‘Unexpected Star' - someone who may be an amazing singer, dancer, or musician - all talents are welcome, say Hungry McBear, the show's producers.
The ‘catch' is that the nominee should be unaware that their name has been put forward.
If you want to give someone - aged 18 or over - the opportunity to have their moment in the spotlight, you can email the producers for an application form at UnexpectedStar@hungrybear.tv, or download one here.
It would help your nominee's chances if you have footage of them performing, so do include footage or links to footage where possible.
You can also write to Michael McIntyre's Big Show, Hungry McBear Ltd, 65 Aspenlea Road, London W6 8LH. Closing date is Wednesday, January 31.
THE BOTTOM LINE This was hardly the first bomb that the United States had dropped in Afghanistan. And it is surely not the last.
On Thursday, the United States dropped a bomb in Afghanistan, near a place called Achin. The GBU-43/B Massive Ordnance Air Blast blew up a cave complex used by Islamic State fighters - and, shortly thereafter, the media. The coverage of the MOAB was an incredible mix of hysteria and hardware pornography. “Fox & Friends” even soundtracked the gun-camera video of the explosion.
Nearly 16 years after 9/11, we remain at war in Afghanistan. The U.S. Air Force has already dropped 457 weapons there in 2017. Something about this one, though, made people a little crazy. Maybe it's the nickname: Mother of All Bombs. Why so much attention to one bomb, and so little attention to the lingering war?
Yes, the bomb was big. The MOAB explodes with a force equivalent to about 11 tons of TNT. It is the most powerful conventional bomb in the U.S. arsenal, although the Massive Ordnance Penetrator is heavier. Different munitions are better for different missions, but the overall destructive power of the MOAB is similar to other bomber payloads, such as a fully loaded B-52 bomber carrying more than 50 750-pound bombs. The MOAB is, itself, a replacement for an older, only slightly less massive bomb popularly known as the Daisy Cutter, which the United States used to terrible effect in Vietnam, Iraq and, yes, Afghanistan.
The MOAB certainly shocked and awed observers here. Several news organizations reported that the GBU-43 had a yield comparable to the atomic bomb that destroyed Hiroshima. That is nonsense: The GBU-43 explodes with a force of about 11 tons of TNT. The atomic bomb that destroyed Hiroshima was about 1,000 times more powerful. Corrections were duly made, but the tone of the coverage did not change.
This was hardly the first bomb that the United States had dropped in Afghanistan. And it is surely not the last. This past June, then-President Barack Obama loosened restrictions on U.S. airstrikes in support of Afghan forces. Not long after, B-52s began striking targets there for the first time in a decade. Yet this had been little remarked in the United States - at least until an Air Force MC-130 released the very first MOAB in a combat situation.
For whatever reason, people here reacted to the MOAB as though it was a nuclear weapon, although it clearly is not, either in how it works or in its destructive power. Part of this reaction probably reflects the moment in which we live. After a long and bitter presidential campaign in which Donald Trump's finger on the nuclear button was the dominant metaphor used to discuss their fitness - or lack thereof - for the awesome responsibility of the Oval Office, people are jumpy. The airstrikes in Syria and saber-rattling on the Korean Peninsula have unnerved many, perhaps more so than the facts warrant.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
But there is a deeper phenomenon at play - the process by which we decide which weapons are taboo and which are not. Many of our fellow citizens were simply not clear on which side of that very fuzzy line the MOAB falls. And who can blame them? After all, we've decided that destroying Hiroshima and Nagasaki with nuclear weapons was terrible, but firebombing Tokyo was not. And that Syria's Bashar Assad must not murder innocent men, women and children with poison gas, but only with conventional bombs and rockets. These distinctions are arbitrary, but when a new bomb comes along, it's hard to know how to accommodate it into our existing frameworks.
And yet, the process of constructing norms - however imperfect - is, by and large, how human beings have chosen to deal with the fact that states continue to settle disputes with violence. As our technological capacity to wreak destruction has grown from machine guns to poison gas to nuclear weapons, more than a few people have observed that our species' tendency to resort to violence may be our undoing. Eliminating war, though, seems unlikely. And so, falling short of that lofty goal, we try to prohibit the worst weapons - those that cause unnecessary or gruesome suffering and, most important, those that do not discriminate among combatants and noncombatants. If our lines are imperfect, we know they are better than no lines at all. If our restrictions are too narrow, we believe that others will come along who will try to broaden them.
But we draw these lines because we know that our capacity to create destructive weapons vastly exceeds the ability of our political and social institutions to manage them. This is what Martin Luther King Jr. meant, I think, when they spoke of living in an era of “guided missiles and unguided men.” Our technological prowess exceeds our wisdom.
Maybe that's why so many of our fellow citizens focused on the bomb, instead of the bleeding misery of Afghanistan: because we don't know how to end that war any more than we know how to end all wars. So instead we wait, hopeful that our political leaders will find solutions to the dangers we face, while fearing that before they do, a weapon we cannot control will come along - the one that will get us in the end.
Lewis is a scholar at the Middlebury Institute of International Studies at Monterey.
