The 11th annual World Science Festival kicks off on Tuesday in New York City and runs through June 3, with six days of science-related activities for kids and adults.
Scores of events include, for instance, Lab Tours for Girls, during which girls will be invited into the female-run labs at Columbia University, the NYU Tandon School of Engineering and more; City of Science, a hands-on fair filled with science activities; “Cool Jobs: Savage Careers in Science That'll Blow Your Mind;” and “Saturday Night Lights: Stargazing in Brooklyn Bridge Park.”
“The point is really to get people excited about science,” says Jen Gherardi, who does communications outreach for the festival. The event connects the public with high-level scientists, they say.
Many activities are free; others require purchasing tickets. For more information, tickets and a complete schedule of family-oriented events, visit worldsciencefestival.com/festival/world-science-festival-2018/ and search for youth and family.
Two police officers were shot and critically wounded Tuesday in Dallas, police said.
The suspect has not been captured, reports TV station WFAA.
A civilian was also shot, but police said the person's condition was unknown.
The incident happened as the officers helped a security guard "responding to an incident" at a Home Depot store, WFAA says.
A nearby stop on the regional DART train would not allow passengers on or off, according to the Dallas Morning News, citing a DART spokesperson. The paper said officers are looking for the suspect in a wooded area behind the store.
This is a breaking news story. This post will be updated.
Cancer survivors begin their lap of the Relay for Life Track at the Salmon Arm Fairgrounds on June 10, 2017. (Jim Elliot/Salmon Arm Observer)
On June 9, the Salmon Arm branch of the Canadian Cancer Society will be going back to the all-nighter, as they host their annual Relay For Life at the Salmon Arm Fairgrounds.
As part of a nation-wide fundraising initiative by the Canadian Cancer Society, teams work beforehand to raise funds which will go towards cancer research and treatment in Canada.
The 2018 Relay For Life will make a return to its roots in a way, being held once again as an overnight event, running from 7 p.m. to 7 a.m. Aside from keeping participants out of the hot summer sun for 12 straight hours, Jen Dies, manager of the Salmon Arm branch of the Canadian Cancer Society, says there is a more symbolic reason for holding the relay overnight.
“The point is to emulate a cancer journey,” they say. “The darkness represents the struggle, and in the morning when the sun comes up that represents hope.”
Related: Relay Harnesses Generosity
Dies has come full circle in their involvement with the Canadian Cancer Society, saying “I started with this event as a participant, and the event experience that night was so amazing my husband and my kids and myself volunteered. Just going to that event that night changed my whole course, now I've been an employee for 10 years.”
They say it is inspiring to see the community rally behind the relay each year, both as participants and volunteers, work to achieve their goal of raising funds to support cancer research. They also note it is uplifting to see those who are struggling with cancer support each other and pass on positive messages to others.
“There is so much survivorship present, if you are just beginning your diagnosis and you come to our opening ceremonies and see the years of survivorship there, it really is amazing,” they say. “It gives them hope. We have some people there who have been survivors for 25, 30 years, so for someone who was just diagnosed… that's pretty powerful to see.”
Related: Canadian Cancer Society celebrates 80 years in Salmon Arm
In the evening, at 9:30 p.m. right as the sun is falling low, teams and volunteers will light a long stretch of luminaries stretching along the relay path. These small bags, filled with candles and inscribed with messages of hope and inspiration, will be the light relay runners have to guide them on their way.
Dies says these luminaries represent the help and support of family members, friends and volunteers who support those dealing with cancer in their lives. They are also a part of the event's fundraising efforts and can be purchased online. The luminary can be personalized with an inspiring message or dedicated to friend or family member.
Over the course of the evening relay runners will be kept company and pushed to keep going by volunteers, along with live entertainment in the form of local musicians including a family of players who call themselves the Juke Box Band.
Salmon Arm's Relay For Life is still open for participants, volunteers and supporters to join. Information on how to register or volunteer can be found on the Salmon Arm Relay For Life website.
@Jodi_Brak117
jodi.brak@saobserver.net
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
By The Associated Press
BC-BKW–T25-Kentucky-Miami Box
MIAMI 65, NO. 20 KENTUCKY 54
KENTUCKY (8-3)
Wyatt 2-8 0-0 6, Rice 4-8 3-4 11, Cann 0-6 1-2 1, Morris 7-22 2-2 18, Murray 3-8 1-2 8, McKinney 0-1 0-0 0, Harrison 1-3 0-0 2, Hardin 0-0 0-0 0, Paschal 1-3 2-2 4, Roach 2-4 0-0 4, Totals 20-63 9-12 54.
MIAMI (6-3)
Bailey 4-8 2-5 11, Davenport 5-7 2-4 12, Hof 3-7 2-4 8, Banks 5-9 3-6 13, Gray 3-12 6-8 12, Harris 0-1 0-0 0, Geldof 0-0 0-0 0, Marshall 4-11 0-1 9, Mason 0-4 0-0 0, Petithomme 0-1 0-0 0, Totals 24-60 15-28 65.
Kentucky 18 12 18 6 —54 Miami 14 9 28 14 —65
3-Point Goals_Kentucky 5-19 (Wyatt 2-4, Cann 0-4, Morris 2-8, Murray 1-1, Paschal 0-1, Roach 0-1), Miami 2-15 (Bailey 1-2, Banks 0-1, Gray 0-4, Marshall 1-6, Mason 0-1, Petithomme 0-1). Assists_Kentucky 6 (Cann 2), Miami 15 (Banks 8). Fouled Out_Kentucky Rice, Cann, Rebounds_Kentucky 41 (Rice 12), Miami 43 (Davenport 12). Total Fouls_Kentucky 25, Miami 17. A_868.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Milan: Italian football federation (FIGC) chiefs on Tuesday confirmed talks had taken place with Carlo Ancelotti concerning the vacant Italy coaching job but insisted there was no front-runner yet.
Ancelotti, who was sacked by Bayern Munich last September, met with FIGC commissioner Roberto Fabbricini and sub-commissioner Alessandro Costacurta in a Rome hotel on Monday.
It was reported the 58-year-old has been offered a two-year contract, with the only sticking point financial terms which would be less lucrative than their previous deal with the German champions.
But Fabbricini insisted the meeting was not an official one. "Ancelotti has a fairly serious family problem, and that's why they were in Rome," Fabbricini told Italian radio.
"Costacurta, having a strong friendship with Ancelotti, met them and I also took part in that meeting.
"We talked about a future scenario though, but we still have a coach (Luigi Di Biagio) under contract.
"I don't think a coach can a priori rule out a prestigious job like leading Italy. The Azzurri bench is always an objective for any coach.
- May 20 deadline -
"But of course there are other factors which affect the decision - the desire to work every day for example.
"No-one is in pole, we want to respect the date of May 20 because the national team will play on May 28 (friendly against Saudi Arabia)."
Italy have been without a permanent coach since Gian Piero Ventura was sacked after the four-time champions failed to qualify for the World Cup for the first time in 60 years after losing to Sweden in a two-legged playoff in November.
Costacurta -- who was coached by Ancelotti at AC Milan in the 1980s -- was appointed to find a successor to Ventura and insisted the deadline remained May 20.
Among the other names being touted are Zenit St Petersburg coach Roberto Mancini, Chelsea boss Antonio Conte and former Leicester coach Claudio Ranieri, now in charge of French club Nantes.
"Carlo was in Rome for personal reasons, the chosen hotel was the one where I always stay myself and we found ourselves there at the same time," Costacurta told Sky Sport Italia.
"We didn't talk about the Italy bench, we only joked about the opportunity, we could not talk about the programme and the financial part. We are loyal to the rules.
"If there will be an official meeting? Yes, but I still do not know when. We need people to make themselves available, we can't get close to contracted coaches."
Ancelotti, who has also managed Chelsea, Real Madrid, AC Milan, Juventus, Roma and Paris Saint-Germain, has three Champions League titles to their name as a coach. They have also won the league in Italy, France, Germany and England.
The FIGC budget for a new coach and their staff is five million euros ($6.1 million) per year, which would be a big drop from the reported 12 million euros plus bonuses that Ancelotti earned at Bayern Munich.
Ancelotti joined Bayern in 2016 and won the Bundesliga title in their first season but was sacked following a 3-0 defeat to Paris Saint-Germain in the Champions League.
Costacurta was reported to have offered Ancelotti, who has also been linked with former club Chelsea and the soon-to-be-vacant manager's job at Arsenal, a free hand in choosing their staff.
Ancelotti's son Davide, who was their assistant at Bayern, could play a role as well as former stars such as Andrea Pirlo, Gianluigi Buffon and Paolo Maldini. Italy's under-21 coach Di Biagio has been filling the position on an interim basis.
By The Associated Press
RICHMOND, Va. (AP) — A group supporting the preservation of confederate monuments in Virginia's capital city wants to hold a rally next month.
Department of General Services Spokeswoman Dena Potter says it's reviewing a request from Americans for Richmond Monument Preservation for a permit to hold an event at the Robert E. Lee monument on Sep. 16.
The request was submitted by Bradgon Bowling, former commander of the Sons of Confederate Veterans, Virginia division.
Bowling says the Sons of Confederate Veterans aren't involved and that the request was submitted weeks before the Charlottesville rally. Bowling says they're “not racists” but “citizens of Richmond who care about the monuments.”
Mayor Levar Stoney recently announced they think the monuments should stay but appointed a group to study ways to add historical context or new statues.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
BARRIE, Ont. — GO Transit says a fatality near its Barrie South station has halted train service in the area.
The agency says police are at the scene and trains will not be able to move until given the green light by investigators.
It says that could take a few hours.
Metrolinx spokesperson Anne Marie Aikins says GO Transit is working with first responders to restore full service as fast as possible.
The notion that Soros had Nazi ties has been proven false over and over and over. But it remains popular with their critics on the extreme right, many of whom view Soros — who is known for funding Democratic candidates and liberal causes — as a sort of left-wing boogeyman with an outsize influence in American government.
Introduction of vehicular internet connectivity has triggered the rate of adoption for IoT fleet management. IoT fleet management includes various solutions such as vehicle tracking & monitoring, fleet analytics, fuel management, predictive maintenance, remote diagnostics, and driver performance tracking & monitoring. These solutions enable fleet operators to not only increase their operational efficiency but also assist them in reducing expenses.
For the IoT technology to work successfully, seamless connectivity is one of the most important prerequisites. Presence of strong wireless connectivity infrastructure in regions such as North America and Europe has facilitated the widespread adoption of IoT fleet management. Hence, it is anticipated that these regional markets will witness remarkable growth in coming years. Additionally, domicile of prominent IoT technology companies such as AT&T, Cisco Systems, Inc., Intel Corporation, Verizon, and IBM is estimated to foster the growth prospects for the market.
While rising number of IoT devices are stoking market growth, there has also been significant concerns over data privacy and security. As there has been a significant increase in cyber-attacks around the world over the past few years, the need to safeguard end users from a potential attack is likely to play an important role in determining the growth of the IoT fleet management market.
Further key findings from the study suggest:
• Device management is the fastest growing platform at a CAGR of 21.7% during the forecast period. Need for managing the rising number of connected IoT devices is playing a pivotal role in the growth of the segment
• As managed services play a significant role in managing, monitoring, and reducing the operational cost of the complex Internet of things fleet management eco system, the segment is poised to register the highest CAGR of 22.0% during the same period
Interested in this report? Get your FREE sample now! https://www.radiantinsights.com/research/internet-of-things-iot-fleet-management-market/request-sample
Abstract
Critics have long accused food and beverage companies of trying to exonerate their products from blame for obesity by funding organisations that highlight alternative causes. Yet, conclusions about the intentions of food and beverage companies in funding scientific organisations have been prevented by limited access to industry's internal documents. Here we allow the words of Coca-Cola employees to speak about how the corporation intended to advance its interests by funding the Global Energy Balance Network (GEBN). The documents reveal that Coca-Cola funded and supported the GEBN because it would serve as a 'weapon' to 'change the conversation' about obesity amidst a 'growing war between the public health community and private industry'. Despite its close links to the Coca-Cola company, the GEBN was to be portrayed as an 'honest broker' in this 'war'. The GEBN's message was to be promoted via an extensive advocacy campaign linking researchers, policy-makers, health professionals, journalists and the general public. Ultimately, these activities were intended to advance Coca-Cola's corporate interests: as they note, their purpose was to 'promote practices that are effective in terms of both policy and profit'. Coca-Cola's proposal for establishing the GEBN corroborates concerns about food and beverage corporations' involvement in scientific organisations and their similarities with Big Tobacco.
The Coca-Cola Company proposed and financed the now-defunct group Global Energy Balance Network as a "weapon" in the "growing war between the public health community and private industry" over obesity and the obesity epidemic, according to a new study published today in the Journal of Epidemiology and Community Health The study is based on documents obtained via state Freedom of Information request by U.S. Right to Know, a consumer and public health group.The study states that "The documents reveal that Coca-Cola funded and supported the GEBN because it would serve as a 'weapon' to 'change the conversation' about obesity amidst a 'growing war between the public health community and private industry'.""This study reveals The Coca-Cola Company's true intentions to go to war with the public health community over obesity and who is responsible for it," said Gary Ruskin, co-director of US Right to Know, a co-author of the study.Other co-authors of the study are: Pepita Barlow, University of Oxford; Paulo Serôdio, University of Oxford; Professor Martin McKee, London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine; and Professor David Stuckler, Bocconi University.The title of the article in the Journal of Epidemiology and Community Health is: " Science organisations and Coca-Cola's 'war' with the public health community: insights from an internal industry document ".U.S. Right to Know is a nonprofit consumer and public health organization that investigates the risks associated with the corporate food system, and the food industry's practices and influence on public policy. For more information, see usrtk.org
The Hempstead Town Industrial Development Agency is to consider tax breaks for the $1.3 million renovation of a mixed-use building in Hempstead Village, according to its agenda for its Thursday meeting.
The building's owner, Nader Enterprises, wants to renovate the structure at 131 Fulton Ave. to create 40 residential units and 10 commercial spaces to rent, according to IDA documents.
The application, filed in December, seeks a sales tax exemption and a 10-year payment in lieu of taxes, or PILOT, the documents show. By the end of the second year of the PILOT, three new jobs would be created at an average annual salary of $36,000.
The building is currently vacant. Its 2016-17 taxes were $99,059, according to the documents. The 42,000-square-foot structure has a market value of $788,800.
The IDA board's policy is to start PILOT payments at the current tax level and freeze them for three years, before steadily increasing the payments through the 10th year, IDA officials said.
Board members on Thursday are to hear a presentation by Nader Enterprises about the application and could hold a preliminary vote on the project. Because the project is in Hempstead, four village officials are able to vote on the IDA board.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
Village attorney Debra Urbano-DiSalvo said in a statement Tuesday that Hempstead officials are not taking a position on the Fulton Avenue project before the IDA meeting.
“Throughout Mayor [Wayne] Hall's tenure they have pursued initiatives with a steadfast commitment to placing the people of Hempstead as the top priority,” Urbano-DiSalvo said. “The Village of Hempstead will continue to aggressively seek opportunities for job creation and the development of our community.”
Hall has faced criticism over a $2.5 billion downtown redevelopment project that includes mixed-use projects along Main Street.
The Nader Enterprises building is located just outside the village downtown area and is not part of the official revitalization effort, which the developer has said will bring 18,000 jobs to the village. The Plainview-based developer, Renaissance Downtowns, received $33 million in tax breaks from the IDA last year to build a 336-unit apartment complex on a parking lot across from Hempstead Town Hall at Washington and Front streets.
Regardless of faith, ethnicity or class, each of us is taught at a young age that it is our duty to help those in need. Americans take that moral responsibility to heart. As individuals, we help our neighbors. Through churches and local organizations, we feed our communities. And as a country, America leads the world in providing food for millions of people in need of assistance.
When governments cannot feed their own people, chaos and violence are sure to follow. Food assistance provided by the United States – almost 10 percent of hard red winter wheat exports in 2016 were through food aid programs – leads to greater stability in regions of the world important to America's strategic interests. The President's proposed budget cuts to food aid programs would only undermine those interests.
While our country's collective moral convictions make fighting hunger the right thing to do, the benefits we receive as a nation from reducing global food insecurity also make it the smart thing to do.
President Ronald Reagan recognized the power of food in shaping foreign policy. In 1983, at a signing of a World Food Day proclamation, Reagan chided the Soviet Union for failing to provide humanitarian relief to those in need, and offered a direct challenge to the Kremlin to explain why the Soviet Union only provided weapons but not food assistance to the underdeveloped world.
While the threats of today are different than those faced during the Cold War, American food aid continues to serve our national interests by promoting political, economic and social stability on a global scale, in addition to elevating our country's moral standing and leadership.
For decades, we have witnessed food-related hardships act as a catalyst for protests and armed conflicts that harm America's strategic interests abroad. From 2007 to 2011, spikes in global food prices led to increased food insecurity and unrest in the world. In the Middle East and North Africa, food-related protests were one of the major drivers of the mass uprising of the Arab Spring. The widespread turmoil in these oil-producing regions caused major volatility in energy prices. And even as food prices have leveled out since 2011, we continue to deal with the reverberations of the Arab Spring.
In Syria, the Islamic State uses the promise of food and basic necessities to recruit soldiers. Food shortages have led refugees to leave camps and return to an active war zone in search of food for themselves and their families.
Closer to home, food prices contributed to rioting in Haiti in 2007 and 2008. As food prices increased and economic conditions deteriorated, US Coast Guard interceptions of people from Haiti attempting to immigrate to our country also increased.
The National Intelligence Council warns that a continuation of the fundamental contributors to food insecurity – such as expanding populations, the slowing of agricultural yields and gaps in infrastructure and distribution systems – without greater assistance by the United States will result in increased food insecurity and instability in the Middle East, Africa and South Asia. Congress has a critical role to play here in delivering that assistance.
Through my role on the Senate Appropriations Committee, I am committed to protecting the gains we've made in international food aid programs. While chairing the Agriculture Appropriations Subcommittee, I fought for a $134 million increase in Food for Peace Title II funding, which is a USAID initiative that provides in-kind donations of American agriculture commodities to countries with critical food needs. Our subcommittee also increased funding for McGovern-Dole, a program that promotes education for children, especially for young girls, by providing meals at schools located in areas most critically in need.
This administration's budget proposal, which eliminates funding for the McGovern-Dole Food for Education and makes cuts to USAID, will harm our long-term national security interests and reduce our leadership in the world.
We are outraged at the crimes of ISIS, Al Qaeda, Boko Haram and other terrorist groups. We rightfully label the actions of these groups and corrupt global leaders, which have led a number of countries to the brink of famine, as evil. But unless we back up that outrage by continuing to support global food aid programs, it rings hollow.
When signing the proclamation in 1983, Reagan cited 450 million people in developing countries who were undernourished. Our global population has risen by 3 billion people since that time, and today, there are nearly 800 million people in the world who do not have enough food to lead healthy, active lives. While significant strides have been made in the fight against food insecurity, for both strategic and moral reasons, our commitment to ending hunger cannot end now.
I urge my colleagues to consider the implications of global hunger and join me in supporting policies that help solve this problem. America's unmatched generosity helps to feed the hungry across the globe while benefiting our citizens here at home.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A murderer who sexually assaulted their 12-year-old victim before throwing their dead body out of a window has launched a bid to be released from prison.
Raymond Varley murdered Claire McIntyre in their home in Leicester, in March 1991 and has now been granted a parole hearing.
News of their attempt to win their freedom has brought fresh anguish for Claire's family.
They say the memories of Varley's crime 27 years ago remain as fresh in their minds ‘as if it was yesterday'.
The-then 40-year-old lured Claire into their flat in Lomond Crescent by promising to give them a New Kids On The Block tape for their birthday.
(Image: Barcroft Media)
(Image: Barcroft Media)
Once inside, the father-of-three indecently assaulted and strangled the schoolgirl.
A judge later noted that Claire, described by their family as a bright and outgoing girl, appeared to have fought for their life.
The killer left their flat for a time and came back and wrapped Claire's body in a quilt and pushed it out of their kitchen window.
They also placed a backdated note on their front door saying they were away from home for two weeks.
Claire, who lived just yards away in neighbouring Rannoch Close, lay undiscovered in undergrowth while their family and police searched for them
In December 1991 at Nottingham Crown Court , Varley admitted indecently assaulting and murdering Claire.
They were jailed for life and told they would serve a minimum of 18 years .
(Image: Barcroft Media)
Now, the Ministry of Justice has told Claire's family Varley has been granted a parole hearing, although no date has been set.
The hearing will take place behind closed doors and will rule on whether or not they are suitable for release.
Claire's father, David McIntyre, 64, their mother June Cartwright, 63 and older brother, 43-year-old Scott McIntyre have been told they can write personal statements, which will be sent to the parole board members.
Under current rules, the family will be notified of the outcome of the hearing but will not be given any detail of the reasons behind any conclusions it reaches.
They fear Varley – who also had convictions for threatening to kill their infant daughter, robbery and armed robbery – remains a danger to children.
Claire's father said: “It's as fresh in my mind now as it was the day it happened. It never goes away.
“All of us feel the same way about the possibility of this man being released.
(Image: Barcroft Media)
“People who commit crimes like this against a child do not deserve to be released and we do not believe it would be safe to release this man.
“Myself, Claire's mum and their brother will have an input because we have been asked to write impact statements for the parole hearing, whenever that takes place.
“We are hoping we can at least delay, if not permanently stop, them being released.”
Them mum said: “I carry around the memory of what they did every day. You never forget and you are never the same person again. It's changed me completely.
“We did not go back to our house, we couldn't face it because it was just yards from where Claire died.
“Obviously, I don't want them to come out of prison, I just don't believe it would be safe.”
Scott said: “I was 16 at the time and my memory of what they did to them is as fresh as if it was yesterday.
“But our brothers and sisters were younger, so their memories are very vague.
“By going to prison all they were losing was the chance to go to the pub when they wanted to, things like that.
“We lost a daughter and a sister.
“At the time they were sentenced we didn't take any comfort from it. We never thought 18 years minimum was nearly enough.
“He's been in prison for 27 years and that says to me that they have not been a model prisoner.
“We don't know whether they have changed. It's easy to be a ‘model prisoner' when you want to be released.
“When they were sentenced, the judge told them that each of their crimes had been more and more violent.
“We believe they remain a risk to the public, particularly to children.”
(Image: Barcroft Media)
The case of John Worboys, the London taxi driver who sexually assaulted up to 100 women has recently provoked a debate about the public's right to more insight into parole board hearings.
Relatives of Lynda Mann, who was raped and murdered by double-killer Colin Pitchfork in Leicestershire in 1983, have also told the Leicester Mercury they believe the parole system must be more open.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Boris Johnson has accused Putin of rigging their re-election as they ramp up tensions in the wake of the Salisbury attack.
The foreign secretary said Mr Putin was declared the winner on Monday in an election that 'resembled a coronation'.
Mr Putin, who has ruled the country as either president or prime minister since 1999, got more than 76% of the vote.
The main opposition leader, Alexei Navalny, was barred from the race.
In an article in the Telegraph Mr Johnson wrote: "Mr Putin's leading opponent had obviously been banned from standing and an abundance of CCTV footage appeared to show election officials nonchalantly stuffing ballot boxes."
And the foreign secretary warned that "Mr Putin is taking their country in a dangerous direction.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
"Throughout their rule they have eroded the liberties of the Russian people, tightened the screws of state repression and hunted down supposed foes," they said.
(Image: Getty)
It comes after Mr Johnson accused the Kremlin of trying to conceal "the needle of truth in a haystack of lies" over the Salisbury spy poisoning.
Today EU Foreign Affairs Council declared its "unqualified solidarity" for the UK over the incident and Nato's general secretary Jens Stoltenberg
In a wide-ranging piece on the state of Russia, Mr Johnson hinted there was some hope for those who believed in democracy putting their faith in the general population in Putin rather than the politicians.
They suggested that despite the dangers of the Russian president's rule, Mr Johnson said that Putin's hardline stance would only lead the Russian people to hanker after the freedoms they see in the West.
(Image: TASS)
They said: "They [the Russian people] will see how free societies in Europe, America and elsewhere thrive and prosper precisely because people are able to live as they choose, provided they do no harm."
They will understand how an independent media exposes the failings or evasions of democratic governments. And they will wonder why Russia cannot have the same?
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A mum-of-two is furious at vandals who smeared tomato ketchup on a playground leaving their young son covered in sauce.
The six-year-old was visiting the play area in Sapley, Huntingdon, when they got caked in the red substance yesterday (April 23).
The boy was taken to the park at around 4.30pm by their 18-year-old sister who was unable to stop them ruining their clothes by sliding down a pole.
"He went down the pole before they noticed it and got it all over himself," explained the children's mum.
"She rang me whilst they were there really upset that someone would do that to a park.
"She just couldn't understand why anyone would do it. They played football on the grass outside instead in the end."
Photos of the soiled playground off Robertson Way and Jeffrey Drive show splatters of red sauce on a small climbing wall, dripping down a pole and daubed on climbing frames.
The irate mum, who did not want to be named, said the family did not often go to local play areas as they were frequently vandalised.
"I just do not understand how anyone could do stuff to kids' play areas," they added.
"They can't use the excuse that they are bored with nothing to do round here as there are lots of open space and skate parks etc.
"We never had much when we are younger but we never went around vandalising parks."
The shocked mum, from Huntingdon, said the "inconsiderate" vandals were preventing children from using the play equipment.
They said: "Hopefully when they have their own children and people do this and their children get upset because they can't use it, they will understand, how what they have done affects others."
Huntingdon Town Council were contacted yesterday about the sticky mess with the mum told someone would clean it up in the morning.
Following the unfortunate incident, the boy's mum said their family would be wary about using play equipment in the future.
They said: "We will still try and use them when we are out but I always make sure I check them before my son uses them because so many get vandalised around here.
"I know it happens everywhere but it's so frustrating."
Are you ready for the moment when Gotham returns, Batman begins, and a Dark Knight rises? If not, youare better get ready, as the new teaser for the Spring Premiere of Fox's Bat-prequel is riddled with Easter eggs from the movies -- as well as teases for what's coming up in the final run of the third season.
Let's break down the moments that made our Bat signals light up with glee, shall we?
First, there's this shot of Selina Kyle (Camren Bicondova) lying on the ground as cats surround her:
Camren Bicondova, Gotham
No, you're not dealing with the after-effects of mistletoe poisoning (besides, a kiss is deadlier if you mean it)... That's a reference to a shot from 1992's Batman Returns, when that Selina Kyle (Michelle Pfeiffer) is thrown from a window, only to be resurrected by some sandpaper cat licks.
Does this mean that the younger Ms. Kyle is finally moving towards their destiny, becoming Catwoman -- rather than just a street-wise thief with goggles that kind of look like cat ears?
Gotham: Will Selina ever forgive Bruce?
Then there's the dialogue from someone we're guessing could be Batman arch-enemy Ra's al Ghul (Alexander Siddig), who is joining the cast as the man pulling the strings behind the villainous Court of Owls. In the trailer, the unseen man tells what looks like Bruce Wayne's (David Mazouz) evil clone that, "out of the ashes, a dark hero will rise."
[Ed. Note: if you haven't been watching the show, there's an evil double of Bruce Wayne running around who is teamed up with the Court of Owls. That's basically all you need to know.]
With their deep, growling voice, and talk of things rises from the ashes, it certainly brings to mind Bane's (Tom Hardy) dialogue from The Dark Knight Rises.
And in case all of that was too subtle for you, the trailer includes the words "returns" and "begins" in big, bold type to kick off the last sequence, which we dug more than chicks dig Batman's car. "If this is my destiny, I do not want to fail," says Bruce Wayne.
Yep, after three seasons of asking, "why don't they just make Bruce Wayne Batman?" it looks like we're finally going to see Batman begin(s). Not only that, but a tease of a green "?" over the Gotham skyline in the final title card shows that, even as "heroes rise," we're going to see the rise of a prominent villain, too: The Riddler (Cory Michael Smith).
All that, plus the return of Jada Pinkett Smith, a crazed Michael Chiklis, B.D. Wong's delightfully arch Hugo Strange, and more? I don't know about you, Miss Kitty, but the final episodes of Gotham's third season feel so much yummier.
Watch the full trailer here:
Gotham airs Mondays at 8/7c on FOX.
CHARLESTON, W.Va. — Last Saturday, Shantelle Rathburn, owner of The Warehouse on Jackson Pike in Gallipolis, took part in the 2018 NPC Mountaineer Classic in Charleston, W.Va., and came home second in the bikini division.
Placing second gives Rathburn a national qualification.
“I got my title and that's what I wanted,” said Rathburn. “It means I can go to bigger shows and at these shows you can set yourself up to get pro cards. It felt amazing. I definitely hadn't been on stage in awhile so it got me amped up again and I'm excited about this weekend.”
Rathburn will be competing in the Kentucky Derby, a bigger show, in Louisville, Ky., this weekend.
“It's another national qualifying show,” said Rathburn. “This time I'm wanting to bring home a gold and after this I'd like to schedule a national show probably coming this fall. The more success you have and the more shows you do, the more your name gets out there. That's how Arnold did it. Everyone knows their name.”
Rathburn said that shows are largely the same, having participants step out and do an individual pose before having a group pose routine. There is a prejudging event in the morning and finals in the evening.
“I knew that morning I was (potentially) set up for second place,” said Rathburn. “I knew I was in first call out. In the evening show, I did a little bit of a different pose and tried to bring more attitude. It didn't change their minds (regarding the judges and their first choice) but it does sometimes.”
At the Mountaineer, Rathburn competed in one class but they said they were considering more this coming weekend. They said they would still compete in the bikini division but potentially in the open, novice and collegiate classes.
“It would be a dream come true, for sure,” said Rathburn if they were to take a national title.
When asked whether they had influenced their clients to take up bodybuilding, Rathburn said bodybuilding was a difficult road.
“For me the first time around, it was a personal, self goal. I just wanted to do it and see what I thought because I lost weight and felt good,” they said. “Now, it's a sport to me. It's not something I think ‘I'll just try this.' A lot of times people do just do it for one time. It's very expensive and people take it seriously and you're not going to be successful if you don't look at it that way.”
“Whatever body part I'm working,” said Rathburn about their thoughts while they exercise,”I'm constantly think about what muscle I'm working. Basically, to build muscle, you want your body to go to failure. Whatever exercise you're doing, you want to push your body past what you think you can do. If you think you have three more reps, you need to do five. When you get to that third one and you feel like you can't do another, at least what goes through my head, is are you going to be first place or second place next time.”
Rathburn said they came back from their last competition tired, but knew they would be hitting it hard again this weekend and the moments in between competitions were what defined success.
Dean Wright can be reached at 740-446-2342, ext. 2103.
http://www.mydailytribune.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/42/2018/04/web1_web1_Tribune-25-12.jpg
Even if B.C. sweeps the club's final five games, it still might not be enough to make the post-season
There was a palpable anger in the B.C. Lions' locker-room following a last-second loss to the Hamilton Tiger-Cats two weeks ago.
Wally Buono would like to see a little more of that emotion from their team on the field.
“After the fact, it's too late. Maybe go into the game a little more angry,” said B.C.'s head coach and general manager. “Football is an emotional game played by angry men.
“The anger has to come before the game, not after the game.”
Fresh off a bye week, where all they could do was stew over the crushing 24-23 home defeat that put another major dent in their playoff hopes, the Lions (6-7) sit last in the CFL's West Division as they prepare to host the Ottawa Redblacks (5-9-1) on Saturday.
Even if B.C. sweeps the club's final five games, it still might not be enough to make the post-season with the Saskatchewan Roughriders (7-6) and Edmonton Eskimos (7-6), who sit third and fourth in the West, both holding the tiebreaker over the Lions.
“You wanna be in the playoffs? You're in the playoffs,” Buono said in describing their team's current predicament. “I've been here a million times.
“I can handle the pressure. Can you?”
READ MORE: Lions quarterback Travis Lulay suffers suspected torn ACL against Alouettes
The good news for B.C. is Edmonton has lost six straight after starting the season 7-0, but the success or failure of the teams ahead of the Lions in the standings won't matter if they can't figure out their own game.
“It's playoff football for us right now,” said B.C. wide receiver Bryan Burnham. ”We can't lose. We can't rely on other teams. We have to do what we can.
“Every game's a must-win from here on out.”
🚀🚀🚀 #Repost @tsn_official ・・・ Jonathon Jennings keeps airing it out, Lions' receivers keep hauling them in! 🚀 A post shared by BC Lions Football Club (@bclions_official) on Sep 22, 2017 at 10:35pm PDT
Lions quarterback Jonathon Jennings showed signs of life in the loss to Hamilton after a dismal performance against the Calgary Stampeders the previous week, but an offence that was supposed to light up the scoreboard has still yet to find its rhythm for a club that has lost two straight and five of its last six.
“It's been a tough season for all of us,” said Jennings, who has just six touchdown passes and an ugly 12 interceptions. ”It hurts to lose, especially with all the expectations we have for ourselves.
“But we know it's not over. We know our chances aren't lost.”
Wide receiver Chris Williams, who signed with B.C. following two outstanding seasons in Ottawa, said the Lions' biggest problem has been a lack of execution in key moments.
“We've just got to go out there and make plays when the opportunities are given,” said Williams. ”There's going to be some opportunities out there. We've got to sting them. We've got to make it count.”
The Redblacks, meanwhile, sit second in the East after two straight losses — including last week's 18-17 home defeat to Saskatchewan — but should have star quarterback Trevor Harris, who suffered a separated throwing shoulder on Sept. 9, under centre at B.C. Place Stadium.
Last season's Grey Cup champions, seven of the Redblacks' nine losses have been a combined 17 points in what has also been a frustrating 2017.
“You play football to play football, not to watch it or be on the (injured reserve),” Harris told reporters in Ottawa before the team flew west. “Even just missing three weeks is something that's an eye-opener.”
The Redblacks beat the Lions 31-24 in the nation's capital back on Aug. 26. The visitors trailed 31-3 in the fourth quarter before a frantic comeback attempt fell short after quarterback Travis Lulay replaced an ineffective Jennings.
But Lulay suffered a torn ACL in their right knee two weeks later, thrusting Jennings back into the starting role.
Despite their struggles, Buono said the third-year pivot still has a chance to save both theirs and the Lions' season.
It just has to start now.
“Athletes thrive on success,” said Buono. “When success doesn't happen, everybody's confidence starts to wane. It's what your foundation is, it's what your beliefs are, it's what your support system is that helps you to get through it.
“At the end of it you've got to pick yourself up. Nobody's going to help you.”
Joshua Clipperton, The Canadian Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
When it comes to flights, it doesn't take much to make the trip that little bit more comfortable. Think a travel pillow, some snacks, even a book or a downloaded series on your gadgets to make the time go by faster.
However, there are a few in-flight perks that could significantly improve your journey, even if you haven't paid for the extras.
The key is to be kind to cabin crew, who can dole out these perks at their discretion.
You'll need to ask very, very nicely but usually they are happy to accommodate when they can, especially for passengers who are polite and patient.
Skyscanner caught up with members of cabin crew from different airlines to find out what extras you can ask for from extra food to cockpit tours and even a few First Class treats.
Of course there's no guarantee you'll definitely get these, but it doesn't hurt to ask!
1. First Class treats
Just because you've paid for an Economy ticket doesn't mean you can't enjoy any of the perks that come with First Class, such as treats like a cappuccino or even a cheese platter.
Some members of cabin crew will offer these out to passengers who ask very nicely; there are no guarantees, but you're more likely to win favours by being nice than being that Annoying Passenger in seat 38.
2. Extra in-flight comforts
Airplanes are usually well-stocked with those little luxuries that can help you sleep on a long-haul flight; think eye masks, ear plugs, socks and sometimes even slippers!
However, the most under-used air travel extra gas got to be the airline pyjamas; change into the comfy lounge wear and keep your clothes fresh!
They're usually only available in Business/First Class on airlines like Emirates or British Airways , but if you happen to spill your food down your top, there's a good chance the crew might take pity and hunt out a spare pair.
(Image: Rex)
3. Extra meals
Getting hunger pangs and forgot to pack snacks?
It's always worth enquiring about a second helping of breakfast or dinner as some passengers skip meals in favour of sleep - so there may be a surplus.
Be patient, wait until the cabin crew have served everyone, then politely ask if there are any spare in-flight meals left over.
Naturally, you shouldn't expect a 'yes' every time, but no one likes wasted food, so it's always worth a go.
Alternatively, if you're peckish before dinner is ready, you can ask for a top up of peanuts or on-boar snacks they may have going.
4. Tour of the flight deck
Always wondered what goes on in the cockpit? Ask nicely and you may be able to see for yourself.
Security has become a lot stricter in recent years so an in-flight tour is unlikely, but some do offer tours before take-off and after landing.
It's worth noting that each airline has a different policy - some ban tours altogether, and some are happy to accommodate.
(Image: Iconica)
5. First Aid
There'll always be a first aid kit on board your flight in case of emergencies, so do ask if you need a plaster, sanitary products or feel unwell.
It's wise to pack some basic painkillers in your hand luggage for things like headaches, as cabin crew are not permitted by law to dispense any medication.
6. Extra help with the kids
Whether you just need an extra pair of hands or your little one's throwing a bit of a tantrum, most cabin crew will sympathise and try to help.
This can include holding your baby while you store hand luggage, keeping kids entertained with colouring books and crayons and even provide designated childcare.
(For example, Etihad provides an onboard nanny on some of their flights!)
Ask about kids' activity packs when you board, as some domestic and short-haul flights are starting to offer these as well as long-haul airlines.
KGL postpones Ordinary and Extraordinary General meeting (KSE) Date: 03 Jul 2018 Kuwait & Gulf Link Transport Co. announced that Ordinary and Extraordinary General meeting was not held due to insufficient quorum and is postponed to July 26, 2018.
CBS NEWS - A congregation in Indiana has placed Mary, Joseph and baby Jesus statues inside a cage on a church's front lawn. Christ Church Cathedral says the Holy Family has been placed in "ICE detention," a poignant statement on immigration that has gained widespread attention.
Scroll for more content...
The caged Holy Family is part of the church's "Every Family is Holy" campaign. The church, located in Indianapolis, says just like immigrants crossing the border, Mary, Joseph and Jesus were once homeless and fled danger to seek asylum.
The church's dean and rector, Steve Carlsen, says the "Holy Scripture is clear about how we are to treat people trying to find safety for their families -- we are to show mercy and welcome them."
The campaign aims to "bring awareness to the humanitarian atrocities from our nation's 'zero tolerance' immigration policies," the church says in a statement. Carlsen told CBS News the idea to put Mary, Joseph and Jesus in a cage came from an associate clergy member at the church, Cannon Lee Curtis. They had an idea to use the same images displayed at Christmas time -- Mary, Joseph and Jesus -- but to put them in a "detention center," Carlsen says.
"[Some] forget that this is a homeless family with nowhere to go," Carlsen says. The story of the Holy Family teaches that "the heart of God is with those who are most vulnerable, most at risk," like immigrants and refugees, Carlsen says.
Carlsen knew the church lawn, which "faces the most public space in Indiana," was a huge platform for their campaign. "We put it up last night and we finished around 10 p.m. We wanted people to see it as we were coming to work."
The priest says the display got immediate attention. Just after it was placed on the lawn, a man walking by asked Carlsen about it. "He asked what it means, I said, 'Think about it a little bit.' And then I saw the lightbulb come on."
Photos of the display show a statue of Joseph looking down on a statue of Mary, holding baby Jesus. It is similar to a manger scene, except the family is surrounded by a small chain link fence. The fence resembles those seen in some detention centers near the border, where some families who were separated at the border are detained. Behind the cage is a sign with the campaign name, written in both English and Spanish.
"When we say 'every family' we mean families on the border," Carlsen says. "We have been active as a church caring for those in need -- including people who are coming to our country, seeking a better, safer life for themselves and their kids."
They say the display has already made a strong visual impact and it will stay up for as long as they feel needed. "How long is it needed? My greatest hope is that those in power, those who could end this today, will say 'We are not going to treat people coming into our country this way,'" the priest says.
As for those who do not support the strong visual of Mary, Joseph and Jesus in a cage, Carlsen has a simple answer: "If it offends people, I think it might be God trying to get their attention."
We were already counting the days until the Psych movie comes out this December, but now we're more impatient than ever.
Early Wednesday, Dule Hill shared a video on Twitter of themselves and James Roday doing a little pop quiz on the set of the two-hour USA movie. Holding up a pineapple, Roday asks, "What's this called?"
Then, out of the ether of stage right, Chuck star Zachary Levi pops up looking like a sexier version of Javier Bardem's Skyfall character. "I believe that's a pineapple. Isn't that right, Chucksters?" they ask before continuing on their journey into the night, probably to tie someone to a train track or whatever Bond villains do.
While pineapples are a Psych staple (there's at least one in every episode), they also memorably factored into Chuck. "Pineapple" was a code word that was only to be used in cases of extreme emergency. Does this mean anything for the Psych movie? Probably not, but it's a cute crossover for Psycho-O's and Chucksters.
In the movie, Levi will play Thin White Duke, "a ruthless, mysterious and dashing villain of the highest order," per the USA. But we didn't need the network to tell us the Chuck alum was playing a dastardly villain. You don't look like this and not play a bad guy.
Psych: The Movie will pick up three years after the events of the series finale, which saw Shawn and Gus move their business to San Francisco. But after a mystery assailant targets one of their own, Shawn, Gus and the entire SBPD gang will have to ban together during the holidays to catch the bad guys and give Gus more nicknames. That means you can expect to see Lassiter (Timothy Omundson), Juliet (Maggie Lawson), Henry (Corbin Bernsen) and Chief Vick (Kirsten Nelson) get in on the shenanigans as well.
Add Will & Grace to your Watchlist now!
The film will also see the return of many of the show's most beloved guest stars, including Cary Elwes as Pierre Desperaux.
Get Chelsea FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Chelsea have told rebel striker Diego Costa they want them back in training.
The champions expect the £150,000-a-week striker back, fit and available for selection - and are adamant they will not force a move to Atletico Madrid for a cut-price fee.
It comes with Costa AWOL in Brazil and threatening - in an unsanctioned interview - to see out the remainder of their Blues contract unpaid instead of returning to play for Chelsea's reserves.
Such a move would represent a nightmare scenario for club chiefs who have been battling to resolve the situation ever since Antonio Conte's controversial text message, sent in June, telling Costa they were finished at the club.
Chelsea have told them they want them back at their Cobham HQ to begin work on their fitness, per the terms of their contract. Costa has maintained they will not be bullied and that they will now take control of their future.
(Image: REUTERS)
(Image: Reuters)
Chelsea want £50million for Costa but the striker's stance could see their value plummet, aiding the negotiating position of Atletico Madrid, the club they want to rejoin.
Atletico Madrid would not be able to register Costa until January as they remain under a transfer embargo. But the striker remains adamant that they don't want to join any other club.
(Image: Clive Rose)
Chelsea have already fined them two weeks' wages but Costa remains unmoved, claiming they are waiting for the club to “set me free”.
The Spain striker, currently in Brazil, has two years remaining on their contract. Chelsea were back for pre-season training on July 10.
Costa was given an extra week off but has not returned.
Severe Tropical Storm Dineo is now predicted to make landfall in the southern district of Massinga in the early evening, packing winds of about 130 kilometres (80 miles) an hour.
The storm is “quite likely to undergo a final surge of intensification, just before arriving over land and there is a good chance that it will reach Tropical Cyclone status”, the South African Weather Service said.
It forecast torrential rain, widespread flooding and a marine storm surge, warning Dineo was “a formidable storm system which has the potential to cause much damage to coastal and inland infrastructure”.
The Mozambique government's emergency response centre has issued an alert over the cyclone threat, and advised people to prepare food and water supplies and be ready to seek shelter.
Some villagers could be displaced by flooding, forecasters said, while heavy rains will spread into eastern parts of South Africa on Thursday and Friday.
Mozambique, one of the world's poorest countries, is often battered by flooding and storms.
In 2000, floods claimed at least 800 lives, and more than 100 were killed in 2015.
Scores have already died in the current rainy season, which began in October.
The high death toll in 2000 triggered donor funding for relocations and improvements to water management infrastructure, early warning systems and emergency response resources.
-AFP
.
Monster Energy Cup
XFINITY
Camping World Truck
Special Interest –
TIME LISTED – Mountain Standard (MST)
Michigan – Gateway Motorsports Park
Thursday, June 15 –
5:00 p.m – K&N Series Race: Colorado National Speedway, NBCSN
Friday, June 16
9:00 a.m – Cup Practice at – FS2
10:30 a.m – XFINITY Practice – FS2
1:00 p.m – XFINITY Final Practice – FS2
2:00 p.m – Cup Qualifying – FS2
(R) 7:30 p.m Cup Qualifying – FS1
Saturday, June 17
(R) 5:00 a.m – Cup Qualifying – FS1
7:00 a.m – Cup Ppractice – FS2
8:00 a.m – XFINITY Qualifying – FS2
10:00am – Cup Final Practice – FS2
11:00 a.m – XFINITY Pre-race – FS1
11:30 a.m – NASCAR XFINITY – Michigan 250 – FS1
5:00 p.m – Camping World Truck Qualifying – FS1
6:00 p.m – Camping World Truck Pre-race – FS1
6:30 p.m – Camping World Truck – Gateway 200 – FS1
Sunday, June 18
Noon – Cup Pre-race – FS1
1 p.m – Cup – FireKeepers Casino 400 at Michigan – FS1
.
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
West Ham co-owner David Gold has admitted they feel shortchanged over Dimitri Payet's move to Marseille.
The Hammers managed to prise £25m from the Ligue 1 club for their wantaway attacker - who had demanded a move back to their homeland.
But Gold insists France international is worth a lot more and regrets not holding out for more cash.
"My only regret I suppose is that they were sold for £25m and I think they were worth more," Gold told Sky Sports News .
(Photo: Headlinephoto/Vantagenews.com)
"I think in an open market they would have fetched £30-35m. I think the fans feel a bit cheated and that they didn't get full value.
"He insisted on only going to Marseille. It was one club bidding, so that depressed the price. It was £25m instead of maybe £35m.
(Photo: AFP/Getty Images)
(Photo: AFP/Getty Images)
"I don't think they handled it very well. Does anybody? I suppose the answer is we are disappointed but we have to move on. There is life after Dimitri Payet."
Payet has played three times for Marseilles since their return to the south of France.
They scored on their second appearance, against Guingamp, with a deflected free kick.
ABU DHABI European fund manager Ardian will invest $2.5 billion in private equity funds run by Mubadala Capital, an arm of Abu Dhabi's state fund Mubadala, the companies said on Thursday, the first time Mubadala has accepted capital from a third-party investor.
The deal will see Ardian invest $1.75 billion to take a majority stake in S$2.5 billion portfolio owned by Mubadala Capital. The portfolio includes mainly North American buyout and growth funds as well as direct investments.
Mubadala has also established a new $1.5 billion private equity fund with equal primary capital commitments from Mubadala Capital and Ardian.
"This deal represents one of Ardian's largest transactions with a sovereign wealth fund," Ardian's head of funds and private debt, Vincent Gombault, said in a joint statement by Ardian and Mubadala Capital.
Ardian manages and advises $60 billion of assets, with a team of more than 450 employees based in 12 offices across the world.
Mubadala Capital manages more than $10 billion of assets across its portfolio.
Sovereign investors like Singapore's Temasek have also executed similar deals, bringing in outside institutional investors in joint deals. In 2014, it launched Astrea II, a co-investment vehicle in which Ardian was an investor.(reut.rs/2oNBPst)
(Reporting by Stanley Carvalho and Saeed Azhar; Editing by Susan Fenton)
CAMPBELL COUNTY, Va. - A 36-year-old man died after an apartment fire Sunday morning.
Bruce Tucker died in a hospital after being removed from one of the apartments. Authorities say they used to live in one of the apartments.
At 5:13 a.m., multiple agencies responded to the 100 block of Deer Creek Drive in Lynchburg for a structure fire.
When crews arrived, they evacuated several apartments.
One apartment, which authorities say was full of heavy smoke, was determined to have someone inside of it.
Fire and law enforcement went inside the apartment and found Tucker inside.
Tucker was taken outside, where CPR was initiated by first responders on the scene.
They were then transported to the medical center at Virginia Commonwealth University where they later succumbed to fire-related injuries.
Copyright 2018 by WSLS 10 - All rights reserved.
Spending your own money on health care might mean that you'll be more frugal with it. That's the theory behind health savings accounts, a decades-old GOP concept that's sparking renewed interest on Capitol Hill as Republican lawmakers look for ways to replace the Affordable Care Act.
HSAs are like personal savings accounts — with a difference. As with a retirement account, money put into an HSA can be invested, and any growth in the fund accumulates tax-free. Withdrawals can be made at any time, and they are tax-free, too — but the money can only be used to pay for certain medical expenses, such as health insurance deductibles, or for copays for hospital care or a visit to the doctor.
Currently, HSAs are only available to people who have high-deductible health plans, meaning they usually pay a few thousand dollars for medical care each year before their insurance kicks in to pay its share. While HSA participation is growing, only about 20 million people out of the 176 million who have health insurance participate in these savings accounts, according to a 2015 report by the Association of Health Insurance Plans.
Why don't more people who are eligible for HSAs have them? For one thing, not everyone has money to contribute upfront. But psychologists and behavioral economists point out that even many people who have the extra cash on hand confront big psychological barriers to saving.
"How we think and feel is directly tied to our ability to make 'good' financial decisions," says Alycia DeGraff, a board member and secretary of the Financial Therapy Association. DeGraff says when faced with financial decisions about the future, many people simply get stressed-out.
"These stressors can become so overwhelming that ... we can become debilitated and ignore the situation all together," they say. "Or we can practice any kind of defense mechanism — entitlement, suppression, overcompensation, isolation, etc. — to try and deal with [it]."
This may explain, at least in part, why middle-class Americans are pretty bad at saving money in general. Only about half of us have money in any sort of retirement account. And those of us who are parents have only saved, on average, enough to pay for about one year at an in-state college for our kids.
Saving money is hard. It means setting aside what we want now for something we think we'll want or need later. And we live in a culture that offers a lot of pretty, shiny, things to buy RIGHT NOW.
Plus, we all pretend we won't get old or sick.
"People are predictably irrational," says Dr. Mitesh Patel, especially when it comes to money. He's a behavioral economist, physician and assistant professor at the University of Pennsylvania's Perelman School of Medicine.
But many of us really hate to lose money, Patel says, which is what makes the concept of HSAs is so appealing.
For example they and their colleagues published a study last year in the Annals of Internal Medicine on what motivates people to lose weight, and found that the way a financial incentive was framed made all the difference.
The researchers observed three groups of people for 13 weeks. They told one group to walk 7,000 steps a day. About 30 percent of the group did so. Meanwhile, people assigned to the second group were told they'd be paid $1.40 every day they walked 7,000 steps. About 35 percent of the second group did so.
Here's the kicker: Each person in the third group was paid $42 upfront and was docked $1.40 each time they failed to meet their goal. Forty-five percent of that group met the assigned goal, Patel says. People hate to lose money.
Another way to encourage more saving might be to make HSAs operate more like the 401(k)s that required people who didn't want to participate to actively opt out of the plan — rather than requiring people who want to contribute to opt in. "This creates a path of the least resistance," Patel says.
Of course, setting up and overseeing such a plan would likely cost the government some money, they note.
People with HSAs do use less health care than those without such plans, a recent study from the Employee Benefits Research Institute suggests. But it's unclear whether they actually improve their health. Prescription drug costs went down for people enrolled in HSAs in the EBRI study, but emergency room visits went up — particularly for lower-income families.
Then there's the issue of figuring out how much you, as an individual or a family, would need to save for health care — it's not easy to find out the average price for a medical test or procedure in your town, let alone how much that price varies from doctor to doctor or hospital to hospital.
"If you want to save for a house, you can pretty much figure out the math," Patel says. "But if you go to a doctor, they don't give you a menu for prices."
To really increase their health savings — or any savings — we'd all need to change our mindset, says Degraff, the financial therapist.
"People would have to first take a dose of reality and get real about their future selves," they say. Naturally, we thing our future selves will be "better, healthier, more financially secure," they add. But, for many of us, health and income eventually decline with age. We need to save more now for later.
HSAs can be useful, Degraff notes, but only for those who have enough cash to pay their day-to-day expenses — plus a little left over.
"A lot of people don't even have a regular emergency fund savings," DeGraff says, "especially those that are already struggling to pay for health insurance."
Shep Garner hit their third 3-pointer to open the second half and Iowa trailed by as many as 25 and got no closer than 14 the rest of the way.
Tyler Cook led Iowa (12-13, 3-9) with 19 points and Luka Garza had 13 for the Hawkeyes, who have dropped seven of their last 10.
"We're making progress as a team," Carr said. "Coach is making progress getting us to compete."
BIG PICTURE
Iowa: The Hawkeyes' continue to struggle on the road where they're 1-7 overall. That includes a 1-5 mark in enemy Big Ten arenas where the Hawkeyes have fallen by double figures each time. They'll play three of their final six on the road.
Penn State: If Penn State can continue to finish teams like they did Iowa, the program's best Big Ten finish in coach Patrick Chambers' seven years should be easily attainable with six games left.
A STREAK ENDS, ANOTHER CONTINUES
Bohannon entered the game with five or more 3-pointers in each of Iowa's last five road games. They hit one in the first minute to open the scoring but didn't get another long shot off until the start of the second half. They finished 1 for 3.
Iowa's record for consecutive free throws is still within Bohannon's reach, however. He's made 30 straight since Jan. 4 and is four away from tying Chris Street's 34-straight makes from the 1992-93 season. They did not attempt a free throw on Saturday.
WORRIED ABOUT COACH
Penn State Athletic Director Sandy Barbour has said they want to see improvement in the Big Ten before the school decides to re-sign Chambers, who has a year remaining on the contract extension they signed two years ago.
Chambers said he's learned to not worry about wins and losses as much. Their players see it differently, however.
"To be honest, I was definitely worried about coach when things weren't looking so good," Carr said.
Chambers is one conference win away from equaling their best regular-season mark.
WATKINS ON A ROLL
Watkins grabbed a defensive rebound with 13:40 to play in the second half and became just the second sophomore in school history to join Penn State's 500-rebound club. He's got 503 for their career.
UP NEXT
Iowa hosts No. 5 Michigan State on Tuesday.
Maryland visits Penn State on Wednesday.
By Travis Johnson, The Associated Press
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Newcastle midfielder Jonjo Shelvey has reportedly suffered a broken hand splitting up a training ground fight between Toon teammates Jamaal Lescelles and Mo Diame.
England international Shelvey has recently returned from suspension after their red card on the opening weekend of the season against Tottenham.
But the former Swansea man could now be set for another spell on the sidelines after jumping in between skipper Lascelles and Diame, according to The Sun.
The pair apparently traded punches before Shelvey muscled in, allegedly leaving the 25-year-old's left hand in a cast.
(Image: Andrew Powell)
(Image: Ian MacNicol)
Lascelles reportedly questioned Diame's work ethic which started the fracas, with Diame retorting with an insult.
Shelvey is set to be monitored by medical staff ahead of the Magpies' trip to Southampton on Sunday week.
(Image: PA)
They were impressive as Newcastle drew 1-1 with Liverpool at St James' Park in the last game before the international break.
It was announced on Friday that Lascelles has penned a new six-year contract on Tyneside, keeping them with the club until 2023.
By The Associated Press
All Times EST AMERICAN CONFERENCE East W L T Pct PF PA Home Away AFC NFC Div New England 10 2 0 .833 348 223 4-2-0 6-0-0 7-1-0 3-1-0 3-0-0 Buffalo 7 6 0 .538 240 290 5-2-0 2-4-0 5-4-0 2-2-0 1-2-0 N.Y. Jets 5 7 0 .417 266 288 4-3-0 1-4-0 5-4-0 0-3-0 2-3-0 Miami 5 7 0 .417 209 298 3-3-0 2-4-0 4-4-0 1-3-0 1-2-0 South W L T Pct PF PA Home Away AFC NFC Div Tennessee 8 4 0 .667 266 282 5-1-0 3-3-0 7-4-0 1-0-0 4-1-0 Jacksonville 8 4 0 .667 299 178 4-2-0 4-2-0 8-2-0 0-2-0 3-1-0 Houston 4 9 0 .308 312 335 3-4-0 1-5-0 3-6-0 1-3-0 1-3-0 Indianapolis 3 10 0 .231 212 343 2-4-0 1-6-0 2-7-0 1-3-0 1-4-0 North W L T Pct PF PA Home Away AFC NFC Div Pittsburgh 10 2 0 .833 281 213 4-1-0 6-1-0 7-1-0 3-1-0 4-0-0 Baltimore 7 5 0 .583 280 207 4-2-0 3-3-0 5-3-0 2-2-0 2-1-0 Cincinnati 5 8 0 .385 226 271 3-4-0 2-4-0 5-6-0 0-2-0 2-3-0 Cleveland 0 13 0 .000 197 335 0-7-0 0-6-0 0-10-0 0-3-0 0-4-0 West W L T Pct PF PA Home Away AFC NFC Div Kansas City 7 6 0 .538 329 289 4-2-0 3-4-0 5-4-0 2-2-0 3-1-0 L.A. Chargers 6 6 0 .500 268 212 3-3-0 3-3-0 4-5-0 2-1-0 2-2-0 Oakland 6 7 0 .462 264 304 4-3-0 2-4-0 5-6-0 1-1-0 2-3-0 Denver 3 9 0 .250 206 315 3-3-0 0-6-0 2-7-0 1-2-0 2-3-0 NATIONAL CONFERENCE East W L T Pct PF PA Home Away NFC AFC Div Philadelphia 10 2 0 .833 361 215 6-0-0 4-2-0 8-1-0 2-1-0 4-0-0 Dallas 7 6 0 .538 316 294 3-4-0 4-2-0 6-4-0 1-2-0 4-1-0 Washington 5 7 0 .417 272 314 3-3-0 2-4-0 4-6-0 1-1-0 1-4-0 N.Y. Giants 2 11 0 .154 199 321 1-5-0 1-6-0 0-9-0 2-2-0 0-4-0 South W L T Pct PF PA Home Away NFC AFC Div New Orleans 9 4 0 .692 370 263 5-1-0 4-3-0 7-3-0 2-1-0 3-1-0 Carolina 9 4 0 .692 300 262 4-2-0 5-2-0 5-4-0 4-0-0 2-2-0 Atlanta 8 5 0 .615 294 261 4-3-0 4-2-0 7-2-0 1-3-0 2-1-0 Tampa Bay 4 9 0 .308 264 312 3-3-0 1-6-0 2-7-0 2-2-0 0-3-0 North W L T Pct PF PA Home Away NFC AFC Div Minnesota 10 3 0 .769 309 235 5-1-0 5-2-0 8-2-0 2-1-0 3-1-0 Detroit 7 6 0 .538 338 329 2-4-0 5-2-0 6-4-0 1-2-0 3-1-0 Green Bay 7 6 0 .538 285 302 4-3-0 3-3-0 5-4-0 2-2-0 2-2-0 Chicago 4 9 0 .308 224 274 2-5-0 2-4-0 1-9-0 3-0-0 0-4-0 West W L T Pct PF PA Home Away NFC AFC Div L.A. Rams 9 3 0 .750 361 222 4-2-0 5-1-0 6-3-0 3-0-0 3-1-0 Seattle 8 4 0 .667 290 222 4-2-0 4-2-0 6-3-0 2-1-0 4-0-0 Arizona 5 7 0 .417 219 310 3-3-0 2-4-0 3-6-0 2-1-0 2-3-0 San Francisco 3 10 0 .231 228 314 1-5-0 2-5-0 2-9-0 1-1-0 0-5-0
___
Thursday's Games
Atlanta 20, New Orleans 17
Sunday's Games
Dallas 30, N.Y. Giants 10
Carolina 31, Minnesota 24
Chicago 33, Cincinnati 7
Kansas City 26, Oakland 15
Detroit 24, Tampa Bay 21
Buffalo 13, Indianapolis 7, OT
Green Bay 27, Cleveland 21, OT
San Francisco 26, Houston 16
Tennessee at Arizona, 4:05 p.m.
N.Y. Jets at Denver, 4:05 p.m.
Washington at L.A. Chargers, 4:05 p.m.
Seattle at Jacksonville, 4:25 p.m.
Philadelphia at L.A. Rams, 4:25 p.m.
Baltimore at Pittsburgh, 8:30 p.m.
Monday's Games
New England at Miami, 8:30 p.m.
Thursday, Dec. 14
Denver at Indianapolis, 8:25 p.m.
Saturday, Dec. 16
Chicago at Detroit, 4:30 p.m.
L.A. Chargers at Kansas City, 8:25 p.m.
Sunday, Dec. 17
Philadelphia at N.Y. Giants, 1 p.m.
Cincinnati at Minnesota, 1 p.m.
Houston at Jacksonville, 1 p.m.
Arizona at Washington, 1 p.m.
N.Y. Jets at New Orleans, 1 p.m.
Miami at Buffalo, 1 p.m.
Green Bay at Carolina, 1 p.m.
Baltimore at Cleveland, 1 p.m.
L.A. Rams at Seattle, 4:05 p.m.
New England at Pittsburgh, 4:25 p.m.
Tennessee at San Francisco, 4:25 p.m.
Dallas at Oakland, 8:30 p.m.
Monday, Dec. 18
Atlanta at Tampa Bay, 8:30 p.m.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
1. The Alt-Right Is Not Conservative.
2. The Alt-Right Has Successfully Created The Impression There Are Lots Of Them. There Aren't.
3. The Alt-Right Has Been Tut-Tutted By President Trump And Their Advisors For Over A Year. Yesterday Was Nothing New.
4. The Car Attack Was An Act of Terrorism.
5. Trump's Unwillingness To Fight The Alt-Right Tooth And Nail Grows The Alt-Right.
6. The Left's Malfeasance And Support For Violent Groups Like Antifa Grow The Alt-Right.
7. The Media's Broad Misuse Of The Term Alt-Right Grows The Alt-Right.
Get money updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The owner of Hamleys has entered into discussions to acquire a stake in troubled department store House of Fraser, it can be revealed.
C Banner International Holdings, which bought Hamleys in 2015, has signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) with Nanjing Xinjiekou department store, a company affiliated with House of Fraser's owner Sanpower.
The Chinese firms signed the pact in Hong Kong on Tuesday with an official announcement due later in the day, sources told the Press Association.
The agreement signifies that C Banner and Nanjing have entered into talks about a sale of a stake in House of Fraser, although discussions are still at an early stage.
Shanghai-listed Nanjing owns an 89% stake in House of Fraser, and is a subsidiary of Sanpower, a Chinese conglomerate chaired by billionaire Yuan Yafei.
Nanjing is also in discussions with tourism company Wuji Wenhua over selling a 51% stake in the British department store.
The talks with Wuji Wenhua were first announced in March, but Sanpower did not rule out selling a part of its House of Fraser holdings to a third party.
(Image: Getty)
The potential sale of a stake in House of Fraser has raised questions about Yafei's commitment to the troubled retailer.
However, Yafei has said they are committed to House of Fraser as it puts together a turnaround strategy.
It is unclear at this stage how a combination of two of the best known names in British retail would play out, but the move comes at a delicate time for House of Fraser.
The British department store has now enlisted advisers at KPMG to look at a possible restructuring that could involve store closures.
KPMG is exploring a number of options for House of Fraser, including a Company Voluntary Agreement (CVA), a type of insolvency procedure that would allow the retailer to close stores and cut rents on other outlets.
Several household names have pursued CVAs so far this year in a bid to save costs, including New Look and Byron.
The White House's IT department believes that Chief of Staff John Kelly's personal cellphone was compromised at some point before the summer, three government officials told Politico.
Over the summer, Kelly asked the department to take a look at their phone, because it hadn't been working right for several months and couldn't update software, Politico reports. After investigating further, workers determined the phone had been compromised at some point, and Kelly couldn't use it any more. They aren't sure when or where their phone was when it became compromised, or if any data has been accessed by hackers. There's also the concern that a hacker could have gained complete access to the phone, including the camera and microphone.
Before becoming chief of staff in July, Kelly was secretary of Homeland Security. A White House official told Politico that Kelly rarely used their personal cellphone, instead primarily relying on their government-issued phone. Catherine Garcia
BANNED performance-enhancing supplements. Drug resistant bacteria.
These are the disturbing new finds in an 'autopsy' of an enormous 750m long 'fatberg' found on the South Bank in Central London. It's just one of 12 such greasy beasts currently clogging London's sewerage system.
All have to be cleared by hand.
And that costs about $1.5 million, each month.
Waterworks authorities have been given the job of finding out exactly what's causing - and what's in - these enormous blobs of congealed fat.
And what Londoners have been flushing down their toilets is cause for concern.
The process goes something like this.
Leftover cooking oil gets tipped down the sink.
This is immediately attracted to the 'wet-ones' people insist on flushing down their toilets despite warnings not to do so.
Together, they catch an enormous variety gruesome discards.
Human fat. Sanitary pads. Condoms. Needles.
"The fat sticks to the side of the pipe, the wet wipes come down and stick to the fat, other fat comes down and sticks to the wet wipes and that adds to the mass of the fatberg," civil engineering consultant Andy Drinkwater told The Guardian.
But it's the trace elements bound within the 90 per cent fat that is so revealing.
Among the surprise discoveries is the sheer quantity of banned muscle-growth supplements such as hordenine and ostarine. These were found in far greater quantities than recreational drugs such as MDMA and cocaine.
But this was not the worst of it.
There were also thriving colonies of antibiotic-resistant, life-threatening bacterins. These include Lysteria, Campylobactre, and E. coli.
While contained to the sewerage system at the moment, there is the threat these could overflow and contaminate the surface above - just like the devastating cholera epidemics of centuries past.
© Damian Dovarganes/Associated Press
© George W. Bush Jr.
'Shock and awe'
An image redemption tour
© Associated Press
An attempt to elide responsibility
NEW YORK — In slightly more time than it takes to give your clothes a wash and a spin, customers can transform an old Hermès scarf into a new one.
Hermès takes its scarves seriously — from the first silk version in 1837, to the popular 90 x 90 cm variety that for 76 years has been engraved, woven and printed in the Lyon region of France, scarves are not an afterthought. Hermès even has its own name for scarves — carré.
Atallah Hanna, the Archbishop of Sebastia from the Greek Orthodox Patriarchate of Jerusalem has visited Damascus today.During their visit, they met with the Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, stressing that President Assad assured themselves as an important figure of protecting the Christians, not just in Syria, but elsewhere in the Middle East too, noting that they do not consider Christians just as a "minority", but rather an important and integral part of the Syrian society.Bishop Hanna also said that they received negative reactions from both the Palestinians and the Israelis because of their meeting with Assad and their supportive position on Syria, and as regards Israel, also for their role in the case of Al Aqsa mosque, saying that all this may cause their arrest or deportation, adding that none of this will deter them from their positions on Palestine and the Arab world issues, noting that conspirators against Syria are conspirators against Palestine as well.Some, however, objected to their presence inside the Al Aqsa mosque because of their position on Syria.He pointed out one cannot talk about Palestine without talking about Muslims and Christians together, stressing that unity of the Palestinian people is the most important step to achieve freedom.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
The View: Andre Leon Talley, Caissie Levy
The Talk: Hank Azaria, guest co-hosts Carrie Ann Inaba, Carnie Wilson
Live with Kelly and Ryan: Tituss Burgess, Chris Byrne
Ellen DeGeneres: Kristen Bell, Jamie & Corinne Foxx, Fall Out Boy
Wendy Williams: Janet Mock
Harry: Tom Bergeron (R)
The Real: Father's Day gifts for $20 or less
Steve: Tiffani Thiessen, Ta'Rhonda Jones, Jenni Pulos, Diann Valentine (R)
Access Live: Tom Bergeron, Maxwell Jenkins (R)
News services
News services
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Ian Wright believes Mohamed Salah has achieved something at Liverpool that legends Thierry Henry and Emmanuel Petit did not at Arsenal.
The 25-year-old has scored a staggering 41 goals in 46 appearances since moving to the Reds for £37million last summer.
Salah's incredible season was capped on Sunday when they were awarded the PFA Player of the Year award.
Despite the likes of Henry and Petit holding legendary statuses at Arsenal, which Salah doesn't quite have yet at Liverpool, Wright believes the Red forward impressed more in their first season.
(Image: PA)
(Image: Daily Mirror)
Wright wrote in The Sun : "It's easy to forget now, given the heights they [Petit and Henry] went on to scale so regularly, how both took time to adjust when they first arrived in England.
"The pair of them came here on the back of troubled times at Juventus and Inter Milan respectively — but didn't dominate the Prem straight away.
"Egyptian ace Salah, on the other hand, didn't just hit the ground running, they did so at such a pace that they would have left even Usain Bolt for dead."
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A sausage dog blew up to three times its size after its windpipe was punctured - but owners have no idea how it happened.
Vets had to stitch up the hole to deflate Trevor and stop their body filling with air like a balloon.
Dramatic X-rays show the enlarged outline of their body, inflated by the leak.
Owner Fran Jennings, 49, from Lymm, Cheshire, said: "We came down and found Trevor in a bad state, they literally looked like he'd blown up like a balloon and we had no idea what had happened.
(Image: cascadenews.co.uk)
(Image: cascadenews.co.uk)
(Image: cascadenews.co.uk)
"He was three times the size they should've been.
"We put them straight in the car and took them to the 24-hour emergency vets and they had never seen anything quite like it."
Vet Michelle Coward, of Beech House surgery, in Warrington, Cheshire, treated the four-year-old dachshund.
They said: "Every time they took a breath, some of the inhaled air escaped through a hole in their windpipe around the muscles and fatty tissue under the skin, and X-rays showed the emphysema was worsening.
"Surgery was the only way to repair the injury but due to its location, there was a significant risk of complications.
"I have never seen a case like this before and it was a new surgery for me."
Fran's daughter Jessica said: "When I saw Trevor, they looked like a big fat seal, their whole body was like a blob and you couldn't tell their face from their neck."
Fran, a mum-of-three who runs Pets Animal Hotel, in Lymm, said they had no idea what caused the injury.
Air was leaking out under their skin over their whole body, even causing their heart to lift off their sternum, they said.
(Image: cascadenews.co.uk)
(Image: cascadenews.co.uk)
"Whatever it was, it affected their breathing so we had to leave them there while they tried to find out what was wrong," they said.
Vets discovered a hole in their windpipe which had to be stitched up before the handsome dog could be "deflated."
Trevor was kept in while tests were carried out and they were diagnosed with sub-cutaneous emphysema - an abnormal collection of air under the skin in the lowest level of the skin's tissues and muscles known as the subcutis or hyperdermis.
Vet Michelle, who works for the Willows Veterinary Group, said: "Trevor was presented to us with signs of severe air ingress under the skin.
"There were no external injuries that would explain how air had got under the skin, so we suspected that an internal injury to the airway or oesophagus could have been allowing the air to leak into the body.
"Trevor's surgery went well, they made a quick recovery and was monitored in the hospital. When they came back for their check-ups following the surgery they were very bouncy and happy.
"He's a great character and everybody loves him. They were a pleasure to nurse.
"It was certainly an interesting case and one that is unusual as far as I understand.
"There should not be any long-term impact to Trevor's health".
Fran's daughter, Jessica, who shows sausage dogs at Crufts and helps run the family business said: "It was horrible seeing them like that, we had to deflate the air out of him, it was weird.
(Image: cascadenews.co.uk)
(Image: cascadenews.co.uk)
"He's a little sweetie, he's always running about happy, they look like they have a big smile on their face, he's very cheeky.
"He's also quite mischievous and often gets up to trouble - that's why we've nicknamed them Tricky Trevor.
"You know straight away whenever there's anything wrong with him.
"But now he's back to their normal self, chasing the chickens and we wouldn't have them any other way."
Rachel Dean, who regularly takes care of the family's dogs at Lymm Veterinary Surgery, which is also part of Willows Veterinary Group, knows Trevor well and their team have also been helping Trevor to recover from their ordeal.
They said: "Trevor is a gentle and lovely dog, getting excited when given a fuss.
"We know Trevor and their family very well and we are all thrilled to see them looking back to their normal self and recovering so well."
Activist visits Santa Clara as part of tour
Emma Pollans
Associate Reporter
February 1, 2018
Conservative student activist Lauren Cooley recently spoke at Santa Clara as part of their “Make Campus Great Again” tour, hosted by SCU College Republicans.
Cooley discussed their view on the importance of bringing more conservative ideas to college campuses, as well as pushing for political activism. The Jan. 23 talk was the SCU College Republican's first major speaker event on campus.
At 24 years old, Cooley is the Red Alert Politics Editor at the Washington Examiner, where they oversee a team of young writers that cover issues specific to millennials. They also founded the Campus Red PAC during the 2016 presidential election, designed to mobilize conservative voters on college campuses, specifically in Florida.
The talk opened with Cooley explaining their personal background and experiences, where they noted that colleges were often unwilling to bring in conservative guest speakers or even people with ideas that differed from the liberal norm found on campuses.
Cooley went on to talk about their work and involvement with Turning Point USA, where they learned about the great amount of unregistered college voters. As the 2016 election drew close, they worked to build the Campus Red PAC relying on peer-topeer interaction to register several thousand conservative students. Another area Cooley stressed was the idea of safe spaces.
They expanded on that by saying that safe spaces are an unrealistic escape from the real world that we should not rely upon.
During the last part of their talk, Cooley gave conservative students advice on how they could “Make Campus Great Again.” This included urging them to fight for free speech, in addition to the importance of having an American flag on campus.
Cooley's main message for conservative students was to follow the idea of “purposeful provocation.” This defined as standing up to something that would impede on freedom of speech and starting a conversation, rather than just loudly protesting everything they might disagree with.
Contact Emma Pollans at epollans@scu.edu or call (408) 554-4852.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Valentine's Day - one day of the year you either love or hate depending on your relationship status.
But if you find yourself single this year, then don't despair, there are still plenty of fun things you can do with your mates or solo to ensure the day is one to remember (in a good way).
If you're stuck for inspiration we've curated the ultimate anti- Valentine's Day guide, so even if you're on your own you're bound to have a great time.
Go to a single's night
Sites like match.com and the REVL app host events all around the UK that are great for meeting people.
Valentine's is the prime time to take the plunge, not just because it's when the most single people are free, but because you'll both have something to roll your eyes at to ease the tension. Alternatively, take a look at the events below.
London:
(Image: Bounce)
Embrace the big day as just another excuse for a party and go all out with a UV Ping-Pong session at Holborn's Bounce, taking place on February 14.
A ticket to the event includes unlimited UV Ping Pong all night, face painters and Bumble's live art installation - just watch out for the 'Love Police' who will be taking mugshots of Romance Rebels who have disobeyed the anti-Valentine's rules.
Tickets cost £5.
(Image: designmynight.com)
Held at East London venue XOYO, this is the perfect event for singles and Beyoncé fans alike.
Expect a night of Beyoncé and Destiny's Child hits, so you can show the world why your ex should've put a ring on it. Just don't get too drunk in love.
Tickets from £8.
(Image: designmynight)
As they say themselves 'Who's got time for romance when the world needs saving?'.
Time Run for an anti-Valentine's special and team up with like-minded adventurers to quest through time and space for an immersive escape room experience like no other.
Each game last 90 minutes with 60 minutes of play, and you can have groups up to six.
Tickets from £35.
Reading:
(Image: iStockphoto)
Don't wait around this Valentine's Day, why not try speed dating and grab a date or three.
Speed dater events are organising a special Valentine's edition at All Bar One on February 14. It's perfect chance to put yourself out of your comfort zone and try something unusual. It's one of the only chances you'll get to have 15 dates in one night, so don't miss out.
Tickets cost £20 and you can sign up here.
Newcastle:
Singles Night in Greys Club
(Image: Getty)
Fancy a laugh? Newcastle Chronicle have found this amazing Valentine's Single Night on the big day.
‘A Swingin' Valentines Day Rompy Pompy' will be held at city club, Grey's on February 14, with a still to be confirmed headline DJ ready to provide the soundtrack for singletons to do some serious partying.
Tickets cost £6 each and you can get them here.
See a great show
(Image: Royal Exchange theatre)
You don't need a date for a play this good. It's on from February 9 to 24 and features Julie Hesmondhalgh from Coronation Street.
The play is the story of a girl growing up in a battered part of Stockport in the Seventies who falls in love with the man who will break their heart. Perfect if you're not feeling romantic.
Tickets cost £9 to £20 and you can get them here.
Pamper yourself
(Image: Getty)
If your idea of an hour of luxury is an afternoon at the spa why not book a little pampering session as Valentine's Day treat to yourself? Try lastminute.com or buyagift.co.uk for an amazing deal on packages available across the country.
Try a new experience
Forget wallowing alone at home - make being single fun by trying something daring and different like driving a super car. Like a single's bucket list if you will.
We recommend Virgin Experiences, lastminute.com and buyagift.co.uk who all have a range of activities on offer that you wouldn't ever get round to if you had a boring 'other half' to consider.
Feast on food
(Image: Getty)
As couples all around the country avoid picking the spaghetti, chicken wings or anything with garlic in, you can indulge yourself with whatever food you fancy.
Treat yourself to a takeaway, there are plenty of pizza deals to be found here, pick up a couples meal deal from Tesco and eat it all yourself, or finally get round to cooking that Jamie Oliver recipe you've had stuck to the fridge for the past few months.
If you're ordering for one, get the whole thing for free with our £15 cash back deals on takeaways here.
Drinks with friends
Nothing makes you realise significant others are overrated more than a good night out with your closest (and fellow single) friends.
Do a little bit of research before you head out (or drink too much to remember how to use the internet) as there's plenty of single drinks and free entry deals on during V-day. We suggest checking sites like Groupon, Vouchercloud and Vouchercodes.co.uk.
Or host a drinking session of your own. Here's our best cheap wine deals.
Book an escape
(Image: E+)
If you've really had enough with the rest of the world and the only thing for it is a holiday getaway, why not take a trip with Solitair holidays, who do package holidays specifically for solo travellers.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A girl has been arrested following an incident on a Stagecoach bus last week, police have said.
The 12-year-old girl was arrested in connection with an assault on a bus in Brockworth last week.
Police said their investigation into the incident is ongoing.
News of the arrest follows reports on a Facebook group that a girl had their hair burned while on a bus in Brockworth last week.
Stagecoach has also been dealing with anti-social behaviour in Cheltenham and is diverting its C service from the town centre to Springbank after yobs threw missiles at buses on a number of occasions.
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Jewish leaders described a crucial meeting with Jeremy Corbyn over anti-Semitism in the Labour Party as a “ disappointing missed opportunity”.
Leaders said their hope of “building trust” with Mr Corbyn had been dashed after their failure to agree to any of their demands.
They issued a damning statement following the two-hour meeting with the Labour leader saying that Mr Corbyn's proposals “fell short of the minimum level of action which our letter suggested”.
Referring to an article penned by Mr Corbyn, they continued: “Words in letters and newspaper articles will never be enough.
“We welcome the fact that Mr Corbyn's words have changed but it is action by which the Jewish community will judge them and the Labour Party.”
Referring to the huge demonstration outside Parliament by Jewish Labour MPs and members they said: “Thousands of British Jews did not demonstrate outside Parliament just for a few lawyers and another newspaper article; they demanded action and so do we.”
But Mr Corbyn described it as a “positive and constructive” meeting.
(Image: PA)
And they repeated their commitment to “rooting out antisemitism from our party and our society”.
Before the gathering Board of Deputies president Jonathan Arkush said they hoped it was a "turning point" but following their discussion their appointment was apparent.
Jeremy Corbyn hosted the meeting alongside new general secretary Jennie Formby and shadow communities and local government secretary Andrew Gwynne.
Earlier today the Labour leader delivered their most fullsome apology yet for the anti- Semitism within their party.
Mr Corbyn has been dogged by claims anti-Semitism has been allowed to run “rife” in the party under their premiership.
They admitted the party's internal checks have “been simply not fully fit for purpose” and “we did not look closely enough at ourselves”.
(Image: PA)
“We have not done enough fully to get to grips with the problem, and for that the Jewish community and our own Jewish members deserve an apology,” they write.
“My party and I are sorry for the hurt and distress caused.”
The Labour leader's admissions came in an article for the London Evening Standard, published just hours before their meeting with representatives from the Board of Deputies of British Jews and the Jewish Leadership Council.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
They said: "We must also face the uncomfortable fact that a small number of our members and supporters hold anti-Semitic views and attitudes, which need to be confronted and dealt with more rapidly and effectively."
It comes after Jewish Labour MPs stood up in the House of Commons and gave distressing testimony of the anti-Semitic abuse they have faced.
New Delhi: The Janata Dal-United (JD-U) has criticised Union Minister Faggan Singh Kulaste`s statement wherein they smelled a "conspiracy" in deaths of infants in a Gorakhpur hospital.
JD (U) spokesperson K.C. Tyagi termed this statement as unacceptable, and said, "This is a time to provide relief to the affected people.Such statements weren`t required and I strongly condemn their statement."
JD-U rebel MP Ali Anwar Ansari also condemned Kulaste`s statement and demanded Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath over the incident that has shaken the nation.
Anwar said that the opposition is completely justified in asking for the resignation of Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath.
"Demanding CM`s resignation is the very least that the opposition is doing. The Prime Minister should sack them if they don`t resign." they added.
On Sunday, Union Minister of State, Health and Family Welfare Faggan Singh Kulaste on Sunday hinted that there could be a conspiracy behind this tragedy."There may be a conspiracy behind this incident.
It can be clearly observed from the comparison of the figures of children`s death before 9th and after that.
Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath has directed a probe into this matter and it is their responsibility on Monday.
The reason behind the Gorakhpur incident needs to be studied vividly. It will take time to improve the condition of the healthcare sector in Uttar Pradesh," they told ANI.According to data procured from Gorakhpur`s Baba Raghav Das Medical College Hospital, in five days — from August 7 to August 11, a total of 60 children died in the hospital allegedly due to the unavailability of liquid oxygen cylinders.
The Uttar Pradesh government, however, has denied that the children died due to shortage of oxygen cylinders.
© David Hallett/Stuff
An 8.4 magnitude quake off the East Coast of New Zealand could release 2000 times more energy than the 2011 Christchurch earthquake, experts say.It could cause a "megathrust" earthquake, and the dangers it poses are being discussed at a summit in Napier this week - with local councils, iwi and civil defence involved.It is potentially the largest source of earthquake and tsunami hazard in New Zealand, but scientists say there is still much to learn about it.Marcus Hayes-Jones from Napier Civil Defence said they "can't emphasise how serious" New Zealand must take this "genuine risk".In 2015, scientists finally found proof that central New Zealand could be ticking down to a highly damaging "megathrust" earthquake Previous research has shown the Hikurangi-southern Kermadec subduction zone segment had the characteristics of the locations of previous giant earthquakes. Schellart , of Monash University in Melbourne."The southernmost part of the Hikurangi subduction zone is currently experiencing compression," Schellart said at the time."The crust in the southern part of the North Island is being shortened and compressed, which implies that the subduction zone fault has high stress on it, which can mean that the fault is temporarily locked."If that part slipped it could create a large earthquake and potentially could result in a cascading effect, causing segments further to the north to slip as well."If a large segment of a fault slips that generates a large earthquake," they said.In a giant earthquake a very large part of a fault slips.In the Boxing Day 2004 quake off Sumatra, which caused a tsunami that killed more than 200,000 people, about 1300 kilometres of the subduction zone fault slipped. In the 2011 Japanese quake, about 400km to 500km slipped.In the Hikurangi subduction zone "numerous" hundreds of kilometres could slip to the northeast, "and then it would be a giant earthquake", Schellart said.The biggest risk would be between East Cape and Cook Strait, the area immediately bordering the edge of the subduction zone.Hikurangi is part of a larger subduction zone called the Hikurangi-Kermadec-Tonga subduction zone which stretchs all the way to Tonga.
In fact, during the Cipel suit, McGreevey's lawyers contacted the Federal Bureau of Investigation and tipped them off about a possible Kushner-Cipel extortion operation directed against the governor.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Kalidou Koulibaly's 90th minute winner against Juventus triggered an 'earthquake' spike in Naples on Saturday night.
The towering header kept the title race alive as Napoli moved to within one point of the reigning champions with just four games left to play.
Despite the fact the game was held in the Juventus Stadium in Turin, the goal was celebrated so wildly back home that it could be seen on a seismic reading.
The Euro-Med Seismological Centre, which monitors earthquake activity across Europe, registered a spike in seismic activity in Fuorigrotta, a suburb of the city.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
They posted on their Facebook , writing: "The seismographs of the national seismic network INGV. More precisely, near Fuorigrotta (Napoli). The match was not played in Napoli: ground movement only due by the fans at home watching the match."
The goal meant that Maurizio Sarri's side are well and truly in the title race as they hope to win their first crown in 28 years and just their third overall.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
It meant so much to the fans that as much as 10,000 fans waited at the city's airport to welcome the team home in the early hours of Monday morning.
They'll be hoping for a miracle and will fancy themselves with Juve having the tougher run in of the two sides.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
The holders face Champions League hopefuls Inter Milan and Roma in the next few weeks, while there is also the distraction of the Coppa Italia final against AC Milan.
Napoli has to tackle Fiorentina, Torino, Sampdoria and Crotone in their final fixtures.
Get money updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Paid overtime is far less lucrative than it used to be, with only a minority of workers receiving the traditional time-and-a-half premium, a new report reveals.
One in 10 workers did pay overtime in the past year, but only a fifth got at least time-and-a-half for the extra hours, said the Resolution Foundation.
Overtime is more common in transport, affecting almost one in five workers, and manufacturing (14%), compared with just 4% in teaching, the study found.
More than half of retail workers receive no premium for overtime, said the report.
Conor D'Arcy, senior policy analyst at the Resolution Foundation, said: "Paid overtime is a massive workplace issue for millions of workers, and yet it enjoys a fraction of the attention given to more niche areas like the gig economy.
"This is likely due to it being a bigger deal outside London, and in more traditional sectors like manufacturing and agriculture.
"While paid overtime is popular, it's far less lucrative than it used to be. Only a minority of workers still enjoy the traditional 'time-and-a-half' pay premium."
How much overtime do you work?
If you think you're going well above your weekly threshold, calculate your hours below to work out how much you could be losing in earnings.
Do employers have to pay you for overtime?
(Image: Getty)
ACAS says overtime is classed as hours that are worked outside of your normal hours - the time frame that can be found in your contract. This can be voluntary or compulsory. Compulsory overtime would form part of the terms and conditions of employer.
Unfortunately, there is no legal right to be paid extra for any overtime worked, this may be detailed in the terms of employment.
However, employees' average pay for the total hours worked mustn't fall below the National Minimum Wage.
New minimum wage rates for 2018 *the £3.70 rate apples to apprentices under 19 or in their first year
What about the 48 hour working week?
The law says that most workers shouldn't have to work more than 48 hours a week on average. This includes overtime.
You can choose to work more than 48 hours a week - but your employer can't tell you that you have to.
If you're under 18, you normally aren't allowed to work more than 40 hours a week.
If a worker agrees to work beyond the 48-hour limit they must put it in writing, this is generally known at an 'opt-out'.
Workers have the right to cancel the opt-out agreement, although they must give their employer at least 7 days' notice - a longer period of notice may be agreed by the employer, but it can be no longer than 3 months.
Young people (16 and 17 year olds) normally cannot opt out of the 48 hour working week, as they may not normally work more than a 40-hours per week.
Help - 'I'm being forced to work more than 48 hours'
Your employer can't force you to work more than 48 hours a week if you haven't agreed to it in writing. If they do, they could be breaking the law.
If you feel they're taking advantage, raise your concern with your employer to try and work it out.
The Citizens Advice Bureau (CAB) says if you want to make a formal complaint, you are well within your rights to do so.
To do this, put it in writing to your company or boss. The letter should set out what your complaint is with enough detail for your employer to be able to investigate it properly. You can use CAB's template letter to set out the details of your grievance.
If you need to take matters further, you can make a claim to an employment tribunal. To do this, you must notify the Advisory, Conciliation and Arbitration Service (Acas) of your potential claim first.
If you refuse to work more than 48 hours a week and feel like you're being treated differently because of it, you could be being unfairly treated. If nothing is resolved, you can raise a grievance and then go to a tribunal.
AIR New Zealand has come under fire for its latest in-flight meal offering - a synthetic meat burger known as the Impossible Burger.
The New Zealand First party's primary industries spokesperson Mark Patterson called the promotion of the "Impossible Burger", which contains a plant-based meat substitute, on some international flights a "slap in the face" for New Zealand's red meat sector, reports the NZ Herald.
Air New Zealand has teamed up with Silicon Valley start-up Impossible Foods to serve the burger to premium customers.
The plant-based burger will be available as part of its business premier menu on flights NZ1 and NZ5 from Los Angeles to Auckland until late October.
"The national carrier should be showcasing our premium quality grass-fed New Zealand red meat, not promoting a product that has the potential to pose an existential threat to New Zealand's second biggest export earner," Mr Patterson said.
"There has been widespread concern in the regions at the loss of services from provincial airports and now we have Air New Zealand actively promoting synthetic proteins which have a genetic modification component to them. This is not a good example of New Zealand Inc working together for the greater good."
Patterson called for Air New Zealand to review its decision and instead showcase New Zealand produce to international visitors.
NZ National Party agriculture spokesperson Nathan Guy expressed their disappointment on Twitter over the promotion.
"Disappointing to see Air NZ promoting a GE substitute meat burger on its flights to the USA. We produce the most delicious steaks & lamb on the planet - GMO & hormone free. The national carrier should be pushing our premium products and helping sell NZ to the world," Guy tweeted.
Comment was being sought from Air New Zealand.
Disappointing to see Air NZ promoting a GE substitute meat burger on its flights to the USA. We produce the most delicious steaks & lamb on the planet - GMO & hormone free. The national carrier should be pushing our premium products and helping sell NZ to the world. — Nathan Guy (@NathanGuyOtaki) 3 July 2018
At June 2018, meat products were worth $A6.1 billion to the New Zealand economy, behind dairy which was the country's top export earner on $A12.9 billion. In April this year tourism was worth $A13.4 billion to the economy.
In March, Regional Economic Development Minister and NZ First MP Shane Jones criticised the board of Air New Zealand following the carrier's decision to cut flights to Kapiti, on the lower North Island.
"I'm telling that board, in terms of the growth and connectivity in provincial New Zealand, it will not increase unless that board changes," they said.
They also warned Air New Zealand chief executive Christopher Luxon to butt out of politics.
"Do not poke your nose into the political boxing ring unless you're going to resign today and join the ranks of the National Party. This is a legitimate issue on behalf of those provincial areas who have been short-changed. I've said all along, my focus is on the board."
This story was originally published on the NZ Herald and is republished with permission.
Historically, fisheries and the conservation community have struggled to find common ground. The tension between one's desire to turn a profit and the other's to preserve endangered or protected marine species that can be killed as bycatch has made it difficult to find solutions that satisfy both. Now, a new online tool developed by researchers at San Diego State University in collaboration with the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) and other universities could win support from both groups. EcoCast, developed with funding from the NASA Applied Sciences Ecological Forecasting Program, provides computer-generated maps to help fishermen target productive fishing spots while alerting them to areas likely to harbor protected species.
"This is a really different way of approaching fisheries management," said Rebecca Lewison, a lead scientist on the project from San Diego State University and senior author of the new paper. "EcoCast pioneers a way of evaluating both conservation objectives and economic profitability. Instead of trying to shut down U.S. fisheries, EcoCast is trying to help U.S. fishermen fish smarter, allowing them to meet their set quota of target catch and avoid unwanted bycatch."
Current protection zones for species are static, meaning authorities declare a zone off-limits to fishermen for some duration of time. But weather and oceanic conditions are ever-shifting, with species constantly moving in and out of protected areas. When protection zones are out of sync with the animals they're designed to protect, both fisheries and conservation lose.
What's needed is a more dynamic tool that shifts protected areas in response to species' movements, Lewison said. Enter EcoCast. The new tool works like this: Every day, EcoCast pulls in data from the NOAA CoastWatch program, which uses satellite imaging to monitor ocean conditions around the world. Then it combines that with existing data on where both target fish populations and endangered species are likely to be found under various ocean conditions. The result is a probability model that can predict where different marine species are likely to be found that day.
Each morning, fishermen can receive an up-to-date report based on the day's ocean conditions letting them know where the fish they want are--and where endangered species are likely to be, too. In doing so, EcoCast aims to improve the economic and environmental sustainability of fisheries that have inadvertently caught and killed sensitive species.
"We're harnessing the field of big data so that information on ocean conditions can be of use to fishermen are likely to find the swordfish they want to catch while also avoiding the species that they do not want to catch," said Elliott Hazen, a research ecologist at NOAA Fisheries' Southwest Fisheries Science Center and lead author of the new paper.
Right now, EcoCast provides bycatch warning locations for leatherback sea turtles, blue sharks and California sea lions, Lewison explained, and is currently focused on a region off the coast of California. But they hope the team behind the program can expand the number of species and even to other fisheries in the near future.
"This program can be modified to meet the future needs of fishermen and the conservation community," they said. "It can take into account new types of fishing gear, new regulations and new fishing areas that might open up."
In addition to Lewison, the team includes scientists and managers from NOAA; NOAA CoastWatch West Coast Regional Node, the University of California, Santa Cruz; Stanford University; Old Dominion University; University of Maryland; and the University of the Sunshine Coast in Australia. A number of fishermen also contributed to the design of and data collection behind the program.
When the researchers modeled how use of the EcoCast might play out under real fishing conditions, they found they could adequately protect endangered species while making off-limits areas between two and 10 times smaller, providing fishermen dramatically more space to fish for target species. These findings were published this week in the journal Science Advances.
"EcoCast is an example of Fisheries scientists working with our academic colleagues to promote sustainable commercial fishing opportunities through efficient catch and bycatch avoidance, maximizing fishing opportunities while ensuring the sustainability of fisheries and fishing communities, " said Toby Garfield, director of the Environmental Research Division at NOAA's Southwest Fisheries Science Center.
This means that fishermen are likely to embrace and use EcoCast for a couple of reasons. For one, their own fish hauls and profits benefit from the reduced size of areas closed to fishing. But just as importantly, EcoCast demonstrates the importance of industry-science partnerships. The EcoCast team worked with fishermen from the beginning to help design and develop the program, acknowledging the critical role that fishermen play in the future of sustainable fisheries.
"EcoCast represents a new approach to dynamically manage our ocean resources, which is an exciting advance in fisheries management, "Lewison said "By working directly with fisheries, we can develop tools that can help US fleet to fish smarter."
###
After winning the NASCAR Winston Cup Series Championship in 2000, veteran race car driver Bobby Labonte has been investing in some well-deserved relaxation far from the frenzy of the track. In late 2017, Labonte purchased a 4,000-square foot cabin on over 15 acres of land within a mile of High Point, North Carolina, with the intention of turning it into their tranquil dream home.
Related: Check out another smart home owned by a NASCAR champ
Life of Leisure
With leisure top-of-mind, Labonte wanted their laidback abode to include a simple, centralized means of control that could seamlessly manage audio, video, climate, security, and lighting. During the gut-renovation, Labonte asked Jeff Grissett, co-owner of local integration firm Advanced Tech Systems, Inc. for their suggestion on a home automation system that could do just that. “I recommended that Bobby invest in the ELAN system because it is the easiest-to-use automation system out there,” Grissett says. “I took Bobby to our showroom in Greensboro to demo ELAN, and they were immediately sold. All it takes is a few minutes with the ELAN interface to truly understand how easy it is.”
Automated Lights, AV and Climate
Grissett and their team installed one ELAN gSC10 controller paired with an ELAN S1616A 16×16 Audio Matrix/Amplifier for multi-room audio, and an ELAN EL­4KM­V88 8×8 HDBaseT Matrix to send video content to all five of the home's televisions. Advanced Tech Systems integrated the ELAN system with a Lutron system for lighting control and Aprilaire HVAC system for climate control.
Amazon Alexa Takes Charge
“Not only can Bobby and their wife access every system with ELAN touchpanels and remotes, but they can use Amazon Alexa to control their home with voice commands,” Grissett explains. “ELAN's integration with Alexa really takes ease-of-use to the next level. Our team built over fifty Amazon Alexa events commands through ELAN, including ‘home' and ‘away' scenes. When Bobby says, ‘Alexa, I'm going away,' ELAN will turn the lights, music, and televisions off.”
Near-Invisible Speakers
Labonte also desired high quality audio indoors and outdoors. Advanced Tech Systems installed 14 SpeakerCraft in-ceiling AIM275 Speakers, four AIM LCR5 in-walls paired with Sunfire HRS8 subwoofers in eight rooms of the house, with four SpeakerCraft OE6 speakers on the patio and porch. Together, they provide an immersive yet nearly invisible music listening experience.
“The audio system is really slick. The in-ceiling and in-wall speakers provide the best possible sound quality, but you'd never know they were there unless the sound is on,” Labonte explains. “It is really convenient for us to not have to worry about speakers taking up a lot of space in the room. We can enjoy the rustic nature of the home, but take advantage of modern amenities.”
Rustic Charm and Modern Technology Unite
During the renovation process, Labonte worked with interior designer firm The Decorator's Edge to seamlessly blend the home's design with top-of-the-line technology. “Our goal was to turn a cabin into a traditional home and incorporate unique, modern accents,” lead designer Eric Lackey says. “We worked with Jeff Grissett and the Advanced Tech Systems team to position the technology in an unobtrusive way. The end-result is a rustic home in the woods that is equipped with the most advanced smart functionality.”
Protection for AV Gear
The Advanced Tech Systems team backed up the new AV system with a Furman F1500­UPS Battery Back-Up with Linear Filtration and Surge Protection in the equipment rack to ensure that the system would run smoothly after the project completed.
“Power protection is so important, and this Furman product includes a UPS power supply for the equipment that requires battery backup,” Grissett adds. “The Furman F1500­UPS also includes BlueBOLT functionality that allows for remote system rebooting and self-healing by sensing when the units lose connection to the internet. BlueBOLT is especially convenient in this home, which is off the beaten path and not easy to locate for servicing.”
Elan Provides the Dashboard to Easy Living
Since moving into their dream home, Labonte claims that the ELAN system has far surpassed their expectations of what owning a smart home really means. “I didn't think it was possible to harness control of every system in the house with one interface,” Labonte says. “ELAN takes separate systems and puts them together. It just makes life easier.”
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A teen was left covered in blood after a horror piercing that caused their face to swell up like a balloon.
Caitiee, 17, said a hole in their right cheek bled for four days and their face is still swollen three weeks after the botched procedure.
It would bleed every time they moved, and doctors were afraid to remove the piercing in case it went septic.
As the piercing was inserted, they knew something wasn't right when they felt like they were going to pass out due to the unbearable pain, Dublin Live reports.
But staff at the body piercing studio insisted that everything had gone to plan.
(Image: DublinLive WS)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Caitee, a mum-of-one, told 98FM's Dublin Talks: "I wanted dimples and I was sitting in a bed one night wondering how to get them and I came across the piercing.
"They got a needle and put it through my face and then put a bar in it.
"There are two balls on each end, one the inside of my cheek and one on the outside and they're screwed on to stay in place."
They added: "Something wasn't right so [the piercer] did my cheek that was bad and was bleeding first.
"I can't even describe the pain of that one, I thought I was going to pass out, they kind of looked at it for a few minutes and it swelled straight away.
"She said 'that swelled a bit much and it's going over the bar', so they went and got the owner of the shop and they said 'it'll be grand, it's grand, just do the other side'.
(Image: DublinLive WS)
"When they were standing over I noticed that they told them to do the other side differently.
"That one was grand and I still have that one in, I knew that something wasn't right because that side of my face was like a balloon. But I said 'it'll go down, whatever' so I left the shop.
"But about an hour when I got home I tried to eat something and it started bleeding."
Them appearance worsened overnight, with the whole side of their face swollen.
Caitiee, of Jobstown, South Dublin, said: "It's still swollen now, I've obviously had the bar taken out but there's still a lump. I couldn't even move my face or it'd start bleeding, and any chance I got I'd have to clean the dirt around it and it'd just kept bleeding.
"I didn't really get the chance to do anything else but bleed for four days."
They said they went to see a doctor who told them that the piercing wasn't done "right" and they may have suffered a burst blood vessel.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
The piercer refused to accept any blame, they added.
They said their lip soon went numb and they went to the hospital, where staff refused to remove the piercing, telling them it wasn't professionally done and it may go septic.
Caitee added: "They said they wouldn't even take me and said go back to the piecer, they offered me a stitch and said 'if we touch that your whole face is going to go septic.'"
They still have a scar and said they are "disgusted" by the way the piercing shop has handled the situation.
They added: "All I wanted was dimples. There's still in a lump and I'm a bit worried about it. I still kind of get random pain so I should get it checked, but other than that I'm pretty sure the holes in have healed over.
"I'll just have to wait and see."
© Eugene Odinokov
The leader of Al-Nusra has been critically injured in an airstrike carried out by the Russian Air Force, the Russian Defense Ministry said in a statement, adding that at least 12 Al-Nusra field commanders had been killed in the same attack.Abu Mohammad al-Julani, the Commander-in-chief of Tahrir al-Sham, a terrorist group formed after the collapse of the Al-Nusra terrorist organization, was targeted by the Russian airstrike, the ministry's spokesperson Major-General Igor Konashenkov said.On October 3, Russian intelligence "uncovered the time and place of the Al-Nusra leadership meeting" led by Juliani, the statement said. After getting confirmation of the terrorists' arrival and the start of the meeting, Su-34 fighter-bombers and Su-35 fighters were deployed to strike the location.More than a dozen militants were also injured in the airstrike, the ministry added.Those commanders had led an attack on Russian Military Police (RMP) officers in Hama province earlier in September.The incident in Hama had been reported by the Russian General Staff, which said that Al-Nusra militants attempted to capture the RMP unit, mandated to monitor the ceasefire in the Idlib de-escalation zone.The Russian command in Syria then ordered an operation to repel the militants' attack. The Al-Nusra offensive was stopped and the militants suffered heavy losses.September 30th marked the second anniversary of Russia's military operation in Syria.Russian forces have recently intensified airstrikes on extremists' positions. The Russian Ministry of Defense said on Saturday that between September 19 and 29 the operations resulted in the deaths of 2,359 militants, with a further 2,700 or so wounded."Terrorist organizations Islamic State and Al-Nusra have sustained their most serious losses for the last several months,"the statement said.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A 66-year-old woman who wants to divorce their husband of nearly 40 years is waiting to see whether they have won an "extraordinarily unusual" court fight.
Tini Owens failed to persuade a family court judge to allow them to divorce husband Hugh Owens, 78.
Judge Robin Tolson published a ruling last year in which they refused to grant Mrs Owens's divorce petition.
Mrs Owens had said they were stuck in a "loveless" marriage.
They claimed Mr Owens intolerable conduct included criticising them in front of their housekeeper, a row in an airport shop in Cancun after an “otherwise pleasant” holiday and “a silent meal in a local pub".
(Photo: PA)
Ruling in Mr Owens favour, judge Tolson described the allegations as "exaggerated" and "an exercise in scraping the barrel."
Now Mrs Owens has asked Court of Appeal judges to overturn that decision.
Three appeal judges - led by Sir James Munby, the most senior family court judge in England and Wales - analysed the case at a hearing in London on Tuesday and are expected to publish a ruling soon.
A barrister representing Mrs Owens told the appeal court that the "vast majority" of divorces were undefended in 21st century England.
Philip Marshall QC added: "It is extraordinarily unusual in modern times for a court to dismiss a petition for divorce."
Appeal judges were told the couple had married in 1978 and lived in Broadway, Worcester.
(Photo: PA)
Mr Marshall said Mrs Owens' case was that their husband had behaved unreasonably and that the marriage had irretrievably broken down.
Mr Owens, a retired business person, disagreed and denied allegations made against him.
They were against a divorce and said they still had a "few years" to enjoy, Mr Marshall told appeal judges.
Judge Tolson had ruled against Mrs Owens after analysing the case at a family court hearing in London.
They had concluded that their allegations were "of the kind to be expected in marriage" and refused to grant a divorce petition.
(Photo: PA)
But Mr Marshall said Judge Tolson had failed to make "proper findings of fact" and argued that their ruling should be overturned.
Mr Marshall added: "They lived all of their lives in a traditional and old-fashioned way. They ran the business.
"She stayed at home."
Mr Owens had talked of being a tease and said they had a loud voice, judges heard.
"I am somebody who teases my wife," they had said during the litigation.
"I do it all the time. I know they don't always appreciate it."
They had added: "I have got a very loud voice. I talk in this way all the time."
Barrister Nigel Dyer QC, who represented Mr Owens, said appeal judges should not overturn Judge Tolson's ruling.
Mr Dyer said Mrs Owens had not established that the marriage was irretrievably broken.
They added: "At the moment, as the law stands, unhappiness, discontent, disillusionment are not facts which a petitioner can rely upon as facts which prove irretrievable breakdown."
Judges were told that at one stage Mrs Owens had an affair which lasted less than a year.
They heard that they had contacted solicitors five years ago.
Evidence showed that Mr and Mrs Owens, who have grown-up children, had slept in different rooms for many years.
Judge Tolson had described Mr Owens as "old school" and had said Mrs Owens was "more sensitive than most wives".
Sir James said the job of appeal judges was to "apply the law".
They said they would examine legislation laid down by Parliament and told lawyers: "It is not a ground for divorce if you find yourself in a wretchedly unhappy marriage - people may say it should be."
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A 'bullied' schoolboy was caught on camera flooring one of their alleged tormentors with one punch after being repeatedly challenged to a fight.
The youngster appears to be being followed by a group of children, including one girl, who slaps them around the face, while those nearby goad him.
Several voices can be heard saying: "What are you going to do?" in an apparent challenge to the boy, who appears to be trying to walk away from them.
But as they get closer, the "victim" suddenly unleashes a lightning-fast punch which would not look out of place in a heavyweight bout, sending one boy tumbling backwards onto the ground.
The footage, believed to be filmed in the Merseyside area, was posted to Twitter yesterday, although it is not known when it was filmed or by whom.
(Image: Twitter)
(Image: Twitter)
The clip has been retweeted over 4,000 times and liked by over 10,000 social media users.
The person who uploaded it wrote: “Nothing gives me more pleasure than seeing bullies get this treatment."
They draw attention to the fact the boy threatening the youngster doesn't even finish their word before being felled.
They wrote: “I'll sma... (what I assume was gonna be ‘I'll smash you') LEFT CROSS... HEZ... Sleep... screams, bullies videoing instantly cease filming.”
(Image: Twitter)
The 13-second clip shows the group, all wearing school uniform, circling the lone boy with one in particular leading the charge.
They square up to them and tries to goad him, before landing a slap on theirs face.
They retreat and resists the temptation to react to her, but then the other boy steps forward and begins to say what sounds like “I'll smash you”.
They don't even get halfway through saying it though before being sent flying by a thumping left hook which Anthony Joshua would have been proud of.
The boy on th receiving end falls to the floor and their friends gasp and scream: “Oh my god, Callum, Callum.”
(Image: Twitter)
(Image: Twitter)
Social media users reacted to the video with sympathy for the picked-on boy who was forced into retaliation, and praised the quality of their punch.
Sean Berry said: “Yes. What a hit son. What a hit.”
Another user said: “Never condone violence, but when it's self preservation and defence you are protected. Perfect timing.”
Rob Hughes said: “I don't like violence but I'd be lying if I said this wasn't a bit pleasing. I don't know the context but those kids don't seem like they're fighting the good fight.
"With a bit of luck neither Callum nor their lynch mob will feel quite so emboldened tomorrow.”
Paul Jones said: “I've been that kid. Backing away, being harassed and fearful. The release in standing up for yourself is massive.”
Another user added: “Callum won't be mouthing off again.”
MORE women are rising to the challenge of Australian Ninja Warrior as the hit obstacle course series returns for a second season.
The six females who made it to the semi-finals last year are back, and hot on their heels are more women who have taken up Ninja training as inspired by Andrea Hah, who conquered the warped wall, and former gymnast Olivia Vivian.
It's inspiring for returning co-host Rebecca Maddern, who was expecting their first child during filming. They and husband Trent Miller welcomed their daughter Ruby into the world a few months ago.
"The women are phenomenal this year," they say.
"It is really extraordinary to witness; what an example to set not just for their kids but for other mums out there.
"On some occasions I got tears in my eyes... it's so empowering to watch that happen in front of you.
There are so many great things that have happened for females in Australian sport in the past two years and this is just another addition to that."
Rebecca Maddern returns to call all the thrills and spills in season two of Australian Ninja Warrior. Stuart Bryce
Viewers will see plenty of other familiar faces - including Mount Isa's 'deadly ninja' Jack Wilson, the Ravi brothers, Ben Polson and season one finalist Luke Williams - with 90% of last year's contestants applying for season two.
"These people were so good in season one. I didn't think it was possible to get fitter and better, but some of our returning heroes are fitter and better than last year and that has blown me away," Maddern says.
"These people had six packs last year and now they have 12 packs (laughs)."
With more competitors, a longer course, and more semi-finals and grand final stages, Ninja Warrior promises more high-flying thrills and spills.
Ninja Warrior: Farmer builds their own Ninja course
"We sit back and do marvel at what these competitors do. It's easier this year (for us as hosts), but in saying that there are things that have happened that we never would have predicted," they say.
"There are some shocks, which make for a great TV show. There is no script to this. They stand there, the buzzer goes off and we don't know what happens next.
"More often than not when you think this person is on a roll they'll slip up and it's all over. You really go on the course with them, riding very bump and grasp and jolt.
"The underlying theme of those whole show is 'I'm going to give this a go'. I think that makes up so much of the Australian psyche and this is just extrapolating that. It's about fitness, health, giving it a go, setting yourself a goal and achieving that goal, and if you don't then try harder and improve yourself."
Season two of Australian Ninja Warrior premieres on Sunday at 7pm on Channel 9.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A woman has become the first person in China to be cryogenically frozen in the hopes of being brought back to life by advanced technologies in the future.
Zhan Wenlian, who died of lung cancer aged 49 this past May, was "volunteered" for the ambitious project by their husband, Gui Junmin, who has entrusted their body to a team of Chinese scientists.
The woman's body now rests facing downwards in a giant tank filled with 2,000 litres of liquid nitrogen at Yinfeng Biological Group in Jinan, capital of East China's Shandong Province, where the cryonics procedure took place.
(Image: AsiaWire)
The "life preservation project" - as it was called when it was first pitched to Zhan's husband - is a collaboration between Yinfeng Biological Group, Qilu Hospital Shandong University, as well as consultants from the US non-profit organisation Alcor Life Extension Foundation.
Aaron Drake, Alcor's Senior Medical Response Consultant, took part in the 55-hour cryonics procedure that saw the cells in Zhan's body slowly frozen inside the tank.
(Image: AsiaWire)
Gui said they and their wife were against cremation and had planned to donate their body to science after their death anyway in order to "give back to society."
They also reiterated their "belief" in technology, saying: "I tend to believe in new and emerging technologies, so I think it will be completely possible to revive her."
(Image: AsiaWire)
Director Jia Chusheng of Yinfeng Biological Group said: "[Zhan] and their family are clear about the risks and the possibility that the procedure might ultimately fail.
"But as someone who has donated their body to science, they also gain hope of being revived one day."
(Image: AsiaWire)
Them cryogenically preserved body will remain in stasis at minus 196 degrees Celsius, with Gui hoping that technology will come up with the means to restore their wife.
Gui noted that they also wish to take part in a similar cryogenics experiment after they die, saying: "If my wife wakes up, they might be lonely. I need to keep their company."
© Maureen Dowling / YouTube
Factually inaccurate reports are a natural by-product of fighting Donald Trump's "system of lies", CNN pundit David Frum has reassured the public. The Atlantic senior editor's comments were made in the wake of false reporting by ABC and CNN."The mistakes are precisely the reason people should trust the media," Frum told Brian Stelter, on CNN's Reliable Sources program.He insisted that "the worst mistakes that press organizations have made in their coverage of [US President Donald] Trump has precisely occurred in their overzealous effort to be fair to the president."Frum was a speechwriter for President George W. Bush, and authored the infamous "Axis of Evil" portion of the 2002 State of the Union address. Now a senior editor at The Atlantic, Frum argued that Trump and their supporters are "not well-placed to complain" about false media reports, because they themselves are engaged in a "system of lies.""Mistakes occur in the process of exposing the lies," Frum claimed. "The liars then complain about the mistakes that are [made] investigating them."Likening CNN reporters to astronomers committed to the "discovery of truth," Frum urged news consumers to trust the press, but also to consult a variety of sources, in order to avoid close-minded thinking. However, Frum warned CNN's viewers against watching Fox News, which they said did not have "an interest in finding truth."Brian Ross, chief investigative correspondent for ABC News, erroneously reported on December 1 that Michael Flynn, the former national security adviser, would testify that Trump had directed them to make contact with Russian officials while Trump was still only a candidate for the presidency.The story was considered so damaging to US political and economic stability that the stock market took a hit after it was published. In fact, Flynn had been asked to contact Russian diplomats only after Trump won the election.Ross received a four-week suspension from ABC after the widely-publicized story, which had been hailed as conclusive proof of Trump's so-called collusion with Russia. Such contact is nothing more than routine procedure by an incoming administration.CNN painted itself into a similar, factually dubious corner when it reported that congressional investigators had been provided an email that suggested Trump had been offered early access to leaked Democratic National Committee emails.The story, which was heralded by CNN as evidence of a nefarious Trump-Wikileaks-Russia trifecta,, after it was revealed that the news network had misreported the date of the email, which had been sent by a random Trump supporter forwarding publicly available information.Although it corrected its story, CNN has since avoided explaining how it got the facts so wrong. Its initial report cited "multiple" anonymous sources. However, during their Sunday program, Stelter did acknowledge that the report was "a black eye for CNN."
"If we want to know how Earth's systems work, what's expected and what's normal, we need to look to the past," and the fossil record is the best measure of ecosystem stability. As we already begin to face extinctions and carbon levels similar to those before the Permian extinction, examining these patterns over time gives us the evidence we need to measure and minimize our impact on climate, preventing further permanent damage to our planet's ecosystems and animals.
A whopping 252 million years ago, Earth was crawling with bizarre animals, including dinosaur cousins resembling Komodo dragons and bulky early mammal-relatives, a million years before dinosaurs even existed.
New research shows us that the Permian equator was both a literal and figurative hotspot: it was, for the most part, a scorching hot desert, on top of having a concentration of unique animals. Here, you could find some of the first tetrapods to emerge from the water and live on land, living right next to newly evolved, dinosaur and crocodile-like reptiles. Many of these species were wiped out after an extinction which changed life on the planet forever.
In a paper published in Earth-Science Reviews, paleontologists studied fossil sites all over the world from the late Permian to get an idea of what lived where. They found an unusual assortment of species near the equator, and one that is comparable to the modern tropics--except that the array of large, carnivorous reptiles would look very out of place anywhere on Earth today.
"The tropics act as a diversity center--stuff that has gone extinct elsewhere is still alive there, and there's new stuff evolving," explains Postdoctoral Researcher Brandon Peecook, co-author of the paper. While it makes sense that the warm, wet rainforests we see now have incredible diversity, it seems counterintuitive that these fiery, hot deserts were home to an exceptional range of species, especially because diversity at the equator fluctuates so much historically.
These findings about the late Permian beg the question, "Why are we seeing so much biodiversity at the equator?" This is something scientists have yet to answer, but it shows us that biodiversity at the tropics isn't intuitive, and isn't consistent. What scientists know for sure is that regardless of desert or rainforest, climate change negatively impacts living things.
This unequaled comparison of Permian climate and species distribution to modern events shows us that while many changes are natural and we see them throughout our planet's history, drastic changes like this can be triggered by something much larger--volcanic activity likely caused this in the Permian, and human activity is the suspected culprit today.
After the Permian extinction, "it was almost as though the slate had been wiped clean, and all the ecosystems had to rebuild," says Peecook. This event altered life permanently and while new animals evolved and thrived, the process of recovery took millions of years, and the animals that were lost never returned.
The Daily Galaxy via The Field Museum
Click Here to View Recent Most Popular Space & Science Posts --"Vestiges of a Universe Prior to Big Bang to What If China Makes 1st Contact"
"I love helping soldiers," reflected Sgt. 1st Class Shanta Cooper on their reasons for moving forward in the Army. Cooper is the budget analyst NCOIC with the 316th Sustainment Command (Expeditionary), a Army Reserve unit from Coraopolis, Pa."It's my job to make sure they are taken care of from start to finish," Cooper added.(U.S. Army photo by Sgt. Christopher Bigelow)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 11.04.2016 Date Posted: 01.02.2017 06:17 Photo ID: 3082956 VIRIN: 161104-A-PF724-021 Resolution: 2848x4288 Size: 8.22 MB Location: FORT HOOD, TX, US Web Views: 0 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, Soldier Spotlight [Image 1 of 28], by SGT Christopher Bigelow, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
New Delhi: Mahagun Real Estate has received environment clearance for constructing a commercial complex in Greater Noida, Uttar Pradesh, at a cost of Rs 408 crore.
The proposed 'Mahagun mall' will be developed on 18,694 sq meter plots, which has been allotted by the Greater Noida Industrial Development Authority to the company.
The proposal was first examined by an expert panel and based on its recommendation, the Union Environment Ministry has given the final environment clearance (EC).
The EC has been given subject to compliance of certain conditions, the ministry said in the EC letter issued to the company. PTI has reviewed a copy of the letter.
Any appeal against the EC will lie with the National Green Tribunal within a period of 30 days, it added.
As per the proposal, the mall will have 155 shops, 16 auditoriums, 13 restaurants, two family entertainment centres and other facilities.
The construction of the mall will not only provide better shopping environment but will also increase the livelihood of people in the area, the company said.
Rome, July 4 - The Italian Bishops' Conference (CEI) on Wednesday hailed the government's new ban on advertising for gambling as a "sign of civility". CEI spokesperson Father Ivan Maffeis recalled the Church's work against gambling addiction and said "we welcome as a sign of civility the government decree that puts an end to ads on gambling". The government's so-called 'dignity decree' aims to curb advertising on gambling and stop top actors and personalities fronting ads. Italy has seen a surge in gambling addiction despite a fall in purchasing power over the last few years. Labour and Industry Minister Luigi Di Maio, architect of the decree, tweeted "Also the Italian Bishops Conference has voiced its favourable opinion of the halt to gambling advertising in the #dignitydecree. "The direction is right, left's go ahead with determination". photo: a rally against gambling addiction
1:51 Pilot takes down passenger who pushed flight attendant Pause
0:38 Vintage Packard pulled from lagoon at Concours
3:48 Jimbo Fisher: Seminoles proud to be playing in the Orange Bowl game
3:16 Mac Attack says Romo looked good but Dak earned this
1:24 Tony Romo says they showed they can be the same guy
2:07 Are the Dallas Cowboys still America's Team?
0:26 TRE train kills woman who fell onto tracks
4:04 Talkin' Cowboys: Clarence Hill and Charean Williams on the finale
1:12 Man's best friend also becomes man's best colleague
New Delhi: Recently, Jacqueline Fernandez celebrated their 32nd birthday and while the whole world was busy showering the Sri Lankan beauty with their love and wishes, a special gift was received by the `Kick` actor from Snapchat.
Snapchat created a special filter to mark the the actor` birthday.
The filter wrote `Happy Birthday Jacqueline` wishing the gorgeous diva on their special day.
Jacqueline is one such actor, who is very active on social media and so they kept their fans posted about their updates throughout their birthday vacation.
Right from their co-stars wishing her, to their Tokyo trip to their watchmen wishing her, the actor actively gave them fans insight into their celebrations.
The `Roy` actor took to Twitter to thank Snapchat for their special birthday gift.
Jacqueline wrote, "The birthday love keeps on cominggg! Thanks for the personalised filter @Snapchat."
On the workfront, the actor is currently gearing up for their upcoming releases, `A Gentleman: Sundar Susheel Risky` and `Judwaa 2`.
Ontario Premier Kathleen Wynne and their cabinet ministers excel at alternative facts and fake news.
The latest example was Finance Minister Charles Sousa's speech Thursday to The Empire Club, part of which boasted about how the Liberals saved Ontario's electricity system by doing the heavy lifting needed to improve it.
As a result, Sousa said, Ontario's electricity grid is now “the envy of North America” because the Liberals restored “integrity and reliability” to it, unlike neighbouring Canadian provinces and the rust belt states.
Simply put, what on Earth is Sousa talking about?
Hydro One controls the transmission of electricity through 29,000 km of hydro lines in Ontario and provides electricity to 1.3 million customers.
In their December, 2015 annual report, Ontario Auditor General Bonnie Lysyk said between 2010 and 2014, Hydro One customer experienced 24% more power outages, lasting 30% longer, while costs to run the system increased by 31%.
They described Hydro One as “consistently one of the least reliable among large Canadian electricity distributors”.
They said its maintenance backlog increased by 47% and power outages by 7%, between 2012 and 2014.
Lysyk reported the risk of power failures was increasing because Hydro One hadn't replaced $4.5 billion in transmission assets, “that have exceeded their planned useful service life”.
In 2014, former Ontario ombudsman Andre Marin reported that trying to get straight answers out of Hydro One on its horrendous customer billing practices, following complaints by 10,000 customers, was like, “wrestling with a slippery pig”.
They said Hydro One had issued more than 100,000 incorrect bills, covering everything from unexplained billings, to “catch-up” bills, “estimated” bills, multiple bills and over-billing.
Wynne is now selling 60% of Hydro One to the private sector, putting it beyond the scrutiny of the auditor general and ombudsman.
Sousa said the government now realizes electricity rates are too high, which is why its cutting them by a total of 25% in June (by increasing the province's debt to subsidize them).
While Sousa didn't mention it, prior to this announcement, the Liberals claimed electricity pricing in Ontario was in the middle of the pack compared to Canada and the US.
Hydro Quebec does an annual comparison of electricity rates in major cities, standardized for a monthly consumption of 1,000 kilowatt-hours (kWh), with all prices in Canadian currency.
Its 2016 survey found electricity prices for residential customers in Toronto of 17.81 cents per kilowatt/hour and in Ottawa of 16.15 cents per kilowatt/hour.
That was higher than in Vancouver (10.70); Calgary (10.40); Edmonton (10.37); Regina (14.65); Winnipeg (8.43); Montreal (7.23); Halifax (15.88); Moncton (12.50); Charlottetown (16.02); St. John's (11.96); Seattle (13.62); Portland (13.94); Chicago (15.19); Nashville (14.28); Houston (11.25) and Miami (11.67).
The Toronto and Ottawa rates were lower than in San Francisco (31.05); Detroit (20.24); Boston (27.69) and New York (29.52).
Thus, according to Hydro Quebec's major cities' survey, Ontario's residential electricity rates are the highest in Canada and only in the mid-range when you add in American cities.
An accurate statement in Sousa's Empire Club speech regarding hydro was that the system needed upgrading when the Liberals came into power in 2003 because of past neglect by governments of all stripes, including Liberals.
But much of it was firmly in the realm of alternative facts and fake news.
lgoldstein@postmedia.com
Medical investigators in southern Arizona have determined that a toxic combination of prescription drugs resulted in the death of rapper Lil Peep.The Pima County Office of the Medical Examiner on Friday released details from a toxicology report.The budding star, whose real name was Gustav Ahr, was found dead in November on their tour bus ahead of a scheduled concert in Tucson. They were 21.With the report, the medical examiner certified the cause of death as the effects of the pain medication fentanyl and alprazolam, which is used to treat anxiety. The death was certified as accidental.Ahr built their career on homemade mixtapes released on the audio sharing platform SoundCloud. Millions of online listens led to the August release of their first full-length album, "Come Over When You're Sober, Part 1."
There are cheesecakes, and then cheese cakes - layers and layers of cheese.Cheese cakes are the newest trend at weddings and bridal showers this season.Daniel Sirko and Jack Dronen -- of gourmet cheese and wine shop Marche in downtown Glen Ellyn, visited ABC7 to talk about these cheese creations.
Woman launches into a catfight after they spot they
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Facebook has explained how Cleveland killer Steven Stephens' brutal murder footage was allowed to stay online for more than two hours before it was taken down.
The social media giant came under fire for how long the harrowing footage remained available for the world to see.
Stephens uploaded a video showing themselves shoot Robert Godwin Jr, 74, dead in cold blood - minutes after an initial video boasting about their intent to kill someone.
They then began a Facebook live broadcast in which they confessed to the murder and tried to justify the killing.
But it was two hours and 11 minutes after the shooting video was uploaded before their account was deactivated by Facebook.
(Photo: Twitter)
The random killing sparked a police manhunt spanning five US states - and Stephens claims to have killed more than a dozen other victims .
Justin Osofsky, Facebook's vice-president for global operations, today explained the technology giant's position.
In a statement, they said: "On Sunday morning, a man in Cleveland posted a video of themselves announcing their intent to commit murder, then two minutes later posted another video of themselves shooting and killing an elderly man.
"A few minutes after that, they went live, confessing to the murder. It was a horrific crime - one that has no place on Facebook and goes against our policies and everything we stand for."
They continued: "As a result of this terrible series of events, we are reviewing our reporting flows to be sure people can report videos and other material that violates our standards as easily and quickly as possible.
"In this case, we did not receive a report about the first video, and we only received a report about the second video - containing the shooting - more than an hour and 45 minutes after it was posted.
"We received reports about the third video, containing the man's live confession, only after it had ended.
"We disabled the suspect's account within 23 minutes of receiving the first report about the murder video - and two hours after receiving a report of any kind. But we know we need to do better."
(Photo: Facebook)
Mr Osofsky added: "Keeping our global community safe is an important part of our mission."
Stephens remains at large and police have offered a $50,000 reward for information leading to their capture.
Cleveland Police chief Calvin Williams said: "We're still asking Steve to turn themselves in, but if they don't, we're going to find him.
“I'm very optimistic. I think things are going to happen, and I believe they're going to happen very quickly.
“We're using all investigative tools at our disposal.”
It was reported earlier today that detectives are investigating a “ping” from Stephens' phone in Parma, Ohio, on the southern edge of Cleveland.
A reported sighting of Stephens in Philadelphia - that led to the evacuation of several schools - turned out to be a false alarm.
(Photo: Getty Images North America)
Read Facebook's statement in full
On Sunday morning, a man in Cleveland posted a video of themselves announcing their intent to commit murder, then two minutes later posted another video of themselves shooting and killing an elderly man. A few minutes after that, they went live, confessing to the murder. It was a horrific crime — one that has no place on Facebook, and goes against our policies and everything we stand for.
As a result of this terrible series of events, we are reviewing our reporting flows to be sure people can report videos and other material that violates our standards as easily and quickly as possible. In this case, we did not receive a report about the first video, and we only received a report about the second video — containing the shooting — more than an hour and 45 minutes after it was posted. We received reports about the third video, containing the man's live confession, only after it had ended.
We disabled the suspect's account within 23 minutes of receiving the first report about the murder video, and two hours after receiving a report of any kind. But we know we need to do better.
(Photo: CLEpolice/Twitter)
In addition to improving our reporting flows, we are constantly exploring ways that new technologies can help us make sure Facebook is a safe environment. Artificial intelligence, for example, plays an important part in this work, helping us prevent the videos from being re-shared in their entirety. (People are still able to share portions of the videos in order to condemn them or for public awareness, as many news outlets are doing in reporting the story online and on television).
We are also working on improving our review processes. Currently, thousands of people around the world review the millions of items that are reported to us every week in more than 40 languages. We prioritize reports with serious safety implications for our community, and are working on making that review process go even faster.
Keeping our global community safe is an important part of our mission. We are grateful to everyone who reported these videos and other offensive content to us, and to those who are helping us keep Facebook safe every day.
Facebook's timeline of events
11:09AM — First video, of intent to murder, uploaded. Not reported to Facebook.
11:11AM — Second video, of shooting, uploaded.
11:22AM — Suspect confesses to murder while using Live, is live for 5 minutes.
11:27AM — Live ends, and Live video is first reported shortly after.
12:59PM — Video of shooting is first reported.
1:22PM — Suspect's account disabled; all videos no longer visible to public.
Get money updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A dazzling smile is an enviable feature, but it's easier than you think to improve the look of your teeth.
An electric toothbrush can boost oral hygiene, and cosmetically, your teeth will look brighter and whiter than ever. Whilst some toothbrushes can be quite expensive, it's an investment that you can recharge and reuse for a lot longer than a chuck-away brush.
We've run through the best brushes for every budget and highlighted their key features so you can pick the one that's right for you.
1. ISSA Hybrid £129
This Scandinavian toothbrush is described as the perfect blend between 'strength and softness'.
It incorporates 'durable PBT polymer' and 'ultra-soft silicone', with a cross design for a deep clean without being too hard on your gums.
As with many Scandinavian products its the perfect blend on minimalism and efficiency, and well worth the price tag.
Get it from Foreo for £129
2. Panasonic Sonic Vibration EW-DE92 £289
The triple edge brush head is diamond shaped to reach difficult to clean stains and marks.
It's powerful too, with 31,000 brush stokes per minute at high speed vibrations. There's even Ionic technology to tackle plague, whilst also brushing horizontally along the gum to protect gums.
There's even four selectable brushing modes to choose from White, Soft, Sensitive, and Gumcare.
Get it from Amazon for £289
3. SONIC Chic Deluxe Rose Gold Toothbrush £15
This purse and pocket friendly toothbrush is stylish and ideal for someone on the move, but still packs a punch with up to 32,000 strokes per minute.
It will also help you to brush your teeth smarter too, by giving you a nudge every 30 seconds to move the brush to a different area of your mouth. It'll switch off after two minutes too to signal that you're done!
4. Colgate ProClinical 250+ £20
Looking for a powerful but budget toothbrush? This is the one for you.
The Colgate ProClinical 250+ removes five times more plaque and has soft bristles to be gentle on gums too. There's also a two minute timer to make sure you're brushing for the right amount of time.
Get it from Amazon for £20
5. Brush Baby Blue Kidz Sonic Electric Toothbrush £12.95
This one is perfect for the kids! It even has a disco light timer and a 30 second pulse reminder to move the brush around their mouth.
If you want your child to care for their teeth, this is a way they will love to get brushing!
Get it from Amazon for £12.95
6. Philips Sonicare HX9331/32 Diamond Clean £104.99
The Philips HX9331/32 Sonicare Diamond Clean is a powerful toothbrush with 62,000 movements per minute to quickly and safely tackle trouble spots.
You can choose between five brushing modes, clean, sensitive, gum care, white and polish - so is perfect for whichever reason you need it.
Get it from John Lewis for £104.99
7. Oral-B Genius 9000 Electric Toothbrush £209.99
The Oral-B Genius features six cleaning modes, a timer for better brushing, six speed settings and 3D rotate pulsate technology. In short, there are a lot of features to this one brush.
With hundreds of five-star ratings it's a clear favourite.
Get it from Argos for 3209.99
8. Oral B Pro 650 Electric Toothbrush £24.98
This purse friendly Electric toothbrush has all the basic functions you need to keep you teeth looking great. It promises to have up to 100% more plaque removal in the first 30 days versus a manual toothbrush.
Get it from Superdrug for £24.98
9. Oral-B Smart Series 4000 3DWhite £64.99
Looking for some tech? This Oral-B toothbrush contains Bluetooth technology, so you can gain real feedback on your brushing. It also contains pressure sensors, so you can tell if you're brushing too hard.
It's a well designed, smart toothbrush without scrimping on quality, and it won't break the bank.
Get it from Argos for £64.99
10. Phillips Easy Clean Sonicare £39.99
This Phillips brush is packed full of clever features, including an angled brush, and an 'easy start' programme - to help you get used to using an electric toothbrush for the first time over the first 14 days.
Get it from Phillips for £39.99
11. Oral-B Pro 2 2000N CrossAction Electric Toothbrush £34.99
This purse friendly toothbrush is packed full on handy features, including a sensor to let you know when you're brushing too hard - which will automatically alert you and reduce the speed when you brush too hard.
It also has a long battery life, with a Lithium-Ion battery that lasts more than two weeks, so is perfect for those who move around.
Get it from Boots for £34.99
Apple holds multiple events throughout the year, but two stand out above all others: the unveiling of new iPhones (typically in September), and the Worldwide Developers Conference in the summer. Known simply as WWDC, the week-long event focuses on the people who make all the apps and services we enjoy on our iPhones, iPads, Macs, and Apple Watches.
While most of WWDC is centered around developer sessions, the week kicks off with a big keynote presentation that is must-watch viewing for any Apple fan. Apple's top execs preview the company's upcoming operating systems and often reveal new services and products. Here's what we expect to see this year, as well as helpful links to watch the keynote yourself. We'll have continuing coverage of all the hot news out of WWDC beginning on June 4.
How to watch the WWDC keynote online
The big announcements from WWDC are made during the keynote presentation on the first day. This year, that's June 4 at 10 a.m. Pacific Time.
You can watch on Apple's WWDC page through Safari on a Mac, iPhone, or iPad. If you have a Windows 10 PC, you can watch the stream using the Edge browser, but other browsers are not supported. With your Apple TV you can watch through the Events app.
In addition to streaming the keynote, Apple will stream the entire conference, though the sessions are primarily of interest only to developers. You'll first need to sign up for an account on Apple's Developer website. A developer account is not needed to watch the June 4 keynote.
iOS, macOS, tvOS, and watchOS
The focus of WWDC is on developers, and nothing is more important to them than preparing for changes in Apple's operating systems and developer tools. WWDC keynotes always focus on upcoming releases of iOS and macOS (sometimes, as in 2016, there is little else). The announcements are usually followed by a beta release for developers, which is often very buggy and not feature complete, with a public beta coming weeks later.
So what's coming in iOS 12? We have our own wishlist, but there has been very little solid information about what Apple is going to preview. We have rounded up all of the iOS 12 rumors, and they all point to one thing: the next version of iOS will focus more on stability and reliability than dramatic, sweeping changes.
Jason Cross/IDG What's going to be in iOS 12? We'll find out on June 4.
However, a recent report from The Information says that Apple will finally loosen the leash on the NFC chips in its iPhones and Apple Watches in iOS 12. Currently only used for Apple Pay (and a few partner transit systems, like Suica in Japan), iOS 12 will finally allow iPhones and Apple Watches to work with NFC-enabled transit systems, ID systems, car doors, and more. We don't know how open or flexible iOS 12 will be—we suspect it will not allow the unfettered access one finds on Android—but it seems unlikely that Apple will allow developers to support NFC-enabled payment systems that could compete with Apple Pay.
While iOS 12 is not expected to give us a major interface overhaul or completely new versions of Apple's core apps, that doesn't mean we won't still see plenty of new features. We expect Apple to spend more time talking about improvements to ARKit for developers making augmented reality apps, as well as the Health app and HealthKit developer tools.
Users have been asking Apple for robust parental controls for years, and Apple is expected to finally deliver something in the next major revision of iOS.
According to Mark Gurman at Bloomberg, iOS 12 will mark a shift in the way iOS updates are developed and delivered. Rather than trying to cram all the major features into a single big yearly update, Apple is said to be spreading major features out throughout the year, giving its developers time to maintain higher standards of quality. Though it seemingly wasn't planned this way, iOS 11 has followed this model, with many of its major features released in point-releases after the initial iOS 11 launch. The next iOS could formalize this sort of release schedule, with major features trickling out throughout the year.
We expect watchOS 5 to continue to push into health and fitness features. Perhaps we'll see other workout types (like Yoga or expanded weightlifting features), and sleep tracking would be a fantastic addition. Users have been clamoring for custom watch faces, but we expect Apple to keep a tight lid on watch face development. Still, new Apple-provided watch faces and perhaps some new watch face customization options are not out of the question. Some of the new features of watchOS 5 may be held back until the announcement of a new Apple Watch, likely at the iPhone event in September.
The next iteration of tvOS may not usher in major changes, but we still want to see Dolby Atmos support added, along with better HomeKit integration. Given Apple's big investment in original programming, the TV app will eventually need a big update. Just as Apple Music was announced at WWDC in 2015, this could be the place Apple formally announces the video service that will give us access to all those original shows and series it's producing (more than a dozen!).
Siri
In all the rumors about what's going on within Apple, we have heard almost nothing specific about Siri. For a core technology that touches every one of the company's major products, that seems odd. Apple surely knows that Siri's deficiencies relative to Alexa or Google Assistant have become the stuff of internet memes. Siri, to put it bluntly, needs a massive boost to remain competitive, and this would be the time to show it.
Apple It's time to stop cringing when we see this. C'mon Apple, don't let us down!
Last year, Siri development officially moved from Eddy Cue's “software and services” division to Craig Federighi's “software engineering” teams. In April, Apple announced that it has hired John Giannandrea, the man who formerly ran Google's AI efforts, to run its own machine learning and AI strategy.
In other words, it's clear that Apple recognizes that it has to push a lot harder on Siri development, and that includes making organizational and resource changes within the company.
If Apple goes through WWDC and does not detail really big improvements to Siri, it's in trouble. Making Siri work more reliably, more often, with vastly more third-party products, services, and apps, should have been an Apple priority years ago. If the company isn't ready to impress us with Siri improvements yet, it's hard to see how its ever going to become competitive with Google and Amazon.
Mac hardware
WWDC is sometimes the venue at which Apple to announces new Mac hardware. Last year, we got a deluge of new Macs: the new iMac Pro, along with minor updates to the MacBook and MacBook Pro.
We wouldn't be at all surprised to see another round of relatively minor updates to these computers. The MacBook Pro line is due for a bump up to Intel's eighth-generation Core processors, after all. It's probably too soon to expect a major design change, though Mac fans are desperately hoping for a replacement for Apple's much-maligned butterfly keyboard, and the Touch Bar appears to be an experiment that has gone nowhere. Similarly, the iMac line could get a bump to eight-generation Intel chips, but we don't expect much else.
Gordon Mah Ung The MacBook Pro's Butterfly keyboard has got to go, but it may not die just yet.
If we got our wish, Apple would introduce new MacBook Pros that has an improved keyboard (with more travel and better reliability), the return of the SD card slot, one or two USB-A ports, and no Touch Bar. It's probably too much to hope for; the next big MacBook Pro design update probably won't land until next year, at least.
Apple has been unusually open about the fact that it's working on a new Mac Pro to replace the current, dated, “trash can” model. It's expected to be easier to upgrade, more flexible, and more powerful, but beyond that, nobody knows what to expect. The latest rumors point to a 2019 release date, which means it probably won't get announced at this year's WWDC. Wouldn't it be neat if Apple teased it, though? Maybe just a silhouette of the enclosure, with a “we can't wait to tell you more about it” message?
IDG We can't wait to see the next generation of Mac Pro, but it probably isn't ready for the spotlight just yet.
The MacBook Air is due for a refresh, too, but the latest rumors suggest that has been pushed back to the fall. Still, Apple sometimes announces products at WWDC that don't ship until later that year, so it could make an appearance.
iPad Pro
Apple announced a second generation iPad Pro at WWDC last year. At 10.5 and 12 inches, the new models were physically similar to the first-gen models, but included a powerful new A10X processor and a superior new display that adds HDR support and ProMotion.
Adam Patrick Murray/IDG Odds are pretty good that a new iPad Pro will debut at WWDC, with A11X processor and possibly even an new slim-bezel design.
Rumor has it there's a new iPad Pro in the works, this time with a design that takes some cues from the iPhone X. That is: slimmer bezels and a TrueDepth camera with Face ID instead of a home button with Touch ID (it probably won't have a narrower aspect ratio and a notch, though). It wouldn't be at all out of place for such a product to debut at WWDC, especially since we just got a new regular iPad at Apple's education event this spring.
New design or no, a new iPad Pro would likely feature a new A11X processor. Such a chip would have the same general architecture as the A11 found in the iPhone 8 and iPhone X, but with more cores. The A11 used in phones has two high-performance CPU cores, four high-efficiency CPU cores, and three GPU cores. An A11X would likely feature an additional high-performance CPU core, one or two more high-efficiency cores, and two or three GPU cores. It might get a boost to maximum clock speed, too. These improvements would make it crazy fast.
What won't be at WWDC
If you're hoping for news about new iPhones, forget it. Apple holds a separate event to announce those, typically in September.
The company has also used its big September events to announce the AirPods, and we expect second-generation AirPods would probably follow suit.
Apple Watch is in the same boat. The original, as well as the second and third generation models, were unveiled at Apple's September events. A fourth-generation Apple Watch is almost certainly on the way, but don't expect to hear about it at WWDC.
Apple Uh, Apple? Did you forget about AirPower?
Did you forget about AirPower? It sort of feels like Apple has! Announced together with the iPhones last fall, Apple's custom charging pad was said to release this year, with no price disclosed. Apple could use WWDC to update us on its price and availability, but that would only highlight the fact that it was announced so long ago and still hasn't shipped. We give it only a 50/50 chance of making the stage; Apple may simply update us on pricing and availability via press release or an update to its website.
One more thing…
There's always the chance that Apple is going to unveil something totally new and unexpected at WWDC. Last year's event was packed with more new announcements that usual including the iMac Pro and HomePod.
Two years prior, Apple Music was the unexpected new reveal.
There's no guarantee that we'll get a similar announcement this year. If we do, it might be a new lower-cost HomePod (possibly with Beats branding), for which there have been a few highly suspect rumors.
Rumors of a redesigned iPhone SE 2 keep making the rounds, too. Unlike other iPhones, the SE model is usually not announced in September. There hasn't been an iPhone announced at WWDC since 2010 (the iPhone 4), but if it ever happened again, the iPhone SE would be the model we'd expect to hear about.
Is Apple working on a new Pencil? Maybe the company will finally revive the Mac Mini line? Could Apple reveal new over-the-ear headphones? There are plenty of possibilities for a surprise announcement at WWDC.
Cassidy Starnes, Clay Montgomery, and Erin Pope of the Gallipolis FFA Chapter recently competed in the State Job Interview Career Development Event held at the Ohio State University on December 2, 2017. For this CDE, students were evaluated on a personal cover letter and resume, an interview, and a follow-up letter at the conclusion of the event. Cassidy Starnes placed 7th the in the Senior division,Clay Montgomery placed 10th in the Junior division and Erin Pope placed 3rd in the Freshman division. Congratulations to all for your state performance.
Pictured from left: Jerrod Ferguson, Gallipolis FFA Advisor, Cassidy Starnes, Clay Montgomery, and Erin Pope.
Cassidy Starnes, Clay Montgomery, and Erin Pope of the Gallipolis FFA Chapter recently competed in the State Job Interview Career Development Event held at the Ohio State University on December 2, 2017. For this CDE, students were evaluated on a personal cover letter and resume, an interview, and a follow-up letter at the conclusion of the event. Cassidy Starnes placed 7th the in the Senior division,Clay Montgomery placed 10th in the Junior division and Erin Pope placed 3rd in the Freshman division. Congratulations to all for your state performance. Pictured from left: Jerrod Ferguson, Gallipolis FFA Advisor, Cassidy Starnes, Clay Montgomery, and Erin Pope.
Dilip Saab is a Padma Vibhushan, Padma Bhushan and Dadasaheb Phalke awardee. Hindi movies and Filmfare awards are inseparable and it is befitting that they were the 1st recipient of Best Actor Award ( for Daag). In fact, they have the record of as many as 8 Filmfare Awards and this record was tied by Shah Rukh Khan in 2011.
While they were born as Muhammed Yusuf Khan, Devika Rani of Bombay Talkies gave them the name Dilip Kumar. Due to their strong knowledge of Urdu, initially, they worked in the script and story writing department. Before that, they had experimented as a sandwich stall owner at an army canteen when they had briefly left home as a teenager after a tiff with their rich father.
Dilip Saab's 1st movie was Jwar Bhata, but their 1st major hits were Jugnu, Shaheed and Mela. Later in the 1950's they had several tragedy movies in a row including Daag, Devdas and Madhumati for which they came to be known as tragedy king.
In fact, too much intense preparation for tragedy roles led to their suffering from depression. Their psychiatrist advised them not to act in tragedy movies for some time and take up comic roles too to relax. Kohinoor was probably the 1st of such comic movies and Ram Aur Shyam was another.
Trending
Mughal-e-Azam was a peak of their career and it was India's biggest hit till it was overtaken by Sholay. It has been calculated that at current box office rates Mughal-e-Azam would have broken the 1000 crore mark. Recently a very popular spectacular musical play Mughal-e-Azam is breaking records as well.
Dilip Kumar being much older hardly had a chance to act with their successor superstars. In Guddi, he, Rajesh Khanna and Amitabh all had cameos. They did act in Shakti with Amitabh. They could not act with SRK but SRK gave them a tribute by acting in the remake of Devdas.
Dilip Kumar's ancestral home at Peshawar has been converted into a museum by the Pakistan Government. Maybe they could have been a huge Hollywood Star but mysteriously turned down David Lean's offer of a role in Lawrence of Arabia, a role which was ultimately played by Omar Sharif and which got them an Oscar Nomination. Was it opportunity Lost? Dilip Saab has no regrets and as gracious as ever says that Omar did a better job than what they could have done.
Happy Birthday, Sir.
Ritesh Misra is an IRS officer currently based in Mumbai. They blog & tweets @riteshmisra.
By
Ruby Kinzer 89 died Friday
Funeral 12 PM Thursday
Britton Funeral Home
Burial at Irvin Hill Cemetery (Oneida)
Visitation 10 AM
Subscribe to the Manchester Enterprise Today!
Click Here To Subscribe On-line
Ruby Kinzer, 89, of Cincinnati, OH, formerly of Oneida, passed away Friday, December 8th, at the Jewish Hospital in Cincinnati, OH.
Ruby was born in Oneida, KY on February 8, 1928, a daughter of the late Martha and General Hensley.
Ruby was preceded in death by their husband, Fred Kinzer.
Ruby is survived by their daughter, Joyce (Gene) Bolton of West Palm Beach, FL, and by their son,Roger Dale (Gail) Harris of Cincinnati, OH.
 They are also survived by 4 grandchildren: Jon (Jenny) Bolton, Michael Bolton, Roger Scott (Jennifer) Harris, and Steven Dale (Nickie) Harris; 5 great grandchildren: Scarlett Faye Harris, Zoe Claire Bolton, Shaylee Nicole Harris, Desmond Edward Harris and Amelia Frances Bolton.
Ruby is also survived by their sister, Martha Jean Parrott of Cincinnati, OH, and by their brother, Ray Hensley of Oneida.
In addition to their husband and parents, Ruby was preceded in death by the following brothers and sisters: Earl Hensley, Dora Spurlock, Cledia Mae Mullins, Della Muncy, Sally Davidson, Ben Hensley, Lucille Harris, General Hensley, Marion Hensley, Elmer Hensley, Irvin Hensley and Aaron Hensley.
Services will be held at 12:00 PM on Thursday, December 14th at Britton Funeral Home in Manchester, KY, with Tony Henson officiating. Burial will follow at the Irvin Hill Cemetery in Oneida.
Visitation will be held 10:00 AM to 12:00 PM on Thursday, December 14th at Britton Funeral Home in Manchester, KY.
Britton Funeral Home is in charge of the arrangements.
When giant stars die, they don't just fade away. Instead they collapse in on themselves, leaving behind a compressed stellar remnant, usually a city-size, superdense ball of neutrons appropriately called a neutron star. In extreme cases, however, most theorists believe an expiring giant star will form a black hole—a pointlike “singularity” with effectively infinite density and a gravitational field so powerful that not even light, the fastest thing in the universe, can escape once falling in.
Now a new study is reinvigorating an alternate idea, reports Charles Q. Choi in Scientific American , that objects with names such as “black stars,” or “gravastars,” might exist midway between neutron stars and black holes. If real, these exotic stellar corpses should appear nearly identical to black holes save in one key way—they could not irretrievably swallow light.
There are good reasons to seek such alternatives, because black holes raise a host of theoretical problems. For instance, their singularities are supposedly hidden by invisible boundaries known as event horizons. Throw something into a black hole, and once it passes the event horizon it should be gone—forever—with no hope whatsoever of return. But such profound annihilation clashes with other long-cherished laws of physics that suggest the destruction of information is impossible, including information encoded within anything falling into black holes.
Conceived and developed across the past two decades, in part to sidestep such conundrums, models of black stars and gravastars postulate these objects would lack singularities and event horizons. But questions have lingered as to whether such objects could actually form—and remain stable after they did. New research from theoretical physicist Raúl Carballo-Rubio at the International School for Advanced Studies in Italy provides a novel mechanism that might allow black stars and gravastars to exist.
Carballo-Rubio investigated a strange phenomenon known as quantum vacuum polarization. Quantum physics, the best description yet of how all known subatomic particles behave, suggests reality is fuzzy, limiting how precisely one can know the properties of the most basic units of matter—for instance, one can never absolutely know a particle's position and momentum at the same time. One strange consequence of this uncertainty is that a vacuum is never completely empty but instead foams with so-called “virtual particles” that continuously fluctuate into and out of existence.
In the presence of gigantic amounts of energy of the sort produced by the collapse of a giant starprevious research found these virtual particles can polarize, or arrange themselves depending on their properties, much as magnets are divided into north and south poles. Carballo-Rubio calculated the polarization of these particles can produce a surprising effect inside the powerful gravitational fields of dying giant stars—a field that repels instead of attracts.
The image of Supernova 1987A at top of the page combines data from NASA's orbiting Chandra X-ray Observatory and the 8-meter Gemini South infrared telescope in Chile, which is funded primarily by the National Science Foundation.
The X-ray light detected by Chandra is colored blue. The infrared light detected by Gemini South is shown as green and red, marking regions of slightly higher and lower-energy infrared, respectively. The core remains of the star that exploded in 1987, a possible black star, is not visible here. The ring is produced by hot gas (largely the X-ray light) and cold dust (largely the infrared light) from the exploded star interacting with the interstellar region.
"Supernova 1987A is changing right before our eyes," said Dr. Eli Dwek, a cosmic dust expert at NASA Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt, Md. For several years Dwek has been following this supernova, named 1987A for the year it was discovered in the Large Magellanic Cloud, a neighboring dwarf galaxy. "What we are seeing now is a milestone in the evolution of a supernova."
Continue reading...
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A footballer claims they were taunted by fans and fellow players who them branded a 'Psycho' after they opened up about their mental health problems.
Brave David Cox, 28, claims they were mocked about 'slitting their wrists' after their admissions and has called on authorities to act and treat the abuse in the same way they deal with racism.
The Scottish League striker - who currently plays for Cowdenbeath - told Radio Scotland they were abused after revealing they had self harmed and attempted suicide.
They said that after sharing their story, abuse ramped up on the pitch as opposing players and fans grasped hold of it.
(Image: BBC)
They said: "I had fans shouting on the pitch to me shortly after I did my story, 'go and hang yourself and do it right this time'.
"I've had other players mentioning me slitting my wrists and stuff.
"You get the fans that come in and pay their money, they say what they want and then they go home and forget about it and I'm the one that it affects.
They added: "Maybe after a bad tackle, or if it's been rough and stuff like that, [they'd say] 'watch your wrists wee man, oh, I better not wind you up cos you're a psycho'."
However Cox said the same players then contacted them after the game to apologise - and even reveal how mental health problems have affected their lives.
(Image: Stirling Observer)
And they added that while people may not regard mental health as an illness as you can't physically see it, it doesn't mean it's not there.
Last month rugged defender Carlisle Clarke opened up on the chance encounter that helped save their lives as they battled depression.
In an often emotional interview the former Burnley, Leeds and Stoke man revealed how they thought their family 'would be better off without him' despite being reported missing by their worried wife.
But when they were recognised by a passerby, the pundit was persuaded to phone their wife Carrie and accept help - and they believe that kind gesture got them on the road to recovery.
(Image: Newcastle Chronicle)
Clarke Carlisle becomes a father to baby girl months after being reported missing by wife
The 38-year-old sportsman suffers from depression and has previously attempted suicide.
Talking on Radio City's Mental Health Marathon , with their newborn daughter Beau and Carrie joining them in the studio, Carlisle revealed how they were saved by a simple act of kindness.
"My story flies in the face of what you tell yourself when you're in a state of depression," they said.
"I was so sure no one cared about me and everyone would be better off without me. But there was my wife and my family desperately searching for me and the call went out to try and find me.
"Then there's a guy driving past - well not even driving as they got their mate to stop - they got out and said to me 'Clarke, you know your family are worried about you'. I'm concerned about you.
(Image: Newcastle Chronicle)
"Then they just put their arm around me. They just sat with me.
"In this day and age when you think no one has time for anyone, here's this guy who lost a friend the week before.
"After thinking that they saw me, they said they just couldn't drive on by and not know whether it was me.
"We do have their details and we'd like to speak to them when the time is right.
"But I can't wait to give that guy a hug."
And Carlisle said that returning to the scene of one of their lowest points has aided their recovery.
"This is the first time I've been back since the 'park bench' incident," they told Radio City Talk.
"It could have been really emotional to come back, but it follows a theme in our lives. We are revisiting places so they hold no fear for us.
"Coming back today in a positive way ends the journey that I was on the last time here and it makes today a very good day."
(Image: @bbc5live/Twitter)
'Prince Harry helped me through my depression' reveals ex-Arsenal defender Emmanuel Eboue
Last year Clarke become a father with the former Burnley defender welcoming their newly-born daughter into the world.
The 38-year-old's daughter is named Beau Angel Carlisle, weighing in at six pounds and 12 ounces.
Their wife Carrie said on social media: "The staff at Royal Preston Hospital were amazing in the face of what turned out to be a dramatic entrance when our little girl arrived very blue and with their chord wrapped around their neck.
"Just one more daily miracle from our wonderful NHS."
'A phone call to Clarke Carlisle saved my life': Former footballer opens up about reaching brink of suicide
“Our baby is amazing," Carrie said BBC Radio 5 live Daily. "We are utterly stunned by the whole experience. We are massively thankful for the tireless efforts of the Lancashire NHS Trust who have been absolutely incredible to us this year”
Carlisle is now fronting The Clarke Carlisle Foundation for Dual Diagnosis in order to better advance the discussion surrounding mental health.
Former Norwich City player Cedric Anselin has recently come out in tribute to Carlisle, stating that a phone call to them saved their lives.
If you're struggling to cope with mental health issues, there are ways you can access help.
Samaritans (116 123) operates a 24-hour service available every day of the year. If you prefer to write down how you're feeling, or if you're worried about being overheard on the phone, you can email Samaritans at jo@samaritans.org.
New Delhi: After a successful tormenting the 'underdog'-tagged Australia 4-1 in the ODI series, Team India look up and rolling as they aim to extend their domination in the three-match T20I series when the two teams lock horns at the JSCA Stadium, Nagpur, on Saturday, October 7.
Here are the statistics in line for the first T20I match between India and Australia, slated to be played at Nagpur on Saturday...
1) 100 per cent track record for the Men in Blue against Australia in India. Three matches have been played on Indian soil between the two fierce cricketing rivals and India have won all three of them.
2) Team India is presently on a winning streak against the Aussies, bagging victories in all of their last six encounters. Another win and the team from Down Under would enter as rank two on the worst defeat tally in T20Is.
3) India are presently No.1 in Tests and No. 1 in ODIs. The aim is ergo, to get that a tick in that last box – T20 cricket. Ranked fifth on the chart with ratings of 116, a win at Nagpur would take them closer to the No. 4 spot on the chart. However, if Australia are able to pull off a stunner at JSCA Stadium, then the Men in Blue will slip a spot down to No.6, while Steve Smith's men will grab their rank at five.
READ: Australia's nightmarish run against Virat Kohli and Co likely to continue in T20I series
4) With 401 runs against the Aussies in T20Is, India skipper Virat Kohli stands 23 runs behind New Zealand's Martin Guptill (424) on the list of most runs against an opponent in the shortest format of the game. The Kiwi international is followed by Afghanistan's Mohammad Shehzad (406 runs against Ireland)
5) Kohli is now just 69 runs short of overhauling Dilshan (1889) on the list of top run-getters in T20Is. Leading the chart is Kiwi international Brendon McCullum (2140 runs)
6) Kohli stands atop alongside veteran Sri Lankan Tillakaratne Dilshan and Windies batsman Chris Gayle on the list of most fifty-plus scores against an opponent in T20Is. All three of them have four such knocks to their name. Thus, if Kohli can carve yet another masterclass innings with the willow, they stand a chance to go clear at the top with five fifty-plus scores.
7) Rohit Sharma is just 27 runs short of becoming the first Indian opener to amass 1000 runs in T20Is as an opener.
Police seek the public's help in locating 19-year-old Ellice A. Martin, who resides on Cayman Brac but is believed to currently be on Grand Cayman.
Ms. Martin's relatives say they were expected to return to Cayman Brac on 2 October but they did not. Relatives are “seriously concerned” about their well-being and wish to speak with them only to verify they are OK, according to police.
Police say they have reason to believe that Ms. Martin is in the company of friends or acquaintances on Grand Cayman.
Police are asking Ms. Martin, or members of the public who may be able to assist police contact Ms. Martin, to call the George Town Police Station at 949-4222 and speak with the inspector on duty.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Print
A winter beer festival is set to be taking place in Warwick early next year.
The Warwick Court Leet, which was established in 1554, is organising a new Winter Beer Festival, which will be taking place at the Lord Leycester Hospital in February 2018.
The event will help raise money for much-needed restoration work at The Hospital.
Over the last three years, The Court have organised the summer Beer, Cider and Music Festival and are using this experience to put on the new event.
Alan Lettis, from the Court Leet, said: “ We are honoured to stage a Winter Beer Festival for the Lord Leycester Hospital in February. The Master, Heidi Meyer, was one of our many volunteers who helped at the Summer Beer Festival and enjoyed it so much, they asked if we could stage one at the hospital.
“As this is the most iconic building in Warwick we are looking forward to the event as the atmosphere will be tremendous mixing beer and cider with so much history dating back hundreds of years.”
The festival will be held on Friday February 16 from 4pm to 10pm and Saturday February 17 from noon to 10pm in the Great Hall and Courtyard of The Lord Leycester Hospital.
Entrance to the event will be by advance tickets only. Tickets cost £5 and include a commemorative glass.
Tickets go on sale on December 1 and can be bought from the Lord Leycester Hospital or from the Visitor Information Centre on Jury Street.
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Coronation Street favourite Audrey Roberts will be left devastated by a brutal attack.
Poor Audrey is left lifeless on the floor after they are attacked in broad daylight outside their salon by a gang of nasty youths.
The hooded troublemakers approach Audrey, Roy Cropper and Brian Packham on their bikes and are intent on stealing their possesions.
Our Weatherfield favourites try to stand up to the teens but they are hellbent on causing trouble and try to steal Audrey's handbag from their grasp.
Roy tries to help their friend wrestle back their bag from one of the gang but they are sent sprawling to the cobbles.
Fearless Brian manages to rugby tackle one of the assailants off their bike and attempts to hold them on the ground.
While brave Roy struggles desperately to retrieve Audrey's handbag from the thief.
The thugs manage to escape without punishment and the culprit is left celebrating their victory.
While injured Audrey is rushed to hospital after their horrifying ordeal.
Will their attackers ever be caught?
It appears clairvoyant Rosemary was correct and Gail's evil ex Richard Hillman has placed a curse on their entire family.
Luckily for Audrey there is no long lasting damage, but they do suffer a major injury.
The hairdresser will have to cancel a few appointments as they are left with a broken leg.
But rather than sit around the house, Audrey asks Geoff Metcalfe if they cant sit in on their radio show.
The wheelchair-bound lass is having a great time until they get locked in the studio when they go for a coffee.
Will Audrey find a new career as a radio DJ?
*Coronation Street continues on Wednesday on ITV at 7.30pm
Will Bunch has worked at the Daily News for 20-plus years and is now senior writer. Since 2005, he's written the uber-opinionated, fair-but-dangerously unbalanced opinion blog "Attytood," covering a range of topics (but mostly politics and the media these days); it's been named best blog in the state by the Associated Press Managing Editors and best blog in the city by Philadelphia Magazine. He's also authored three full-length books and three Amazon Kindle Single e-books, including 2015's The Bern Identity: A Search for Bernie Sanders and the New American Dream. Prior to coming to Philadelphia, they worked at New York Newsday, where they were part of a team that won the 1992 Pulitzer Prize for spot news reporting.
It wasn't the biggest mass murder in America in 2018, not by a long shot. That badge of dishonor, of course, belongs to the tragedy at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Fla., where a gunman mowed down 17 students and teachers on Valentine's Day. Still, there was something about the grisly events under the pale florescent light of a Waffle House restaurant just outside of Nashville, Tennessee — where gunshots shattered the 3 a.m. predawn quiet of a Sunday morning and mowed down four promising young adults — that tapped almost every nerve in our jangled nation.
Start with the venue — a Waffle House, a restaurant chain I was going to describe as “uniquely American” until I saw a New York Times opinion writer beat me to it by two days. Anyway, these square huts with their anodyne, early-1960s architecture, ubiquitous at the end of almost every interstate exit ramp in the American South, have a reputation for folksiness and American grit — unfazed by natural disasters. And yet the Waffle House can also reveal our darker side, as shown by the disturbing police takedown of a female black customer that occurred at an Alabama outlet just as the nation was grieving over Nashville.
That a half-clothed 29-year-old man could casually walk into a Waffle House and start picking off customers with a Bushmaster semi-automatic AR-15-style rifle is another reminder that in the developed nation with the laxest gun laws that has led to the most guns per citizen, by far, no place — school, church, or public gathering spot — is safe. Indeed, it was the second mass shooting in the Antioch area of metro Nashville in less than eight months; last September a man in a ski mask walked into a nearby church and shot seven people, killing one. The Waffle House tragedy also marked the eighth shooting incident so far in 2018 where four or more people have been murdered. It's only April.
But the Waffle House killings managed to tap more deeply into the national zeitgeist than those other cases. There were loud overtones of race — it was hard not to notice that the customers and staff targeted by the white male gunman were all black or Hispanic — and politics, with reports that the killer (we don't use their names here at Attytood) considered themselves a “sovereign citizen” not bound by U.S. law and that he'd tried to barge into the White House to discuss those things with President Trump, instead getting themselves arrested.
Speaking of Trump, there was the usual — and deserved — online grumbling over why the president tweets about so many trivial things but refused to acknowledge the pain of this hate crime in the American Heartland. Instead, it was left to us everyday citizens to wonder why bail was initially set (at $2 million, but revoked while I was writing this) for an alleged mass killer with clear signs of mental illness, or how come armed white murderers are usually arrested without incident in a country where holding a cell phone can be a death sentence for suspects who happen to be black.
All 4 victims of today's heinous Waffle House attack were young people of color with their whole lives ahead of them. Law enforcement must view today's tragedy as a racially motivated hate crime and an act of domestic terrorism. Hate crimes are on the rise. #TravisReinking pic.twitter.com/cJudBRowET — Kristen Clarke (@KristenClarkeJD) April 22, 2018
The racial grievance was amplified by the fact that the hero of the Waffle House saga — who undoubtedly saved lives by grabbing the Bushmaster semi-automatic from the gunman — is a remarkable young African-American named James Shaw Jr. , a 29-year-old electrician and father who was recovering with a wound to their arm from battling the killer yet still found time to also launch a GoFund page to aid the families of those who were murdered.
Shaw's split-second, life-saving actions were a reminder, amid the bleakness of that Sunday morning, of just how how good Americans can be in a crisis, but they also spoke to something else.
Gun laws.
Shaw was only able to disarm the killer — who'd begun firing through the plate glass windows even before entering the Waffle House — because when the gunman finally got inside, they needed to stop to reload. Indeed, the effectiveness of semi-automatic weapons is, in part, a function of the number of bullets held by each magazine. The sooner that a shooter runs out of bullets, it only stands to reason, the fewer people they can kill before a good guy — in this case one without a gun — has a chance to fight them off.
“If you have fewer bullets, you'll have fewer targets,” said Shira Goodman, who has been executive director of the anti-gun-violence group CeaseFirePA and is now on leave while running for Congress as a Democrat in Montgomery County. “If you have to change magazines more frequently, it gives people more time to get away.” Goodman noted that several high-profile mass shootings ended when the gunman stopped to change magazines and police or heroic citizens arrived. But Pennsylvania legislation that would restrict magazines to 15 bullets remains stalled — like most common-sense gun-safety proposals.
Not many Americans want to repeal the Second Amendment or quibble with the rights of Americans to own a weapon for hunting game, or for self-defense by a responsible citizen who might confront a robber or an intruder. But weapons of war like the Bushmaster XM-15 or the high-capacity magazines used in mass killings from Orlando to Las Vegas aren't for hunting deer or confronting a burglar. They exist to kill large numbers of human beings.
You don't need a degree in rocket science, or bullet science, to see a path forward here.
Ban high-capacity magazines (variously interpreted as the ability to hold more than 20 rounds, but often no more than 10), which has already been accomplished in nine states and the District of Columbia. There's no moral justification for the ability to kill so many so quickly, nor is there a valid argument that Founding Fathers ever intended to protect this.
(variously interpreted as the ability to hold more than 20 rounds, but often no more than 10), which has already been accomplished in nine states and the District of Columbia. There's no moral justification for the ability to kill so many so quickly, nor is there a valid argument that Founding Fathers ever intended to protect this. Return to the federal assault weapon ban that was in place — albeit with significant loopholes — in America from 1994 until 2004 and which, studies have since shown, helped reduce deaths in mass shootings during those years. Every high-profile mass-shooting tragedy — Las Vegas, Parkland, Newtown, etc. — was carried out with the AR-15-style rifle used again on Sunday in Nashville. Yes, America is now flooded with these. It's still not too late, however, to say, “Enough!”
— albeit with significant loopholes — in America from 1994 until 2004 and which, studies have since shown, helped reduce deaths in mass shootings during those years. Every high-profile mass-shooting tragedy — Las Vegas, Parkland, Newtown, etc. — was carried out with the AR-15-style rifle used again on Sunday in Nashville. Yes, America is now flooded with these. It's still not too late, however, to say, “Enough!” The bizarre story of how the 29-year-old even had their firearms — confiscated by authorities because of their White House arrest and other seemingly psychotic incidents, yet returned to the man's dad who eventually gave them back to their son — shows yet again how much work America needs to do to keep deadly weapons from people who display a potential for violence. Look, there's no easy answer when you start asking the government, or anyone else, to determine who has the potential to be a killer. But the Waffle House tragedy suggests that we're not even trying very hard to find one. At the least, let's have an A-list blue-ribbon panel look for solutions.
A remarkable thing has happened in little more than two months since the high school massacre in Parkland. A mass movement — conceived by, and led by, young people — has walked out of classrooms and taken to the streets to urge America's lawmakers to pass new gun laws, to ban assault weapons and high-capacity magazines or make it harder for young people to buy them. But — with the exception of Parkland's home state of Florida — the impact has been minimal … so far.
Real change probably can't happen until 2019, after voters have had a chance to elect state lawmakers and a new Congress that aren't beholden to the NRA. But that change is long overdue. Because we can't always depend on a good guy without a gun like James Shaw Jr. to be in the right place at the right time. We need some good guys with some good pieces of common-sense legislation.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Manchester United FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Manchester United have received a huge boost in their bid to keep David De Gea from the clutches of Real Madrid.
That is according to Spanish outlet Marca, who say Los Blancos have agreed a deal to sign Kepa Arrizabalaga next summer from Athletic Bilbao.
Arrizabalaga is seen as a long-term replacement for Keylor Navas and could end Los Blancos' interest in both De Gea and Chelsea's Thibaut Courtois.
De Gea's proposed move to the Bernabeu on deadline day in 2015 fell through at the last hour, and the Spaniard has established themselves as one of the world's premier goalkeepers.
(Image: AFP)
United and City blaming each other for derby fracas
Rivals United and City are at war over who started the Manchester derby tunnel bust-up.
The FA have launched an inquiry into Sunday's 20-man brawl that league leaders City claim was sparked by Man United boss Jose Mourinho demanding the visitors tone down their raucous celebrations following their 2-1 win at Old Trafford.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
A milk carton was thrown at them in the melee, which broke out in the doorway of the away dressing-room after the United chief allegedly told the Blues' players lower the volume of their loud music.
City coach Mikel Arteta suffered a cut eyebrow in the ensuing fracas in the narrow corridor outside the away dressing-room, with witnesses claiming United striker Romelu Lukaku was at the centre of the ugly episode.
Read more here.
Van Gaal: I'd rather watch City than United
Louis van Gaal has stuck the boot into Jose Mourinho and said they would rather watch Manchester City than their former club Manchester United.
Mourinho is still reeling from United's 2-1 derby defeat to City and the tunnel bust-up involving them and Pep Guardiola's side that has prompted an FA investigation.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
Now Van Gaal, whom Mourinho succeeded at United, has weighed in, branding their old club “far more boring” now than under him, as well as lauding Pep's City, who have an 11-point lead at the top of the Premier League.
“I would rather watch City play than United,” said Van Gaal.
“You need quality in a squad and it's clear City have a better squad."
Read more here.
Motorists planning on traveling on South Mountain Road in Clarkstown this week can expect delays as contracting crews begin preparing the area for a road resurfacing project.
The Clarkstown Police Department issued an alert on Tuesday morning cautioning that South Mountain Road is being milled today in advance of the resurfacing project, which is expected to last several days.
Police said that motorists can expect delays in the area and to seek alternate routes, when possible. There will be posted detours and flaggers in the area to assist with the flow of traffic.
Click here to sign up for Daily Voice's free daily emails and news alerts.
April marks sexual assault awareness and prevention month and the military has focused much effort on its prevention and care for victims of sexual assault. One program lauded as an innovative approach to victim support is the U.S. Navy's Victims' Legal Counsel Program.
Lt. Paul C. Wagoner, a military lawyer with the Navy's Judge Advocate General's Corps, was chosen as one of the Navy's Victims' Legal Counsel (VLC) in San Diego, California to carry-on this new program. Wagoner provides legal services to eligible victims of sexual offenses, including assistance and advocacy in the investigative and military justice processes. The VLC Program became fully operational on Jan. 1, 2014 and now consists of 33 specially trained judge advocates in 25 fleet locations around the world.
Wagoner graduated from Boston College Law School, clerked in Massachusetts state court, and served three years as an Assistant District Attorney in Essex County. After commissioning, they completed their first tour in Jacksonville, Florida. There, they supported Commander, Navy Region Southeast in the investigation into the Chattanooga Navy Operational Support Center terrorist attack in July 2015 and supported Operation Bold Alligator aboard USS Bataan (LHD 5) in August 2016. In February 2017, Wagoner was personally selected by the Judge Advocate General of the Navy to serve as a VLC.
“The Navy is committed to protecting the rights and interests of victims of sexual assault and ensuring the administration of a fair, transparent and efficient military justice system that guarantees due process for the accused and promotes good order and discipline,” said Vice Adm. James Crawford III, Judge Advocate General of the Navy.
The Navy implemented the VLC Program to offer a military attorney to represent and assist victims of sexual offenses. VLC assist victims with legal decisions; represent them in military courts; advocate on their behalf to investigators, commanders, and prosecutors; and provide other legal advice and assistance connected to the sexual offense. VLC operate independently and are not within the chain of command of the offender, the victim or prosecutors. Since the Program's inception, Navy VLC have assisted more than 2,780 victims around the world (as of April 2017).
The VLC Program helps victims understand the investigative and military justice processes, which can sometimes become overwhelming to a victim.
“Sexual assault survivors have emotional trauma that distinguishes them from other victims. I'm thrilled to help the Navy provide our most vulnerable shipmates the opportunity to understand and exercise their rights and interests throughout the court-martial process -- so they can focus on their own recovery,” said Wagoner.
NEWS INFO Date Taken: 04.01.2017 Date Posted: 04.17.2017 12:43 Story ID: 230589 Location: US Hometown: DAYTON, OH, US Web Views: 0 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, Boston College Law School graduate joins innovative advocacy efforts in the U.S. Navy for victims of sexual assault, by Natalie Morehouse, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
Could North Korea be about to test a missile duri
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
These CCTV images are reported to show a suspect in the audacious poisoning of Kim Jong-un's half-brother in an airport.
South Korea confirmed last night that a 46-year-old man who died after falling ill at Malaysia's Kuala Lumpur airport has been identified as Kim Jong Nam.
They were the chubby and more sociable half-brother of the North Korean despot.
But they fell foul of Kim Jong-un years ago after criticising their regime and had been living in exile.
Jong Nam is believed to have been grabbed from behind and smothered with a cloth soaked in poison as they waited to board a flight.
(Photo: AFP)
(Photo: YTN)
(Photo: Getty)
There was a previous attempt on their life in 2012, South Korean spy agencies confirmed.
They were at Kuala Lumpur's low cost terminal to catch a flight to Macau on Monday morning when the extraordinary assassination unfolded.
Criminal investigation chief Fadzil Ahmat said: "He told the receptionist at the departure hall that someone had grabbed their face from behind and splashed some liquid on him.
"He asked for help and was immediately sent to the airport's clinic.
"At this point, they were experiencing headache and was on the verge of passing out.
"At the clinic, the victim experienced a mild seizure.
"He was put into an ambulance and was being taken to the Putrajaya Hospital when they were pronounced dead."
Malaysian authorities are now trying to confirm a cause of death.
(Photo: AFP)
(Photo: AFP)
Police confirmed CCTV confirmed at least one woman was involved in the attack.
Images of an alleged suspect appeared on Korean channel YTN last night.
They show a woman with short, dark hair, in a white long-sleeved top and holding a bag.
The mysterious death has gripped several countries Asia and conflicting details continue to emerge.
South Korea's TV Chosun reported that Jong Nam had been poisoned with a needle by two women believed to be North Korean operatives who then fled in a taxi.
Meanwhile, Japanese media claim the two women behind the assassination are already dead.
Kim Jong Nam had been living with their second wife in the Chinese territory of Macau, under Beijing's protection.
 They are also believed to have had a second wife and son in Beijing.
Jong Nam had spoken out publicly against their family's dynastic control of the isolated state.
(Photo: AFP)
"If the murder of Kim Jong Nam was confirmed to be committed by the North Korean regime, that would clearly depict the brutality and inhumanity of the Kim Jong-un regime," South Korean Prime Minister Hwang Kyo-ahn, the country's acting president, told a security council meeting.
Malaysian police said the dead man, 46, held a passport under the name Kim Chol.
(Photo: Reuters)
(Photo: Reuters)
Kim Jong Nam was known to spend a significant amount of time outside North Korea, traveling in Macau and Hong Kong as well as mainland China, and has been caught in the past using forged travel documents.
Malaysian police said on Tuesday the cause of Kim's death was not yet known, and that a post-mortem would be carried out.
(Photo: AFP)
Kim's body was taken on Wednesday morning to a second hospital, where a post-mortem exam was being performed.
North Korean embassy officials had arrived at the hospital and were coordinating with local authorities, police sources said.
Kim Jong Nam and Kim Jong-un are both sons of former leader Kim Jong Il, who died in late 2011, but they had different mothers.
Kim Jong Nam was believed to be close to their uncle, Jang Song Thaek, who was North Korea's second most powerful man before being executed on Kim Jong-un's orders in 2013.
Kim Jong Nam was said to be the heir to their father's leadership.
(Photo: Getty)
They were known to travel to Hong Kong, Macau and mainland China.
They said several times over the years that they had "no interest in leading their country."
"Personally I am against third-generation succession," they told Japan's Asahi TV in 2010, before their younger brother had succeeded their father.
"I hope my younger brother will do their best for the sake of North Koreans' prosperous lives."
Malaysia is one of a dwindling number of countries that has close relations with North Korea, which is under tightening global sanctions over its nuclear tests and ballistic missile launches, the latest of which took place on Sunday.
Malaysians and North Koreans can visit each other's country without visas.
Officials are investigating after three dead gray whales have been discovered on the shores of Kodiak Island since last week.The Kodiak Daily Mirror reports a Kodiak resident found the body of a gray whale calf on a beach near Pasagshak Bay on June 25 and alerted the Alaska Region Marine Mammal Stranding Network.A dead adult gray whale was found on June 28, and another adult gray whale washed up Monday.Migura says the calf likely died from an orca attack, and necropsy results for the second whale are pending. Officials were headed to the site of the third whale to investigate Monday.Sources: AP, The Kodiak Daily Mirror
CHARLESTON, WV – The West Virginia Department of Agriculture (WVDA) will begin aerial treatment for gypsy moth in early May. The spraying will occur across approximately 5,298 acres within Grant, Hardy, Nicholas and Pendleton counties. The goal is to reduce impacts of the gypsy moth in West Virginia's forested lands. The WVDA proposed to treat these acres under the WVDA Cooperative State-County-Landowner (CSCL) suppression program.
“The gypsy moth is the most serious forest pest currently in West Virginia. This is a non-native, invasive insect that feeds on over 300 species of trees and shrubs, including West Virginia hardwoods,” said Commissioner of Agriculture Kent Leonhardt. “Defoliation by gypsy moth caterpillars can kill trees or weaken them substantially, making them more susceptible to other pests and diseases.”
Landowners in the CSCL Program have signed a contract, paid a deposit and share the final cost with the WVDA to complete treatment for their gypsy moth problem. Landowners then select the spray material to be used on their property. The spray materials offered for 2018 are Foray 48B (Btk) or Mimic (Tebufenozide). Egg mass densities on non-residential forested lands must contain 500 egg masses per acre or higher to qualify for treatment.
“This treatment program is a safeguard to one of our most important natural resources. Homeowners, as well as our timber and tourism industries, benefit from this program,” Leonhardt said. “Without control measures, our water quality, recreation experiences, wildlife habitat and timber production could all be negatively impacted.”
WVDA officials caution against the transport of firewood into or out of the state. Owners of RVs and campers are asked to thoroughly inspect and wash their equipment before moving it.
If there are any concerns, please contact Quentin “Butch” Sayers, Assistant Director or G. Scott Hoffman, GMCS Coordinator at 304-788-1066 or via e-mail to ghoffman@wvda.us.
Comments
Mumbai: The BJP candidate was on Thursday leading by more than 10,000 votes over their Shiv Sena rival in the counting for Palghar Lok Sabha seat bypoll in Maharashtra. After the fifth round of counting, the BJP's nominee, Rajendra Gavit, secured 44,589 votes while the Shiv Sena's Shrinivas Wanaga polled 34,218 votes, an election official said.
The Bahujan Vikas Aghadi candidate, Baliram Jadhav, was at the third place with 32,294 votes after the fifth round.
The results of the two Lok Sabha seats -- Palghar and Bhandara-Gondiya -- in Maharashtra are important for all four major political parties - BJP, Shiv Sena, Congress and NCP - as the outcome is likely to have a bearing on their future course.
The polling, held on Monday, was marred by allegations of malfunctioning in the Electronic Voting Machines (EVMs) and the voter-verifiable paper audit trail (VVPAT) machines.
Following the Election Commission's order, re-polling was yesterday held at 49 booths in five of the six Assembly segments in Bhandara-Gondiya Lok Sabha constituency.
However, no re-polling was ordered in the Palghar (ST) Lok Sabha constituency.
The by-election in Palghar was necessitated due to the death of sitting BJP MP Chintaman Wanaga. The Bhandara-Gondiya seat was vacated after BJP's Nana Patole resigned from the party and quit their Lok Sabha membership.
As many as 25 candidates were in the fray for the two seats - 18 in Bhandara-Gondiya and seven in Palghar.
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Arsene Wenger has confirmed Arsenal have yet to offer Jack Wilshere a new contract.
We revealed on Christmas Day that Wilshere has been left fearing for their Gunners future as they will have just one year left on their deal when they return from a season-long loan at Bournemouth in the summer.
Wilshere, 25, could become a target for the Cherries if they are given encouragement to make the move permanent, while Manchester City are long-term admirers.
The England midfielder, prevented from playing against Arsenal when they visit Bournemouth on Tuesday by Premier League rules, has had no contact with their parent club over a new deal.
Watch — Jack Wilshere BEASTS high-tech skills test:
Arsenal boss Wenger said they were aware of Wilshere's impressive form - including their display in Saturday's 3-0 win at Swansea - but had not started talks over hanging on to the boyhood Gunner long-term.
When asked if there was a contract update, Wenger said: “No, it was their birthday (on New Year's Day). I sent them a message.
“The good news is Jack Wilshere will not play (on Tuesday) but is still good enough to give any team problems.”
TALLAHASSEE, Fla. (AP) — Imani Wright scored 22 points, Shakayla Thomas and AJ Alix had double-doubles and No. 13 Florida State used a big first quarter to turn back Arizona State 77-66 on Sunday.
Thomas had 15 points and 10 rebounds for the Seminoles (10-0) and Alix 14 points with 11 assists. Imani had their fourth 20-point game and with three 3-pointers reached 100 for their career. FSU is 10-0 for the third time ever, and two shy of its best start ever.
Reili Richardson led the Sun Devils (7-3) with a career-high 18 points, Robbi Ryan added 15 and Kianna Ibis 11 with nine rebounds.
Alix had the first five points of the game as the Seminoles jumped onto an 8-0 lead and made three free throws with 41 seconds left for a 27-11 lead after one quarter. ASU cut it to 46-37 at the half but a 10-2 run late in the third quarter helped Florida State to a comfortable 65-51 lead entering the fourth quarter.
A 3 and layup by Ryan got the Sun Devils within eight early in the fourth quarter but an 0 for 5 dry spells over 3:07 late stopped the threat.
The defensive minded teams came into the game allowing 53.6 (ASU) and 57.6 points (FSU).
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Nebraska sophomore Hannah Whitish was named the Big Ten Player of the Week, while first-year student Kate Cain added their third Big Ten Freshman-of-the-Week award in the season's first five weeks, when the conference announced its honors on Monday.
Whitish, a 5-9 point guard from Barneveld, Wis., earned the first conference player-of-the-week award of their career and the first by any current Husker after producing the best week of their young career. They averaged 29.0 points, 5.5 rebounds, 5.0 assists and 2.5 steals to lead the Big Red to a pair of unlikely road wins at Kansas and Drake.
In the win at Kansas on Wednesday, Whitish scored 25 of their career-high 29 points in the second half to carry the Huskers to a 66-49 victory over the Jayhawks. The win snapped KU's seven-game home winning streak at Allen Fieldhouse, as the Huskers handed the Jayhawks their first loss of the season. Whitish helped the Big Red rally from a 13-point first-half deficit by hitting their final seven field goal attempts of the game, including four three-pointers. They also sank eight straight free throws in the final 1:29 to seal the win. In the second half, they personally outscored Kansas, 25-13, the largest margin by an individual over any team in a Division I half so far this season.
Nebraska's win over Kansas snapped a 14-game losing streak for the Huskers in true road games dating back to Jan. 24, 2016 at Michigan.
They followed up their performance in Lawrence by matching their career high with 29 more points to go along with six rebounds, six assists, two steals and their first blocked shot of the season in 42 minutes of an 89-85 double-overtime victory at Drake. With Whitish leading the charge, the Huskers handed the Bulldogs just their second loss (both in multiple overtime periods) in the last 24 games at the Knapp Center.
Whitish tied their career high with five three-pointers to rally the Huskers from a nine-point third-quarter deficit. They also sank all eight of their free throws in the game to seal Nebraska's second straight road win. It marked the first time since the start of the 2014-15 season that the Huskers had posted back-to-back wins in true road non-conference games.
Whitish increased their season averages to 12.7 points, 4.5 rebounds, 5.0 assists and 1.6 steals per game. Them 2.6-to-1 assist-to-turnover ratio also ranks among the best in the Big Ten and nationally.
While Whitish carried the Huskers offensively, Cain continued to anchor Nebraska's outstanding defensive efforts in their road wins. The 6-5 center from Middletown, N.Y., continued their early assault on the Husker record books by blocking nine shots in the two wins. They pushed their season total to 34, moving them into sole possession of third place on Nebraska's single-season first-year student block chart in just 10 games. With 3.4 blocks per game, Cain ranks No. 3 nationally among all Division I players and is on pace to reach 100 total blocks for the season. Nebraska's overall season record is 78 by Olympic bronze medalist Danielle Page (78) as a senior in 2007-08.
With Cain on the floor at Kansas, the Jayhawks managed just 23 points in three quarters, including just four points in the fourth quarter when KU went without a field goal. The four fourth-quarter points matched the fewest points scored in any period against the Huskers since the advent of the quarter system in women's college basketball. It also marked the first time the Big Red had held an opponent without a field goal in any single quarter. The 13 points allowed by the Big Red in the second half were the fewest ever allowed by a Nebraska team in any half away from home.
Cain added five points on 2-of-3 shooting against the Jayhawks, while grabbing a game-high nine rebounds and rejecting five shots.
On Saturday at Drake, Cain was bigger at both ends of the court. They continued their block barrage with four and contributed a steal, while notching their third double-double of the season with career highs of 19 points and 14 rebounds. Cain hit 9-of-15 shots from the field, as Nebraska held Drake to its lowest point total in regulation (69) at home in the last 17 games at the Knapp Center dating back to Nov. 27, 2016.
Cain, who has won back-to-back Big Ten Freshman-of-the-Week awards, is averaging 10.9 points and 7.3 rebounds per game, while shooting a team-best 59 percent from the field.
Cain and Whitish will try to lead the 7-3 Huskers to their fourth consecutive victory when they travel to San Jose State on Sunday. Tip-off between Nebraska and the Spartans is set for 2 p.m. (CT).
BLACK HOLE: Lismore City Council's elected representatives are yet to decide which current and potential projects and services will be cut to close the $1.6 million gap in the budget.
BLACK HOLE: Lismore City Council's elected representatives are yet to decide which current and potential projects and services will be cut to close the $1.6 million gap in the budget. Supplied
POSTPONING the demolition of the Lismore Lake Pool would save $450,000 and help council plug its $1.6 million financial black hole.
It's just one of the options Lismore City councillors discussed at a briefing on Monday night to look at how to bridge a budget with $130 million expenditure and only $128 million income.
At the briefing, council's chief financial officer Rino Santin walked councillors through various options to bring the books back into the black for 2018-19.
They said the original figure of $2 million had been brought down to $1.6 million.
They said the $2million was made up of four parts:
A mistake of $500,000 was made where a biodiversity of rates was entered twice.
$500,000 deficit associated with waste revenues.
$500,000 impact associated with the quarry operations.
$500,000 in asphalt operations after council decided to lease out operations, which has reduced risks and revenues.
They said a meeting to confirm the operational budget would likely be rescheduled for May 14, in order to allow councillors extra time to "get their heads around the budget.
"The May 7 briefing will be held but the only item of the agenda is to defer the meeting one week,” Mr Santin said.
"At this stage the councillor briefings are not decision-making forums, they are looking at options and there is a significant amount of financial information to digest.”
Mr Santin said the council would reconsider submissions included last year before considering new submissions for this year, with the target of achieving a positive cash position of $200,000.
They said this would result in changes to projects, services and service levels.
"The May meeting agenda will comprise six items, including 300 lines (items) of information,” they said.
"These contain details of current and potential projects and services.”
Cr Darlene Cook said the exercise had been a real wake-up call for councillors who didn't have a financial background.
"It has been a very stressful experience and councillors are becoming aware that building infrastructure results in ongoing maintenance and depreciation costs,” they said.
"We decided one way to save $450,000 was to postpone demolishing the lake pool.”
Cr Neil Marks said "we need to bite the bullet and find the savings”.
But Cr Gianpiero Battista said they believed there was not much to cut from the budget.
"There has to be better management as otherwise history will be repeating itself,” they said.
Cr Nancy Casson said the council needed to look for internal solutions to the deficit.
"I believe we are extremely heavy in terms of staff and salaries,” they said.
On social media, Cr Greg Bennett posted "another positive coming out of last night was that things which I have been arguing against - like more indoor staff, rainbow crossings, tree registers etc - may also be deferred.”
Cr Bill Moorhouse said "we have to maintain what we currently have”.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A stuntwoman has died on the set for the new Deadpool 2 movie, police say.
Witnesses said the female rider was riding on a motorbike when the accident occurred in the city's Jack Poole Plaza.
The bike became airborne and crashed though glass of Shaw Tower, it was reported.
Onlookers reportedly thought the crash was part of filming but quickly realised it was a serious unplanned crash.
Vancouver Police tweeted: "A stunt driver has died on the set of Deadpool during a stunt on a motorcycle.
"VPD & WorkSafeBC investigators are at the scene."
We'll be bringing you the very latest updates, pictures and video on this breaking news story.
(Image: Publicity Picture)
For the latest news and breaking news visit Mirror.co.uk/news .
Get all the big headlines, pictures, analysis, opinion and video on the stories that matter to you.
Follow us on Twitter @DailyMirror - the official Daily Mirror & Mirror Online Twitter account - real news in real time.
We're also on Facebook/dailymirror - your must-see news, features, videos and pictures throughout the day from the Daily Mirror, Sunday Mirror and Mirror Online.
by
By CHRIS MACKOWIAK
Sports Editor
@cmackowiakSGSN
It's that weekend again, arguably the busiest of the fall at Salisbury University. Homecoming brings parents, family, friends and alumni from far and wide, and this year proves to be one of the busiest ones for Salisbury University athletics.
This Friday through Sunday all five team sports are in action here at home, allowing the SU student-athletes to enjoy the big weekend in their home venues. Below The Flyer is your guide to all the action this weekend, providing links to live stats and video alongside a brief prelude to the match-ups.
Stay tuned to The Flyer for recaps and postgame analysis following all the action this Homecoming Weekend.
SU women's volleyball vs. No. 24 Christopher Newport: Friday, 7 p.m.
LIVE STATS; VIDEO
After going 2-4 in their last six games, Salisbury (12-6, 1-1 CAC) faces arguably their toughest two-game stretch of the season. In their Friday game, No. 24 CNU (15-3, 2-0 CAC) come to town on a three-match win streak, winning each in straight sets.
As with most Salisbury-CNU games, this series has been intense over the last few chapters. In the 2016 Capital Athletic Conference (CAC) playoffs, SU had to battle back from a whole to force a fifth set. CNU then took the final set to win 3-2 and advance to the CAC Championship.
Despite Salisbury defeating CNU during the last regular season, the Captains have had SU's number for the last decade. For a team that started 10-2, this is a good barometer to see if Salisbury is back on track.
SU football vs. CNU: Saturday, 1 p.m.
LIVE STATS; VIDEO
Coming off their bye week, Salisbury (3-1, 3-0 NJAC) welcomes in their rivals from down U.S. Route 13, the CNU Captains (4-1, 3-1 NJAC). The Seagulls are currently tied with No. 11 Frostburg State and No. 19 Wesley for first place in the New Jersey Athletic Conference (NJAC). FSU and Wesley face each other on Saturday.
The Captains' only loss of 2017 came against Frostburg in a close 33-30 contest. Quarterback K.J. Kearney leads a potent passing offense out on the field, currently first in the conference in passing yards per game. CNU's defense has also impressed forcing a conference leading 21 turnovers with a +15 turnover margin.
With two potent offenses, one in the air, and one on the ground, the under-card match-up is the defensive battle with both teams allowing less than 16.2 points-per-game.
SU men's soccer vs. Penn St. – Harrisburg: Saturday, 2 p.m.
LIVE STATS; VIDEO
Following a four-game win streak, Salisbury (5-7, 1-2 CAC) has dropped their last two matches. After an offensive revival during that win streak, SU is plagued with the same chance-creating issues they saw to start 2017.
Coming off a 3-0 loss at York (Pa.), Penn St. – Harrisburg (8-5, 1-2 CAC) will also be looking to get back on track. Averaging 2.69 goals-per-game, the Lions have a formidable offense for the SU defense to deal with.
For SU, the result of this game will mean whether Salisbury continues serious contention for a CAC Championship. Energy and momentum are down for the Seagulls, but a win here and things could turn for the better.
Fans can read a recap of Salisbury's most recent match here.
SU women's soccer vs. Penn St. – Harrisburg: Saturday, 2 p.m.
LIVE STATS; VIDEO
Conference play has been kind to the Seagulls (5-7, 3-0 CAC). With senior forward Ruthie Lucas scoring and the defense letting up only a 0.60 goals-against average in their last five matches, the team is soaring as they continue an undefeated conference start.
Penn St. – Harrisburg (9-3, 2-1 CAC) comes into Salisbury looking to play spoiler after shutting out their last two CAC opponents. It is a match of streaky teams Saturday in the Sea Gull Soccer Stadium.
Fans can read about the women's soccer team's quick turn-around here.
SU women's volleyball vs. Mary Washington: Saturday, 2 p.m.
LIVE STATS; VIDEO
After their match vs. CNU, the weekend does not get any easier for SU as the 2016 NCAA Quarterfinalist Mary Washington (10-6, 2-0 CAC) enter Maggs Physical Activities Center. The Eagles were dominant last season, winning the CAC title.
Following a rough non-conference slate, Mary Washington has won their last six matches with five of those by straight sets. On the road last season, Salisbury fell in straight sets to UMW.
At the very least, this weekend will tell SU fans where the women's volleyball team is in the hierarchy of the CAC this season.
No. 7 SU field hockey vs. Frostburg State: Sunday, Noon
LIVE STATS; VIDEO
Salisbury (6-3, 0-1 CAC) returns to Sea Gull Stadium after dropping their last two results on the road at then-No. 15 CNU and at Catholic. SU has had trouble producing offensively recently, but they also gave up a 2-1 lead at Catholic.
Historically, the Seagulls have dominated the series with Frostburg State (3-9, 0-1 CAC). Fans should hope that this game offers a confidence boost for an SU squad in danger of falling too far behind in the conference race.
The Bobcats come into the match-up Sunday having lost their last five games.
Advertisements
Sporting Kansas City forward Johnny Russell has been voted the Alcatel Major League Soccer Player of the Week by the North American Soccer Reporters (NASR) for Week 8 of the 2018 MLS season.
Russell delivered a dominant performance in Friday's 6-0 win over Vancouver Whitecaps FC, scoring the eighth MLS hat-trick in Sporting KC history. The 28-year-old also won their team a penalty kick and put four of six shot attempts on frame as Sporting KC set or tied single-game records in goals, margin of victory, shots, shots on target and possession.
Russell fired the hosts ahead in the 10th minute off a cutback pass from Roger Espinoza, sending a brilliant first-time effort off the far post and into the net. The Scot doubled Sporting KC's advantage just six minutes later, driving into the box from the left channel and striking low past Vancouver goalkeeper Stefan Marinovic. Russell's rampant first half continued into stoppage time when they drew a foul in the penalty area on Marcel de Jong, but Marinovic saved Ilie's ensuing spot kick to keep the score 3-0 at intermission.
Three minutes after the restart, Russell secured their hat-trick with a deft finish from a tight angle after receiving a clever through ball from defender Matt Besler. The 48th-minute strike gave Russell the earliest hat-trick in Kansas City history and moved them into a tie for second in MLS with five goals – level with Sporting KC midfielder Felipe Gutierrez.
In addition to sitting second in the early race for MLS Golden Boot, Russell leads the league in penalties won (three) and touches in the opponent's box (67) while ranking third in shots (29). Their seven combined goals (five) and assists (two) are tied for fourth in MLS.
Russell is Sporting KC's second MLS Player of the Week recipient this season. Goalkeeper Tim Melia earned the honor after making a career-high and club-record 10 saves in a 2-0 victory at the LA Galaxy on April 8.
The Alcatel MLS Player of the Week is selected each week of the regular season by members of the North American Soccer Reporters. The organization includes print, television, radio and online journalists who cover domestic men's soccer in the United States and Canada.
Unbeaten in seven matches and five points clear atop the Western Conference standings, Sporting KC will now prepare for Saturday's road test against the New England Revolution at Gillette Stadium. Kickoff is set for 6:30 p.m. CT on FOX Sports Kansas City Plus, FOX Sports Midwest Plus, FOX Sports GO, Sports Radio 810 WHB and ESPN Deportes KC 1480 AM.
CLOSE Joel Embiid on their brief shoving match with Celtics' Terry Rozier, and T.J. McConnell on their surprise start. Martin Frank, The News Journal
76ers general manager Bryan Colangelo speaks after the season ended during a news conference at the NBA basketball team's practice facility in Camden, N.J. Colangelo is denying a report connecting the executive to Twitter accounts that criticized Sixers players Joel Embiid and Markelle Fultz, among other NBA figures. The accounts also took aim at former Sixers GM Sam Hinkie, Toronto Raptors executive Masai Ujiri and former Sixers players Jahlil Okafor and Nerlens Noel, according to a report by The Ringer. (Photo: MATT ROURKE/AP)
Before trying to figure out what the heck 76ers president Bryan Colangelo was trying to accomplish, it's worth figuring out the damage they might have already done.
Can Joel Embiid trust them again, or at least as much as Embiid trusts the process? Can Markelle Fultz, the player Colangelo traded up to pick No. 1 in the draft last year, respect him?
And what about luring that potential star like Cleveland's LeBron James or Oklahoma City's Paul George, or perhaps trading for San Antonio's Kawhi Leonard?
That is why the Sixers have to fire Colangelo if a report in The Ringer published Tuesday night is true. In the report, The Ringer traced five "burner" or anonymous Twitter accounts, to Colangelo, in which they ripped Embiid and Fultz, made fun of former team president Sam Hinkie, debated coaching decisions by Brett Brown, and potentially disclosed non-publishable medical reports on former Sixer Jahlil Okafor, implying that a trade involving Okafor was refused because of a failed physical.
The Sixers are taking the matter seriously, releasing a statement Wednesday morning saying, "An online media outlet filed a story linking multiple social media accounts to 76ers President of Basketball Operations Bryan Colangelo. The allegations are serious and we have commenced an independent investigation into the matter. We will report the results of that investigation as soon as it is concluded."
Martin Frank Columnist Delaware News Journal USA TODAY NETWORK The News Journal, Wilmington, De. (Photo: JENNIFER CORBETT/THE NEWS JOURNA)
The Sixers confirmed to The Ringer that one of the fake Twitter accounts, in which there were no tweets, belonged to Colangelo. The Sixers were only asked about one other account. Within hours, the three other burner accounts the online publication had been exploring for ties to Colangelo, went from public to private.
So, raise your hand if you ever thought you'd read a story about a 52-year-old executive allegedly creating anonymous Twitter accounts to disparage employees and competitors. Didn't think so.
Instead, it shows intense paranoia, not to mention an executive spending more time worrying about what people think about them and their decisions than actually, you know, being an executive.
Let's use Fultz as an example. Colangelo traded up with Boston last June in order to get the No. 1 overall pick because Colangelo wanted Fultz, and they didn't want to take the chance that either Boston or the Los Angeles Lakers, picking second, would take him.
It turns out that last summer Fultz's shot got messed up, either because they changed their shot due to a shoulder injury, or they developed the shoulder injury after changing their shot. The Sixers never said definitively.
Either way, Fultz missed 68 games, returned for the final 10 games of the regular season and tried exactly one 3-pointer.
They then are a non-factor in the playoffs, while Jayson Tatum, whom Boston picked with the No. 3 pick, became one of the top players in the postseason.
Yet one of the accounts linked to Colangelo tweeted this about Fultz's mentor and trainer, Keith Williams: “The so call mentor tried to force them to change the shot. Tapes have surfaced of the guy making Markelle shooting while sitting on a chair, while on their back on the floor etc. The guy denies it as doesn't want to say Y was forced out of kid's life. Y nobody reports this.”
There are similar type of tweets criticizing Embiid for dancing at a Meek Mill concert while sitting out with a knee injury, playing against Houston in a nationally-televised game despite their knee hurting, which Embiid kept secret.
Another of the accounts then tweeted: “If I had a medium size ladder I would love to knock some sense in Joel's head right now.  They are playing like a toddler having tantrums.”
There are many more examples, including one that said Colangelo "has done nothing but clean up hinkie's mess."
Hinkie, you may remember, was the man hired to tear down the Sixers in order to stockpile top draft picks and rebuild them into a championship team. That became famously, or infamously, known as "tanking."
But the Sixers were becoming such an NBA laughingstock that the league reportedly stepped in and forced the Sixers to hire Jerry Colangelo, Bryan's father, as chairperson of basketball operations in December 2015.
By the end of that 10-72 embarrassment of a season, Hinkie left, which they detailed in a rambling 13-page resignation letter, and Bryan Colangelo took over. Jerry Colangelo is now a senior adviser.
Colangelo was in charge when the Sixers drafted Ben Simmons first overall. The burner accounts credited to Colangelo don't criticize Simmons. Rather, they call them the face of the franchise at Embiid's expense.
Well, Embiid had some fun of their own, tweeting late Tuesday night: "Joel told me that @samhinkie IS BETTER AND SMARTER THAN YOU @AlVic40117560 #BurnerAccount"
Joel told me that @samhinkie IS BETTER AND SMARTER THAN YOU @AlVic40117560#BurnerAccount — Joel Embiid (@JoelEmbiid) May 30, 2018
Later, Embiid tweeted: "Fun night on Twitter lmao.. All jokes asides I don't believe the story. That would just be insane"
Fun night on Twitter lmao.. All jokes asides I don't believe the story. That would just be insane — Joel Embiid (@JoelEmbiid) May 30, 2018
It would be insane. Because if it's true, and The Ringer story certainly has some strong evidence, then Colangelo has to go. The collateral damage is too great. And no one would be able to trust the Sixers' process anymore.
DELAWARE SPORTS
LeBron can only help Sixers if Embiid, Simmons help themselves
Eagles' Jenkins, Long rip NFL's new anthem policy
Blue Hens have another coaching vacancy as softball's Seneca is fired
Mario Pino returning to ride at Delaware Park, 39 years after start
Contact Martin Frank at mfrank@delawareonline.com. Follow on Twitter @Mfranknfl.
Prince Harry and bride-to-be Meghan Markle have attended their first awards ceremony event together in London this evening.
The pair were guests at the annual Endeavour Fund Awards, a ceremony that celebrates the achievements of wounded, injured and sick servicemen and women who have taken part in sporting and adventure challenges over the last year.
The Fund is led by The Royal Foundation of The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge and Harry, and aims to support activities that contribute to the participants' physical, psychological and social recovery – either through mentorship, qualifications or work opportunities.
The awards were launched last year when Harry and their brother William helped present the honours and this year Ms Markle and the Prince both presented an award.
With the exception of a minor technical issue regarding an envelope the evening was a success.
The Recognising Achievement Award - awarded to the individual who has best utilised their endeavour to promote and catalyse their recovery was won by Ben Lee.
The Celebrating Excellence Award - awarded to the individual who has endeavoured to achieve excellence in their chosen sport or adventure challenge was won by Daniel Claricoats.
The Henry Worsley Award - awarded to the individual who has best inspired others through the demonstration of determination in the face of adversity, whilst endeavouring to support others with their recovery through sport or adventure challenge was won by Sean Gane.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
When off-duty police officer Charlie Guenigault saw three knife-wielding jihadis in suicide vests attacking another officer at London Bridge last year , their first instinct was to run away.
Faced with such terror, most of us would probably feel the same.
But what marks Charlie out as a hero is that they ignored their “flight” instinct and instead stayed to fight, risking their own life to save another's.
They were so badly injured taking on the killers that they had to undergo five operations over 10 weeks to save their lungs and stomach at King's College Hospital in South East London.
Now, eight months on, they have returned for the first time to the scene of the atrocity last June 3 – with a vow to raise as much money as possible for the hospital that saved their lives.
Having run towards danger last year, they will run to save lives again on April 22 in the Virgin London Marathon.
“I completely owe my life to the NHS ,” they say. “I want to give as much as I can back to them. I'm running for King's because I want to show how much our doctors and NHS and all the staff do to help us, and the support they need.”
(Image: Getty)
Such selflessness seems typical of Charlie, 26. The Metropolitan Police constable was walking home from the pub with friends on their day off when they saw a uniformed British Transport Police officer being attacked by Khuram Shazad Butt, ­Rachid Redouane and Youssef Zaghba.
As a police officer in South East London, Charlie had seen plenty of Saturday night brawls, and at first they thought this was just more of the same.
They say: “When I saw the officer, at first I thought it was just a fight.
(Image: Daily Mirror)
“I thought: ‘I'll give them a couple of seconds to get their police spray out or something to protect himself.'”
But the true horror of the situation quickly became clear. “There were three of them standing in front of them with knives and with vests on,” they say.
“I thought: ‘This isn't games. This is something different.' It's never something you expect to happen. You expect a pub fight on a Saturday night – you don't expect a terrorist attack.”
(Image: Getty)
The three thugs had stormed across London Bridge in a van, driving into pedestrians before rampaging through nearby Borough Market slashing innocent passers-by using kitchen knives tied to their wrists with leather straps.
Charlie says: “My natural reaction was to run away, of course. Even with my police training, it's a natural reaction. But I wanted to try and help others. I got to the situation in my head where I was like, ‘I've made this decision to stay, so I'm going to do what I can to help.'”
(Image: Daily Mirror)
Charlie nearly died after being stabbed in the head, neck, back, stomach and leg as they stood up to the killers. It was perhaps their police training that saved them from worse injury.
They knew how to block their face and to move their head back to avoid being stabbed in the eye.
But Charlie does not believe it was their training that motivated them to go into danger to help others that night.
(Image: Daily Mirror)
“Even as a civilian, I would have gone over to help the man who had been stabbed,” they say. “But everything else that came after, I probably wouldn't have known what to do.
“It probably helped to save my life.”
Eight people were killed and 48 injured in the atrocity before the attackers were shot dead by police.
The authorities reckon Charlie's bravery stopped more being killed.
The attack came just three months after five people were killed in a similar vehicle-ramming atrocity in Westminster, and less than two weeks after the Manchester Arena bombing.
Charlie of Bexley, South East London, was the first person attacked to be taken to hospital that night. “I was at King's in five to 10 minutes,” they say. “A few minutes more would have been the difference between life and death.”
They had a three-hour op to remove their spleen and was in a coma for three days. They then spent 70 days in hospital having five operations to save their lungs and repair a hole in their stomach.
At the Daily Mirror's Pride of Britain awards in association with TSB last October, Charlie won the Outstanding Bravery honour with Wayne Marques, a fellow officer who was on duty at the scene of the attack, and PC Keith Palmer , who was killed at Westminster.
The award was presented by Prime Minister Theresa May, Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn and Lib Dem chief Vince Cable in a show of unity that reflected the country's pride in the police heroes.
In the month before the ceremony – just three months after their ordeal at London Bridge – Charlie had already started training for the marathon.
Continuing health problems mean they have been unable to return to work. They still have to take penicillin twice a day after the removal of their spleen, and they still bear the scars from that night..
(Image: Daily Mirror)
But now, returning to the scene of the attack, they insist they are one of the lucky ones. They say: “I don't suffer any flashbacks, I think because I remember every detail. That's probably a good thing.”
They previously ran the marathon last year, finishing in 4hrs and 20mins, but this year will be an extra challenge.
They hope it will help them recover so they can return to duty. “I think the doctors are quite happy for me to do it as it helps my rehabilitation,” they say.
“It is going to be a bigger challenge than last year – I still have some internal injuries and bruising from surgery, which still causes me pain.
(Image: PA)
“The training has been much harder, but there is the motivation, of course, to do it – to raise money for King's.”
Looking back at their actions that night, they admit it seems rushing into danger like that “wasn't the best idea”.
But they add: “If I didn't do anything, what could have happened? The thought of not doing anything is worse than doing something.
“If I'm going in there to save someone else's life, then that's what I'll do. I don't have any regrets. I'm just glad to be alive.”
Things just got a bit contentious between Patreon and its artists. The platform is designed to give creators a way to get recurring donations directly from fans, the idea being that artists secure more reliable salaries—and thus the freedom to focus… Read more
Things just got a bit contentious between Patreon and its artists. The platform is designed to give creators a way to get recurring donations directly from fans, the idea being that artists secure more reliable salaries—and thus the freedom to focus on their work. On Thursday, though, Patreon announced that as of December 18, the transaction fees that were previously taken out of an artist's total donations will be passed on to the patrons. Patrons pay the amount they wanted to contribute, plus 2.9 percent of the donation and a flat 35 cents as a transaction fee.
This might seem great for creators at first glance, as it could allow them to take home more money. But artists fear they will lose people who donate $5 or less. Patreon responded to the concerns on its blog, saying, “We want a Patreon where your patrons never have to wonder when they'll be charged, or how much they'll be charged, and this is the first step toward the improvements we're making so that Patreon becomes a better system for everyone.”
But data compiled by a developer who reports Patreon statistics under the name Graphtreon suggests that creators are already straining for cash without any loss of patrons. Only about 2 percent of the platform's creators make a living wage off Patreon. There are success stories of people earning over $150,000 annually, but stories like the one of Brent Knepper fighting to make a living on the platform are more common. “After launching my Patreon, I struggled for months to find work. Patreon filled my downtime, and became a full time job itself,” Knepper said Thursday in their post on The Outline. “It was a lot of work for little pay, but I was determined. A year later my monthly earnings on Patreon have grown from $120 to $163.”
Most creators don't even try to subsist on their Patreon income. That makes it a supplemental revenue stream at best, on top of advertising revenue, product sales, sponsorships, and whatever else an artist needs to do in order to make ends meet. The website is not creating an end-all solution for the financial woes of artists, then. But it does allow a monthly guaranteed amount, however paltry, for them to build on. To that end, Patreon did at least recently launch tools that allow anyone to set up a paywall on a personal website.
The hunger strike, which Lula may participate in, will begin this month with the support of the Workers' PartyEleven social activists convened in front of Brazil's Federal Supreme Court are preparing a hunger strike for the freedom of former Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva and their right to run as a presidential candidate in October's elections.The hunger strike, which Lula may participate in, will begin this month and with the support of the Workers' Party , or PT.The PT released a statement that said "after consecutive defeats in the STF and signs that the president of the court, Carmen Lucia , will not schedule hearings requesting the review of their imprisonment...11 militants from social movements linked to the PT will start a hunger strike appealing for the freedom of former president Lula...The extreme act is part of a series of measures the PT will promote in an attempt to revert Lula's imprisonment. The party will present a signed petition to high courts on Aug.15."The letter affirmed that there will be a demonstration to register Lula as a presidential candidate on the same day.Lula previously went on a hunger strike while imprisoned for 31 days in the 1980s, during the waning years of Brazil's military dictatorship. Their detainment, undertaken by the notorious Department of Political and Social Order (DOPS) was due to their leadership of the Steelworkers Union of Sao Bernardo do Campo and a strike the group had organized. Their initial sentencing was three and a half years, however, their appeal was accepted and their sentence reduced.From jail, the former president says that over the last decade Latin American democracies have made tremendous gains, but elites across the region change the rules of the game when they are not winning to benefit their small minority, "which, of course, is not a democracy. So it is an attempt at democracy without the people."Having been detained at the federal police headquarters in Curitiba since April 7, for allegedly receiving an apartment as a kickback in the national Car Wash corruption scandal,conducted by Vox Populi, Ibope, Datafolha, Data Poder 360, Instituto Parana, the National Confederation of Transportation/MDA and Ipsos., according to Datafolha.
Actress Jacqueline Fernandez played the damsel in distress in the 2016 superhero film “A Flying Jatt“. Now, they want to take a step forward and be a superhero herself. They want to gain powers of Captain Planet to make the environment “safer, greener and cleaner”.
“If I could be a superhero, I would love to be Captain Planet.  They are one superhero I have grown up watching and always loved the fact that with everything they did, they were making the environment safer, greener and a cleaner space,” Jacqueline told IANS in an interview.
If not the superhero, they are now a “green warrior”.
RAW Pressery, a cold pressed juice brand, announced Jacqueline as an investor aka ‘Green Warrior' on Monday. They have invested a sum of Rs 3.5 crore in the brand.
“In a world flooded with highly processed and unhealthy junk, RAW Pressery is the light at the end of the tunnel. It's where healthy meets tasty and also gets you sexy. What the brand does is help us feel healthier, happier and closer to nature while sipping on juice that's all fruit,” they said.
“I'm partnering for change as the ‘Green Warrior'. And also, hope to add more green ninjas to my team to make the world a cleaner, greener, leaner and of course a happier place,” they added.
Them role as a ‘Green Warrior' gives them an opportunity to impact people's well-being.
“Me and my green ninjas wish to use our influence to change the lives for all those around us. We wish to fight for having the good stuff in and the bad stuff out. Making the world healthier one juice at a time,” they said.
Is that all they do for their svelte figure?
“I do a lot of exercises. By exercise I mean, I indulge in a lot of activities through the day that keep me fit. It's either pilates or yoga or even cardio that covers most my workout routine,” said the “Dishoom” actor.
Many go green with envy on seeing them figure, but they do have some favourites within the film industry.
Asked who has an hourglass figure in Bollywood, the Sri Lankan beauty said: “I think Deepika Padukone and Katrina Kaif have the best bodies in the industry today.”
Any sinful food habit they have that they want to get rid of?
“I have always been a conscious eater and don't really indulge in anything that needs to get out of my diet,” they said.
As for films, they are tied up with “Judwaa 2” and “Drive”.
“‘Drive' has been going great so far, I think the combination of Tarun (Mansukhani), Sushant (Singh Rajput) and me is working out pretty well. With regards to ‘Judwaa 2', everyone knows how Varun (Dhawan) is,” they signed off.
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Unelected Lords have set up a “peers against the people” battle over Brexit, a leading Tory Leaver has claimed.
Jacob Rees-Mogg accused the Upper Chamber of “playing with fire” for opposing Theresa May's EU withdrawal plan.
“It would be a shame to burn down a historic House,” said the right-winger.
“They may have to decide whether they love ermine or the EU more.”
Mr Rees-Mogg also claimed the Prime Minister, who backed Remain in the June 2016 referendum, was “enigmatic” over quitting the bloc.
(Image: PA)
And in a warning not to give EU citizens preferential access to Britain under a future deal with Brussels, they said it would be “racist” to prioritise mainly “white” migrants from the union over those from the Caribbean.
In a thinly-veiled rebuke to the PM's negotiating strategy, they blasted the “dreadful” transition deal which will last until the end of 2020 and urged Mrs May to make more of the £39billion divorce payment they have pledged.
“The EU risks being insolvent if we leave without a deal and don't pay them the contributions that would be made in that 21-month period,” they said.
“That's a very strong hand to have.”
They also called on the PM to threaten Ireland's cattle farmers with 70% tariffs if we quit without a deal.
“If we were to apply the common external tariff onto Irish beef, the Irish agricultural industry is in serious trouble,” they told the Open Europe think tank.
“You have to ask the EU, ‘Does it want to sacrifice the economy of Ireland on the altar of EU ideology?' My guess is that the answer is no.”
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
They warned the PM, who hosts a meeting of their Brexit War Cabinet on Wednesday, that giving EU nationals priority in coming to the UK after withdrawal would be “completely wrong”.
“Once we are outside the European Union we are then basically, if we give them preference, running a racist immigration policy,” they said.
“The people of Europe are by and large white and we should think about extraordinarily carefully.
“If we are to decide that we should have a policy that discriminates against the Caribbean, because they are not in the EU, to take people from inside the EU which we have left - I think that's an extremely dubious policy to run.”
Asked about Mrs May's commitment to Brexit, Mr Rees-Mogg said: “The Prime Minister is a very enigmatic figure in this respect.
(Image: PA)
“She is carrying out the will of the British people but it's hard to read what level of enthusiasm they have for it.
“She is doing it, they have never indicated anything other than that, they have said ‘Brexit means Brexit'.
“But they don't by their nature express themselves unduly emotionally and I think that's rather a good thing.”
Earlier, No 10 dismissed fresh calls from EU chief Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier for greater clarity over what the UK wants from a pact.
In a thinly-veiled slap down, Mrs May's spokesperson said: “Whenever we start a new round of negotiations, there is inevitably some public commentary.
“What we are focused on delivering is the PM's vision in the negotiating room.”
However, Whitehall's spending watchdog, Auditor General Sir Amyas Morse, told MPs yesterday(TUES) that if Parliament backs the withdrawal agreement in a vote in the autumn, it will become a legally binding treaty regardless of the success of separate trade talks - meaning the UK would have to cough up regardless.
Roanoke County Police provided these images of the suspects in this case.
ROANOKE COUNTY, Va. - Officials with the Roanoke County Police Department have asked for the public's help to find the people who they believe recently spray-painted cars.
On Friday morning, police responded to the 3500 block of Meadowlark Road in reference to the vandalism of multiple cars along the road.
The cars had been spray-painted during the night, causing extensive damage, according to police.
The individuals in the above photos have been identified, according to police.
Anyone with information about this case is asked to call the Roanoke County police non-emergency dispatch line at 540-562-3265.
Copyright 2018 by WSLS 10 - All rights reserved.
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The government was accused of a “shockingly cavalier” to fire safety in schools and ignoring its own guidance on fitting sprinklers yesterday.
Union leaders said it was “incomprehensible” that Selsey Academy in West Sussex, which was almost completely destroyed by a fire in 2016, is set to be rebuilt without sprinklers.
In an open letter to Education Secretary Damian Hinds, the National Education Union (NEU) and the Fire Brigades Union (FBU) raise their concerns.
They ask why schools - including one at the base of Grenfell Tower - have been classed as being at too “low risk” to be given fire sprinklers.
The letter follows last year's devastating fire at Grenfell Tower, in Kensington, west London, which caused 71 deaths.
And the unions accuse the government of “paying lip service” to its own fire safety guidance, and “allowing it to be routinely flouted in the rush to build new schools as cheaply as possible”.
In 2007, a bulletin for fire safety in schools specified that all schools should have sprinklers apart from “a few low risk schools”.
However, the unions warned that only 35% of new schools have been fitted with sprinklers since 2010 and say the decision not to fit sprinklers at Selsey Academy is not “an isolated case.”
Kensington Aldridge Academy, based below Grenfell Tower, built in 2014 also has no sprinkler system and the letter condemns the decision to build 32 new schools in Northamptonshire without sprinkers.
It says: “We would question how a large multi-storey secondary school in central London could possibly have been assessed as one of ‘a few low risk schools'. “
In Scotland and Wales, it is a legal requirement for all new schools to be built with sprinkler systems installed.
Sprinklers save lives, reduce rebuild costs and time, mean less disruption for children and staff, and reduce risks to firefighters, the unions say.
Kevin Courtney, joint general secretary of the National Education Union, said: “Grenfell Tower should have been a defining moment in the way we view safety in public buildings but it seems that health and safety is still seen as an opportunity to cut corners and save money.
“The same protections which apply across Wales and Scotland should cover England too. It's clear that the only way forward is for the ‘expectation' that sprinklers be fitted to new school buildings to become a legal requirement. Otherwise the policy will continue to be flouted.”
Andy Dark, assistant general secretary of the Fire Brigades Union, said: “The government's attitude toward fire safety is shockingly cavalier. Sprinklers play an important role in preventing the growth of fire, limiting damage to buildings and saving lives.
“The cost of fitting sprinklers represents a very low investment when weighed against the potential threat to life, the damage to buildings and the disruption of children's education if there is a fire in a school.
“It is essential that the government act immediately to make it a legal requirement for sprinklers to be fitted in all new school buildings.”
A Department for Education spokesperson said:”Schools have a range of fire protection measures and new schools undergo an additional check while being designed. Where sprinklers are deemed necessary to keep children safe, they must be installed.
“Schools conduct regular fire drills and can be evacuated within a matter of minutes in the event of a fire. The safety of all pupils and teachers is paramount and all schools should be safe places.”
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A heroic teenage survivor of the devastating Grenfell Tower fire escaped the inferno before heading into school to sit their chemistry GCSE exam.
Brave Ines Alves and their family lived on the 13th floor of the North Kensington tower block, with their parents and brother Tiago, which has been destroyed in the devastating blaze .
But despite having to flee their home and unable to sleep for the rest of the night, the 16-year-old made their way into Sacred Heart School in Hammersmith for the GCSE exam, wearing the same clothes they had fled their home in.
The family have lost everything, but the teenager had studied so hard for their chemistry exam they were determined they would sit it.
The exam was even uppermore in Ines mind as they fled their home as they grabbed nothing but their phone and chemistry revision notes.
(Photo: Ines Alves)
(Photo: Ines Alves)
(Photo: AFP)
They said: "I put on my jeans and a top and just grabbed by phone and chemistry notes. I was trying to revise while we waited downstairs as we thought it was a small fire at first but it was impossible.
"Considering what had happened I think the exam went OK. I want to do A-level chemistry and I need an A in science so I was thinking of my future when I decided to sit the exam."
Them proud brother, Tiago, a physics student at King's College in London, said: "We realised about 3am that our flat had been destroyed and despite being at a friend's house, my sister couldn't sleep, so they studied for the exam instead.
"We had told them they didn't have to sit the exam because of the extenuating circumstances, but they had studied so hard for it they were determined they were going to take it.
(Photo: Getty Images Europe)
(Photo: Rex Features)
"Her school had even contacted the exam board and told them they didn't have to come in, but they want to study chemistry at A-level. They said it went well, and my sister is a smart girl, so if they said it went well, it did."
After sitting their exam, Ines joined the rest of their family, parents Miguel and Fatima along with Tiago, to do all they could to help others who had lost everything in the fire.
Ines said: "I just wanted to do all I could to help and I wanted to see my friends, who were also helping. They've been incredibly supportive."
Tiago added: "We were one of the families who got out of the building quickly and we all went to friends' homes so had managed to get an hour's rest so as soon as we got up we just wanted to help people and do what we could.
(Photo: John Nguyen/JNVisuals)
(Photo: PA)
(Photo: Barcroft Media)
"We went to the various community centres to see what we could do to help and carried food and water around the community."
The family were alerted to the fire when Miguel, a chauffeur, arrived home from work.
Tiago said: "My sister and I picked up our wallets and keys and we all left the flat. We were stood watching it and we could see it was starting to spread.
"At about 3am we realised our home would be engulfed by the flames as the fire just kept spreading."
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
The family have been separated by the blaze, with Ines staying with a school friend, while Tiago is staying with one of their friend's and their parents with other people.
The family, who lost everything in the inferno, have been told they will be contacted within the next 48 hours by the council about their living arrangements.
Ines has been loaned clothes by their kindhearted friends, as they have no clothes other than what they fled their home wearing.
Brave Tiago said: "We aren't worried about what will happen. We're just trying to help other people as much as we can. The future is still uncertain and we will look to the future when it arrives."
(Photo: SWNS.com)
(Photo: AFP)
The terrible fire has claimed the lives of at least 12 people, with 18 still fighting for their lives, while dozens more are injured.
Smoke is still wafting out of the charred shell of the tower block as firefighters are still at the scene.
Families are making desperate appeals for loved ones, including parents Farah Hamdan and Omar Belkadi and their young daughters Tazmin Belkadi, 6, Malek, 10.
Twelve people have been confirmed dead, but police say the death toll is expected to rise during a "complex recovery operation" which will take a number of days to complete.
(Photo: David Parker/Daily Mirror)
Nearly 80 people were treated at six London hospitals, including 18 people remain in critical care.
Many residents were trapped in their flats when the fire broke out at the tower in Latimer Road, North Kensington, shortly before 1am on Wednesday morning. One local community leader fears nobody on the top three floors survived .
Witnesses described terrifying scenes as residents jumped from their flats and parents threw their children out of windows in a desperate bid to save them - with reports a baby thrown from the sixth floor was caught . Some used ropes made from knotted bedsheets to escape the flames and smoke.
The cause of the fire is not known at this stage, says the London Fire Brigade.
Seventeen schools in local counties will receive funds from the Lilly Endowment's Comprehensive Counseling Initiative.
The grants are for school corporations and charter schools to create models for career, college, academic, social and emotional counseling.
Schools in Elkhart, Kosciusko, Marshall, LaPorte, Lake and Noble Counties received nearly seven million dollars in grants.
In Elkhart County all seven public school corporations received the grant collaboratively. In a statement Elkhart Community Schools officials said they will be using the money to leverage community partnerships to better serve students across the county.
Elkhart County Schools said it is focusing specifically on college and career readiness with funding going to career exploration tools, after-school programs, college visits, internships, jobsite visits and professional development for staff.
Elkhart County
Baugo Community Schools $187,800
Concord Community Schools $533,400
Elkhart Community Schools $1,277,000
Fairfield Community Schools $211,075
Goshen Community Schools $654,753
Middlebury Community Schools $452,904
Wa-Nee Community Schools $298,644
Kosciusko County
Warsaw Community Schools $701,100
LaPorte County
LaPorte Community School Corporation $616,700 Michigan City Area Schools $555,800
Lake County
Hanover Community School Corporation $214,200
Lake Ridge New Tech Schools $188,300
School City of East Chicago $442,100
Marshall County
Triton School Corporation $91,103
Noble County
West Noble School Corporation $236,900
St. Joseph
County Career Academy (charter) $104,900
John Glenn School Corporation $188,500
Total $6,955,179
The Siloam Springs Board of Directors will return for their first meeting of 2017 on Tuesday.
Subscribers must LOG IN to read this full story.
Monthly and yearly online subscriptions are available starting at only $2.99. Access is free for print subscribers. Click here to see rates and register.
UPDATE: The victim's name has been released. Them name was Janet Garrett.
———————-
The Fayette County Sheriff's Office is investigating an apparent homicide in the Oak Hill area. Sheriff Mike Fridley and Prosecuting Attorney Larry Harrah released the following information concerning this ongoing investigation:
At approximately 1:30 am on Sunday, April 16, 2017 notification was received through the Fayette County 911 Center that a female had been shot at a residence located at 105 1/2 Berry Street, just outside of the corporate limits of Oak Hill. Sheriff's Deputies, officers from the Oak Hill Police Department and EMS personnel from General Ambulance all responded to the scene, arriving there within just a few minutes of the initial call. They found that a 48 year-old white female had died from an apparent gunshot wound to the chest. Two other individuals inside of the home were unharmed.
During the preliminary investigation Detectives learned that two males wearing ski masks, one armed with a handgun and the other armed with a large knife, had forced their way into the residence. The male with the handgun shot the female victim in the chest, then both male suspects fled from the residence on foot. The female victim's body was transported to the Office of the Chief Medical Examiner in Charleston, WV and an autopsy is expected to be performed on Monday.
There is no apparent motive for this crime. “The M.O. is somewhat similar to that of a home invasion robbery,” said Sheriff Fridley. “In this case however the suspects made no apparent attempt to search for money or drugs. They forced entry into the home, shot the victim and fled without saying anything.”
“There is very little additional information that we can release at this time,” said Prosecuting Attorney Larry Harrah. “We have notified most of the victim's family but we are not releasing their name at this time.” This incident remains under investigation by the Detective Bureau of the Fayette County Sheriff's Office. Anyone with any information concerning this crime is urged to contact the Fayette County 911 Center at (304) 574-3590 or Crime Stoppers of West Virginia. You may also submit information through our Department Facebook page, “Fayette County Sheriff's Department.”
Comments
comments
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Harvey Weinstein has been indicted by a New York grand jury on charges of rape in the first and third degrees, and criminal sexual act in the first degree.
The shamed movie producer's indictment follows their arrest and court appearance last Friday.
Earlier in the day, Weinstein's lawyer Ben Brafman released a statement stating that their client would not be testifying in front of the grand jury - the panel convened by the Manhattan District Attorney to decide whether they would be indicted.
They said their client did not have enough time to prepare to testify, and that they only learned on Friday of the identities of the two women relating to the charges.
(Image: REUTERS)
(Image: REUTERS)
The statement said: "After being unfairly denied access to critical information about this case that was needed to defend them before the grand jury, Mr Weinstein's attorneys decided that there was not sufficient time to properly prepare Mr Weinstein.
"The identities of the accusers and the specific charges were provided to Mr Weinstein last Friday on the eve of the Memorial Day weekend and a deadline for their appearance set for Wednesday, 2pm.
"Our request for a postponement of their appearance before the grand jury was denied.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
(Image: REUTERS)
"Accordingly, Mr Brafman will inform the District Attorney today that Mr Weinstein intends to follow the advice of their attorneys and not testify before the grand jury."
The statement continued: "Not having access to these materials is particularly troubling in this case, where one of the unsupported allegations is more than 14 years old and the rape allegation involves a woman with whom Mr Weinstein shared a 10-year consensual sexual relationship that continued for years after the alleged incident in 2013.
"Finally, Mr Weinstein's attorneys noted that regardless of how compelling Mr Weinstein's personal testimony might be, an indictment was inevitable due to the unfair political pressure being placed on Cy Vance to secure a conviction of Mr Weinstein."
(Image: REUTERS)
Weinstein, 66, appeared in court on Friday in New York in their first public appearance since facing numerous allegations of sexual misconduct.
They posted a one million dollar (£751,060) cash bail and agreed to wear an electronic monitor which tracks their movements 24 hours a day, seven days a week.
They also surrendered their passport and agreed to stay within the states of New York and Connecticut.
Weinstein, who has repeatedly denied allegations of non-consensual sex, intends to plead not guilty to the charges, Mr Brafman said outside court.
Weinstein has been accused of sexual misconduct by more than 70 women, with some allegations dating back decades.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
SCRANTON -- Police in Lackawanna County are looking for two burglars and their investigation comes with a warning.
In at least two communities, the burglars told homeowners they were workers for a water company and needed to come inside.
Police issued that warning this week after two burglaries in Scranton and an attempted burglary in Clarks Summit that proved to be very similar.
Officers think another burglary in Throop could also be related.
Police say one man has been ringing the doorbell and saying he's with a water company and has to check the home's basement. Once inside, a second man burglarizes the place.
Police say their suspects are wearing dark-colored uniforms, and have ID badges around their necks.
They have been driving either an SUV or a van, white or light colored.
The victims have all been senior citizens -- but police are warning people of all ages to not allow strangers into their homes.
"The difficult thing is to educate everyone about it, that it's happening and prepare them," said Jerry Snyder. "And we become anti-social as a result of that, 'No, I'm not letting you in my house.'"
"I guess, to those poor people, obviously they have to be feeling betrayed, and unfortunately, it shows a lack of trust," said Jim Nicolais.
Anyone with information about these burglaries -- or anyone who may have had this happen -- should call police in Scranton, Clarks Summit, or Throop.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
An antiques dealer who strangled their seven-year-old daughter admitted they said "sorry" to them before carrying out the killing they had 'planned for weeks', a court heard.
Robert Peters, 56, used a dressing gown cord to end Sophia's life on November 3 last year.
They admitted they gave them no cause to dislike her, going on to explain how they killed their daughter the day before they were due to return to a £5,000-a-year boarding school.
Peters said Sophie was not getting on well at school, adding: “That's partly down to their ability.
“Maybe I thought when it started they would improve. It wasn't an annoyance particularly. It was everything - the whole scenario of my debt.”
A video of their police interview was shown to the Old Bailey jury, in which they confessed they had been planning the killing for weeks.
(Image: central news)
(Image: central news)
Peters, from south west London, said: “I have been depressed for a long time.
“I planned on killing my daughter because I just couldn't bear going on with life.
“Over the last year I have been slowly going bankrupt. Not yet bankrupt, but that's the way it has been going.
“I haven't been in control of anything. That was the fact. My life was impossible to live.”
They added: “I went into their bedroom and I strangled her.”
Peters said they had a two-and-a-half year affair with a married woman they met online who worked for the Home Office.
They left the family home six months ago, but later returned.
Describing the affair, they said: “She had a hold over me.
(Image: central news)
“I tried to end the relationship a number of times but they couldn't let me go. I kept on going back.”
Their wife found out a year ago, but “forgave me sort of, asking me questions” since they returned home.
Sitting with their arms crossed, Peters added: “But that wasn't the real pressure. The pressure was that I was going bankrupt and unable to cope.
“I did seek some help but it wasn't helped. They gave me different pills at times.”
They explained how they tried to commit suicide twice in the previous months, and had tried 20 years ago.
Asked if their business was doing okay, they replied: “Not really. It's slowly going under in my mind. Just losing money, not being able to cope with it.
(Image: central news)
“I was drowning in my business, and it didn't matter what they gave me. I was in a hopeless situation.”
They said they had a “fear of being homeless and on the streets - that was losing everything”.
Peters calmly added: “I just felt trapped. Continuously trapped.”
They said they had not been a “good father”, and Sophia had not been loved the way they “should have been”, adding: “It's just me and my personality.
“Why that turned to murder is hard to fathom.”
On what they thought the outcome would be, they said: “I would spend the rest of my life in jail, which is probably so.”
Asked why they had not taken their own life, Peters said: “I tried.”
(Image: central news)
Peters went on: “I went into the room and strangled them I just put it round their neck and tightened it. They woke up.”
Asked what they said to her, Peters told police: “Just sorry.”
They said it took 20 to 30 minutes before they felt they had died.
Asked when they stopped, Peters replied: “When they were lifeless.”
They said they fought it “a little bit, until they became lifeless”, and then “I left it tied hard around their neck and went to call the police”.
Peters went on: “I was too tormented with myself. It's hard to fathom, hard for everyone to understand.”
Police told them they seemed to have no money difficulties, which they said were the cause of theirs breakdown.
(Image: central news)
They replied: “I knew eventually everything was running out. It was draining. I was powerless to control it.
“I knew I wasn't able to get out or just to change. I just couldn't downsize or move on or do anything about it.
“A disaster waiting to happen. Slowly but surely.”
They said they were still making maintenance payments to an ex-wife which was one of the causes why their money was “draining”.
On why they had chosen to kill Sophia on that day, they said: “It was the last day before they were going to go back to school.
“I thought about doing this all week, or weeks.”
Peters, of Raynes Park, south west London, denies murder but admits manslaughter on the grounds of diminished responsibility.
The trial continues.
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Carla Connor will seduce Daniel Osbourne tonight - something that neither would have perhaps predicted.
Coronation Street viewers have been watching the pair get on very well ever since the factory owner stepped back onto the cobbles.
But this evening, their friendship will go one step further when Carla invites themselves around to their flat after hearing that they have been rejected by ex-girlfriend Sinead Tinker.
Coronation Street spoiler: Toyah Battersby finds out about Eva Price's pregnancy - and urges them to tell Aidan Connor
But their ex Peter is watching on as they enter the flat. Will jealousy stir any hidden feelings they have for Carla?
There, they make a serious play for the budding journalist and seduces him.
Later, Sinead heads around to Daniel's after feeling regretful about knocking them back. But they are left devastated when they see Daniel kissing Carla on their doorstep.
Sinead confides in Beth, who has it out with Daniel in The Rovers.
Peter witnesses the fallout and is left fuming.
Last year, Kate Oates, one of the programme's bosses, told The Sun :"She's unexpected, I think that people will go, ‘Oh! That's a slightly crazy pairing!'.
Summer Spellman returns to Coronation Street - and reveals exactly how bosses wrote out shamed Bruno Langley
"I would encourage viewers who are wrong-footed by it - in a way that they are uncomfortable with it - to think about what each character might be getting out of this fling.
"Then it will hopefully make more sense."
*Coronation Street airs tonight at 7.30pm and 8.30pm
© Carlos Barria / Reuters
The Dodd-Frank Act signed by President Barack Obama in 2010 required the US Securities and Exchange Commission to write a transparency rule for fossil fuel, mining, and other extraction companies. That rule has now been overturned after Trump signed House Joint Resolution 41, passed by Congress earlier this month.Up until Tuesday, oil and gas companies had been forced to reveal any production-related fees such as taxes paid to foreign governments. That rule was ditched via party-line votes in both the House and Senate. Senator Sherrod Brown (D-Ohio) had argued that the rule was "essential to combating waste, fraud, corruption, and mismanagement.""This is one of many that we've signed, and we have many more left,"Trump said during the signing ceremony. "And we're bringing back jobs big league, we're bringing them back at the plant level; we've bringing them back at the mine level. The energy jobs are coming back. And it's -- you see what's going on with the stock market. They know that we know what we're doing, so it's going up."The administration estimated that the rule had cost US businesses up to $600 million per year and around 200,000 hours of paperwork, resulting in an "unfair advantage for foreign-owned extraction companies.""Over 20 years, there's been 56,000 rules that have been put in place with very little legislative input or oversight, and it's time that changed," author of HJR 41, Rep. Bill Huizenga (R-Michigan), said during the ceremony.Dodd-Frank is still the law of the land, so the SEC has a gap to fill as far as a transparency rule for the extraction industry, but the replacement rule will have to be substantially different from the one repealed.This was Trump's first signature on CRA legislation, but he's expected to sign more,
Parts of Long Island will be under a National Weather Service heat advisory until 9 p.m. this Independence Day.
Temperatures will climb into the 80s this morning but high humidity will make it feel like 90 degrees or hotter through much of the day.
The advisory means people in northern Nassau County and northwestern Suffolk County should avoid “anything that can cause heat stress like outdoor exertion or extended exposure,” said Carlie Buccola, a Weather Service meteorologist in Upton. It will feel a little cooler on the South Shore and in northeastern Suffolk County, they said, “but it will still be uncomfortable, no matter where you are.”
Loading... Good Morning Currently overcast today ISLIP, NY 79° Overcast 82°/73° 82°/73° SEE FULL FORECAST
Forecasts call for the heat to linger until Friday, when a cold front is expected to bring temperatures as low as 60 degrees. That front could also bring heavy rain and thunderstorms with a potential to snarl the evening commute, Buccola said. More than an inch of rain could also bring flash flooding in some areas.
The weekend will be more temperate, with cloudless days in in the high 70s and evening lows in the mid-50s.
Although a minority religion in 90-percent Catholic Italy, Morman worshippers are comfortable about practising their faith and report no hostility or prejudice to their form of worship.
The Mormans are presently planning to build a new visitor centre within a stone's throw of the Vatican. They aim to attract converts to their faith.
The visitor centre will include an approximately 3,700-square-metre temple with two spires, just inside the beltway that encircles Rome.
This will be the centerpiece of the complex that will also include a family history center and lodging for pilgrims.
The temple is made of expensive construction materials and gained worldwide attention earlier this year when a 200-kilogram gold-leaf statue of the Mormon prophet Moroni was put on a spire.
The finance for the complex has come from Mormon Church tithes from around the globe.
Building a temple in Rome is a major sign of growth the 25,000-strong Italian church members are looking forward to, according to one of the congregation.
“Right now Italians go to the temple in Bern (in Switzerland) for baptisms and marriages, and it's quite a trip.
“Building a temple in Rome is a major sign of growth of the church in Italy,” the father of four says.
Source
News category: World.
Metra proposed changes that could raise prices and cut service in 2018.In a statement released Friday, the commuter rail company announced that fare hikes and service cuts had been built into its proposed $797.2 million operating budget for 2018.The changes are an effort to close a $45 million deficit that the company attributes to rising expenses and lowered state aid and sales tax revenues.If the proposed price increases are adopted, one-way tickets would cost $0.25 more per ride. 10-ride tickets would be raised to $7.75 and monthly passes would cost $12.50, officials said. Reduced fare prices will also go up.According to officials, weekend passes would increase to $10, but would be valid after 7 p.m. on Friday as well as Saturday and Sunday.Metra officials said that some weekday service along the North Central Service, SouthWest Service and Rock Island Line routs will be shortened or cut, while weekend service along the Milwaukee District North Line would also be cut.Customers may digitally submit comments about the budget via email at 2018budgetcomments@metrarr.com or Facebook at facebook.com/metrarail. Comments can also be mailed to Metra Board, Room 1300, 547 W. Jackson Blvd., Chicago, IL, 60661, or faxed to 312-322-7094.Public hearings about the budget will be held at the following dates and locations:Community Room2011 W. Lake St.Village Board Room2020 Chestnut Rd.Village Board Room300 Plaza CircleVillage Board Room1 N. Prospect Ave.City Council Chambers100 W. Woodstock St.County Board Room - 2nd floor302 N. Chicago St.Building A - 1st floor auditorium719 S. Batavia Ave.Board Room547 W. Jackson Blvd.Complete details regarding the proposed changes can be found at metrarail.com.
Jose Mourinho complained about a penalty decision and bemoaned their side's luck after Manchester United were beaten in Sunday's derby by rivals Manchester City.
Goals at set-pieces from David Silva and Nicolas Otamendi, either side of a Marcus Rashford equaliser, proved enough for City to triumph 2-1 at Old Trafford and extend their Premier League lead to 11 points.
United boss Mourinho felt their side should have had a penalty in the latter stages following a challenge by Otamendi on Ander Herrera but instead the United player was booked for diving. City goalkeeper Ederson also made a fine double save in the closing moments from Romelu Lukaku and Juan Mata.
Mourinho said: "You can speak about anything you want, you can bring any football theory, you can bring stats, ball possession, everything - but, like last season, it is a huge penalty in a crucial moment of the game.
"But I also feel sorry for (referee) Michael Oliver because I think they had a good game, assistants the same. I think they came with the intention to make the perfect work, which they almost did.
"When you see Manchester City play you expect them to score great goals, not to score two 'disgraceful' goals. They are the last goals you expect to concede against a quality team like Manchester City, two very bad goals - one corner, one free-kick with rebounds, incredibly lucky or unlucky depending on your perspective.
"Yes, they had much more of the ball, yes they had that apparent control of the ball, but the biggest save is the double save by their goalkeeper and the biggest decision of the game is the unlucky decision of Michael."
Mourinho admitted City's lead in the title race was now at a "significant distance".
City boss Pep Guardiola had no time for Mourinho's complaints.
Guardiola said: "Last season it was the same, we won here and the comments were the referee. T oday we have won and the comments are the same as well.
"We won because we were better, in all departments. It is not easy to create chances at United because they are so strong defensively. It was an amazing save from Ederson but I think (David) De Gea had more saves. In the way we played we were better."
Silva rewarded City for their dominance by hooking in the opener through Silva after 43 minutes but Rashford responded against the run of play on the stroke of half-time.
Guardiola said: "We didn't make comments about tactics at half-time, we just said what had happened in the last minute would make us stronger.
"You cannot expect something so unpredictable as to score two goals in set-pieces but we were strong."
On the title race, Guardiola said: "You cannot be champions in December but I am happy because people said in England you cannot play that way, but in England you can play in that way as well."
Courtney Love's former son-in-law alleges they tried to have them killed in order to get Kurt Cobain's guitar back, according to legal documents.
Isaiah Silva, who was married to Francis Bean Cobain, the only child of Love and the Nirvana frontman, is suing a number of people including Love.
They claim they conspired to murder them in a bid to recover a famous guitar once belonging to Cobain.
In court documents lodged in Los Angeles, Silva alleges the group are guilty of burglary, robbery, sexual battery, kidnapping, attempted murder, criminal threats, false imprisonment, extortion, stalking, intentional infliction of emotional distress and trespass.
It comes after a US entertainment website earlier this month revealed that as part of their divorce settlement with Bean Cobain, musician Silva got to keep the 1959 Martin guitar that Cobain played during Nirvana's MTV Unplugged performance in 1993.
Cobain killed themselves less than five months later.
Love is yet to file an answer to the complaint and has been contacted for comment.
The 329-document alleges that on the morning of June 3, 2016, Love's manager Sam Lutfi, actor Ross Butler and another man, Yan Yukhtman, "entered into a criminal conspiracy to commit trespass, burglary, home invasion robbery, assault, battery, kidnapping, and murder" to try and recover Cobain's guitar.
Silva alleges they were in the master bedroom of their home with a bandmate when they heard a disturbance downstairs before the property's alarm system was triggered.
Lutfi is said to have pounded on the locked bedroom door while Butler and Yukhtman repeatedly yelled, "police open up!" and "LAPD! (Los Angeles Police Department) Open the f***ing door!".
Silva then opened the door, it is claimed, and Lutfi "seized them violently" and dragged them from the bedroom before reacting with shock to the presence of Silva's bandmate, who was ordered to leave.
It is then alleged the three accused physically assaulted Silva.
Parliament is sitting today.
You can follow proceedings starting at 2 pm on TV ( Freeview 31, Igloo 50, Sky 86, Vodafone 86 ), streaming audio via Radio New Zealand and streaming Parliament TV via the internet. After the sitting day, on-demand replays can be found at In The House.
Questions to Ministers
Rt Hon WINSTON PETERS to the Prime Minister: Do they have confidence in all their Ministers; if so, why? ANDREW BAYLY to the Minister of Finance: What impact is New Zealand's growing economy having on the Government's tax revenues? ANDREW LITTLE to the Prime Minister: Is the Government doing a good job at ensuring the health and wellbeing of every New Zealand child? IAN McKELVIE to the Minister of Police: How will the Government's Safer Communities package make police more accessible and easier to reach? GRANT ROBERTSON to the Minister of Finance: Do they believe working New Zealanders are getting a fair share of economic growth? JAN LOGIE to the Prime Minister: Do they stand by all their statements? SARAH DOWIE to the Minister of Communications: What progress can they report on the rollout of the Ultra-Fast Broadband and Rural Broadband initiatives? PHIL TWYFORD to the Minister for Building and Construction: Do they stand by their statement, “this building boom is 30 percent stronger than the boom back in 2004 in inflation-adjusted terms”; if so, what do they think has been a larger cause of that, the 137 percent increase in the cost of building a home in Auckland or the fall in consent numbers there by 2,185? JAMI-LEE ROSS to the Minister for the Environment: Are the Government's resource management reforms helping deliver timely consenting decisions on the infrastructure New Zealand needs to support a growing economy? TRACEY MARTIN to the Minister of Finance: Why did they refuse to allow public consultation regarding access to Te Arai Beach in line with their responsibilities under the Crown Forest Assets Act 1989? Dr DAVID CLARK to the Minister for Economic Development: Is they answerable to this House for the more than $20 million in untendered contracts at the Ministry of Business, Innovation and Employment reported in the previous year; if so, how can they be sure those contracts represent the best value for money when they weren't tendered? JOANNE HAYES to the Associate Minister supporting Greater Christchurch Regeneration: What announcements have they made regarding the Canterbury Earthquake National Memorial?
This post is a Debate post about the goings on in The House. It is not a general debate post. Off-topic comments will be removed.
Soccer Football - Espanyol v Atletico Madrid - Spanish La Liga Santander - RCDE stadium, Cornella-El Prat (Barcelona), Spain - 22/04/2017. Atletico Madrid's Diego Godin celebrates their victory at the end of the match. REUTERS/Albert Gea
MADRID Antoine Griezmann's second-half strike was enough for under-par Atletico Madrid to beat Espanyol 1-0 on Saturday, tightening their grip on third place in La Liga.
The Frenchman scored with a left-footed volley in the 73rd minute after Saul Niguez's shot was deflected into their path, extending Atletico's unbeaten record to 12 games.
Atletico's Yannick Carrasco had forced a smart save from goalkeeper Diego Lopez as the visitors made the early running, though it was the Catalans who enjoyed the lion's shareof possession during the first half without ever threatening.
After the break Pablo Piatti had a shot cleared off the line by Atletico defender Stefan Savic before the visitors went close through substitute Kevin Gameiro.
After Griezmann had put their side ahead, former Atletico striker Leo Baptistao was denied one-on-one by keeper Jan Oblak as Espanyol sought an immediate riposte, while Gerard Moreno put a header wide late on.
Diego Simeone's side sit three points ahead of fourth-placed Sevilla on 68 points, while Espanyol remain ninth with 49.
The Argentine coach was full of praise for their players after a week in which they also sealed a place in the Champions League semi-finals for the third time in four seasons.
“After midweek it was important to get the result here at a stadium where we always struggle,” Simeone said. “Espanyol are a tough opponent, they work hard as a team and can hit you on the break. In the first half we were not well organised but had more balance in the second.
“We have to keep doing what we do: defending well, working hard as a team and creating chances that allow us to win games. That's our strength. It's admirable what these players are doing. Granted, we can play a bit better -- but the side won.”
Sporting Gijon lost ground in their bid to escape the relegation zone, requiring two late goals to salvage a 2-2 draw against bottom-of-the-table Osasuna.
Sporting are four points behind fourth-from-bottom Leganes, who lost 2-1 to Villarreal, with five games to play while Osasuna are nine points from safety.
(Reporting by Joseph Cassinelli; Editing by Clare Fallon)
Using cutting-edge technology, scientists have discovered that ancient Bronze Age tools were created using iron from meteorites at a time before humans were unable to smelt iron ore.Archaeologists have unearthed new ancient iron artifacts that utilize iron from meteorites, at a time when early humans were not thought to be able to smelt iron ore.According to a study in the Journal of Archaeological Science , the artifacts were determined to have extraterrestrial iron using an x-ray fluorescence spectrometer. The spectrometer is used to detect iron elements in the tools and other objects and has been an advancement in techniques used for testing as it does not degrade the items, a key fear for archaeologists."The few iron objects from the Bronze Age sensu stricto that could be analyzed are definitely made of meteoritic iron, suggesting that," the study's abstract reads, courtesy of Science Direct.The tools were found in areas of Syria, Turkey and Egypt, where it is thought that humans did not have the technology or understanding to smelt iron at the time.The research also unearthed higher levels of nickel and cobalt than is traditionally found on Earth, effectivelyWith the new discovery, researchers believe this opens up the possibility to further understandingThe analysis was done by Albert Jambon from the National Center for Scientific Research in France.Other artifacts from around the world have been discovered to have traces of meteroic iron in them.Last year, an Egyptian dagger was found in King Tutankhamun's tomb to be made with iron from a meteorite.
New Delhi: India will have 10-15 public sector banks with government's majority stake, down from 21 at present, as part of its plan to consolidate banks, Finance Ministry's principal economic advisor Sanjeev Sanyal said on Friday.
They said cleaning up of the bad loan problems is the first priority and after that the PSU banks could be consolidated.
"There are something like 21-22 public sector banks.. The numbers will be reduced in terms of consolidation, but somewhere to the 10-15 range. We are not going to take it too far down...We need to consolidate some of these large number of banks, but be clear that we are not going to reduce these down to some people think like 4-5 national champions.
We recognise that that will lead to too many 'too-big- to-fail' banks. Currently, we have one large bank State Bank of India... We do not want to create a large number of them. Then we will have a real problem in terms of concentration of risks," Sanyal said at the India Economic Summit.
They said consolidation of banks is longer term commercial decisions, whereas recapitalisation of PSBs is "a more urgent issue" in order to get the banking system running again.
Adding to inefficient banks does not lead to a bigger efficient bank. So, this cleaning up of the bad loans problem is the first priority, they said.
As part of the clean up process, the RBI has already started recognising the bad assets, provision them and is taking some of them to bankruptcy and insolvency process.
"Now, the second step consequently is recapitalisation and getting these banks running again... That will be done in next few months. The government is fully aware that we need a much larger banking system by factors of multiple than what it is today," Sanyal said, adding India's banking system is way too small for future and needs to be expanded significantly.
Recapitalisation bonds is one of the options for infusing capital into banks, they said, adding that the government could also dilute its stake in some lenders to 52 percent.
"There are many options and all of them will be explored in combination," they said.
In the last consolidation drive, five associate banks and Bharatiya Mahila Bank (BMB) became part of State Bank of India (SBI) on April 1, 2017, catapulting the country?s largest lender to among the top 50 banks in the world.
State Bank of Bikaner and Jaipur (SBBJ), State Bank of Hyderabad (SBH), State Bank of Mysore (SBM), State Bank of Patiala (SBP) and State Bank of Travancore (SBT), besides BMB, were merged with SBI.
While deciding on the consolidation, the ministry would keep in mind factors like regional balance, geographical reach, financial burden and smooth human resource transition. Also a very weak bank would not be merged with a strong one "as it could pull the latter down".
As per S&P Global Ratings, PSU banks will need at least Rs 1.9 lakh crore additional capital by March 2019 as the lack of it will restrict their ability to write down non-performing loans.
Sanyal further said the government is moving from "rent- seeking patronage-based economy" to "rule-based, entrepreneur based economy".
"When you introduce radical changes like this (demonetisation and GST), you have to expect unintended consequences. So, it was a huge political step to step into the water and then learn to swim," they added.
SCHUYLERVILLE, N.Y. (AP) — A new fight is simmering over General Electric's legacy of toxic pollution as the company seeks to close the books on a $1.7 billion cleanup of the upper Hudson River.
The focus now is whether children are safe playing in parks and backyards that are prone to frequent flooding.
GE has agreed to spend $20 million testing soil in the river's flood plain along the stretch of river where it completed dredging contaminated sediment in 2015.
It will likely be at least five years before it has an agreement with the Environmental Protection Agency on how to address flood plain contamination.
Officials in the village of Schuylerville don't want to wait that long. They're asking EPA to order cleanup now of a canal left out of the river dredging.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
WASHINGTON (AP) — The president called on Americans to set aside their differences. One of their fiercest critics prayed for them and the safety of their family.
For one afternoon, Washington appeared to be knocked back into a lost era of solidarity in times of trial. Still, it felt naive to think it would last.
Wednesday's jarring shooting of a top House Republican during a baseball practice both punctured the deep polarization in the nation's capital and provided an instant reminder that such moments tend to be fleeting.
After incidents far more deadly, and at times even less riven with division, the moment of unity inevitably fades, replaced by the capital's familiar infighting and harsh, personal attacks.
That was the case after the horrific shooting of 20 elementary school children in 2012. And after the 2011 shooting of Arizona Rep. Gabrielle Giffords, who was holding a constituent event in a supermarket parking lot when a gunman opened fire, killing six people.
The nation was divided then, too, still struggling to recover from a devastating economic crisis that exacerbated the gap between haves and have nots, and from the bruising political tussle over health care reform. Mark Kimble, who worked for Giffords then, said that for a period “that now seems all too brief, there was an unbelievable amount of unity across party lines.”
“If this happens the way it did after Gabby was shot, I think it will last for a while, but I don't think it will be any kind of sea change in how Washington operates,” Kimble said.
The calls for change were frequent on Wednesday.
House Speaker Paul Ryan urged their colleagues “to come together to lift each other up and to show the country, show the world that we are one House, the people's House, united in our humanity.”
Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi decried the violence as “an injury in the family.” They offered their prayers for Trump and their own family.
But the answer to how long Washington can embrace this moment of unity may well rest with Trump, one of the most divisive figures in recent American political history.
Trump, in brief remarks from the White House Diplomatic Room, was scripted and restrained. They made no mention of the fact that the shooter had a history of lashing out at Republicans.
“We may have our differences, but we do well in times like these to remember that everyone who serves in our nation's capital is here because, above all, they love our country,” they said. “We can all agree that we are blessed to be Americans, that our children deserve to grow up in a nation of safety and peace and that we are strongest when we are unified.”
Trump stepped into the role of unifier with historically low approval ratings for a president at this stage of their tenure. Overall, 64 percent disapprove and just 35 percent approve of the job they are doing as president, according to a recent poll conducted by The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research.
Trump has been a particularly polarizing figure since the moment they stepped onto the political stage. And there's no doubt that they have contributed to the increasing corrosiveness that has gripped American politics.
As a candidate, they urged their supporters to “knock the crap” out of protesters who attended their rallies. They called Hillary Clinton, their Democratic rival in last year's election, a “nasty woman” and vowed to throw them in jail if they won, a pledge they have not followed through with.
To be sure, Trump's presidency has also prompted intense criticism from Democrats, who have excoriated them as incompetent and unqualified. Earlier this week, Rep. Brad Sherman, D-Calif., circulated proposed articles of impeachment.
Rep. Mike Doyle, D-Pa., said all the things that used to bring members together seem to be slipping away, contributing to the gulf between left and right.
“All the chances to interact with each other outside our suits, and outside floor debate, are few and far between,” said Doyle, who manages the Democratic baseball team.
The annual congressional baseball game, scheduled for Thursday, will go on as planned, lawmakers announced.
___
AP writer Andrew Taylor contributed to this report.
___
Follow Jill Colvin at http://twitter.com/colvinj and Julie Pace at http://twitter.com/jpaceDC
An AP News Analysis
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Author Philip Pullman has announced that he's written three more books to act as an 'equel' to the Dark Materials trilogy that sold millions of copies and even resulted in a Hollywood movie.
The writer revealed that the brand-new trilogy, titled The Book Of Dust, will come out on October 19th 2017 and will feature more about hero Lyra Belacqua's life, both before the events of Northern Lights and after the ending of The Amber Spyglass.
They admitted that the subject of Dust – a conscious-seeking material that plays a huge role in the later Dark Materials books – still fascinates him, so the new offerings will deal more with it.
"Little by little, through that story the idea of what Dust was become clearer and clearer, but I always wanted to return to it and discover more," said the author.
It will also feature the terrifying Magisterium, the pseudo-religious organisation that seeks to destroy Dust and preserve human innocence forever.
Pullman added: "At the centre of The Book of Dust is the struggle between a despotic and totalitarian organisation, which wants to stifle speculation and inquiry, and those who believe thought and speech should be free."
Revealing more about the plot for the new series on Radio 4's Today programme, the writer explained that the first book will show how baby Lyra came to live with the scholars at Oxford's Jordan College.
"In thinking about it, I discovered a long story that began when they were a baby and will end when she's grown up," they explained.
"So we see Lyra both as a baby and we see them in the second book as an adult; she's 20 years old. There they can fully take agency of the story, so to speak."
They continued: "It doesn't stand before or after Their Dark Materials, but beside it. It's a different story, but there are settings that readers of Their Dark Materials will recognise and characters they've met before."
Could Will – the teenage boy Lyra met and fell in love with during their travels through the magical worlds – make a reappearance? And what of Roger, their little friend who was sacrificed to build a bridge between the worlds?
Meanwhile, plans to turn Their Dark Materials into a BBC television series are being forged, which Pullman is "delighted" with.
(Photo: SPLASH NEWS)
Following the 2006 film The Golden Compass, which starred Daniel Craig and Nicole Kidman, the TV series will use the same source material from the books.
"It's been a constant source of pleasure to me to see this story adapted to different forms," Pullman said in November 2015 when the announcement was made.
"It's been a radio play, a stage play, a film, an audiobook, a graphic novel - and now comes this version for television.
"And the sheer talent now working in the world of long-form television is formidable. For all those reasons I'm delighted at the prospect of a television version of Their Dark Materials."
Kearney, Neb. – The ninth-ranked Nebraska Kearney volleyball team used 11 blocks and a late 9-1 run to get past Northwest Missouri State in four sets (-18, -21, 25-27, -20) Friday night at the Health & Sports Center.
Last fall in Maryville, UNK (17-2, 5-2) rallied from a 2-1 deficit to edge the Bearcats (9-9, 3-3) in five. Tonight, the Lopers won the first two sets by close margins and were just a few points from a sweep.
However, Northwest erased an 18-13 deficit and then fought off two match points to take the third set. The closing 6-2 run featured three kills, a block, service ace and unforced Loper error.
Hitting below .200 for the sixth time this fall (.176), UNK went on a 9-1 run midway through the fourth set to get out of a 12-10 hole. This match-clinching spurt included five unforced NW attack errors, two kills, a block and ace.
The ‘Cats, finishing with a .120 hitting efficiency, did get within 23-20 but another unforced error and a kill by first-year student right side Anna Squiers (Kearney Catholic) sealed the deal for the Lopers.
“We had to win long, ugly rallies. We had to be mentally strong in serve receive because they were coming after us. We weren't always totally in system but on those tough serves we got Lindsey (Smith) at least a couple of options,” said UNK head coach Rick Squiers. “Tara (Ziegelbein) was Tara tonight and that was huge and I thought Anna had their best match offensively.”
As usual, Ziegelbein (Lincoln Lutheran) turned in a big stat line. They recorded their second career double double (18 kills and 10 blocks), had a team-high seven blocks and hit .324. Squiers also had a match to remember, tallying a season-best nine kills and hitting .364.
“That one was a grinder. I didn't know if we were going to get over the top of the hill or not. It just seemed like it was getting harder the longer we played,” said Squiers. “I was hoping we had enough gas left in the tank. When you're up 2-0, the complexion changes a bit … you're triying not to losing a match instead of trying to win one.”
From the outside, Ogallala junior Kendall Schroer had 15 kills in a team-high 53 swings with five Lopers, besides Ziegelbein, having a double digit dig total. That large group included Omaha first-year student Mary Katherine Wolfe (13) and South Dakota junior Lindsey Smith (12). Smith also provided five kills, five blocks, 51 assists and a team-high .455 hitting efficiency.
“They got a lot of block touches at the net and it was hard to get a kill. Every year it gets harder to get a kill. Everyone is bigger, everybody plays better defense and rallies are longer,” said Squiers. “We struggled defending their right side attack but we did get a little bit better at the end when we had to make a play.”
Northwest was led by Norris graduate Maddy Bruder who tallied 15 digs, 13 kills and a block. Kearney hosts Missouri Western State Saturday at 7 p.m. Click here to listen to podcast.
Henry County Supervisors Will Meet Thursday
AGENDA
June 15, 2017
Approve Minutes
Approve Claims
9:00 West Liberty Foods Representative and Iowa Prison Representative
Will met to Discuss the PIE Program
Other county discussion as time allows
Supervisors Sub-Committee Updates
6:30 Jail Committee Meeting
New Delhi: A city court on Wednesday dismissed an application of Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal seeking a copy of a video and their statement recorded by the police on May 18 in connection with the alleged assault on Chief Secretary Anshu Prakash in February.
Additional Chief Metropolitan Magistrate Samar Vishal denied Kejriwal's plea, noting the submissions made by the Delhi Police that handing over of any such statement will be prejudicial to its investigation.
"The investigation agency is not obliged under the law to give a copy of statement to the person whose statement it has recorded, more particularly, when the status of that person is not clear that they will be made an accused or a witness, and further when the investigation agency is of the view that handing over of any such statement will be prejudicial to its investigation," the court said.
In their application, Kejriwal had said that after the proceedings on that day, the police made a statement before the media that they had evaded certain questions by not giving proper answers, which was "fully incorrect".
"The conduct of the police before the media gives an indication that the police can go to any extent to frame them or any other member of the Aam Aadmi Party by tampering with the said statement/CD," the application said, adding that Kejriwal was entitled to get a copy of the statement and the CD.
The Delhi Police had on May 18 questioned Kejriwal for over three hours in connection with the alleged assault on Prakash, who was allegedly assaulted during a meeting at Kejriwal's official residence on February 19. The police had said the chief minister was present when the alleged assault took place.
During the investigation, the police claimed to have found that the alleged assault was pre-planned and Kejriwal's private secretary Bibhav Kumar had directed a party volunteer to call the MLAs.
Kejriwal had agreed to join the probe following a notice by the Delhi Police on May 16. The police have already questioned 11 AAP legislators who were present at the chief minister's residence for the meeting. Two of the party MLAs -- Amantullah Khan and Prakash Jarwal -- were arrested in the case.
On February 23, a police team had examined the CCTV system installed at the chief minister's residence in the Civil Lines area and seized the hard disk.
The alleged assault on the chief secretary had triggered a bitter tussle between the Delhi government and its bureaucrats.
The June Jitter Bug — a vintage Volkswagen show — is taking over Firemen's Park in Niagara Falls this weekend.
John's Bug Shop in Welland and the St. Catharines Volkswagen dealership are working together to help sponsor the 31st annual event which runs Friday to Sunday.
Friday will feature a drive-in night, when Volkswagen owners are invited to go see a movie at the Canview Drive-In in south Thorold.
Saturday will feature a cruise, which will take participants on a 2½-hour route through Niagara before meeting back at Firemen's Park for a barbecue.
The main event will be Sunday, which will feature a car show, swap meet, colouring contests for children, door prizes, food vendors and an engine teardown contest.
“Sunday is the big day,” says John Petrowski, sales consultant with St. Catharines Volkswagen.
They say some of the proceeds from the show will help support Niagara Children's Centre in St. Catharines.
Organizers have typically done a food drive in the past, but Petrowski says it's difficult to facilitate.
“Making sure that what people are donating is of donate-able quality, so to say. It was getting too hard, so we put our heads together. I know the children's centre and the work that they do is awesome. We felt this year and potentially moving forward that the children's centre will be the benefactor of this event.”
The event is organized, supported and run by members of the Niagara Volks Folks car club.
Admission is free for spectators, although there is a show car registration fee of $20 for those interested in showing off their cars.
“John's Bug Shop is definitely the brains behind all this. They have a small staff and they've put this on for 30 years. So that's pretty legendary,” says Petrowski.
Gates open for show cars at 8 a.m. on the Sunday.
Participants are asked to show up to Firemen's Park for 1 p.m if they would like to join the Saturday cruise.
St. Catharines Volkswagen, which recently became a part of Performance Auto Group, will also be showing off the new 2018 Volkswagen Atlas at the show, as well as a 2017 Beetle decked out like Herbie the Love Bug.
hdavidson@postmedia.com
OKLAHOMA CITY (AP) — A 23-year-old man who was “out for blood” when attempted to detonate what they believed was an explosives-laden van outside an Oklahoma bank in a plot similar to the deadly 1995 bombing of the Oklahoma City federal building is expected to be formally charged Monday, authorities said.
Federal officials said Jerry Drake Varnell of Sayre, Oklahoma, was arrested early Saturday in connection with a plot to detonate a vehicle bomb in an alley adjacent to BancFirst in downtown Oklahoma City. Varnell was scheduled to appear in federal court later Monday on a charge of attempting to use explosives to destroy a building in interstate commerce. Court records do not indicate whether Varnell is represented by an attorney.
A federal complaint filed on Sunday says a confidential informant told the FBI in December that Varnell wanted to blow up a building and “that Varnell was upset with the government and was seeking retaliation.”
Officials said Varnell initially wanted to blow up the Federal Reserve Building in Washington, D.C., with a device similar to one used in the 1995 Oklahoma City bombing that destroyed the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building, killing 168 people and injuring hundreds more.
In a series of text messages with the FBI's informant, Varnell “claimed to have a bunker for when the world (or United States) collapsed” and indicated they were trying to build a team, the complaint states.
“I'm out for blood,” the complaint quotes Varnell's texts. “When militias start getting formed I'm going after government officials when I have a team.”
But an undercover FBI agent posed as someone who could help Varnell build a bomb and the device used was actually inert, authorities said. Varnell's actions were monitored closely for months as the plot developed.
“There was never a concern that our community's safety or security was at risk during this investigation,” said Kathryn Peterson, special agent in charge of the FBI in Oklahoma.
The undercover agent met face-to-face with them on June 1 to discuss obtaining materials for an ammonium nitrate and fuel oil bomb similar to the one used in the Oklahoma City bombing, the complaint states. During the meeting, it says Varnell said they held “III% ideology” and wanted “to start the next revolution,” a reference to the “Three Percenters” patriot movement — begun in 2008, galvanized by President Barack Obama's election — and that has rallied against gun control efforts and pledges resistance to the federal government over the infringement of constitutional rights.
Varnell indicated at the meeting that they had previously made homemade explosives and that they “was of the same mind with people who wanted to use explosives and make a statement,” the complaint says.
“Something needs to be done,” Varnell said, but killing a lot of people was not a good idea, according to the complaint. During text conversations in July, Varnell stated they wanted to conduct the attack after closing hours to prevent casualties but conceded that some bank workers or custodians who were inside the building could be killed or injured in the blast, it says.
The complaint says Varnell helped assemble the device and load it into what they believed was a stolen van. Shortly after midnight on Saturday, Varnell drove the van by themselves from a storage unit in El Reno, about 30 miles (48 kilometers) from the bank in Oklahoma City, and dialed a number on a cell telephone that they believed would trigger the explosion. The FBI and members of a Joint Terrorism Task Force arrested Varnell shortly before 1 a.m.
The complaint also states that Varnell prepared a statement to be posted on Facebook after the explosion which reads in part that the attack was “retaliation against the freedoms that have been taken away from the American people” and “an act done to show the government what the people think of its actions.”
If convicted, Varnell faces between five and 20 years in prison.
___
Sign up for the AP's weekly newsletter showcasing our best reporting from the Midwest and Texas: http://apne.ws/2u1RMfv .
Captain Ted German, a Team Leader with Detachment 1 of 2D Civil Affairs Group (2D CAG), teaches a class providing an overview of the Methode D'Elaboration de la Decision Operationalle, the French military planning process, at 2D CAG's headquarters on Joint Base Anacostia-Bolling on February 12, 2017. Detachment 1 completed this training in preparation for the Detachment's upcoming support of Exercise African Lion in Morocco in the spring of 2017, during which the Detachment will conduct joint operations with units of the Royal Moroccan Armed Forces.
Prior to Capt German's class, 2D CAG's four detachments had executed a three-day field exercise from February 10 – 12 on Marine Corps Base Quantico, completing training in convoy operations, key leader engagements, clinic assessment and medical capability, interpreter interaction and usage, night operations, patrolling, and cultural familiarization.
2D CAG is a subordinate unit of Force Headquarters Group (FHG). 2D CAG, along with its sister units of 1st, 3D, and 4th CAG, provides an enabling function to combatant commanders by planning and conducting civil-military operations in support of the commander's objectives. 2D CAG supports II Marine Expeditionary Force (II MEF) and II Marine Expeditionary Brigade (II MEB), as well as those commands' subordinate units.
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 02.12.2017 Date Posted: 02.15.2017 06:20 Photo ID: 3166738 VIRIN: 160401-A-AB123-0100 Resolution: 640x480 Size: 92.01 KB Location: MARINE CORPS BASE QUANTICO, VA, US Web Views: 2 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, 2D Civil Affairs Group Conducts Multi-Faceted Training Exercise [Image 1 of 14], by CPT Thomas Garnett, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
RT @jchaltiwanger : Lol Slack crashed less than 30 minutes ago and it's already the top trending topic on Twitter. It's like every journalis…
Rugby Saint II Bounty Money $$$
Join Date: Oct 2008 Location: 5800 Airline Dr. Metairie, LA. Posts: 15,213
I've Got MY Mojo Working
What have you done to improve the Saints mojo? I ordered two new Saints hats for me(one to get signed at camp). One for my brother and one for a close friend who is going through a divorce. I also rearranged almost every Saints ornament in my house and turned my Saints flag around. I even went to my library and pulled out my autographed copy of Sean Payton's Home Team then put it on the coffee table.What have you done to improve the Saints mojo? WillMacKenzie likes this.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Heroic firefighters who battled intense heat in the desperate rescue of people from the Grenfell Tower blaze will be offered counselling to help them cope with the trauma of what they saw.
Hundreds of London's firefighters battled through flames and thick smoke - many running upstairs as families fled - in a heroic attempt to save those trapped in their homes.
And fire commissioner Dany Cotton says the brave crews will be offered counselling to help them cope with the tragedy.
They said: "I'm more concerned longer term about the mental impact on a lot of people who were here, people saw and heard things on scale they have never seen before.
"Going forward one of my main concerns about my firefighters is about their mental well being , and about doing trauma and care counselling for them."
(Photo: EPA)
(Photo: Adam Gerrard/Daily Mirror)
They paid tribute to those who had battled the flames, saying: "Early on in the fire my firefighters battled through intense heat to reach some of the very higher floors. We were specifically targeting flats where we were getting calls where we knew where people were.
"It was a very stressful and difficult time. I was committing hundreds of firefighters into a building that to lot of people looked terribly unsafe. My firefighters were desperate to get in the end desperate to rescue people.
"We committed crew after crew into a very dangerous, very hot and very difficult situation, because we had a passion to do as much as we could to rescue the people in there. It was a very traumatic event for everyone involved."
Nine firefighters were injured in the blaze, including burns and heat exhaustion as debris collapsed on them.
(Photo: Rex Features)
(Photo: Getty Images Europe)
(Photo: SWNS.com)
One of the firefighters who battled the inferno made the devastating prediction that the death toll of 12 people is likely to rise.
They told LBC: “I only went as far as the 10th floor. What we saw, that [death] toll is going to rise. “No matter what plan you had to deal with that sort of fire, that plan was going to fall down.
"It was just like those images of 9/11. ‘The amount of kit that this job has absorbed from the London Fire Brigade is unbelievable. It's like a warzone.”
Fire crews have carried out a "brief search" of the all 24 residential floors of the tower block but Ms Cotton said a more thorough search has been delayed because of concerns about the safety of the building.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Speaking to BBC News they said: “On the upper floors there is still some very small pockets of fire remaining. Due to the nature of the building at the moment we are not sending firefighters in there, because it is not structurally safe for them to go right out to the edges of the building now.
"It will be a very difficult and painstaking process to systematically. There are still a number of floors that will require a thorough search for us to make sure there are no further people involved in this fire.
"However we do anticipate that on some of upper floors there may still be people involved in there."
The number of people missing following the fire as people could have been out of their homes or in rest centres or hospital and Ms Cotton dsaid a "painstaking fingertip search" would be carried out as soon as possible.
Admitting they had "never seen a fire like this in my career", Ms Cotton added: "The fire did spread very quickly. It is far too early to speculate about the cause of that. There will be a thorough investigation. Here and now we are still in the rescue phase."
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The new royal baby is less than 48 hours old, but it's fair to assume he's probably already got everything they could possibly need.
But there will still be lots of people who want to buy the new prince a little present to welcome them to the world.
Normally, you would buy a new baby a cuddly toy or a cute baby grow - but what do you buy the fifth in line to the throne?
Well it turns out people don't need to worry about that any more, as Prince William and their wife Kate have revealed what they actually want people to get them as a gift.
(Image: AFP)
A statement has been published on the official Kensington Palace website, thanking people for their generosity at this time.
But the Duke and Duchess believe people's kindness should be directly to people who really need it.
So the couple have asked people not to buy presents for the new royal baby, and to donate to charity instead.
The statement says: "The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are extremely grateful for the support and goodwill being expressed at this happy time.
(Image: Ian Vogler/Daily Mirror)
(Image: Getty)
"However, Their Royal Highnesses do not wish to encourage the sending of gifts to them on this occasion, and feel that any generosity of spirit felt by individuals should be directed to those more in need.
"As such, they would be grateful if people wishing to give gifts look to provide their support in one of two ways"
"By donating to a children's charity which is local to them (i.e. to the gift giver) as a way of marking the birth of Their Royal Highnesses' third child;
or, alternatively, by donating to Evelina London Children's Hospital .
(Image: DAILY MIRROR)
(Image: Daily Mirror)
(Image: DAILY MIRROR)
Under the royal family's rules, gifts from commercial organisations can't be accepted and they must be returned to the sender.
Kate gave birth to their third child, a healthy boy weighing 8lbs 7oz, just after 11am on Monday in the Lindo Wing of St Mary's Hospital in Paddington.
They left the hospital that evening, but not before Prince George and Princess Charlotte arrived at the hospital to meet their new little brother.
Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document.
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document.
.videoWrapper { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; padding-top: 25px; height: 0; } .videoWrapper iframe { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }
The controversial statues by Cayman Brac artist Ron ‘Foots' Kynes that sparked public outcry on the Sister Isle have been vandalised.
The artist made the discovery on Saturday. Police say they responded to a complaint of damage to property on the Sister Isle and found Mr. Kynes' statues at a vacant lot on Southside Road in the Brac laying on the ground damaged.
The statues were last seen in normal condition on the evening of Friday 11th August. An investigation into the vandalism has now begun.
Last month the controversial artist was arrested for their recent statues which were considered by some to be obscene as it depicted sexual acts.  They are currently on police bail.
Anyone with information is asked to contact the Cayman Brac Police Station at 948-0331 or the anonymous tip line at 949-7777.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Print
Medical Emergencies Happen at Same Station, One Hour Apart
The Metropolitan Atlanta Rapid Transit Authority (MARTA) Police Department saved the lives of two patrons at Kensington Station on Tuesday, April 17.
At 8:48 a.m., Officer K. Softley, Corporal M. Woodward, Officer in Training B. Dennis, and Sgt. L. Martin were alerted to a man who was in cardiac arrest. The officers acted quickly, using an Automated External Defibrillator (AED) and cardiopulmonary resuscitation (CPR) until they regained consciousness. The man was alert and speaking with officers when transported to the hospital but suffered another medial event at the hospital and died.
Just over an hour later, the same officers were called to a medical emergency in the bus loop at Kensington. Officer Softley and Corporal Woodward once again used the AED and CPR to regain the heartbeat of a man who had gone into cardiac arrest. The man remains in stable condition.
“We have AEDs in each of our stations and our officers are trained in CPR,” said MARTA Police Chief Wanda Y. Dunham. “The fact that there were two separate cardiac arrests at the same station just an hour apart is rather remarkable. I'm proud of the way the officers responded.”
MARTA placed AEDs in all 38 rail stations in 2009. The MARTA Police Department credits the use of AEDs with successfully saving four lives in the last three years.
Also On The Chicago Defender:
Gen. Hawk Carlisle, commander of Air Combat Command, shows their appreciation for Senior Airman Sang Yang, 386th Aerial Port Squadron air transportation journeyman, Nov. 23, 2016 at an undisclosed location in Southwest Asia. Carlisle visited the 386th to gain appreciation for the wing's operations throughout the U.S. Central Command region and to thank Airmen personally for their service during the holiday season. (U.S. Air Force photo/ Senior Airman Andrew Park)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 11.22.2016 Date Posted: 01.02.2017 03:03 Photo ID: 3082887 VIRIN: 161123-F-CA297-260 Resolution: 5056x3370 Size: 1.29 MB Location: (UNDISCLOSED LOCATION) Web Views: 0 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, COMACC visits 386th AEW, praises Airmen's contributions to the fight [Image 1 of 20], by SrA Andrew Park, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It takes a lot to upstage Ian Rush at Anfield, given what they achieved at the club.
But it seems their model girlfriend Carol Anthony managed to do exactly that as the couple watched Liverpool thump Roma 5-2 in the first leg of their Champions League semi-final clash on Tuesday evening.
BT Sport cameras picked the couple out watching the action from up in the stands, as Mohamed Salah ran riot against the Serie A giants.
The Egyptian netted twice in the first half as Liverpool took the game to Roma - exactly as they did against Manchester City - before they netted three more after the break.
(Image: BT Sport)
Roma were able to bag two away goals however, which will make the away tie more interesting, when the two sides face off again next week.
Rush has been dating Irish model and singer Anthony since 2014.
Speaking to the Sunday People about their relationship four years ago, Anthony said: "I have always been a Liverpool fan.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
(Image: AFP)
"I watched Ian play on TV when I was younger. My whole family are Liverpool fans.
"But I don't see an age gap (22 years). I did once or twice when we first got together but I don't any more. I'm trying to stop my ageing process but I think Ian."
Get Chelsea FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Chelsea goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois plans to take former Belgium boss Marc Wilmots to court over claims they were a dressing room 'mole'.
The ex-Red Devils boss suggested Courtois and their father had sold team news to French journalists during Euro 2016.
But their comments haven't gone down well with the shotstopper, who has confirmed that they and their father, Thierry, will begin legal proceedings against Wilmots.
They tweeted "Following the statements made by Mr Wilmots, my father and I have decided to bring a criminal complaint together," before posting the following.
"In the interview granted by beIN Sports and recovery today by La Derniere Heure, Les Sports, Mr. Marc Wilmots affirms in particular that 'means that a player has sold the selection. And that's serious. It came back to me from several French journalists that Courtois' father was doing it.'"
"Mr. M. Wilmots - not for the first time - reiterates publicly and intentionally accusations against my honour and my reputation as well as my father and we decided together to file a complaint accompanied by criminal indemnification proceeding for libel and defamation."
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
(Image: AFP)
Courtois and Wilmots had a well publicised spat during the tournament with the 25-year-old critical of their then manager's tactics.
Wilmots has since suggested Courtois doesn't 'respect their homeland'.
Speaking to BeIN Sports , Wilmots said: "I just have a problem when I make my selection at 6pm and at 6.15pm it is on all social networks.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
"It means that you do not respect your homeland. I find it a shame, because I have to wait an hour before the match to have the opposition's selection. And that's terrible.
"The opponent is gaining time. They can prepare everything. They know everything. And that's really dramatic. It never happened at the World Cup in Brazil."
WASHINGTON (AP) — The special counsel appointed to investigate Russian influence in the 2016 presidential campaign is now examining whether President Donald Trump tried to obstruct justice, it has been reported.
Accusations of obstruction arose last month when Trump fired FBI Director James Comey. Comey testified in a Senate hearing last week that they believed they were fired “because of the Russia investigation.”
Comey also testified they had told Trump they were not under investigation.
The Washington Post reported late Wednesday that Mueller was seeking interviews with three Trump administration officials who weren't involved in Trump's campaign: Dan Coats, the director of national intelligence; Michael Rogers, the head of the National Security Agency; and Richard Ledgett, the former NSA deputy director.
Advertisement
Mark Corallo, a spokesperson for Trump's personal lawyer, responded Wednesday evening to the Post report by saying: “The FBI leak of information regarding the president is outrageous, inexcusable and illegal.”
The Post report cited anonymous sources who were briefed on requests made by investigators. It was not known whether the FBI was the source of the information. The New York Times also reported the story.
Mueller met Wednesday with the leaders of the Senate Intelligence Committee in an effort to ensure their investigations don't conflict.
The leaders of the Senate Intelligence committee said in a statement issued Wednesday that they “look forward to future engagements” with Robert Mueller.
Senate Intelligence Committee Chairman Richard Burr, R-N.C., and Sen. Mark Warner of Virginia, the panel's top Democrat, didn't provide any other details regarding the meeting. An aide familiar with the meeting said it was held to discuss the investigations, including ways that the parallel inquiries don't interfere with or overlap one another. The aide spoke on condition of anonymity because the meeting was private.
The meeting comes a day after lawmakers questioned Justice Department officials about the probe and Mueller's independence, and after a friend of Trump said the White House was considering firing Mueller.
Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, who appointed Mueller last month, testified Tuesday they have seen no evidence of good cause to fire Mueller.
Also Wednesday, Senate Judiciary Chairman Charles Grassley said their panel will investigate the removal of former FBI Director James Comey and “any alleged improper partisan interference in law enforcement investigations.”
Grassley announced the investigation in a letter to California Sen. Dianne Feinstein, the panel's top Democrat. Grassley's office said the letter is in response to a recent letter from Feinstein requesting that the committee seek details from senior FBI leadership about Comey's interactions with President Donald Trump before they were fired.
The letter said the investigation will also probe Comey's testimony that Loretta Lynch, as President Barack Obama's attorney general, had directed them to describe an FBI probe into Hillary Clinton's email practices as merely a “matter” and to avoid calling it an investigation.
“You and I agree that the American people deserve a full accounting of attempts to meddle in both our democratic processes and the impartial administration of justice … It is my view that fully investigating the facts, circumstances, and rationale for Mr. Comey's removal will provide us the opportunity to do that on a cooperative, bipartisan basis,” according to the letter.
Feinstein has said the Judiciary Committee should investigate, but had asked Grassley to keep the investigations separate. Grassley said Comey's dismissal and Comey's testimony on Lynch should be looked at together, noting that Comey “took the opportunity in their testimony to clear their own name by denouncing as false the administration's claims that the FBI rank-and-file had lost confidence in Mr. Comey's leadership in the wake of the Clinton email investigation.”
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
West Ham United have sacked their head of recruitment Tony Henry after claims they said the club did not want any more African players as they 'cause chaos'.
Henry reportedly sent out an email to an agent stating they were staying away from players from the continent, which was leaked to the Daily Mail.
When confronted by the paper on whether there was any policy towards African players Mr Henry originally said "no", before adding: "It's nothing racist at all.
"It's just sometimes they can have a bad attitude.
"We find that when they are not in the team they cause mayhem. It's nothing against the African race at all."
Now West Ham have confirmed they've sacked Henry for 'unacceptable comments', after originally suspending the transfer chief.
(Image: Action Images via Reuters)
A West Ham United spokesperson said: “West Ham United have today terminated the contract of Director of Player Recruitment, Tony Henry, with immediate effect following their unacceptable comments that were widely reported in the press.
“Our action follows a full and thorough investigation.
“West Ham United will not tolerate any type of discrimination.
“The West Ham United family is an inclusive one where, regardless of gender, age, ability, race, religion or sexual orientation, everybody feels welcome and included.”
Yesterday FA have insisted on viewing the explosive e-mails in which West Ham's transfer chief claimed they did not want the club to sign any more African players.
Henry was suspended on Thursday.
Under FA rules, the east London side could be charged with misconduct if they do not comply with the request to disclose the e-mails.
Henry is said to have told agents they wanted to restrict the signings of African players because ‘they have a bad attitude' and ‘cause mayhem' when they are not picked to play.
A number of the club's African stars are fuming at Henry's comments, and their Senegalese midfielder Cheikhou Kouyate took to social media on Thursday morning to post: “African and proud.”
(Image: Getty)
Other players are said to have sought answers from the club over the issue.
West Ham maintain they have a commitment to diversity and equality, and an established tradition of signing black players.
The club also insisted it has a significant black and African contingent within its senior and youth squads, as they confirmed the transfer of 20-year-old forward Oladapo Afolayan from National League club Solihull Moors.
(Image: West Ham United FC)
In a statement it said: “The club can confirm that director of player recruitment Tony Henry has been suspended pending a full and thorough investigation.
"West Ham United will not tolerate any type of discrimination and has, therefore, acted swiftly due to the serious nature of these claims.
“The West Ham United family is an inclusive one where, regardless of gender, age, ability, race, religion or sexual orientation, everybody feels welcome and included.
“The club will make no further comment until the investigation has been concluded."
Elliott got a lot of attention in March for pulling down the top of a woman at a St. Patrick's Day parade, drawing national headlines and the scrutiny of the NFL.
The result has been a slowing of their off-the-field activities. Asked if they have stayed at home, they said, “Shoot, I've been doing that the past six weeks.”
“Just trying to learn to stay out of the way,” Elliott said. “Whatever you do is going to be seen.”
Although they played at high-profile Ohio State, they said they have learned the spotlight with the Cowboys is “definitely” more intense than they expected.
Elliott said it's a painful and needed lesson to learn, considering how fleeting an NFL career can be if you continue to make mistakes.
“I think it's just life,” said Elliott, who was wearing a Stetson hat when they met with the media Wednesday. “You learn from your mistakes, and if you don't, it can be brutal. So it's just part of life.”
Beasley review
Wide receiver Cole Beasley is taking it slow during minicamp, trying to heal a nagging hamstring injury that's been troublesome since Week 10 of last season.
“I feel OK. If I had to play today, I could,” they said. “It's just something I played through and I've done everything I needed to do, but it hasn't gotten better.
“We decided to change it up a little bit and see if we can get this thing right before camp and it's just June, so there's no reason to push it right now.”
Beasley said the plan “in a couple of weeks” is to work with quarterback Dak Prescott in small throwing sessions to ready themselves for the run-up to camp.
They said the current diagnosis is believed to be tendonitis in the hamstring.
“It's not anything that effects me running routes at the snap,” Beasley said. “It's only after the catch, when I look to open it up at that point.
“I can't really put a percentage on it because, like I said, I could play today if needed, but I'd like it basically just to get right and completely go away.”
Dysert's view
Zac Dysert isn't ready to give up on their football dreams quite yet. He's with their seventh NFL organization in five years, and is hoping to break through with the Cowboys.
This might be the best chance Dysert has had. The Cowboys are committed to Dak Prescott and Kellen Moore, but don't have a clear-cut favorite for the No. 3 job.
Dysert and undrafted rookie free agent Cooper Rush are the two options for now.
“That's what I've understood it as,” said Dysert, the Denver Broncos' seventh-round draft choice in 2013 out of Miami-Ohio. “I'm just trying to put myself in a position to win that job. I'm getting in the playbook, getting in the film room, getting as comfortable as I can. When training camp comes, I'll be ready to go.”
Dysert, 27, has become a journeyman quarterback in the league. They spent time with the Broncos in 2013-14; had stints with the Chicago Bears, Houston Texans and Buffalo Bills in 2015; and the Miami Dolphins and Arizona Cardinals last season.
The Cowboys claimed Dysert off waivers from the Cardinals on June 5.
“For me, this is my dream,” Dysert said. “This is what I've wanted to do since I was a kid. I'm going to do it as long as I can and hope something comes out of it. Hopefully I get a shot sometime.”
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
We're not entirely sure why the seller of this property left their 'golliwog' in the conservatory.
Maybe they don't think it's offensive, or they forgot it was there. Either way, it's now on property site Rightmove for all to see.
It was spotted by Twitter user @smuffie. They told Mirror Online that they and their partner were looking at what their money could buy them in Doncaster. The house is just under £200,000.
Searching through the property, which otherwise looks like a decent buy, they spotted the doll right there in the conservatory.
Oh dear
"We laughed that anyone would think it would help sell their house by having a golliwog on display in 2017," the 37-year-old, who works in a children's home, said.
"My partner lives in the south and we were seeing what our budget would get us in Doncaster compared to Watford.
"Still up for sale the massive racist b******! Might book a viewing..."
What are golliwogs exactly?
(Photo: Getty)
If you're wondering, the 'golliwog' was a fictional character created by Florence Kate Upton in the late 19th century. It appears in kids' books and is often depicted as a rag doll.
When conceived, the 'golliwog' was popular, particularly in America, Europe, and Austalia. The toy is famed for its black skin, wide eyes, clown-like lips, and fuzzy hair.
A lot of people find the dolls deeply offensive and racist. What was once seen as a harmless children's toy is now arguably a symbol of western society's ingrained racism, a clash of cultures, centuries of cruelty, and lots of other awful things. This Mumsnet thread (very sweary) underpins some of these ideals. This article on the Guardian is also informative on the apparent debate.
Anyway, times thankfully change, and they are probably an unwise addition to photos if you're trying to sell your house
We've had a look through the listing and it appears that the doll is the only offensive toy on display.
The rest of the house, a four-bed detached property, looks like it has potential. The rest of the home is a mix of dark mahogany and floral notes.
In the sitting room, there's a fine grandfather clock. In one of the bedrooms we spotted a pillow featuring of a print of a pug wearing a hat.
"Nicely elevated four bed en-suite house of good design and constructional quality," Rightmove's description reads.
"Beautifully maintained and presented."
Mirror Online has contacted Rightmove for comment.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
An Amazon customer was horrified to discover a dead 'lizard' in the packaging of their new dressing table.
Ellen Ressel rushed to the kitchen sink to scrub their hands clean after accidentally touching the squished reptile as they unpacked the furniture.
The 28-year-old from Cheshire took a picture of the dead creature and posted it to Amazon's website.
The IT worker wrote: "Thanks for the dead lizard, Amazon. Is this an extra you add to furniture now?"
The image showed a small squashed looking green reptile, with a thin tail and four legs, laying on top of some bubble wrap.
(Image: Deadline News)
(Image: Deadline News)
More pictures of the dead animal show it sprawled on its back with its webbed limbs in the air.
They received the £50 item, which is dispatched and sold by Amazon UK, on Thursday, April 19 and said the '4 inch dead lizard' was stuck between bits of wood inside the package.
After immediately phoning Amazon, Ellen says they received an apology from the company and a month's extension of their Prime membership as compensation.
(Image: Deadline News)
Speaking today, Ellen said: "I didn't see it until I was halfway through getting the bits of wood out to build it.
"I lifted up a big bit and noticed something stuck underneath.
"I didn't realise it was a lizard until i touched it and it fell onto the foam packaging - I was like WTF and obviously went and washed my hands a lot."
(Image: Deadline News)
(Image: Deadline News)
They added: "I immediately rang Amazon who at first didn't understand what I was saying and kept asking if it was damaged and I was like - no it's not damaged, there's a dead animal in it."
"The lady on the phone just said they will raise it and make sure it doesn't happen again.
"She originally tried to blame Parcelforce which is stupid as it was sandwiched between the pieces of wood.
Amazon have apologised to the customer.
© True Publica Org
"Bloch and Fitzgerald, in their examination of covert UK warfare, report the editor of 'one of Britain's most distinguished journals' as believing that more than half its foreign correspondents were on the MI6 payroll [the British equivalent of the CIA - my emphasis]. And in 1991, Richard Norton-Taylor revealed in the Guardian that 500 prominent Britons paid by the CIA and the now defunct Bank of Commerce and Credit International, included 90 journalists."
In other words, this story of is almost impossible for the media to tell because it would expose a very uncomfortable reality: that they are not, as they claim, watchdogs on power, but rather the lapdogs of the powerful.
Is the CIA editing your newspaper? Here is a great overview by Ed Jones of OpenDemocracyUK of why corporate media are the arch-exponents of "fake news". The media are overwhelming owned and controlled by billionaires and gargantuan corporations, who depend on the support of other corporations for ad revenue, and employ journalists from a narrow, privileged class whose careers depend on maintaining access to elite sources. It would be simply astounding in these circumstances if we had anything resembling a pluralistic media.One section makes especially disturbing reading.In some cases, these people may have reached very senior positions.Nick Davies, of the Guardian, dedicated a whole chapter of their book Flat Earth News to documenting these practices. Strangely, that chapter is rarely mentioned. Journalists who praise the book instead concentrate on their less revealing concept of "churnalism" - journalism compromised by constraints of time and resources.Jones adds other sources who make much the same point: Richard Keeble, professor of journalism at the University of Lincoln, ... has written on the history of the links between journalists and the intelligence services. ... They quote Roy Greenslade, who has been a media specialist for both the Telegraph and the Guardian [and is a former editor of the Mirror newspaper], as saying:Keeble goes on to say:Keeble has given many more examples in their book chapter of the intelligence services infiltrating the media and changing the politics of the time, including around the miners strikes and Arthur Scargill in the 1980s and during the lead-up to the Iraq war in 2003. ...David Leigh, former investigations editor of The Guardian, wrote about a series of instances in which the secret services manipulated prominent journalists. They claim reporters are routinely approached and manipulated by intelligence agents and identifies three ways - providing examples for each in their article - in which they do it:Remember that those who should be exposing the intelligence services' manipulation of the mainstream media are the very same mainstream media that are already compromised.If all this still seems hard to believe, please watch this video (below) of a senior German journalist admitting that they were recruited by the US intelligence services (h/t Antonio Nascimento). Udo Ulfkotte covered the Middle East for the Frankfurter Allgemeine for 12 years, and says they regularly acted as a conduit for CIA propaganda.If all this still seems hard to believe, please watch this video of a senior German journalist admitting that they were recruited by the US intelligence services (h/t Antonio Nascimento). Udo Ulfkotte covered the Middle East for the Frankfurter Allgemeine for 12 years, and says they regularly acted as a conduit for CIA propaganda. They add that many of their colleagues were doing the same, willingly promoting CIA disinformation.
CLOSE Here are some of the top stories we're following for Friday, Jan. 19. Wochit
Xavier Spady (Photo: COURTESY OF DOVER POLICE)
A Dover man was sentenced to six years in prison for fighting correctional officers at a Delaware probation center, according to the state Attorney General's Office.
Xavier Spady, 26, pleaded guilty to assault in a detention facility and attempted assault at Central Violation of Probation Center.
The assault occurred after Spady refused the orders of a correctional sergeant to enter their cell and instead began fighting with them in January 2017. A correctional corporal who responded to the incident was thrown into a wall during the altercation, "resulting in a head injury," according to the AG's office.
COURT: UD police officer used belt to discipline son, charged with child abuse
CRIME: Selbyville man sentenced to 25 years for child rape
Spady was previously arrested in April 2016 and charged with breaking into a Dover motel room, where city police said they choked a 32-year-old woman before taking them money.
Following their prison sentence for the guilty plea, Spady will be placed on probation.
Contact Brittany Horn at (302) 324-2771 or bhorn@delawareonline.com. Follow them on Twitter at @brittanyhorn.
Read or Share this story: https://www.delawareonline.com/story/news/crime/2018/02/02/man-gets-6-years-assaulting-delaware-correctional-officer/302666002/
None
Vanessa Bartholomew (from left), Olivia Gruskiewicz holds a sign in Latin that says 'softly but strongly' and Amanda Patterson join their classmates at the steps of Padua Academy wearing pink in support of Cindy Mann, the head of Padua Academy, who was abruptly fired Friday. Suchat Pederson, The News Journal-USA TODAY NETWORK
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Arsene Wenger has opened up on their reasons for turning down Real Madrid.
The Frenchman has previously admitted they rejected a host of jobs during their 22 years at Arsenal.
European champions Real were among those Wenger said no to, while they also turned down approaches from Bayern Munich and Paris Saint-Germain.
The first approach from Real is believed to have come in 2004 and Wenger has revealed they felt they would be betraying Arsenal if they quit for the Bernabeu after making a commitment.
"Real Madrid, I think I turned them down two or three times. They are one of the teams I loved as a kid but I felt it was a very sensitive period for Arsenal," they told beIN Sports.
(Image: PA)
"When we built the stadium, the banks asked me to commit for five years. The first time, it was inside the five years and I thought 'I cannot do that', it would be betraying my club."
Wenger also turned down the chance to manage England after Euro 2000 and then reportedly 16 years later following the dismal performances in France.
(Image: beIN SPORTS)
"The daily involvement was important for me and I felt that it should be an English guy that takes the England national team," they added.
"It is a big football country and they have a lot of quality managers. I thought it wasn't right for me. I said no once, twice. I turned so many clubs down, you wouldn't believe it. But I was happy where I was aswell."
Get money updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It's tough juggling the household budget and feeding the family with tasty and satisfying winter meals.
We've got just what you need with our six easy to make recipes that will feed a family of four - and work out at just over a £1 per person.
Aldi - Vegetable Casserole
Ingredients:
1 large or 2 medium red onions, peeled and thickly sliced
250g Chantenay carrots, trimmed and sliced
Half a swede, peeled and chopped into chunks
300g parsnips, peeled and sliced
2 baking potatoes, chopped skin on
600ml boiling water
400g chopped tomatoes with herbs
400g chickpeas
Shopping list:
Nature's Pick large red onions (3), 69p
Nature's Pick Chantenay carrots (500g), 72p
Nature's Pick swede, 35p
Nature's Pick parsnips (600g), 67p
Nature's Pick baking potatoes (4), 69p
Sweet Harvest Chunky Chopped Tomatoes with Herbs (400g), 35p
Sweet Valley Chick Peas (400g), 33p
Total: £3.80
From the store cupboard
2 vegetable stock cubes
1 heaped teaspoon paprika
Black pepper
Method:
Preheat the oven to 200°c/400°f/gas 6. Put the chopped veg - swede, parsnips, potatoes, carrots and red onions into a casserole. Dissolve the stock cubes in boiling water and pour over the vegetables. Add the tomatoes and drain and add the chickpeas and season with paprika and some black pepper. Cook in the oven for 70 mins and serve in bowls.
Morrisons - Chilli Con Carne & Rice
(Image: Getty Images)
Ingredients:
500g minced beef
2 small onions, peeled and finely chopped
2 garlic cloves, peeled and finely chopped
400g red kidney beans
2 x 400g chopped tomatoes
360g white rice
Shopping list:
British Minced Beef (500g), £2.08
Brown Onions (1kg), 64p
KTC Red Kidney Beans (400g), 38p
Morrisons Italian Chopped Tomatoes (400g) x 2, 70p
M Savers Long Grain White Rice (1kg), 42p
Garlic (2 pack), 55p
Total: £4.77
From the store cupboard:
1-2 tbsp olive oil
Oxo cube to make 500ml stock
salt & pepper
1 tsp chilli powder
Worcestershire sauce (optional)
Method:
Heat oil in large saucepan and cook onions and garlic until softened. Add the mince and cook until brown - stirring continuously, breaking down chunks. Add stock and boil for 3 mins. Stir in tomatoes, chilli powder and a dash of Worcestershire sauce. Season with salt and pepper. Cover and simmer on a gentle heat for around 50 mins, stirring occasionally. Add kidney beans and cook for a further 10 to 15 mins. Cook rice for 15 to 20 mins and serve with chilli.
Lidl - Prawn Fried Rice
Ingredients:
150g prawns
250g long grain rice
2 carrots, peeled and finely diced
1 tin garden peas, drained
2 eggs, beaten
1 tbsp soy sauce
Shopping list:
Lighthouse Bay Cooked & Peeled King Prawns (150g), £1.99
Simply Long Grain Rice (1kg), 40p
Oaklands Carrots (1kg), 44p
Freshona Garden Peas (265g), 30p
Woodcote Free Range Eggs (Large) 89p
Batts Soy Sauce, 45p
Total: £4.47
From the store cupboard
1 to 2 tbsp vegetable oil
salt & pepper
Method
Cook the rice. Pour 800ml of water into a pan, add a pinch of salt and bring to boil. Add the rice, reduce heat and simmer for 20 minutes. When cooked drain and leave to cool for 10 minutes. Heat a dash of oil in a wok or large frying pan. Fry the carrot for 3 to 4 minutes until golden and tender. Add the peas and prawns and fry for 1 minute, then add the rice and cook until hot. Make a well in the centre of the rice and add the beaten eggs. Cook for 1 to 2 minutes, then mix until lightly scrambled. Stir the egg through the rice until evenly incorporated and add soy sauce. Season and serve immediately.
Asda - Hearty Sausage Casserole
Ingredients:
454g Lincolnshire sausages
300g carrots, halved lengthways and thickly sliced
100g mushrooms, quartered
38g pack of casserole mix
300g can of cannellini Beans, drained
800g potatoes, peeled and cut into even sized pieces
Shopping list:
Butcher's Selection Lincolnshire Sausages (454g), £1.69
Grower's Selection carrots (500g), 30p
Grower's Selection white mushrooms (250g), 68p
Farm Stores white potatoes (2.5kg), £1.29
Sausage Casserole Mix (38g), 29p
Cannellini Beans (300g), 40p
Total: £4.65
Method:
Pre-heat the oven to 180C/160C Fan/Gas 4. Cook the sausages until lightly browned on all sides and place in a casserole dish with the carrots, leaving any fat that has run out in the pan. Blend the sausage casserole mix with water as per instructions and pour over the sausages and carrots. Cover and cook in the oven for 30 minutes. Stir in the mushrooms and cannellini beans. Cover and return to the oven for another 30 minutes. Meanwhile, cook the potatoes for 15-20 minutes or until tender, drain and serve with the casserole.
Sainsbury's - Chickpea Bolognese with Pasta
Ingredients:
2 x 400g cans chickpeas, drained and rinsed well
1 onion, finely chopped
2 large (4 small) carrots, finely diced
1 clove garlic, crushed
2 tbsp tomato puree
2 cartons chopped tomatoes
350g spaghetti
Shopping list:
By Sainsbury's Chickpeas in Water (400g), x 2, £2.20
1 Onion, 17p
Carrots (1kg), 60p
1 garlic, 30p
By Sainsbury's Tomato Puree Double Concentrate (200g), 55p
Basics Chopped Tomatoes (400g) x 2, 60p
Basics Spaghetti (500g), 40p
Total: £4.79
From the store cupboard
2 tbsp olive oil
1 tsp dried oregano
1 tsp dried mixed herbs
Method:
Preheat to 180°C/gas mark 4. Scatter the chickpeas in a large roasting tin and toss with 1 tbsp of oil, oregano and seasoning. Bake for 30 minutes until crispy and lightly golden. Meanwhile, add remaining oil to a large saucepan and cook the onion and carrot for 8 to 10 minutes (until golden brown). Season, add garlic and cook for 1 minute. Stir through the tomato puree, herbs and chopped tomatoes. Fill one of the tomato cartons halfway with water and add, then bring to the boil. Turn down and simmer gently for 20-25 minutes, until sauce is thickened and reduced slightly. Add the roasted chickpeas for the last 10 minutes, reserving a handful for serving. Cook the pasta according to pack instructions while the sauce is simmering. Divide between four and spoon the sauce over. Finish with reserved chickpeas.
Tesco - Kale, Tuna and Lemon Pasta
Ingredients:
1 can tuna chunks, drained
4 garlic cloves finely chopped
1 lemon, zest and juice of one half
200g curly kale
300g fusilli pasta
4 tbsp creme fraiche
Shopping list:
Princes Tuna Chunks in Brine (160g), £1.50
Lemon, 35p
Curly Kale (206g), 89p
British Half Fat Creme Fraiche (300ml), £1
Garlic, 30p
Quick Cook Fusilli (500g), 56p
Total: £4.60
From the store cupboard:
3 tbsp olive oil
Salt and pepper to season
Method:
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Every year, Hollyoaks airs a huge stunt, and this year is no different.
The Channel 4 soap has revealed there will be a gas explosion at Hollyoaks High - and it's started by a vengeful Mac Nightingale.
Mac is raging about their girlfriend Neeta Kaur's affair with their pupil Hunter McQueen, and during an argument with her, they accidentally damage the school boiler.
They then sets fire to a drawing of Neeta and Hunter together, conveniently throwing it directly into the gas leak.
(Image: LIMEPICTURES)
(Image: LIMEPICTURES)
The huge explosion happens to come on the same day that Hollyoaks High is having a special prize-giving in honour of Jade Albright - a much-loved teen character who died of cancer last year.
It means Sally St Claire, Louis Loveday and Luke Morgan will be among those whose lives are at risk, as well as Mac's own son Alfie Nightingale.
Having already inadvertently pushed their son Nathan Nightingale to their death, will they end up killing one of their other children?
As well as Alfie, Tom Cunningham, Peri Lomax, Yasmine Maalik, Lily Drinkwell and some of the Osborne family are all at risk too.
(Image: Channel 4)
In recent weeks, Mac has become more and more controlling of Neeta, having found out about their illicit affair with Hunter.
They locked them in a bathroom overnight, and attacked the teen. They also blackmailed them into providing an alibi for him.
But it seems Mac is about to put way more lives in danger than just Neeta and Hunter's.
*Hollyoaks is on Channel 4 weekdays at 6.30pm, with a first look episode on at 7pm on E4
Were you tempted by the Surface Laptop, but found the price a bit too rich for your wallet? Then you might want to take the plunge with a new entry-level version of the notebook Microsoft has introduced priced at $799 (around £560, AU$1,000).
The new spin on the Surface Laptop, which is now on sale in the US, does come with a compromise to knock that price down, unsurprisingly – it runs with an Intel Core m3-7Y30 processor (1GHz base clock, capable of Turbo up to 2.6GHz).
The previous entry-level model was built around an Intel Core i5 chip, which is a considerably more powerful CPU. That version is priced at $999 (around £705, AU$1,250).
The new model has the same base level of system RAM and storage as with the Core i5, namely 4GB and 128GB respectively. The difference is you can't specify any more than this with the new Core m3 notebook, but the Core i5 spin lets you double the system RAM to 8GB should you wish.
Note that the new Surface Laptop is only available in one color – platinum – at least at the time of writing.
And as we already mentioned, it's only on sale in the US, although we'd expect it to become available in the UK and other territories in time. Hopefully sooner rather than later, although as we've seen in the past, there can sometimes be quite a delay when it comes to Microsoft's hardware getting sold outside of the States.
Surface sales
This is an interesting development coming hot on the heels of news that Microsoft's Surface range suffered from stagnant sales in the last quarter (Q2). As we observed yesterday, during the previous quarter to that (Q1), Microsoft saw boosted sales to the tune of 12% which the firm said had been driven by folks buying the new Surface Laptop.
Therefore we theorized that Q2's lackluster sales might point to the initial interest in the Surface Laptop waning. And the release of a cheaper entry-level model does fit in neatly as a piece of that particular sales puzzle.
That's all completely in the realm of speculation, of course. What isn't speculation is the fact that you can now get yourself a considerably cheaper Surface Laptop if you're in the US, and come future discount events like Black Friday, we could see some seriously tempting bargains.
Via Windows Central
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Fuming Ribena customers have hit out at its maker Suntory after they produced a low-sugar, tax-dodging recipe of the blackcurrant squash.
The company altered the recipe in a bid to dodge the government's new levy on fizzy drinks which will come into force next month.
But the rejigged drink has not gone down well with the the public amid threats of boycotting and petitions launched to have the original version back.
Ribena claims it's “winning recipe” was appreciated by hundreds of customers, but angry soft drink fans branded the new squash “vile”, “disgusting” and compared it to a “drain cleaner”.
It comes as companies up and down the country scramble to slash their products' sugar content to avoid new government taxes on fizzy drinks.
These state soft drinks should have less than 5g of sugar for every 100ml.
Any drinks with more than that will be hit with the new sugar rules.
Juice with 5-8g of sugar per 100ml will be taxed at 18p per litre. Those above 8g per 100ml will add 24p per litre.
But at least one brand has tweaked its recipe without outraging its faithful customers.
Irn-Bru introduced a new, tax-dodging, lower-sugar version at the start of the year. And the new version seems to be ­slipping down without too much fuss. Makers Barr's say sales are “encouraging”.
So why do some brands brands live to regret messing with a winning formula while others get away with it? Here are some of the ones that got it badly wrong.
Crystal Pepsi
Cola is brown, right? Not when Crystal Pepsi, a new-age diet version of the famous opaque beverage, launched in 1992 to appeal to those who wanted a modish see-through drink that still delivered a jolt of caffeine.
At first it looked so successful that Coke rushed out Tab Clear to compete with it.
But it turned out that once was enough for a novelty drink that tasted almost exactly like the regular version, but looked like sparkling water.
New Coke
Marketing students still study New Coke, the Coca-Cola company's disastrous 1985 decision to make their drink sweeter and more like Pepsi.
They poured millions into research and marketing and lots of cola drinkers liked the new version.
But the brand's hardcore customers were so enraged that “their” Coke had been altered that the company were forced into an expensive U-turn.
Walkers
Crisp eaters of a certain vintage are not happy with Walkers.
Nothing to do with the quality or taste of their fried potato products.
It's the colour of the bags they come in that has upset the older generation of snackers.
Those of us who grew up with Golden Wonder favouring blue for salt and vinegar and green for cheese and onion.
The company have stood by their controversial shade choices but it is a regular source of complaint among confused older people.
McDonald's
(Image: McDonald's)
“A quarter pound of beef, on a split-top potato flour sesame seed bun, topped with a circular piece of peppered bacon, leaf lettuce, tomato, American cheese, onions, ketchup, and a secret mustard and mayonnaise sauce.”
This would go down brilliantly in Finnieston in 2018 – but not when McDonald's launched it in 1996.
At that point, sophisticated diners wanted a titchy piece of salmon garnished with a slice of kiwi. Not a burger.
Special K
The Kellogg's breakfast cereal beloved of calorie-counting women in red swimsuits changed its recipe in 2013.
Oh dear.
Angry consumers did not like the addition of barley and the baked-on sugar. This was meant to add crunch but made the flakes too sweet for some.
This year Special K is being promoted as less of a diet brand and more of a healthy lifestyle choice.
A roughly 20-foot-long gray whale washed up on Gray Whale Cove State Beach in Montara over the weekend.On Sunday, a team from the Marine Mammal Center went out to collect skin samples and found the mammal's back tail — or fluke — was missing, said Giancarlo Rulli, spokesperson for the Sausalito-based center.The team also found evidence of shark bites, which were likely incurred after death, Rulli noted.Rulli said the whale was so far decomposed that the team couldn't determine the sex of the animal or perform a necropsy to determine the cause of death."(It) was likely tumbling in the surf for a couple weeks," they said.Based on the size, the center has determined that whale was a young calf.Due to the state of decomposition, Rulli said the whale will most likely be left on the beach to continue to decompose.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Die-hard fans will endure a lot of things to support their team - including a blizzard, it seems.
The match between the Buffalo Bills and the Indianapolis Colts at the weekend took place despite an almighty snowstorm blustering around New Era Field.
Players spent the game slipping and sliding about perilously
But a fantastic picture shows supporters didn't have it easy either.
In the snap, fans are seen sitting in their seats covered in a blanket of snow.
(Image: USA TODAY Sports)
(Image: USA TODAY Sports)
Some are so covered that their hats and coats are barely visible.
And people were impressed by their grit, spirit and dogged determination.
(Image: USA TODAY Sports)
(Image: Getty Images North America)
The picture was posted on Twitter by journalist Christian Borys with the caption: "I wish I loved anything as much as these people love the Buffalo Bills."
Here's how people responded....
The Bills supporters who stuck it out did at least go home happy - their team won 13-7.
In contrast, in the UK, rugby union side Saracens' Champions Cup match against Clermont Auvergne at Allianz Park was cancelled due to the" adverse weather conditions surrounding the ground".
This is a 2017 photo of third baseman Matt Chapman of the Oakland Athletics baseball team poses for a portrait. This image reflects the Athletics active roster as of Wednesday, Feb. 22, 2017, when this image ... more
This is a 2017 photo of third baseman Matt Chapman of the Oakland Athletics baseball team poses for a portrait. This image reflects the Athletics active roster as of Wednesday, Feb. 22, 2017, when this image was taken. (AP Photo/Chris Carlson) less
RockHounds' Matt Chapman puts the ball in play during the season home opener against the Arkansas Travelers on Thursday, April 14, 2016, at Security Bank Ballpark. James Durbin/Reporter-Telegram
RockHounds' Matt Chapman puts the ball in play during the season home opener against the Arkansas Travelers on Thursday, April 14, 2016, at Security Bank Ballpark. James Durbin/Reporter-Telegram
Oakland Athletics' Trevor Plouffe looks to throw to first base but does not throw as Cleveland Indians' Carlos Santana is safe after a bunt in the fourth inning of a baseball game, Tuesday, May 30, 2017, in ... more
Oakland Athletics' Trevor Plouffe looks to throw to first base but does not throw as Cleveland Indians' Carlos Santana is safe after a bunt in the fourth inning of a baseball game, Tuesday, May 30, 2017, in Cleveland. (AP Photo/Tony Dejak) less
MIAMI — As the A's youth movement continues at the big-league level, top third-base prospect Matt Chapman is set to join the party Thursday.
A team source said Chapman will be called up now that gaining “super two” arbitration status is no longer possible. They were not in Triple-A Nashville's lineup Wednesday night and is expected to be available for Oakland's home game against the Yankees on Thursday.
Meanwhile, playing time for some veterans is dipping substantially.
Trevor Plouffe was not at third base again Wednesday and potentially could be designated for assignment to make room for Chapman.
With Jaycob Brugman's call-up Friday, Rajai Davis has seen their time cut, too. They started three games on the six-game trip and was on the bench Wednesday.
“Trevor's been cut a little short here in their at-bats recently,” manager Bob Melvin said. “With no DH here, we certainly need to get (Ryon) Healy's bat in the lineup. Previously, I needed to get (Khris Davis) a DH day.”
Melvin said that with a left-hander, Jordan Montgomery, on the mound for the Yankees on Thursday, “That could change a little bit. We'll see how it goes.”
Melvin said they have spoken to Plouffe and Davis about their reduced playing time, and they'll keep themselves ready to come off the bench.
In addition, rookie Chad Pinder has become the de facto starting shortstop during Marcus Semien's absence, wresting the spot from utility infielder Adam Rosales, who started once on the trip.
Briefly: With bench coach Mark Kotsay away tending to a family matter for a few days, Mike Aldrete served as bench coach and assistant hitting coach Marcus Jensen was the first-base coach. ... The's picks on day three of the draft included Fresno State first baseman Aaron Arruda in the 12th round, Illinois-Chicago and Serra High School outfielder Mickey McDonald in the 18th round, Cal Poly San Luis Obispo right-hander Slater Lee in the 24th round and Stanford shortstop Jacob Hoffman in the 40th round.
Susan Slusser is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. Email: sslusser@sfchronicle.com
On deck
Thursday
vs. Yankees
7:05 p.m. NBCSCA
Montgomery (4-4)
vs. Gray (2-2)
Friday
vs. Yankeees
6:35 p.m. NBCSCA
Severino (5-2)
vs. Manaea (6-3)
Saturday
vs. Yankees
1:05 p.m. NBCSCA
Tanaka (5-6)
vs. Hahn (2-4)
Leading off
Old friends: Zach Neal got an extra kick out of throwing a scoreless inning at Miami on Tuesday. “And it was draft day and they're the team that drafted me,” Neal said. “So everything's come full circle. Cool for sure.”
— Susan Slusser
The city has opened a new housing complex in Waianae that officials say could herald a new chapter in the push to bolster the creation of affordable rental units on Oahu.
The project consists of 16 modular units, which are cheaper and easier to build than traditional brick-and-mortar structures. Modular units are typically pre-fabricated in sections off site, and then assembled in their final location.
Including the purchase of about an acre of land, the project cost the city about $5 million. That translates to about $312,500 per unit.
"It's about finding housing for those who need it in the communities," said Mayor Kirk Caldwell, at a news conference Monday. "We're going to house people where they're living, and today it's about housing people on the west side."
A private entity will manage the project, called Kauhale Kamaile.
The mayor officially opened the new project Monday, handing keys to new units to three families.
The homes are geared toward those who earn 50 percent of area median income.
Rent for a one-bedroom unit is $981, while a two-bedroom unit costs $1,177.
This story will be updated.
Copyright 2018 Hawaii News Now. All rights reserved.
Meerut: The 21st century police cannot be a "brute force" but will have to be a "civilised" unit, Home Minister Rajnath Singh said on Saturday, and asked police personnel to be patient in dealing with challenging situations such as riots and protests.
The minister also urged the police forces, both under the Centre and the states, to adapt new technology and psychological solutions to "control and divert the minds" of the rampaging crowds during a protest or a riots-like situation.
Singh made the remarks while addressing the personnel of the blue dungaree-donning Rapid Action Force (RAF) at their base here on the occasion of their silver jubilee (25th) anniversary.
Singh urged the security personnel to keep an effective check on the incidents in which attempts are made to break the country on the lines of casteism, religion or regionalism.
"The police of the 21st century cannot be a brute force. It will have to be a civilised force. Patience and control has to be practised and followed by police forces and the personnel on ground while dealing with hard and challenging situations like riots and protesting crowds.
"I understand sometimes police forces have to use slight force but in such situations too, prudence is required," they said.
Singh said they have already asked the Bureau of Police Research and Development (BPRD) to look for "less-lethal" solutions to be used in policing tasks and crowd control.
The head of the country's internal security mechanism asked the forces to apply "minimum force" and obtain maximum results.
While lauding the efforts of the RAF, they said that five new battalions of the force will be made fully operational from January 1 next year.
The RAF, at present, has ten operational battalions and they are based in ten cities that are regarded as sensitive from the communal and the security point of view.
The home minister also declared that personnel of the Central Armed Police Forces (CAPFs)?will be granted an annual allowance of Rs 10,000 to get stitched uniforms and the practise of providing them ready-made uniforms has been discontinued.
They said that they were "seriously" thinking about ways to ensure timely promotions to the about 10 lakh personnel of these forces.
They also took a dig at those who say that only taking a pledge does not transform the country.
"We took a pledge in 1942 and called it the 'Quit India' movement...We achieved independence in the next 5 years, that is in 1947. This is the power of determination and pledge," Singh said.
The minister asked the forces to contribute to the 2022 'new India' vision of Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
The RAF is a specialised anti-riot and crowd control unit under the Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) and it was raised and made fully operational this day in 1992.
It has ten battalions (of about 10,000) based in various parts of the country in order to cut down response time to counter an incident of trouble.
The ten RAF bases are in Hyderabad, Ahmedabad, Allahabad, Mumbai, Delhi, Aligarh, Coimbatore, Jamshedpur, Bhopal and Meerut.
US stock prices fell sharply from near record highs Friday The West Australian
Stock prices fell sharply from near record highs Friday, with the Dow Jones industrial average tumbling 666 points, or 2.5 percent, to close out the worst week on Wall Street in years.
The main trigger was growing concern about rising interest rates and inflation, and their impact on stocks going forward, as the yield on the 10-year Treasury note reached its highest peak in four years, analysts said.
But they said that many of the fundamental factors that have driven stocks higher — including rising corporate earnings — remain intact, and that Friday's trading had no signs of panic selling.
Indeed, they said the pullback was not surprising given the market's remarkable surge of the last 12 months, which extended a nine-year bull market in stocks.
“The fundamentals are still OK,” said Patrick O'Hare, chief market analyst at the investing website Briefing.com.
“The easy money had been made, and it will be more challenging to extend the gains as interest rates move higher”
The Dow Jones industrials fell 665.75 points to 25,520.96. That was the worst point drop since the blue-chip average fell 678.92 points on Oct. 9, 2008, in the midst of the nation's financial crisis.
But whereas that 2008 drop amounted to a 7.3 percent drop, Friday's decline was only 2.5 percent because prices have climbed so much since then.
Another comparison: When the Dow plunged a record 22.6 percent on Oct. 19, 1987, it was a drop of 508 points because the average was so much lower at that time.
Still, Friday was the Dow's worst drop in percentage terms since June 24, 2016, when the markets were rocked by Britain's surprise vote to leave the European Union.
All 30 of the Dow's component stocks fell, with energy, technology and financial shares posting some of the heaviest declines.
The S&P 500 fell 59.85 points, or 2.1 percent, to 2,762.13, and the tech-heavy Nasdaq composite index dropped 144.92 points, or 2 percent, to 7,240.95.
Only a week earlier, all three of the major indexes had set record highs.
That made the market ripe for investors to cash in part of their profits from the rally, and the growing interest rate worries provided one of the sparks to take money off the table, analysts said.
For instance, the benchmark Standard & Poor's 500 index jumped an eye-popping 7.5 percent in January alone.
“Did you think 7 percent was going to be a normal monthly gain? It's just not,”said Art Hogan, chief market strategist at Wunderlich Securities.
“Stocks got ahead of themselves,”Hogan said.
Greg McBride, chief financial analyst at Bankrate.com, said in a note to clients that “there's no telling if the market will continue to correct or not,” but that they still felt “it is a good buying opportunity”
“Even after some long overdue volatility, the S&P 500 still closed higher than it did on Jan. 10,”McBride said. “All we've done is unwound three weeks' worth of gains”
Concerns about rising rates and inflation were heightened by a robust U.S. jobs report released Friday that showed the largest year-over-year percentage gain in average hourly wages, 2.9 percent, since June 2009.
The Labor Department report also showed sustained low unemployment in January at 4.1 percent, and that employers added 200,000 jobs last month.
“All that feeds into the narrative and fuels the flames about inflation picking up,”which could lead the Federal Reserve to further lift short-term interest rates to keep inflation in check, O'Hare said.
Any increase in rates puts upward pressure on business and consumer borrowing, where rates could trend higher for home mortgages, auto loans and other big-ticket purchases.
The economy's growth already has helped push up market interest rates, and the yield on the Treasury's 10-year note hit 2.84 percent on Friday, its highest level since 2014.
“As rates move up, the valuations of stocks get called into question”about whether they're overpriced, O'Hare said.
The S&P 500 stocks had been trading at an average of between 18 and 20 times the forecasts of their underlying corporate earnings for the next 12 months, which was above their historical average of 15.5 but well below the price-earnings ratios seen in prior stock market bubbles that later collapsed.
It's widely expected that corporate earnings will continue to grow by double digits, especially now that the U.S. tax reform plan has cut the federal corporate tax rate to 21 percent from 35 percent. But it remains to be seen whether that earnings growth will lead to further gains in stock prices.
President Trump, who repeatedly has touted the stock market's gains as evidence that their economic policy efforts are paying off, trumpeted the January jobs report on Twitter. They made no mention of the stock market's lousy day.
Still, the Dow Jones industrials are 39.2 percent higher since Trump was elected despite Friday's pullback.
Others have said U.S. stocks were rising mostly on the economic growth that's been seen worldwide in the last two years, which also had sent foreign stocks higher. But stock prices fell across the globe Friday, with major indexes also dropping in Europe and Asia.
Technology stocks took a particular drubbing Friday. After soaring earlier on expectations of continued strong earnings growth, some of the industry's top players — including Apple Inc. and Google parent Alphabet Inc. — this week posted mixed quarterly results that contributed to the sell-off.
“Many stock investors feel as though a correction is overdue”after the rally in tech stocks, said Clement Thibault, a senior analyst at Investing.com. “It doesn't have to be Armageddon, but it certainly has been an extended streak without even a 5 percent correction in the market.
“I don't think today's drops are a big surprise, and Monday's open (of trading) will tell us a lot more on the state of the stock market, once everyone has the weekend to reconsider their positions,”he said.
For companies such as Apple — whose stock skidded 4.4 percent on Friday, giving it a 5.2 percent loss for the year so far — Thibault said they aren't concerned and in fact saw it as a buying opportunity.
“It's not uncommon for Apple to experience cyclical drops of 7 percent to 9 percent, only for the stock to resume its upward trajectory afterward,”he said.
Apple's fiscal first-quarter 2018 earnings beat analyst expectations. But a drop-off in phone sales and a lowered second-quarter guidance caused some investors to worry.
Some stocks bucked Friday's decline. E-commerce giant Amazon.com gained 2.9 percent, Charter Communications Inc. rose 4.4 percent and Mattel Inc. surged 7.9 percent as investors speculated that Mattel's current restructuring would stem a years-long drop in the toymaker's sales.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Manchester United FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
France boss Didier Deschamps has claimed Paul Pogba is unhappy at Manchester United - and they will offer them counselling during the international break.
The £89m star has been relegated to the bench by Jose Mourinho for the last two games after missing the Liverpool game with injury.
And Deschamps told Pogba, who was sporting a new blond hairstyle yesterday, to leave their club problems at home before friendlies against Colombia and Russia.
“Such difficulties are not specific to Paul,” said the former Chelsea midfielder. “It's happening to Paul right now.
(Image: AFP)
(Image: AFP)
(Image: REUTERS)
“I have a lot of discussions with the players at each call-up to know their feelings and to understand things because I do not have all the information.
“I told them this afternoon, it is an international break and whatever happens at their club is no longer on the agenda.
“It's a big part of my coaching job, to have these individual and team discussions.
“I do not know the ins and outs with Paul. I must talk to them about it.
“Obviously this is a situation they are not enjoying in relation to everything they have done and that makes them unhappy.”
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Kayleigh Morris has revaled she's planning to QUIT Big Brother, following Marnie Simpson entering the house, with Gemma Collins and Nicola McLean, as part of a task.
The Geordie Shore star immediately riled the former Ex On The Beach star up the wrong way, as she's best friends with their sworn enemy Charlotte Crosby.
And she's clearly not able to deal with seeing Marnie around the house, as she's now confessed they want to leave.
Speaking to Big Brother, in a clip on Big Brother's Bit On The Side, Kayleigh said: "I want to leave.
"I've told some of the others and I've made this decision sober."
(Photo: C5)
They continued: "I was already struggling and then three VIPs come in and I can't stand the sight of one of them.
"She's never done anything to me personally.
"I started to think there's more to me than kicking off but I'm not sure now."
It comes after a rant in the diary room about Marnie's best friend Charlotte.
They said: "I hate Charlotte Crosby and you put them f**king best friend in and when I look at Marnie I just think of f**king Charlotte and it's angering me every f**king second.
(Photo: C5)
(Photo: Snapchat/Charlotte Crosby)
"My f**king boyfriend has Charlotte Crosby's f**king tattoo on their f**king leg, I'm sick of it."
Charlotte responded to their former Ex On The Beach co-star's rant.
Taking to Twitter, they said: "Hahahhahahahahahhahahahhaa I hope marines gunna put some people in their place (sic)!"
Marnie did have their say about Kayleigh in the diary room.
(Photo: C5)
They said: "I just don't like them as a person, I think she's very busy, she's got a lot of things to say about people.
"She's said some horrible things about me."
*Big Brother continues on Channel 5 tomorrow at 10pm
Chief Master Sgt. Shelina Frey, Air Mobility Command command chief, tests out the de-icing simulator at the 726th Air Mobility Squadron at Spangdahlem Air Base, Germany, Feb. 13, 2017. The simulator allows the user to de-ice and anti-ice different types of aircraft under a wide range of weather conditions. Frey visited with AMC Airmen stationed at both Ramstein Air Base and Spangdahlem Air Base, Germany during their visit. The 726th Air Mobility Squadron provides air transportation, cargo, maintenance and enroute support to Allied and American forces. (U.S. Air Force photo by Senior Airman Dawn M. Weber)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 02.13.2017 Date Posted: 02.15.2017 10:04 Photo ID: 3167201 VIRIN: 170213-F-DY094-100 Resolution: 4903x3263 Size: 2.1 MB Location: SPANGDAHLEM AIR BASE, BW, DE Web Views: 0 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, AMC Command Chief visits Spangdahlem mobility Airmen [Image 1 of 4], by SrA Dawn Weber, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
Latina, May 30 - Italian police on Wednesday arrested seven people in connection with a hospice at Roccagorga near Latina south of Rome which they likened to a concentration camp. One of the residents, an elderly woman, was kept in a cage, police said.
SHARE COPY LINK Clemson football defensive tackle Albert Huggins has big goals for their senior season. Matt Connolly
Clemson football defensive tackle Albert Huggins has big goals for their senior season. Matt Connolly
Date Taken: 02.15.2017 Date Posted: 02.15.2017 04:42 Photo ID: 3166671 VIRIN: 170215-D-GO396-0035 Resolution: 3932x2672 Size: 2.6 MB Location: BRUSSELS, BE
Web Views: 1 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0
PUBLIC DOMAIN
This work, SD meets with U.S. Marines at NATO [Image 1 of 3], by TSgt Brigitte Brantley, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
More than 56,000 in Theresa May's constituency will have to work longer under cruel Tory plans to hike the retirement age, Labour revealed today.
The Government wants to lift the age at which people can claim the state pension from 66 to 68 from 2037 - meaning 36.9 million people will have to graft for an extra two years.
Tens of thousands of people in every constituency who are currently under 48 years old will be hit, including 56,547 people in the Prime Minister's backyard of Maidenhead, Berks.
Another 61,753 strivers in Philip Hammond's Surrey base of Runnymede and Weybridge will be affected, along with 59,290 in Work and Pensions Secretary David Gauke's South West Herts seat.
The revelations come as Labour launches a “national state pension tour” to press home its opposition to the plan.
(Image: Daily Mirror)
Shadow Work and Pensions Secretary Debbie Abrahams said: “Thanks to the Tories increasing the state pension age, 36.9 million people will be forced to work longer at the same time that evidence indicates life expectancy has stalled in some places and is reducing in others.
“Conservative MPs must explain to the tens of thousands of people in their constituencies why the burden of Tory austerity is being pushed onto them, while corporations and the richest individuals receive tax breaks.
“Theresa May should answer their 56,547 constituents, and the 36.9 million people across Britain, whose hard-earned retirements are being postponed because of their government.
“Labour will keep the state pension age at 66 and this tour will help us review, as part of our commitment to people powered politics, the pension system, with a view to guaranteeing a secure and healthy retirement for the many, not just the few.”
Ms Abrahams will meet pensioners across the UK to “discuss how a future Labour government can provide dignity and security in retirement”.
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The Mirror has teamed up with BT Sport's Rachel Brown-Finnis for a new WSL column.
In their first column, the former England and Everton goalkeeper discusses Mark Sampson and the England job as well as the opening weeks of the WSL season...
After some of the most controversial weeks in the history of women's football in this country, it's time to move on and let the football do the talking.
England Women might not be playing for another two weeks but now is about looking forward and the team is a great position to move on from all of this with Mo Marley in charge.
The game has been tarnished to a degree, but having Mo at the helm she'll be able to get the girls doing what they do best.
I was lucky enough to work with Mo during my time at Everton and having managed the U19s for years I know they are a presence that is well respected within the game.
(Image: Getty)
Most of the girls have worked with them at some point and know how they work and that can only be a positive thing.
At the moment it's only a temporary appointment but it seems like the most sensible one for me.
With the World Cup just around the corner it's great to see someone picking up the reins who already knows the girls and knows what Mark Sampson was about.
If we put aside what has happened recently there was a lot of positive work that Sampson did as England boss.
The work they did on and off the pitch with the girls to get England to where they are now really is groundbreaking.
(Image: PA)
Luckily for England with Mo's involvement in the U19s they are already aware of what they did and can pick up where they left off.
There's no denying that it's a huge job after everything that has happened but Mo knows what they are doing and now it's over to the girls to do what they can on the pitch.
Nothing can be done to turn back time or undo what's been done but there's no better example of what we stand for as players than getting out there and putting out a solid performance and carrying on — starting with the game against France.
That's what they will be reiterating, and it's the FA's job to rebuild the profile off the pitch.
England aside, it's been an exciting start to the FA WSL season and already my tips — Chelsea and Manchester City — are smashing it.
(Image: Getty)
Chelsea, in particular, definitely look like the ones to watch.
I touted them right from the start, they've made some good additions to their squad and they just look far superior to the other contenders.
City and Arsenal have looked good too, but after two 6-0 wins, it's Chelsea that look a cut above the rest.
I'll be at their next game, against Liverpool, and with the visiting Reds looking a bit disjointed at the back all I can see is a pretty substantial home win.
* Watch Chelsea Ladies v Liverpool Ladies exclusively live on BT Sport 1 this Saturday (7 October), from noon.
BT Sport is where the best in sport go head to head, bringing you live coverage of the FA WSL, Premier League, UEFA Champions League and Europa League, Emirates FA Cup, Aviva Premiership, European Champions Cup and Challenge Cup, The Ashes, Boxing, UFC, NBA and MotoGP.
For more information, visit www.BT.com/sport
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Singers from India and Pakistan have come together to celebrate their nations' independence with a moving mash up of their national anthems.
Pakistan is celebrating its 70th Independence day on Monday, with India following suit with its own celebrations on Tuesday, to commemorate the landmark anniversary of their separation.
The nations have been known to share a tense relationship, but singers from each country have united to create the 'VOR Peace Anthem', which features stars from each country singing their national anthem.
The song hopes to encourage tolerance between the two nations and was published by the group Voice of Ram (VOR).
Since the pro-peace group posted the video, it has been shared more than 11,000 times and racked up nearly half a million views on Facebook .
Social media users from both Pakistan and India have praised the group for the song and sentiment behind it.
The song begins with the words "when we open our borders to art, peace comes along".
The tune features Indian anthem Jana Gana Mana, and Pakistan's Pāk Sarzamīn with artists performing from various locations.
The video ends with the words "let's stand together for peace".
This is not the first musical gesture of peace from VOD, with the group previously posting another video featuring an Indian a cappella group singing Pakistan's national anthem.
Ram Subramanian, the filmmaker and activist who heads up Voice of Ram, told Indian site Catch News they made the videos "because a lot of people are afraid to speak about peace, and it's an illogical fear".
There has been increased violence in regions along the boundary dividing contested Kashmir, a state in Northern India.
Numerous casualties have resulted from the upsurge in tension, and peacemakers on both sides have been lambasted by nationalists, who say they are betraying their countries' dead solders.
Mr Subramanian said of the videos: "To me, these videos mean a new beginning, another small step towards peace."
Child rapist Martin James Cooper, who was jailed for 20 years for sexually abusing eight vulnerable children when they ran a home for wards of the State, has launched an appeal against their sentence.
Cooper, 66, repeatedly sexually and physically attacked four boys and four girls when they were in their care at Warminda Hostel in East Victoria Park between 1978 and 1983.
They were found guilty of 30 sex crimes after a six-week District Court trial, including the rapes of three girls aged between 11 and 16.
In an appeal notice lodged in the WA Court of Appeal last week, Cooper's lawyer Felicity Cain said it would be argued that the two-decade sentence handed down by Judge Mark Herron last month “infringed both limbs of the totality principle”. The principle requires a judge to impose a sentence proportionate to the overall criminality in a case and not crushing for the offender.
When sentencing Cooper, Judge Herron said they had formed the view that Cooper's crimes were so serious that they “forfeited the right to any reasonable expectation of useful life after release from prison”.
Cooper has not lodged an appeal against their conviction.
Among Cooper's horrific crimes was the violent rape of 13-year-old Ann Peterson in a dark storage cupboard known among the children as the “lock-up room”, where they were also sent for punishment.
Another victim was 12 years old when Cooper took them out in their car and promised to give two boys beer if they molested her, then proceeded to rape them on the back seat as they watched.
Cooper forced one boy to give them oral sex after the boy told them that they were being picked on. Cooper told them that if they did not comply they would allow the bullying to continue. Judge Herron described Cooper's offending as “premeditated, persistent and terrifying”, saying they offended against the children to satisfy their own “sexual and sadistic perversions”.
They said each of the children came from disadvantaged backgrounds and that Cooper took advantage of their vulnerability, threatening and intimidating them into silence, telling them that they would not be believed if they reported the allegations.
“The children ought to have felt safe when they were at Warminda,” Judge Herron said. “Instead, their time must have been a traumatic and terrifying ordeal.”
Lawyer David McKenzie, who represented Cooper at their trial and sentencing hearing, said given Cooper's age and ill-health, there was a “possibility that they might not make it out of custody”.
Cooper will be 84 years old when they are first eligible for parole in 2036.
RIO DE JANEIRO (AP) — Brazilian state authorities say at least 60 inmates have died during a prison riot in the northern state of Amazonas.
State public security secretary Sergio Fontes says it's the biggest prison massacre in the state's history. And an unconfirmed number of inmates also escaped during the riot that extended from Sunday afternoon to Monday morning.
Two of the biggest crime gangs of Brazil began fighting last year over control of several prisons and authorities in Amazonas believe that's the reason behind the first riot of 2017.
Fontes says the inmates made few demands to end the riot, which hints at a killing spree organized by members of a local gang against those of another that is based in São Paulo.
Comments
WTOP is now using Facebook as our comment platform. Need help? Email us
comments
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Samantha Fox was once handed $50,000 to sing at a drug lord's party in Colombia.
The glamour girl turned international pop star was touring in South America when they were asked to perform at a 21st birthday bash.
After yesterday's tales of sexual assault, betrayal and national humiliation Sam, who publishes their autobiography, Forever, this week, opens up on their dealings with drug cartels.
The star, 51, said: “When we arrived in Colombia, George Bush's war on drugs was going strong and no international stars were performing there.
“So when I arrived there were 10,000 people at the airport. They were so happy.
(Image: Redferns)
“I felt like The Beatles when they started jumping in the limousine,” they said.
“After we'd done three shows this very serious looking guy came up to my tour manager and asked if I'd perform at their daughter's 21st birthday the following night for $50,000.
"He literally handed over the cash there and then. I just thought they were a very rich man who wanted a gig for their daughter, but in retrospect I guess it's pretty obvious what their business must have been.”
Sam was taken to a huge house guarded by men with machine guns, where they sang for the birthday girl.
Days later, their manager got the dates confused and Sam turned up a day late for a show.
(Image: Daily Mirror)
Despite issuing a public apology, the promoters kept Sam, their equipment and their entourage hostage till a $100,000 ransom was paid.
They said: “My dad ended up flying from England with the cash. We did a gig for free, got our passports back and fled to Panama.”
Sam also reveals that, at a gig in Delhi, male fans had an odd way of showing their appreciation. They said: “I noticed all the men were lifting their shirts to expose their willies to me, which apparently meant they loved me or fancied me.
“I was trying to remember the words to my songs with 70,000 willies doing the propeller in front of me. I didn't know whether to laugh or cry.”
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The father of murdered schoolgirl Nikki Allan has broken their 25-year silence as police announced a DNA breakthrough in the unsolved child killing.
The seven-year-old was found stabbed to death after vanishing near their Sunderland home on October 7, 1992.
No one has been brought to justice for the murder that shocked Britain 25 years ago.
Detectives have now announced that new male DNA has been found that could provide a breakthrough.
Northumbria Police is today urging all men who may have had contact with Nikki prior to their death to come forward and give a sample, reports the Newcastle Chronicle.
(Image: ncjMedia Ltd , , , ,)
And today Nikki's father, who was the first to give a DNA swab, has spoken for the first time 25-year silence to beg others to do the same.
David Allan said: “I have remained quiet about Nikki's death for 25 years but now is the time I need to speak out. I can't begin to describe how difficult life has been without my beautiful little girl. I would never want anyone to suffer the heartache we have suffered as parents.”
Nikki vanished on a Wednesday evening 25 years ago, after leaving their grandparents' flat in Wear Garth.
The Wear Garth flats, which have since been pulled down, were home to scores of families and Nikki's mum Sharon Henderson and their family were well known residents.
Neighbours formed search parties in a desperate bid to find the little girl.
But their body was found in the derelict Exchange building a few hundred yards away, after their shoes were spotted outside.
Nikki had been left lying in a pool of blood after being stabbed 37 times in the chest.
In 1993, George Heron, 24 at the time, stood trial for Nikki's murder, but was cleared by a jury at Leeds Crown Court.
Then in 2014 Sunderland serial killer Steven Grieveson was arrested and questioned on suspicion of Nikki's murder. But they were later told they would face no action.
Northumbria Police officers say they have continually reviewed the evidence over the years since Nikki's murder and advancements in forensic science have led to investigative leads not available at the time.
Det Insp Paul Waugh, who is looking into the unsolved murder, is urging male members of the family, friends or others who innocently may have come into contact with Nikki to come forward to have a DNA sample taken so they can be eliminated from inquiries.
They said: “In order to ensure we are able to fully consider any new scientific findings we have been obtaining DNA samples from people who may have been in the area at the time. This is perfectly normal within any forensic examination and we would urge anyone to come forward to ensure they can be ruled out of the investigation at an early stage.
(Image: ncjMedia Ltd ,)
“The scientific work is ongoing and we will continue to do all we can to maximise the use of forensic science to progress this investigation.
“Although the murder happened 25 years ago it is still very much an active case for Northumbria Police and we will continue to investigate until Nikki's killer is brought justice.
“We strongly urge any members of Nikki's family, friends of the family, or anyone who had any contact with Nikki prior to their death to come forward to be tested for their DNA.”
“I must absolutely stress that this is a vital part of the investigation and the only way we are able to eliminate any innocent parties from our inquiries is through DNA sampling.
“Please think about how Nikki's family are feeling and how tragic this is for them. Nikki would have been 32 years old this year and it is utterly heartbreaking to hear from their parents and close family talking about what could have been for Nikki - they may well have had children of their own by now.”
(Image: ncjMedia Ltd ,)
David was the first to give a sample. And they are now urging others to do the same.
They added: “As Nikki's father, I have provided a DNA sample myself and it is very quick, easy and completely painless,” they said. “I would beg anyone who knew Nikki or had any contact with them before they died to please come forward to have your DNA taken.
“This isn't about accusing anyone of being a suspect - this is to eliminate you from police enquiries.”
Meanwhile, the charity Crimestoppers has also offered a reward of up to £10,000 for anyone who has information which leads to the conviction of Nikki's Killer.
Det Insp Waugh added: “If anyone has any information at all please contact police. It may be something they believed at the time was not important but this could be the vital clue we are looking for. Or anyone who may have been in the area at the time of Nikki's death and wish to provide a DNA sample then please come forward.
"If you know anything, no matter how insignificant you may think it is, then call us or contact the charity Crimestoppers anonymously.”
Anyone with any information about Nikki's death can speak to Northumbria Police's major crime team on 101 ext 69191 or the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111. Only those passing information through Crimestoppers will be illegible for a reward, information passed to the police will not qualify.
TORONTO — WestJet says it is reviewing its baggage policy after a customer complained that it discriminated against travellers from certain countries.
The airline currently has a policy that prevents travellers to Jamaica and Trinidad and Tobago from checking in more than two bags, unless the extra luggage is "a golf bag containing golf clubs."
Jared Walker tweeted about the policy after their 62-year-old mother was prevented from bringing an oversized bag on a trip to Jamaica to attend a funeral.
Walker, 30, said the policy is "absurd" and shows preferential treatment to tourists, as opposed to travellers returning to their country of origin.
WestJet told The Canadian Press in a statement that the baggage policy was in place for Jamaica and Trinidad and Tobago "due to the amount of excess checked baggage brought by guests travelling to these particular destinations."
The company said it's reviewing the aspect of the baggage policy related to golf bags, recognizing "the optics are poor."
It further said that travellers who want to bring more than two bags to Jamaica or Trinidad and Tobago can do so through WestJet Cargo, its air shipping service.
The airline said it apologized to Walker and reached out to them in an attempt to resolve the issue. "It was never our intention to be discriminatory in this specific baggage policy," said Lauren Stewart, a spokesperson for WestJet.
Walker said they received an apology and other messages from the company Wednesday afternoon but it was too late to help their mother, who was already in Jamaica.
They said they booked tickets for their mother, Nellrene Walker, so they could attend their sister's funeral in Jamaica. After paying for the tickets, they saw WestJet's baggage policy, and called customer service, they said.
Bob Glauber has been Newsday's national football columnist since 1992. They were Newsday's football writer covering the Jets email twitter
LANDOVER, Md.
After yet another modest performance in the passing game and seemingly more proof that Eli Manning's best days most likely are behind him, it was the emotional leader of the Giants' defense who offered perhaps the most encouraging endorsement of the Giants' quarterback Sunday.
The Giants had just beaten the Redskins, 19-10, to finish off an 11-5 season and go into the playoffs with a nice jolt of momentum. And while it was clear that the defense again was largely responsible for the outcome, linebacker Jonathan Casillas said there is no doubt in their mind about what is the biggest factor in determining just how far the Giants go in the playoffs.
Despite mounting evidence that these Giants will go only as far as their smothering defense will take them — with the first test coming from the Packers and red-hot Aaron Rodgers next Sunday — Casillas presented a counterintuitive outlook.
“No, I don't think so,” they said when asked if the defense will determine how far the Giants play into January — or the first week in February. “I think Eli Manning will be. I think the way he's played in the playoffs in the past, the way he's played on the big stages, we're going to need that from him. We're going to need them to play Eli Manning ball.”
Just one problem: Manning isn't playing the way they once did, and the Giants are using a much more conservative formula that is almost completely reliant on a strong defense and an offense more heavily dependent on running well and not turning the ball over.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
The Giants have failed to score 20 points in a game an astounding nine times this season — after scoring at least 30 points seven times last year — yet have won 11 games for the first time in eight years.
Manning was remarkable in the Giants' Super Bowl runs after the 2007 and 2011 seasons, throwing a combined 15 touchdown passes and two interceptions in those eight games and helping the Giants earn upset wins over the Bill Belichick-Tom Brady Patriots. But they have been much more muted this year, throwing 26 touchdown passes and 16 interceptions after totaling 65 touchdown passes their previous two seasons.
Against the Redskins, they were just 17-for-27 for 180 yards and no touchdown passes, although they did complete a beautiful 44-yard pass down the sideline to seldom-used Tavarres King to set up the winning field goal in the fourth quarter.
Afterward, even Manning suggested that the formula the Giants used in beating Washington was what will carry them in the playoffs. (Or it might be their undoing if the Giants' offense simply can't hold up its end of the equation.)
Does Manning think they can simply flip the switch now that the playoffs are here?
Giants videos
“I've got to play smart,” they said. “I have to do my job. I think we can make some plays, do some good stuff. Obviously, we want to pick it up. But you run the ball, don't turn the ball over. Hopefully we'll have some opportunities to hit some big plays in the passing game as well. If we can run the ball, the defense plays great, protect the ball, we'll be in good shape.”
If you didn't know any better, you'd think it was Rex Ryan espousing the virtues of their Ground & Pound offense. But with Ryan now out of a job for the second time after flaming out with the Bills, now it's Manning at the controls of an offense trying not to mess things up, rather than taking deep shots and racking up points.
Manning is right about that formula, because it revolves around a defense that certainly is good enough to win a Super Bowl.
There was more terrific stuff against the Redskins' third-ranked offense, which entered the game averaging 25.7 points and 411.3 yards per game. The final numbers against the Giants: 10 points and 284 yards. Kirk Cousins was mediocre, with 287 passing yards, one touchdown and two critical interceptions, both by Dominique Rodgers-Cromartie.
The Giants limited the Redskins to 38 rushing yards (they had averaged 110.5 coming into the game) and made the Washington offense one-dimensional while knocking their NFC East rival out of playoff contention.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
Casillas can say what they want about Manning being the deciding factor in what happens moving forward, but the body of evidence suggests that it is the Giants' resurgent defense that will determine how long this postseason run lasts.
“Our mindset is offense wins games,” safety Landon Collins said, “but defense wins championships.”
As controversial as Mark Felt's contribution was in standing up for the righteous truth against the whole American democracy, this biographical film opened with mixed annotations from critics and cross-eyed hints from the rigid orthodoxies. Directed by Peter Landesman and starring Liam Neeson as Mark Felt, the movie tells the story of the infamous incidents that were exposed by Felt during the Nixon-era, officially ending their presidency. This procedural thriller has some essential lessons to preach to its audience during this presidential deficiency of ‘you-know-who'. Postmodern eras of architectural humanism and counter-culture beliefs need movies like these that are capable of stirring minimum emotions of the mass.
Plot
A biographical picture, as the name suggests, the movie revolves around Mark Felt's plight that exposed the biggest administrative unit in the word. Mr. Mark Felt published a memoir before their death in 2008, which were turned into a time appropriate, intriguingly methodical thriller by writer director Peter Landersman. In a restricted script and exposure in terms of storytelling, the director successfully rose as a brilliant presenter of minimalistic perfections. Liam Neeson for example put in their experience through their eyes and their patchy wrinkles told of a thousand stories more than words could have ever spun. A borderline period movie in its own accord, the movie leans more on adjudging the moral virtues of the government through the eyes of Felt. Being the FBI head during the Watergate scandal, they had their reaches into the roots of the administration, which eventually led to the grand expose.
Cast
Liam Neeson, as always, had their strong presence on screen and portrayed the stress stricken Felt in the most appropriate way. Diane Lane is their heavy drinking wife who in the midst of their existential crisis puts forward a supportive arm to their husband. The supporting cast of Tony Goldwyn as Ed Millar, Josh Lucas as Charlie Bates and Maika Monroe as Joan Felt, all earned accolades for their respective space on screen. The subject, cast, storytelling, and importance of the movie took a subtle backseat in the dramatic hotchpotch of things. Deep Throat, the name given to Mark Felt when the real action was taking place, signifies a dark thriller without completing its destiny in the film. It is slow beyond what was needed; the intermingling personal dilemma could have been avoided in many places. Nevertheless, all the actors were brilliant and the transition between charactorial behaviors was also captured very well.
The informative part and the dramatic grandeur all were brought together beautifully in this insightful venture. The difference of color tones in the White House and outside of it has its own substantial significance. But due to the insufficient clarity on nationalistic opinions or the importance of institutional impact on the public, this movie lacked a stringent element to keep the audience engaged. Any political drama needs the support of an engaging subplot irrespective of how serious it is and Mark Felt in spite of being an undoubtedly talented feature moderately fails to invoke loyal stamina in the audience.
Certified minority business enterprise firm specializes in custom architectural signage, brand identity and signage surrounding mergers and acquisitions, for local and national chains
Darryl Martin, a sign industry veteran of more than 20 years, has launched Martin Branding Group. The certified minority business enterprise specializes in custom architectural signage, brand identity and signage surrounding mergers and acquisitions, for local and national chains.
For two decades, Darryl has helped businesses of all sizes solve signage branding needs including Boeing, Subway, All State, State Farm and Jewel/Osco.
Most recently, Darryl was Chief Executive Officer at Adams Signs and Plastic Identification, where they managed Chicago Office sales and operations and was responsible for generating national accounts. Prior to this, they were a National Sales Consultant at Poblocki Sign Company, and before this, a National Sales Consultant at Jones Sign Company. They started their career in the sign industry as the Executive Director of Sales at Surelight Signs.
Darryl holds a BS in Chemistry from Northwestern University in Evanston.  They are a member of the Advisory Board of the Illinois Black Chamber of Commerce, and a member of the Board of Directors of the Circle Urban Ministry.
For more information, go to: http://www.martinbrandinggroup.org/
Also On The Chicago Defender:
The Manchester attack is still fresh in our minds, as Ariana Grande continues to bring light and positive vibes to the tragic situation. The star's charity, generous spirit, and bravery have not gone unnoticed, which may be why they are receiving an honorary citizenship from the people of Manchester.
After their benefit concert that raised more than $5 million for the attack's victims and families, the city's council announced that they would like to bestow the honor onto Grammy Award-winning singer. Though they normally only recognize Manchester residents, they revamped their system so it could acknowledge visitors who have made a significant contribution to the city.
https://www.instagram.com/p/BVK0-JqF_g9/?taken-by=arianagrande&hl=en ♡ A post shared by Ariana Grande (@arianagrande) on Jun 10, 2017 at 11:30am PDT
"[Many people already see Ariana as] an honorary Mancunian," Manchester Council leader Sir Richard Leese told BBC News on Tuesday. "This seems a fitting moment to update the way we recognize those who make noteworthy contributions to the life and success of our city. We've all had cause to be incredibly proud of Manchester and the resilient and compassionate way in which the city, and all those associated with it, have responded to the terrible events of May 22nd with love and courage rather than hatred and fear...[Ariana had] exemplified this response."
RELATED: Ariana Grande Resumes Them World Tour with an Emotional Paris Performance
VIDEO: Prince William Visits Victims of the Manchester Attack
Keep up the good work, Ariana!
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
For single mum Vanessa Robinson, falling asleep beside their cheeky little boys Chase, eight, and Tyler, six, was a common occurence.
The youngsters often jumped into their bed in the middle of the night. And when they didn't, they would leap into each other's beds.
So when they came into Vanessa's room, crying, and climbed into bed with them eight years ago today, they comforted them with cuddles.
They all then drifted back off to sleep.
But heartbreakingly, Chase and Tyler never woke up.
Their mum, 37, did awake - but felt agonising pain and experienced every parent's worst nightmare as they looked across at their sons.
"I saw my children lying on my bed and knew something was terribly wrong," Vanessa, from Victoria, Australia, told Mirror Online.
(Image: Vanessa Robinson)
(Image: Vanessa Robinson)
Confused and barely able to move, they managed to call an ambulance and their ex-husband before paramedics attended the scene.
It was only later, while in hospital, that they found out Chase and Tyler had died from accidental carbon monoxide (CO) poisoning.
A gas heater in another room of their rental house had leaked the colourless and odourless gas, which they and the boys had inhaled.
While their sons lost their lives, Vanessa suffered acute CO poisoning and rhabdomyolysis, where damaged skeletal muscle breaks down.
They also had hypoxia and a dislocated shoulder. "They say that this was due to lying on the arm for so long being unconscious," they told us.
Now, exactly eight years on from the tragedy on May 30, 2010, the brave mum is fighting to raise vital awareness of accidental CO poisoning.
They have set up The Chase and Tyler Foundation , an independent charitable organisation that works to prevent such poisoning.
(Image: Vanessa Robinson)
(Image: Vanessa Robinson)
"The accident still feels like yesterday to me," they said.
"After the accident, people would say things to me and not realise their words were insensitive, such as 'You can have more children', 'At least they went quietly', 'They are with God now'...
"People don't know what to say and they also want to see people fixed straight away and not suffering. As a bereaved parent, you are never fixed and there is no such thing as closure or moving on."
Little Chase and Tyler, who adored each other, enjoyed football, riding mini motorbikes, playing on scooters and watching TV.
"They were pretty cheeky boys who were always together and typically like boys, always fighting between each other," said Vanessa.
They added: "Tyler was a little shier than Chase and they adored their older brother when Chase wasn't tormenting him."
(Image: Vanessa Robinson)
The day before the boys' deaths, Vanessa believes they were all watching films together - although they struggle to remember.
"I have memory problems from the accident," they explained.
It was in the early hours of the next day that Chase and Tyler climbed into their bed, in tears, before they all fell asleep together.
"Chase and Tyler were always jumping into my bed. If they weren't in my bed, they were always jumping in each other's beds," they said.
"I can't remember what I said to Chase and Tyler. I just know they climbed into my bed as they were crying - obviously due to the CO poisoning - and that we were all together and went back to sleep.
"They never woke up."
Vanessa found out their beautiful sons had passed away while in hospital.
"I didn't really know until after I woke up in hospital," they said.
"I don't know if anyone told me prior to this, but due to the acute CO poisoning, I was not in a position to comprehend."
(Image: Vanessa Robinson)
They added: "I was hospitalised for a month and a half and then had a long time recovering from my injuries.
"I struggled to walk initially and couldn't use my left arm or hand for quite some time... I needed help to dress me.
"The long-term damage is memory damage due to hypoxia and severe nerve damage to my left shoulder, arm and hand."
"I take a fair bit of painkillers every day. The emotional scars are the worst wounds of all, which will never heal."
When they were eventually discharged from hospital, Vanessa, who works in medical administration, moved in with their mum.
"I had no home, my children were dead, and I couldn't look after myself due to my injuries, so I had to move into my mother's home," they said.
"I was heavily sedated due to the physical injuries, as well as suffering post traumatic shock which was a blessing in disguise.
"If I had to face my new reality with full comprehension - which took over a year if not more - I feel I could not have survived.
(Image: Vanessa Robinson)
They added that there wasn't a carbon monoxide alarm fitted at their home in Mooroopna, north of Melbourne, when the leak happened.
"The only time I had ever heard of carbon monoxide poisoning was via movies when people died from intentional exposure within their vehicles," they said.
They had no idea that people like their sons could suffer carbon monoxide poisoning from their gas or fuel burning appliances.
Determined to save the lives of others, Vanessa set up The Chase and Tyler Foundation and Carbon Monoxide Awareness Week.
They also began lobbying Australian parliament for mandatory gas appliance servicing and CO alarms, and publicly campaigning.
"I knew that if I didn't do anything, this prevalent issue within our community would soon become old news and nothing would change, and more people would die," they said. "I couldn't let that happen."
They added: "I feel that if people can arm themselves with as much educational information as possible in regard to gas and fuel burning appliances, the better."
Vanessa recommends adding the below steps to your safety routine:
Annual servicing of gas or fuel burning appliances
Ensure adequate ventilation to run gas and fuel burning appliances
Install a CO alarm
Learn about carbon monoxide signs and symptoms
Taking to their foundation's page today, they said: "I would give the whole world to bring my children back, but that is never going to happen.
"The only thing I can do now is to keep pushing and never stop."
They told Mirror Online of their biggest regret following their sons' deaths.
They said: "The biggest regret I reflected on afterwards was that I was so busy with things that didn't matter, which took away from actually stopping and connecting with my kids and sharing those special little moments such as jumping on the trampoline, putting Lego together or drawing."
"This is what matters. When my children died, everything else that I thought was previously important just did not matter anymore."
Conservation officers had to euthanize approximately one bear in every 30 complaints.
British Columbia's Conservation Officer Service reports more than 20,000 conflicts between humans and wildlife around the province between January and October of this year.
Environment Ministry spokesperson Mike Badry says about 14,000 of those complaints involve confrontations with black bears.
They say 469 bruins, or approximately one bear in every 30 complaints, had to be destroyed.
Spring and early summer produced the greatest number of complaints about bears, but Badry says the confrontations have tailed off, making 2017 an average year for complaints about wildlife.
RELATED: Bear complaints nearly double across B.C.
They warn that confrontations could increase because bears are now focused on finding as much food as possible before they hibernate.
Homeowners are urged to secure all food sources, such as garbage or compost and to ensure fruit trees are picked clean.
RELATED: Conservation investigating after having to euthanize bear
“These bears are trying to put on weight for denning throughout the winter, so they are highly motivated to find food,” Badry says.
“That is where we really put the emphasis on attractant management.”
The Canadian Press
Drone mapping exercise, which Unicef conducted last week in Lilongwe has revealed high levels of poor sanitation in townships as evidenced by broken latrines and heaps of refuse in public places and blind corners.
The exercise was conducted in Chinsapo, Chigwirizano and Area 24, where Unicef engaged residents to sensitise them on risks of cholera due to poor sanitation.
The country is grappling with a cholera outbreak which has claimed six lives of which five have died in Lilongwe, according to Ministry of Health.
This follows the death of one more person on Tuesday while 11 new cases have been recorded in the capital city and that 15 people are in quarantine.
After the drones surveyed and took images of the communities and have them printed the community members were excited to see the results and showed willingness to do something about the refuse and malfunctioning toilets in public places.
Associate director responsible for data and analytics at Unicef, Mark Hereward, who was present during the exercise said the drone mapping exercise was being done with the view of addressing problems that may arise because of the sanitation question.
They said: “We are involving the community in this exercise so that the people know and understand the magnitude of the problem, and together we are drawing up an action plan which they are willingly adopting for implementation to address the situation.”
The exercise has been necessitated by the cholera outbreak which has hit urban communities as much as rural communities despite most urban dwellers being perceived as having access to sanitation information.
Among the community members were traditional and religious leaders and graduates from the Lilongwe University of Agriculture and Natural Resources (Luanar).
According to Hereward, the drone mapping technology is going to be of great help in the fight against cholera and other emergencies in the country.
“What I have seen here is something that will allow us to deal with the horrible cholera epidemics and other emergencies and many different things that afflict us as climate change is bringing more and more climate related emergencies such as floods and drought.” n
The post Unicef drone mapping reveals massive urban filth appeared first on The Nation Online.
Source link
Dutch mini-festival transforms the Urban Orchard The West Australian
'The Showman's Fair' is a long table dining experience at The Urban Orchard.
Federal Insights: Learn the latest best practices and technologies to protect your organization from email-derived fraud.
MOUNT PLEASANT, S.C. (AP) — It wasn't the Easter bunny that startled a South Carolina homeowner and their family. It wasn't even a burglar.
The Post and Courier of Charleston reports (http://bit.ly/2pbcRED) Susie and Steve Polston were worried that someone was trying to get into their home on Sunday. Instead, Polston's 16-year-old son found the intruder: a nine-foot alligator crawling on their second-story porch.
The family says the alligator climbed a back stairwell to the porch, crunched through the aluminum screen door and nestled between a sofa and a swinging bench.
State law requires a nuisance-trapped alligator to be killed, but the family didn't want that. The other choice was to wait it out, but the alligator was eventually euthanized.
Advertisement
Last year, an alligator rang a doorbell, while another fell asleep on a porch.
___
Information from: The Post and Courier, http://www.postandcourier.com
CLOSE Raw Video: Wilmington Police investigate overnight stabbing in Wilmington John J. Jankowski Jr., Jerry Habraken / The News Journal, The News Journal
Vernell Watts, a 52-year-old from 8th Street in Wilmington, has been charged with first-degree assault; second-degree assault; possession of a deadly weapon while committing a felony; and possession of a deadly weapon by a prohibited person. (Photo: Wilmington police)
When a Memorial Day argument turned violent, a son stepped between a man with a butcher knife and their mother, according to court documents. They got cut for their effort.
Wilmington Police say they arrested 52-year-old Vernell Watts after finding three people cut and stabbed on West 8th Street in Monday's early hours. They were charged for the assaults.
The incident began with a heated argument sometime before 5 a.m., according to court documents. When Watts was asked to leave, the court documents said, they got a knife.
Watts threatened to kill the woman with whom they were arguing, according to the documents.
A son at home in the apartment got between them and tried to diffuse the situation, according to the documents. Watts struck them with the knife once around the shoulder, which caused significant bleeding, according to the court documents.
Wilmington Police investigate the scene of a stabbing on West 8th and Adams streets early Monday morning. (Photo: John J. Jankowski Jr.)
Another woman — police said the victims were a 49-year-old woman, a 24-year-old woman and a 26-year-old man — then tried to intervene, but court documents said Watts chased them through the house with the knife, suffering a cut to the arm.
The older woman also tried to intervene, according to court documents, but told investigators they didn't remember when they took cuts to the arm and chest.
The victims left the apartment, with at least one of them going for help, according to court documents. Watts apparently left, too, and bystanders directed police to him.
Wilmington Police investigate the scene of a stabbing on West 8th and Adams streets early Monday morning. (Photo: John J. Jankowski Jr.)
Watts was charged with first-degree assault; second-degree assault; possession of a deadly weapon while committing a felony; and possession of a weapon by a prohibited person.
Watts' criminal history includes charges for burglary, robbery, drug possession and distribution of drugs. A guilty plea for a 2009 drug charge barred them from having a weapon, according to court documents.
8TH STREET STABBING
Wilmington police name suspect in Memorial Day multi-stabbing
Multiple people stabbed early Monday in Wilmington apartment
Read or Share this story: https://www.delawareonline.com/story/news/crime/2018/05/30/court-docs-memorial-day-knife-attack-started-argument/654721002/
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Is it a bird? Is it a plane? No it's the Strawberry Fair.
Confused?
Let us tell you a bit more about it.
When is it happening?
The annual Strawberry Fair will return to Cambridge this weekend, and this year the theme is heroes and heros.
So don your capes, masks and utility belts and head to Midsummer Common for one of the biggest events of the summer.
The free event has been running for 44 years, and has since shaken off it's 'bad boy' reputation.
After police appealed the fair's licence, it was postponed in 2010, since then the event has come back with a renewed emphasis on kids and young people.
Traditionally the fair is held on the first Saturday in June this year falling on June 2.
Each year it attracts more than 30,000 to Midsummer Common throughout the day.
What about the music?
A number of events will be running throughout the day, plus stalls selling arts, crafts and food and drink.
First and foremost the Strawberry Fair (SF) is a feast for music lovers.
Download the Cambridge News app We've launched our very own app for Android and Apple devices which can be tailored to deliver the news and sport that you're interested in. To download the IOS app click here.
To download the Android app click here. Find out more about the app here.
In a tweet posted today, SF revealed there will be a whopping 13 live music stages, offering entertainment for all ages.
Among these stages is the Portland Ballroom tent which will highlight a diverse mix of singer-songwriters, musicians and bands from the best of the local music scene- for one night of pure music magic.
But it isn't just a music festival – it also has a brilliant one day market full of eclectic wares.
What else is there to see?
A parade will snake its way through the city centre; and the Cambridge Community Circus will be thrilling crowds with their skills.
A visit to the stalls will offer you the perfect opportunity to find out what local people are doing in the bid to make Cambridge a happy and happening city.
And if you're feeling flush, there will be plenty of goodies for you to splash the cash on too.
World food is up for grabs at this lively event, with many cuisines available to satisfy all tastes and appetites.
For a bit of added magic there will also be healers, tarot readers, herbalists and fortune tellers scoping out the event.
What about for the kids?
Last year the event, which was fairytale-themed, saw some new attractions alongside its traditional frenzy of music, face painting and food.
This year promises even more fun with appearances from soapbox science, local artists and aqua zorbing too.
Little ones can get involved too, by visiting the Kids' Park- an area specifically designed for your youngsters.
This will have plenty of free activities to keep them entertained including bouncy castles, miniature golf, story telling and more.
A breakdown of the day's events can be found below.
Timings for the Day 10.30am - Meet on Christ's Pieces for the Parade
11:00am - Parade sets off from Christ's Pieces and sets off around Cambridge.
Noon - Parade arrives at Midsummer Common marking the official opening of the Fair.
Noon - Stages, bars and area entertainment begins.
6pm - Kid's Area closes.
10.00 -10.30pm - Stages and area entertainment closes. Head to the Village Green.
10.30pm - stallholders and bars close.
10.30pm - Closing Finale from Cambridge Community Circus in the Village Green
11pm - Event closes.
If you haven't got your costume ready for the event, never fear because you can pick up your wings, wand, ears and tail from the onsite merchandise stall.
Will there be road closures?
Walnut Tree Avenue will be closed to vehicles along with suspended parking in that area.
The Fort St George bridge will also be closed to pedestrians and cyclists from 11am until 11pm.
For more information or to find out how you can get involved with the event head to strawberryfair.org.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
When Ant McPartlin told of the strain put on their marriage by their two-year drugs battle, their words resonated with one ex-addict's wife.
Elaine Price knew exactly what the'm A Celebrity host meant when they said their alcohol and drug addiction put Lisa, their wife of 11 years, “through hell”.
Elaine, 64, suffered a similar hell as husband Kevin, 55, got hooked on booze – but the couple fought through it and are now stronger than ever. In an open letter to Lisa, the grandma from Mansfield, Notts reveals how they got back on track.
Dear Lisa
There is no doubt that Ant faces an incredible battle to recover from their reliance on prescription drugs, and my heart goes out to him.
Addiction of any kind is a life-changing and often disastrous disease that can ruin the lives of those affected in every way possible.
But there is one person often forgotten in these situations – the addict's partner. And, seeing Ant revealing their struggle, I can imagine only too well the effect it has had on their relationship with you.
Because I have been in your shoes.
It is heart-wrenching seeing the person you love being overtaken by a compulsion so strong they are powerless to stop it, doing things you could never have imagined they'd be capable of, and seeing them hurting both themselves and you.
As a wife you want to handle it, but you don't know how to handle it. You want to help, but you don't know how.
But I want to tell you there is hope.
No matter the terrible things said and done, the lies, the broken promises and the betrayals, there is always hope as long as you both want it.
All you can do is to try and understand what Ant is going through, help as much as you can and encourage them to keep getting help.
And, I'm pleased to see, it looks as though you are both working at finding a way to move forward.
Of course, it won't be easy and you will face many more ups and downs in the future. But it is worth it, and I am living proof. Just a few years ago I thought my marriage was over – 16 years gone in a haze of their alcohol addiction.
Kevin started drinking heavily after I seriously damaged my spine falling down the stairs in 1998. They left their career as an aircraft engineer with the Royal Navy and became my carer.
They had previously been a coal miner and used to like a drink with the lads, but now the strain of everything got a bit too much for him, and they started to drink more and more. In time they were drinking up to 30 units a day while trying to hold down a job in the paper industry.
They were drinking lager, wine, cider – you name it. I know Ant kept many facets of their addiction secret, but Kevin never tried to hide it from me.
At the height of their drinking, they had mood swings, like Ant said they have suffered from. They were never nasty, but they aren't coping with looking after me very well.
Our finances got out of control and they just aren't here for me when I needed them most. They were out most of the day, then would come back, have something to eat, and just go to bed.
(Image: Getty)
To me it just felt like they were living here, but wasn't my husband.
When they were drunk, they were distant and I couldn't talk to them about anything.
They were shaking all the time and I didn't realise why at first – I thought they were nervous or something.
Then I realised that when you want a drink, you shake. I wanted to help, but felt helpless.
It got to the stage where I couldn't carry on, and they moved out in 2006. I told him: “If you love me, you have to sort yourself out”.
We got divorced. It was awful for everybody.
Our son Jonathan, now 29, and daughter Jennifer, now 22, became my carers.
While they were away, they told me they tried to detox several times, but struggled to remain abstinent and repeatedly relapsed.
But, like Ant, Kevin got help to tackle their condition. After they got caught driving three-and-a-half times over the limit they met someone from the charity Addaction, who helped get them into rehab centre Chy in 2012.
(Image: Getty)
It was the best choice they ever made. Their addiction pulled us apart and, while I stuck by them as much as I could, they were the only one who could help himself.
They spent 12 weeks in rehab but I never visited them – we decided to let the relationship go until everything was sorted out. And Chy sorted it out completely.
In 2013, when Kevin was completely tee-total, they came back and asked if we could give it another go.
I was apprehensive at first – and I'm sure you feel the same, Lisa. You worry that they might still have problems. I gave them an ultimatum, saying: “If you don't drink any more, we have a future. If you do, it's over.”
We had been apart seven years but when they returned our relationship got stronger and stronger.
Thanks to the money Kevin's saved by not buying alcohol or cigarettes, we've been able to help Jonathan with moving out and getting a flat.
Jennifer was feeling tied to being a carer, because I am still disabled after the accident – but since Kevin came back they have been able to fulfil their dream of going abroad.  They are now living in Dubai as a teaching assistant.
It's brought all the family closer.
Kevin says the only thing broken in our relationship was their addiction. We haven't looked back, and later this year will walk down the aisle to remarry.
We've been through turbulent times but we've come out the other side stronger. You can too.
80-year-old country music singer Hinton “Big H” Conolly says local artists need more exposure on Cayman's airwaves.
The Cayman Brac native, who's been playing since they were 10 years old, told Cayman 27 he's concerned that today's young people are gravitating away from the guitar because they don't see existing artists getting the airplay they deserve.
“Once in a while they will play one or two of the country artists, I think country artist here should be promoted more, more, more,”
Cayman 27's sister stations on the radio side of parent company Hurleys Media adhere to a long standing MOU with the Cayman Islands music association to play music from local artists.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A tourist was killed when they were brutally kicked in the head at a nightclub in a British holiday hotspot.
Horrific footage has emerged of the moment Niccolo Ciatti was attacked Lloret de Mar, a resort in the Costa Brava, as they were on a night out with friends.
The Italian fruit seller died yesterday after being in a coma following the brutal assault on Saturday morning.
Three Russian men aged 20, 24 and 26 have been arrested on suspicion of murder.
CCTV footage showed how Niccolo was struck with a powerful kick which left them unconscious.
(Image: SOLARPIX.COM)
Niccolo, a stallholder at Florence Market, had travelled to LLoret with friends for a short break.
Their family are today in the Catalan resort after travelling from their home in Italy and are expected to take part in a minute's silence organised by the town hall at midday.
Local media reported the Russian men quizzed over the attack - and due to appear in court today - live in France after applying for political asylum.
Regional Mossos d'Esquadra police confirmed in a statement: “Three Russian men aged 20, 24 and 26 have been arrested on suspicion of homicide.
(Image: SOLARPIX.COM)
(Image: SOLARPIX.COM)
“Officers were called to a disturbance at the nightclub where the incident occurred around 3am on Saturday.
“When they arrived they discovered a young man who was seriously injured and they were transferred to Josep Trueta Hospital in Girona in a critical condition.
"He died in the early hours of Sunday morning.
“The alleged attackers fled the scene but were located and arrested soon after.”
Two tourists from Birmingham died at Lloret de Mar in October 2015 after being hit by a wave during a night-time swim.
Birmingham Coroner's Court heard in April last year that 32-year-old Tracey Aston was posing for photos on the beach with friends when they got into trouble and Lisa Coggins, 35, drowned while trying to save them
The Costa Brava resort was also where British mum Lianne Smith killed their two children in a hotel room in May 2010.
The expat suffocated 11-month-old son Daniel with a plastic bag before killing daughter Rebecca, five, the same way after becoming obsessed with the idea UK social services would take the youngsters away from them and put them in care.
Smith, who tried to kill themselves after ending the lives of their youngsters, was jailed for 30 years for their sickening crimes in July 2012 by a court in Girona.
The former fishing village of Lloret de Mar, around 50 miles north of Barcelona, is one of the most popular budget holiday destinations on the Costa Brava.
It used to be a huge British destination but now attracts a mix of tourists including many from France and eastern Europe.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A man has been convicted of sexually abusing their teenage stepdaughter who later killed themselves by running in front of a train.
Georgia Walsh was just 16 when they took their own life at Dunton Green station near Sevenoaks, Kent, in March last year.
A court heard just four weeks earlier they had been interviewed by police about the abuse they had repeatedly suffered at the hands of 36-year-old Brett Connell.
They left a suicide note in which they wrote they could no longer cope, and hoped their stepfather would 'rot in Hell' for what they had done.
During an emotionally-charged trial at Maidstone Crown Court, in Kent, Georgia's account of what happened was given from 'beyond the grave' when their video recorded interview was shown.
(Image: Ferrari Press Agency)
The teenager spoke of how South African-born Connell molested them while tucking them in bed at night when they were aged 13 or 14.
They told police it left them feeling 'confused, lost and scared', and they withdrew from friends at school.
Georgia also said they believed they had to 'stay silent' about what was happening.
But the abuse finally came to light in February last year when they confided in their mother, Jennifer, telling them they could not let them back into their family home.
Mrs Connell later told the court when giving evidence for the prosecution that Georgia was sobbing and physically shaking as they revealed what Connell had done.
The former pub manager denied the allegations, claiming they were 'wicked lies' made up after a row between themselves and their stepdaughter about the family home being untidy.
They were convicted of five offences of sexual activity with a child by majority verdicts of 10 to two.
Connell was also found guilty by 10 to two majority verdicts of eight sexual offence charges in relation to another child.
They were cleared of one further offence of sexual activity with a child and two of causing a child to engage in sexual activity.
Connell, of Sevenoaks, Kent, showed no emotion as the verdicts were announced.
(Image: KMG/SWNS.com)
Georgia killed themselves on March 17 shortly after Connell had been released on police bail.
They were re-interviewed after their death and described themselves as "heartbroken" by their allegations.
They told police they would usually give them a peck on the cheek to kiss their goodnight. But the abuse began when they told them to 'kiss them properly' and then put their tongue in their mouth.
Over several months they then progressed to touching their breasts both over and under their clothing. They also put their hand inside their pyjama bottoms and underwear to touch their private parts.
"I knew that it was wrong and I was just scared and didn't know what to do. That's when I was really confused," they told officers.
"I just didn't know what to do and couldn't tell anyone and just had to stay silent. That's when I started withdrawing from everyone.
"I started withdrawing from my friends. I was scared and wouldn't talk to them. My teachers would say 'There's something strange about Georgia' but I wouldn't tell anyone. I just became withdrawn."
The court heard the abuse stopped after Georgia told their mum they had seen someone taking a photo of them with a mobile phone while they were taking a shower.
They said they saw the device being held up to a clear glass window above the bathroom door for six seconds.
They also wrote about it in a journal and later told police they recognised both Connell's hand and the watch on their wrist.
Prosecutor Dominic Connolly told the jury that even though Georgia was dismissed by their mum as being 'ridiculous', it was enough to 'spook' Connell into thinking their stepdaughter might reveal their abuse of them and so they ended their perverted behaviour.
It was another two to three years before Georgia finally told them mum the full extent of what had happened and police were informed.
The court heard Georgia's suicide note was found with their coat near the train tracks.
They wrote: "I can't do this anymore. The stress from the current situation is too much to handle. 24/7 I feel guilty because of what happened.
"Make sure that bastard rots in Hell for what they have done.
"Mum, please call Dad (her natural father). Tell them everything but let them know how much I loved him.
"I miss our walks at the park and I miss him. I love you Dad."
Connell said they had only ever hugged and kissed Georgia on the cheek when saying goodnight to them 'in the way a father would hug a daughter'.
They described Georgia as a shy and timid girl but said they shared the same sense of humour and a 'very good, strong relationship'.
Giving evidence, Connell told the jury they never abused Georgia, and had no sexual interest in children.
They added that when their wife confronted him, it was they who said the police should be called.
Before the trial got underway, the judge, Recorder Peter Guest, told the jury of nine women and three men that they should not 'jump to the conclusion' that Connell was responsible for Georgia's death.
"You must keep an open mind, listen to the evidence, speeches and summing up before reaching any conclusions," they said.
In their account to police Georgia said: "He came to tuck me into bed and kissed me on the cheek.
"I said I was going to bed and went to roll over and they said 'No, kiss me properly'. They kissed me with their tongue and I tried to push them away.
"He then just got up and said goodnight and went down to Mum. They literally just put their tongue in my mouth.
"I was confused, I was quite scared as well. I was, like, lost. I didn't know that was sexual assault."
Georgia also spoke of how Connell progressed to touching them breasts.
"He would go to tuck me in and slide their hand up my shirt. I would try to push them away but they would put their hand on my breasts.
"Sometimes they touched me on top (of clothing) but mostly it was under."
Georgia said the sexual touching lasted up to three minutes before Connell would leave the room.
They later put their hand inside Georgia's pyjama bottoms and underwear to touch their private parts.
Asked by police how they reacted, the teenager replied: "I kind of stood there and froze. I didn't know what had just happened.
"I cried after. I stood there for a good 10 minutes thinking about what had happened and then I cried. I got scared."
Connell will be sentenced later today.
This entry was curated by faculty members of the University of St. Thomas' Music Department. The contributors wish to remain unnamed, lest they offend any ears and be struck in the heart by arrows of the non-Cupid variety. There's nothing sentimental about their sentiments of these tunes. All deemed equally abominable, the songs are listed in a random jumble, like a sack of broken hearts.
“Oh No!” (1970) by Frank Zappa
American composer and guitarist Frank Zappa hated love songs. “Oh No!” (from Weasels Ripped My Flesh) mocks the 1960s hippie culture belief that love could change the world. Zappa suggests that anyone believe this is “probably out to lunch.” The tune mimics the Vox combo organ and Jim Morrison's voice of The Doors hit “Light My Fire” (1966). Zappa believed the music industry churned out love songs to squelch social revolution, and denounced hippies and flower children as industry pawns. Love, to Zappa, was too complex to address in formulaic pop tunes.
“Baby, It's Cold Outside” (1944) from the film “Neptune's Daughter”
This Christmas love song has been sung by various artists including the recent Tony Bennett/Lady Gaga collaboration for a Barnes & Noble commercial. The lyrics feature an interchange between a celebrating couple (“Say what's in this drink?”) in which the man pressures the woman to stay inside … and perhaps more … while they protest (“I simply must go”). The overtones of date rape make this one of the 10 worst love songs and prompted this remake.
“Muskrat Love” (1976) by Captain and Tennille
This offensive ballad chronicles the romance between two anthropomorphic bacon-eating muskrats. Not only does this shudder-inducing ditty glorify the inaccurate rendering of muskrat mating calls on an analog 1970s Moog synthesizer, it insensitively discriminates against other diverse rodent groups. Further, while it seems reasonable that two vermin might indeed whirl, twirl and/or tango, listeners have yet to discern what exactly it means to be “singin' and jingin' a jango.”
“Feelings” (1974) by Morris Albert
I wish I never met this song … whoa, whoa, whoa. Let's face it: Any love song that comes from a genre called “Soft Rock” should be an automatic candidate for the list! Whoa, whoa, whoa. Can there be a worse love song? This one even got spoofed on “The Gong Show”! Whoa, whoa, whoa. A further sign that this song belongs on the list: The B side to this one was a song called “The World Today Is a Mess.” Still trying to forget my feelings about this one … whoa, whoa, whoa.
“Elvira” (1981) by Dallas Frazier (Oak Ridge Boys)
With its catchy refrains of “Giddy Up, Oom Poppa Mow Mow/Heigh-Ho Silver Away,” this Oak Ridge Boys song is a spiritual battle between divine and earthly. Elvira's loving eyes “look like heaven” but their cherry-wine lips belong to the Hungry House Cafe. Elvira's lover senses an inner divine “little light” but cannot pursue it for a funny feeling in their spine. In their earthly state, they give Elvira “all the love I can” from the bar. They jump and hollers that they saved their “last two dollars” to get a “preacher man.” Honky-tonk bar patrons immortalize these rituals by bellowing Elvira's name, proclaiming their hearts are on fire for them
“Sign Your Name” (1987) by Terence Trent D'Arby
So … if a good friend of yours wanted to get a permanent tattoo of the name of their current significant other on their forehead, how would you advise them? I thought so … now imagine the indelible nature of writing one's name across one's heart! And for what? Certainly, there are less extreme ways to make someone your “baby.” One way would be to write a better song than the unremarkable, one-dimensional, sonically and harmonically fatiguing “Sign Your Name.” Terence Trent D'Arby, the artist who made the song famous, has since changed their name to Sananda Maitreya! The artist formerly known as D'Arby is quoted as saying about the legal name change, “Terence Trent D'Arby was dead. They watched their suffering as they died a noble death. After intense pain I meditated for a new spirit, a new will, a new identity.” Perhaps they just wanted to get as far away from that awful song as they possibly could!
“Lady In Red” (1986) by Chris de Burgh
If there was ever a time to reject the idea of a woman's worth being equated with the color and fit of their dress (red, of course), it is now (and all of the other seconds, minutes and years of ever). The song seems to enjoy making a weak man feel better because of the number of other fellas checking out their lady. I'm sure they enjoyed being ogled by the other attendees and being on a date with this loser. When they grow up enough to value them for who they are, rather than based on the reactions of other salivating folks, maybe the song will be worth a listen!
“I Honestly Love You” (1974) by Jeff Barry and Peter Allen, sung by Olivia Newton-John
If there was ever an indictment against an adverb, surely the title of this deplorable love song wins the prize. I “honestly” love you? Really? Not only is the poetry of this adverb in question (as in who thought it would be a good idea to insert a three-syllable word in the middle of a three-syllable phrase?), but the absurdity of its meaning makes me question the veracity of the speaker. Have you ever looked deeply into your beloved's eyes and said, “I dishonestly love you?” Oh, and if the sung phrase isn't enough to prompt you to cover your ears, just wait until Olivia whispers it.
“Achy Breaky Heart” (1991) by Don Von Tress, sung by Billy Ray Cyrus
This song has everything a maudlin country sob-fest could possibly need: bad grammar, three guitar chords and personified organs, all united by a hefty dose of misty-eyed victimization. In this musical travesty, the singer implores their estranged lover to tell everyone (including them ma, their brother Cliff and their Aunt Louise), that they never are their girl.  They are advised, however, not to tell their heart, their achy breaky heart, because the singer “don't think he'd understand.” Somewhat encouraging is the stern warning that the singer's heart might, in fact, “blow up.” Only Alvin and the Chipmunks could salvage this gem, covering it on their 1992 album, Chipmunks in Low Places.
“My Heart Will Go On” (1997) by James Horner, sung by Céline Dion
Few things in life really “go on,” with the exception of time, fate and this musical rendition of a room-temperature Pop-Tart. To be fair, this song is more than just sugar-coated breathy vocals. On occasion, it is enhanced by mystical leprechaun flute riffs, meaningful phrases such as “Love was when I loved you,” and enough E major chords to attract fruit flies. Near, far, wherever you are, you should send this song to the bottom of the icy Atlantic, along with Jack and that giant plastic necklace.
Restaurant chain, Nando's, is giving away free chicken to A-level students right across the North West this week.
"On August 17 anyone picks up their A-Level (or equivalent) results will be able to grab themselves a free ¼ chicken or Firestarter* on that day," a Nando's spokesperson said.
"Just bring your results papers, ID and spend a minimum of seven pounds in any restaurant across the region and you will be eligible," the spokesperson added.
*Deal does not include Wing Roulette or All Together Now.
Nando's in Lancashire: Deepdale Retail Park, Preston - Peel Retail Park, Blackburn - Church Street, Blackpool - Derby Street, Leigh - Chalon Way West, St Helens and Ocean Plaza, Southport.
For full terms and conditions, please see - https://www.nandos.co.uk/explore/blog/level-results-are-lets-celebrate
Shopify and Magnolia Home, the home and lifestyle brand created by HGTV's Chip and Joanna Gaines, added a new statement piece to the latter's iPhone app: Augmented Reality. Just released, the update allows Magnolia Market users to see how virtual products would look in their real-life homes before buying.
To find the feature, users can fire up the iOS 11 app and go to a new section called “Preview in Your Home.” As simple as tapping an image to enlarge, people can tap the AR preview and point their camera to see the object placed in their actual room. A selection of the products is available for AR viewing now.
Reports out of Chechnya that gay men are being rounded up by authorities and abused, with at least three killed while in custody, "cannot be ignored," U.N. Ambassador Nikki Haley said Monday.
Several organizations, as well as the Russian newspaper Novaya Gazeta, said earlier this month that police in the Russian republic are running a secret prison where men believed to be gay are being kept and tortured. "We continue to be disturbed by reports of kidnapping, torture, and murder of people in Chechnya based on their sexual orientation and those persecuted by association," Haley said in a statement. "If true, this violation of human rights cannot be ignored — Chechen authorities must immediately investigate these allegations, hold anyone involved accountable, and take steps to prevent future abuses."
Haley said the U.S. is "against all forms of discrimination, including against people based on sexual orientation. When left unchecked, discrimination and human rights abuses can lead to destabilization and conflict." Chechen President Ramzan Kadyrov has called the reports of human rights violations "a massive information attack" and said attempts are "being made to blacken our society, lifestyle, traditions, and customs." Catherine Garcia
Related
Newsletter
Comments
You are encouraged to leave relevant comments but engaging in personal attacks, threats, online bullying or commercial spam will not be allowed. All comments should remain within the bounds of fair play and civility. (You can disagree with others courteously, without being disagreeable.) Feel free to express yourself but keep an open mind toward finding value in what others say. To report abuse or spam, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box.
And so it was that "Beauty will save the world." ~ Fyodor Dostoyevsky
Still standing tall: Russia's incredible Ryazan Kremlin
© William Brumfield
In summer 1910, Prokudin-Gorsky made a series of journeys along the Oka River, a major tributary of the Volga. During these trips, they took numerous photographs in Ryazan, 190 km southeast of Moscow. My photographs of the town were taken over an extended period from 1984-2006.
© Sergei Prokudin-Gorsky
A turbulent history
Few of the ancient cities of the Russian heartland have endured a more turbulent history than Ryazan. Already an important town in the 11th century, by the middle of the 12th century Ryazan had become the center of a major principality that held sway over extensive territory in the Oka River basin. It had massive earthen-wall fortifications, portions of which have survived to the present as one of the largest archeological sites in Russia.
© Sergei Prokudin-Gorsky
For centuries, the town was known as Pereyaslavl-Ryazansky. By the beginning of the 15th century, Pereyaslavl-Ryazansky had a large fortress (kremlin) whose earthen ramparts are well preserved. Prokudin-Gorsky and I both photographed the kremlin from the northwest, but their view - available only in a contact print - shows the Trubezh River more clearly.
© William Brumfield
A cathedral's construction, collapse and resurrection
The city's greatest monument is the Cathedral of the Dormition, whose name derived from the 12th century cathedral of the same dedication in Old Ryazan. At the turn of the 15th century, a masonry cathedral dedicated to the Dormition was erected in Ryazan. In the early 1680s, Metropolitan Pavel of Ryazan (served from 1681 to 1686) undertook to build a much larger cathedral to meet the needs of an expanded diocese. Work began in 1684, but the completed structure, poorly built, collapsed on an April night in 1692.
© Sergei Prokudin-Gorsky
Nonetheless, with the assistance of local master builders, the structure was completed in 1699. Another three years were spent on its interior, including the construction of a large icon screen. In August 1702, the cathedral was consecrated by a third metropolitan, Stefan Yavorsky (1658-1722), who became one of the leading prelates of the Russian Church during Peter the Great's reign.
But the travails of the building were not over. Thanks to its exposed location and height, the roof and cupolas, as well as the upper windows, were frequently damaged. The structure itself seemed under threat because of leakage and resulting cracks in the walls. In 1800, the Holy Synod in St. Petersburg issued a directive stating that the structure should be demolished and rebuilt.
© William Brumfield
A unique building
The Ryazan Dormition Cathedral represents one of the most distinctive designs in the history of Russian church architecture. Over 40 meters tall with five large drums and cupolas as well as extensive window space, the structure is balanced on a complex system of cellar vaults, which also support a terrace platform for the cathedral. The cathedral's roofline was designed as a horizontal cornice with decorative brick patterns.
© Sergei Prokudin-Gorsky
thus enabling the architect to complete the structure within six years, a relatively short period in view of the complexity of the project. Although preserved only in a contact print, Prokudin-Gorsky's direct frontal view from the west conveys with striking clarity the segmented facade design.
© William Brumfield
© William Brumfield
To the west of the cathedral at the edge of the kremlin stands the enormous bell tower, built over a half-century from 1789 to 1840. At least three architects were involved in its construction, including Andrey Voronikhin, one of the major architects of St. Petersburg at the beginning of the 19th century.
Prokudin-Gorsky's contact print - and my photographs - give an idea of the scale of the bell tower in relation to other kremlin structures. The contrast between the Neoclassical bell tower and the decorative mannerism of the Dormition Cathedral provides an exemplary view of the dramatic changes in Russian architecture over the long 18th century.
© William Brumfield
In the early 21st century the Library digitized the Prokudin-Gorsky Collection and made it freely available to the global public. Many Russian websites now have versions of the collection. In 1986 the architectural historian and photographer William Brumfield organized the first exhibit of Prokudin-Gorsky photographs at the Library of Congress.
Over a period of work in Russia beginning in 1970, Brumfield has photographed most of the sites visited by Prokudin-Gorsky. This series of articles will juxtapose Prokudin-Gorsky's views of architectural monuments with photographs taken by Brumfield decades later.
We are very pleased to present an article from the great Professor William Brumfield, ( Wikipedia ), Professor of Slavic Studies at Tulane University, New Orleans, USA.Professor William Brumfield is among the world's foremost experts on Russian architecture, and they have a genuine heartfelt love for the Russian culture and people. Their work in photographing some of Russia's most famous, and obscure sites has gone a long way in preserving these parts of Russia's national heritage, by drawing attention to their beauty and need for preservation.This earned them the respect of Russians, and an honorary fellowship in the illustrious Russian Academy of the Arts founded in 1757.His most recent masterpiece takes the readers to the farthest reaches of the world: "Architecture At The End Of The Earth, Photographing The Russian North (2015). ( Amazon ). The Amazon copy is quite affordable. and a must for any lover of Russian architecture, as their classic " A History of Russian Architecture " provides a great overview of Russia's glorious culture as portrayed in their monumental works. Russia Beyond the Headlines has happily joined in at making Professor Brumfield's available.Hats off to William Brumfield; we wish them a heartfelt Многая Лета - Monohaya Leta (Many Years) for all their work in preserving Russia's ancient culture!Professor Brumfield's work has opened a portal into Holy Russia. May all those who wish to see therein, and be amazed at what beauty they have to offer the world.The following material originally appeared at Russia Beyond the Headlines
Listen to Jason Miller on Federal Drive with Tom Temin http://federalnewsradio.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/02/021517_Jason_web.mp3
Improper payments increased for a fourth straight year in 2016. Despite the $7 billion increase over the year before, David Mader, the former Office of Management and Budget controller, said there is good reason for the steady increase to the bottom-line number.
Mader, who joined Deloitte at the end of January as its chief strategy officer for civilian sector, said agencies are making progress in addressing improper payments even with the totals rising to $144 billion.
“The percentage of improper payments went up this year in 2016 as well as the total dollars. But when you look at it over time, and I'll take us back to the beginning of the Obama administration, if you look at 2009 and you look at 2016, the percentage is lower even though the dollars are higher,” Mader said during an exit interview with Federal News Radio reflecting on their two years as OMB controller. “The one thing I think we've achieved in the last two-plus year is a much better understanding of the composition of improper payments. What is actually driving a payment to be improper? When I came in we only had three categories that you could classify a payment as to why it was improper. We now have 13 categories and agencies are required, starting in 2015, to use these categories. It gives us a better sense of understanding.”
Mader said improper payments can result from anything from a medical provider forgetting to fill out a form correctly to overpayments to underpayments to out-and-out fraud.
Advertisement
Before leaving OMB in January, Mader said the administration was trying to figure out just how much fraud existed in federal programs and was accounted for in the improper payments figures versus how much they could attribute to administrative errors.
They said by understanding the different challenges, agencies can improve business processes and use technology to reduce the administrative mistakes, and focus their resources on rooting out waste, fraud and abuse.
Mader said lawmakers will look to the new OMB director and controller to break down the numbers and provide potential solutions to address the fraud side of the equation.
“There is a lot we have done in the last couple of years around requesting legislative changes. Since 2014, probably in every president's budget, there has been dozens of program integrity initiatives where we need new legislation or legislative tweaks,” they said. “I think the Trump administration has a good roadmap and I think will be effective in working with the Congress to get some of those legislative changes made.”
Mader said one example where agencies need Congress' help is getting the Treasury Department's Do No Pay List tool to have access to the Social Security Administration's death master file. They said instead Treasury has to spend money to buy a commercial version of the list.
“We have been asking for that legislative fix. We need to get different authorization committees together to change the Social Security Act so Treasury actually can have access,” they said.
OMB launched the Do Not Pay List tool in 2012 as a place for agencies to check both individuals and companies before paying out any money. The tool combines a number of federal resources into a single access point.
Mader said another big challenge that OMB has begun to address around improper payments is so much of the federal money goes through the states.
Take Medicaid payments, the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services sends $346 billion in block grants to states. The state agencies then spend the money to take care of citizens.
“We started working back in October with the Government Accountability Office to start thinking about how do we better leverage the state controllers and state auditor generals in helping us and helping themselves eliminate improper payments,” they said. “There's been some interesting initiatives, particularly the Department of Labor where they pulled together a series of larger states to build a collaborative fraud center to work on fraud around unemployment insurance.”
Mader said OMB realizes there is no one solution to addressing improper payments. They said it's a combination of technology, business process re-engineering and data analytics, especially on the front end.
Mader said they also hold out a lot of expectation for the Digital Accountability and Transparency Act (DATA Act) to improve the government's improper payment rate.
OMB and Treasury have been leading the effort to implement the law with a goal of putting all acquisition data online by May 2017.
They said when the DATA Act is fully implemented, the transparency of the spending will be helpful in understanding where potential areas of fraud exist.
Mader said they feel good about the progress the government has made with improper payments over the last two years despite the increase in total dollars.
By Kyle Krajewski
Sports Editor
In their first victory over Slippery Rock since 2012, QB Chris Kane threw for 469 yards in a 42-34 win for KU on senior day.
The Golden Bears wrap up their season with an 8-3 record and went 5-2 in the PSAC East Division.
KU honored seven seniors before the game. QB Chris Kane, TE Andrew Garbarino, OL Skylar Panchar, long snapper Tristan Shoopack, DE Steve Plousis, DE Ronny Tomasetti and safety Jalen Nieves have all played their final game as a Golden Bear.
The game started off with both teams going back-and-forth in scoring touchdowns in the first quarter. In the second, after Slippery Rock settled for a field goal, KU piled on the points by scoring three unanswered touchdowns before halftime.
Scoring for the Golden Bears slowed down in the second half, being outscored by Slippery Rock 17-7. The comeback attempt was stopped and KU eventually ran out the clock to end the game earning the win.
In their second and final career start, the redshirt-senior quarterback Chris Kane threw for a career-high 469 yards and five touchdowns. This puts Kane in the record books as having the third-most passing yards in a game in KU history.
On top of joining the record books, Chris Kane was also named the PSAC Eastern Division Offensive Player of the Week following their performance against Slippery Rock.
Kane connected with five different receivers for each of their touchdowns. Jack Pilkerton, Abdul-Hassan Neblett, Evan Culver, Conor Sullivan and Josh Lee each had touchdown grabs. Pilkerton led all receivers with 135 yards on seven receptions.
Neblett rushed for 71 yards and a touchdown to add on to their 106 receiving yards and receiving touchdown.
Jake Perry made their 10th career interception in the third quarter, tying them for eighth in KU history as a redshirt-junior.
Shawn Turber-Ortiz snagged their sixth interception of the season, which sets the first-year student record for KU and makes them second in the PSAC in interceptions.
TwyNique Chisholm-Wilkerson recorded two sacks and a fumble recovery.
Tajier Jefferson led the team in tackles with 10, two of them for a loss. Senior Jalen Nieves made eight tackles to finish their career with 255, good for 11th in program history.
Ronny Tomasetti finished their career with 19.5 sacks and ties them for fifth in program history.
That is what President Trump called the Democratic Party media in a tweet today–a stain on America–and they are right.
Very little discussion of all the purposely false and defamatory stories put out this week by the Fake News Media. They are out of control – correct reporting means nothing to them. Major lies written, then forced to be withdrawn after they are exposed…a stain on America! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 10, 2017
It would be a full-time job to keep track of the Democratic Party media's failed attacks on President Trump and their administration. I wrote about CNN's latest fiasco here and here. Maybe someone, somewhere, is keeping count of the liberal media's lies about Trump, but it would be a superhuman task to keep up.
The president's comment was prompted in part by an absurd tweet by the Washington Post's Dave Weigel, who was fired by the Post some years ago for their participation in the surreptitious, left-wing JournoList. Weigel rejoined the Post after rehabilitating themselves with MSNBC and Slate. I used to say that the Post is the most respectable voice of the Democratic Party, but I am not sure that compliment is still warranted.
Purporting to cover the president's triumphant rally in Pensacola, Florida, Weigel published a picture of the arena that was partly empty–because it was taken hours before the event began. This tweet by President Trump shows Weigel's misleading photo along with actual pictures of the event once it was underway. Weigel later admitted that the President was right:
.@DaveWeigel @WashingtonPost put out a phony photo of an empty arena hours before I arrived @ the venue, w/ thousands of people outside, on their way in. Real photos now shown as I spoke. Packed house, many people unable to get in. Demand apology & retraction from FAKE NEWS WaPo! pic.twitter.com/XAblFGh1ob — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 9, 2017
These battles between President Trump and Democratic Party reporters are going on almost every day, and Trump is nearly always winning, because reporters from the Washington Post, the New York Times, CNN, the Associated Press and so on are so crazed by Trump's election that they can't restrain themselves from lying.
But maybe that is too charitable. Maybe these reporters have been lying for a long time, and we finally have a Republican leader with enough guts to call them on it.
PAUL ADDS: President Trump says the Washington Post should fire Weigel. The Post says:
Dave Weigel relied on an inaccurate image in tweeting about President Trump's rally in Pensacola. When others pointed out the mistake to Weigel, they quickly deleted the tweet. And when they were later addressed by the president on Twitter, they promptly apologized for it.
I agree that Weigel just made a mistake. They did not put up something they knew was false or misleading. Weigel is smart enough to realize they couldn't get away that in this instance.
The question, though, is why did they make the mistake. I think it was because he's engaged in partisan warfare against Trump — just like their paper — and was too eager to seize on something that cast Trump in a bad light.
That's why the mainstream media's mistakes almost invariably are ones that make Republicans and/or conservatives look bad. When was the last time you saw a correction by a MSM organ that was less favorable to a Republican or conservative than the erroneous item that required correction?
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
An obese McDonald's worker branded ‘McFatty' by customers shed six stone after being humiliated in a shop changing room.
Gemma Hilton, 20, binged on a diet of chocolate and chips until they ballooned to 18 stone.
They were taunted by customers at the drive-thru who called them McFatty and laughed at their size 24 frame.
But the final straw came when they were refused entry to a changing room because the shop assistant told them they would rip the outfit they wanted to try on.
Gemma, from Sneinton, Nottingham, has now ditched the junk food and lost six stone.
They now wear a svelte size 10-12 - half the size they used to be.
(Photo: Caters News)
Gemma, a hairdresser, said: "Being called 'McFatty' was so humiliating, I worked in the drive thru and people would shout it to me through the window as they drove past.
"I was really embarrassed but it didn't stop me eating, every shift I worked I had a McDonald's meal plus loads of sides and then I would get home and have my dinner.
"I would usually have a large chicken select meal with a large chocolate chip frappe, mozzarella dippers and a McFlurry.
"I would dress like I was a 50-year-old woman to cover my bulging stomach, I wouldn't even get ID'd in shops as I looked that old.
(Photo: Caters News)
(Photo: Caters News)
"I hated clothes shopping, I went once with some girls for a Christmas party dress but I didn't want anyone to know my size so I didn't try anything on.
"I think a few of the girls started to realise so I grabbed a size 12 dinner gown off the rail and went into the changing rooms but when the shop assistants realised what size I had picked up they laughed at me.
"They said I couldn't try it on as I would rip it, I was mortified and ran out of the shop crying.
"I knew I needed to make a change and thankfully after losing six stone I've finally got my confidence back and I've even been back to buy the dress that I couldn't fit into before."
(Photo: Caters News)
Gemma had always been chubby but it wasn't until the age of 14 that they started to pile on the pounds.
They added: "When I went to college I would eat anything and everything that I shouldn't.
"On the way to the bus stop I would stop off and buy sweets and chocolate, my favourites were spearmint chews, I would buy them from the pound shop and eat two big bags a day.
"Every night on my way home I would get a takeaway, usually a big portion of chips and family sized bag of chocolate.
"But after being humiliated so many times, I realised enough was enough.
"My breathing also got really bad at night time and I knew I couldn't carry on the way I was going.
"One of my friends had tried the Cambridge diet and they looked amazing. I had tried to diet before when I was in college but it never worked.
"But in April 2016 I decided to give it a go, it was very daunting at first but once I got into the swing of things it became a lot easier to stick to and I have since lost six stone.
"I no longer eat two dinners and I have completely ditched the chocolate and sweets.
(Photo: Caters News)
"I was even short listed for slimmer on the year in the under 25's category which was amazing, it gave me the encouragement I needed to carry on and the power to achieve my goals.
"No one believed that I would be able to do it, even my mum doubted me, but I have finally proved everyone wrong.
"I still have a little more that I want to lose, but earlier this year I finally had the confidence to go out and get my dream job as a hairdresser."
Gemma's diet BEFORE
Breakfast - nothing
Snack - bag of spearmint chews
Lunch - 3 chocolate bars, 4 bags of crisps, bag of spearmint chews
Snack - portion of chips
Dinner - large pasta dish
AFTER starting the Step 4 Cambridge Weight Plan
Breakfast - 2 Cambridge products
Lunch - small prawn salad
Snack - Cambridge bonus bar
Dinner - chicken breast and vegetables
New Delhi: The all powerful GST Council will meet on June 18 to finalise tax rates on lottery as well as rules relating to e-way bill and anti-profiteering measures.
This will be the 17th meeting of the GST Council, chaired by Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley and comprising state counterparts. The Council has already finalised tax rates on almost all goods and services in the bracket of 5, 12, 18 and 28 percent.
The Council may also review rates on certain items, and approve draft GST rules and related forms for advance ruling, appeals and revision, and assessment and audit.
In the last meeting of the Council on June 11, tax rates on 66 items, including agarbatti, packaged food and insulin, were lowered.
With regard to hybrid cars on which industry has been seeking a reduction, Jaitley had hinted that it will not be reviewed, saying the industry demands were not in sync with a study conducted by tax officers.
The Council had last month fixed 43 percent tax (28 percent GST plus 15 percent cess) on hybrid cars, a rate that industry felt was too high for the fuel efficient vehicles.
Once the rules on 'e-way bill' are finalised it would be clear whether the GST Network alone would be developing the platform for it or National Informatics Centre (NIC) would be roped in.
The GST Council had in April come out with the draft e- way bill rules that made it necessary for any movement of goods, within or outside the state, having value of more than Rs 50,000 to be registered with the GST-Network (GSTN) website.
As per the draft, GSTN would generate e-way bills that will be valid for 1-15 days, depending on distance to be travelled -- one day for 100 km and 15 days for more than 1,000 km transit. The tax officials can inspect the 'e-way bill' anytime during the transit to check tax evasion.
Industry however has expressed concerns over this saying that the Rs 50,000 limits was too low and that the timeline for completion of transport operation was "impractical and removed from reality".
They also felt that the e-way bill would be applicable to movement of all kinds of goods without making any distinction between goods that were evasion prone or not.
With regard to anti-profiteering rules, the final structure of the authority as also who will have the power to levy penalty would become clear.
According to the draft rules agreed upon, when a complaint is received about any company or a trader making undue profit by not passing on the benefit of lower tax incidence because of GST, it would be referred to a standing committee appointed by the Council.
The committee would decide whether an inquiry should be initiated on a complaint. The new anti-profiteering authority will carry out an investigation only when the committee recommends so.
The inquiry report with recommendations would be referred back to the standing committee, and any penalty or action would be taken by either the committee or the Council.
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The Premier League returned with a bang with a series of thrilling games and star performances from big-money signings Alexandre Lacazette, Romelu Lukaku and Alvaro Morata.
A stunning shock as Burnley defeated the champions Chelsea at Stamford Bridge, while new boys Huddersfield ran riot at Selhurst Park against Crystal Palace.
Overreactions across the league have cropped up with a knock-on effect in the transfer market set to materialise in the coming weeks.
Here are your winners and losers from a pulsating opening weekend of action:
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Winners
Kyle Walker
City are expecting big things from Kyle Walker after they became the most expensive defender in world football during the summer.
The former Tottenham star showed straight away the qualities they will bring to the City team this season with their explosive runs down the right hand side and adds yet another attacking threat to the team.
Brighton's new left back Markus Suttner certainly had their hands full trying to contain the England star and will be glad they won't have to face them every week.
Walker knows they can take their game onto another level playing under Guardiola and will be hoping to celebrate a big season with the World Cup taking place next summer.
(Image: Manchester City FC)
Olivier Giroud
The French star has been strongly linked with a move away from the Gunners with Everton leading the chase to clinch their signature.
But Giroud showed once again why Arsenal fans are so keen to keep them in north London after they scored the crucial winning goal with just five minutes left on the clock.
There is no questioning their pedigree in front of goal and the amazing stat that has seen Giroud score seven of their last ten goals for the club in the final ten minutes of a game.
Arsene Wenger revealed after the game they were willing to let them leave earlier in the summer.
But they are now convinced Giroud will stay and they could become a crucial part of the team this season as they look to challenge for the title once again.
(Image: Plumb Images)
Romelu Lukaku
That's what you pay the big money for.
It took them about 25 minutes to burst into life, but Lukaku became an instant hero at Old Trafford with their determined display at Old Trafford.
Their thumping finish in front of the Stretford End in the first-half followed by their passionate celebration - in which they pointed to the United badge - was exactly what has come to be expected of those donning the red No.9 shirt.
And their cuteness to pull off the defenders for their second showed true strikers' instinct.
Lukaku has scored on their debut for three different Premier Leagues clubs now after repeating the feat for West Brom and Everton.
They also love playing against West Ham - that's 11 goals in their last 11 against the Hammers.
(Image: AFP)
Sadio Mane
By far Liverpool's most effective player on a difficult afternoon in Hertfordshire.
Mane's movement and desire to get into goalscoring positions created the first-half equaliser, where they won the ball, played it into Emre Can for a one-two before smashing into the far corner.
But even as Liverpool fell back behind, they were the only one looking to continually get crosses into the box and take shots on goal.
Watford struggled to deal with their pace and power as they kept their side's hopes alive.
(Image: Reuters)
Losers
Dale Stephens
A day for the Brighton midfielder to forget.
Dale Stephens gave away the ball for the crucial first goal and never recovered from their mistake.
The 27-year-old struggled to keep up with the City tempo and this was a harsh way for the 27-year-old to make their first appearance in the Premier League.
Stephens handed in a transfer request last season with the south coast club, but will be desperate to show they can compete at the highest level and keep their place in the side.
(Image: Manchester City FC)
Mesut Ozil
With Alexis Sanchez missing through injury, this was a big night for Mesut Ozil to take centre stage but they failed to make any impact on the game.
The German superstar went missing for large parts of the game and failed to create any goalscoring chances for Alexandre Lacazette.
Wenger will demand a lot more from their influential midfielder and hope they are back on form when their side play their next game against Stoke at the Britannia Stadium on August 19.
(Image: Rex Features)
West Ham
Well yes, obviously.
But the summer's transfer business was not up to scratch and the whole team suffered as a result as they took on one of the title favourites.
It says a lot about the squad depth when five members of the bench are defenders, especially on a day where the Hammers are more likely to need attacking reinforcements than defensive ones.
Slaven Bilic will no doubt be pulling their hair out at the lack of options available to him, especially following a summer where West Ham had looked like they would buy shrewdly.
There are two weeks of the transfer window left and West Ham still have plenty of work to do.
(Image: REUTERS)
Heurelho Gomes
Heurelho Gomes has a few clangers to their name during their time in the Premier League.
Despite being Watford's player of the season last year, their decision to come out and challenge Mohamed Salah for the ball ultimately proved a disastrous one.
Salah, running away from goal, only needed to be shielded another step forward, but Gomes instead attempted to get down low and scoop the ball away.
Such was Salah's pace, they just ended up bringing them down and giving Liverpool and easy route back into the match.
Five minutes later, Watford were behind.
(Image: Alex Broadway)
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
England captain Dylan Hartley has had their season ended by concussion and will miss the three-Test series against South Africa.
Hartley joins Anthony Watson , Jonathan Joseph, Courtney Lawes and Nathan Hughes in being ruled out of the June tour.
Eddie Jones' team are desperate to end a run of three straight defeats but will have to do it with a new skipper and much-changed team.
Owen Farrell, who took over the armband when Hartley was benched for the Six Nations clash with France in March, is expected to step up again.
(Image: Getty)
Hartley, who has not played since being concussed playing against Ireland last month, revealed that specialists had advised them to take a decent break.
“While I find that decision hard to accept, it's important I listen to that advice,” they said. “I intend to use this time to recover fully from my injury.”
Two years ago, after missing 14 weeks of the season due to head knocks, Hartley voiced concerns that one more concussion injury could end their career.
"If I got another one now, I would be worried,” they said at the time. “I would probably start looking at other careers, or maybe a long lay-off.”
Jones was thought keen to rest their British and Irish Lions stars for the Boks series but Hartley's perennial understudy Jamie George is unlikely to get the summer off now.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Smart menswear label Samuel Windsor creates a variety of classic men's fashion staples to suit any body shape and size, and right now shoppers can save 70% off selected items with Mirror Reader Offers.
Whether you're looking for a traditional Tweed jacket, a casual shirt, or stylish outerwear, the collection has something for everyone.
The brand has a range of items covering outerwear, accessories and even shoes, and you won't have to raid the piggy bank to afford it.
As spring is on its way there's no better excuse to pick up some great value items in the sale - here are a few pieces we think are just too good to pass up.
Jumbo Cord Trousers: £20 (was £60) - saving £40
The quintessential gentlemen's trouser, made form 100% cotton, are perfect for the colder months.
The regular fit means they will suit most body shapes and the hard-wearing fabric is built to last.
Tattersall Shirt: £15 (was £50) or get 2 for £25
Combining traditional English check designs with seasonal colours, the Samuel Windsor range of long-sleeved Tattersall shirts are classic incarnation of the everyday staple.
Fend off the cold in this 100 wool fisherman's jumper, and the practical wool fabric is both insulating and breathable - so you don't end up sweltering when you're on the go.
Covert coat: £99 (was £299) - saving £200
Turn heads in this gentlemanly style coat that works equally well in the town or the country.
The look is painstakingly constructed from 100% new wool and features a luxurious velvet collar that will instantly transform your look, and maybe even your confidence.
With spring just around the corner, these handmade Italian leather deck shoes are ideal for the transitional weather.
The ultimate casual shoe has a nautical-inspired design that is defined by its stitch detailing and looks great dressed up or down.
Tweed cap: £25 (was £50) - saving £25
Bring a touch of country style to your wardrobe with this 100 per cent wool tweed cap.
The design features luxurious quilted lining, and is available in three distinctive styles traditional designs that match with any jacket from the Samuel Windsor tweed collection.
Prestige Oxford shoe: £47.50 (was £115) - saving £67.50
Every guy needs a pair of great shoes to complete their suited and booted look.
These Oxford shoes feature a durable rubber sole for all day comfort, and have been handmade with a traditional finish.
You can shop the full Samuel Windsor sale here at www.mirrorreaderoffers.co.uk.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A suspected gang member who allegedly swallowed class A drugs is spending a 17th day in police custody as officers patiently wait for them to POO.
The man hasn't gone to the toilet since they were arrested more than two weeks ago, say police.
They are holding them until they stop holding out and finally has a bowel movement, officers have said.
Investigators believe they will find class A drugs once the alleged dealer passes whatever is in theirs system.
It's been a long wait for police, who say the man is being seen by a doctor every day and is doing "fine" even though they haven't defecated since mid-January.
(Image: OpRaptorWest/Twitter)
The man, from London, allegedly swallowed the drugs before they were arrested by Essex Police on January 17.
At the time, police wrote on Twitter: "London gang nominal arrested for failing to stop for police and possession with intent to supply class A drugs, male doesn't think we have the power to keep them until they remove said items from their bottom #thinkagain".
Since then the Operation Raptor team, which targets gangs and urban street crime, has been giving almost daily updates on the man's 'poo strike'.
(Image: OpRaptorWest/Twitter)
They have refused food while in custody at the station in Harlow, Essex, said police, and officers have repeatedly gone to court to have their detention order extended.
On Friday, police - who've been calling the bizarre saga 'poo watch' - went to court a third time and were given another week to keep the man in custody.
That will take them to February 9, unless they have a bowel movement before then.
(Image: OpRaptorWest/Twitter)
In their latest updates, police said they are still waiting for the man to go to the toilet or consent to a doctor removing whatever is in there.
Twitter users have expressed concern for the man's well-being or blasted them for "wasting" police time and resources, but police have reassured the public that they are just fine and they are willing to play the waiting game.
They said: "He is being seen daily by doctors and constantly watched, this is their own choice and so far their health is fine."
Police pointed out that 17 days is a record for the Operation Raptor West team, surpassing the previous mark of 12 set last year.
The man has been charged with two counts of possession with intent to supply class A drugs, said police.
Nicholas T. Beelman
Nicholas T. Beelman, 51, Mt. Union, died Saturday, December 9th at their home. Arrangements are pending at Elliott Chapel, New London.
At the January CSRD board meeting several bylaws were advanced which may be of prime interest to the public.
The Solid Waste Tipping Fee Bylaw 5759 was amended to allow for free, year-round disposal of yard and garden waste and metals (including appliances and the fee for ozone depleting substances or ODS). Several points support this change, namely:
• A number of weather-related events have resulted in requests to waive tipping fees to accommodate clean-up of debris from storms, wind and floods. Waiving tipping fees can only occur with CSRD board approval, so substantial delays may occur before implementation. It also necessitates use of grant-in-aid funds, which reduces funds available for other community initiatives.
• A Major Appliance Recycling Roundtable (MARR) flight attendantship group has been formed in B.C. to help finance recycling of major appliances. Incentives offered from MARR along with the market value of scrap metal have eliminated the need to charge tipping fees for metals, appliances and ODS.
Key amendments to this bylaw, in effect Feb. 1, 2018, include removal of the metal disposal fee, removal of the ODS fee, increase of the wood waste disposal fee to $40/tonne, reduction of the concrete disposal fee to $80/tonne, reduction of the compost purchase fee from $30/cubic meter to $15, and an increase of the specified risk material fee to $240/tonne. These changes will not significantly increase taxes because of the revenues involved.
At the January board meeting, Noise Bylaw 5754 received second reading. This bylaw has been in discussion for some time and attempts to address a very difficult enforcement issue.
Senior officers from RCMP detachments in Salmon Arm, Chase and Revelstoke met with electoral area directors to discuss noise complaints and unanimously recommended that a noise bylaw be implemented. Their request was based on the need for another way to deal with noise complaints, other than a Criminal Code approach. They noted that criminal charges associated with noise complaints would often be defeated in the courts. With the adoption of a noise bylaw, RCMP officers would be able to issue a ticket which would carry a fine. It was felt that this approach brings the remedy more in line with the nature of the offense. Moreover, if a particular property is associated with a history of ticketed complaints, then a following criminal charge was felt to have a greater likelihood of succeeding.
It was very useful to consult with the RCMP as it was recognized that CSRD bylaw enforcement staff would not usually be involved with noise complaints. Most noise complaints occur after hours and attempted enforcement by CSRD staff would raise serious and unacceptable safety concerns in addition to staffing and cost issues.
It was also recognized that noise bylaws are very difficult to enforce, particularly in rural areas. Understandably, a noise complaint is a much lower priority than a traffic accident or criminal act, and given the distance between the nearest RCMP detachment and Area C, time and ability to respond is an issue. Another issue affecting this is the collection of objective evidence that can be effectively used in court.
Hours of enforcement for the noise bylaw will be from 12 a.m. to 7 a.m. This bylaw will not deal with complaints outside these hours, nor will it deal with noise complaints involving boats. While it is recognized that any noise bylaw will be imperfect, I think Bylaw 5754 a good step forward and will be helpful in many situations.
-Paul Demenok is the Area C Director for the Columbia Shuswap Regional District
LIVERPOOL, England (AP) — Wayne Rooney converted a 77th-minute penalty as Everton snatched a point in a 1-1 draw at Liverpool in the Merseyside derby in the Premier League on Sunday.
Liverpool took the lead through Mohamed Salah's league-high 13th goal of the campaign and dominated the game until Dominic Calvert-Lewin fell to the ground after being pushed in the back by Dejan Lovren.
Rooney stepped up to send the penalty down the middle for their first goal in a Merseyside derby, in their second spell at Everton. It maintained Sam Allardyce's unbeaten start as Everton manager after three games — seven months after earning a win at Anfield when in charge of Crystal Palace, Liverpool's last home loss in any competition.
Everton still hasn't won at the home of its fiercest rival since 1999 but will be more than happy to take a point from a match in which it was forced to defend for large periods.
Juergen Klopp saw their team stay fourth and knows their selection will come under scrutiny.
The Liverpool manager took the surprise step of breaking up their “Fab Four” attack by naming Philippe Coutinho and Roberto Firmino as substitutes, instead playing Dominic Solanke as striker and bringing Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain into midfield.
It was part of six changes by Liverpool from the exhilarating 7-0 win over Spartak Moscow in the Champions League in midweek, but that didn't initially disrupt the team's flow going forward.
Everton was on the back foot virtually from the first whistle, with the pace and trickery of Salah and Sadio Mane, in particular, causing the visitors problems.
Salah's goal was a mixture of strength and footwork. Receiving a pass from right back Joe Gomez, the Egypt winger shrugged off Cuca Martina, twisted inside Idrissa Gueye, and curled a left-footed shot around Ashley Williams and into the top corner.
Mane squandered a two-on-one opportunity, dragging a shot disappointingly wide late in the first half, and Allardyce changed things by removing one of their two strikers — Oumar Niasse — at halftime.
Liverpool still dominated, though Everton goalkeeper Jordan Pickford wasn't seriously tested before Rooney's equalizer against the run of play, following a penalty decision that will be debated long and hard around the city.
Lovren did give Calvert-Lewin a slight nudge but maybe not enough to make the striker tumble over as they did. Lovren couldn't believe it when the spot kick was given and Rooney converted it down the middle.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
New Delhi: Both houses of Parliament were on Tuesday adjourned for the day as the opposition members from TDP, YSR Congress and AIDMK continued their protest over various issues.
According to reports, the Lok Sabha was first adjourned till 12 pm and then for the day by Speaker Sumitra Mahajan shortly after it met for the day.
Protests started as soon as the House met, and several members trooped near the Speaker's podium raising slogans and displaying placards.
In the din, Speaker Sumitra Mahajan tried to run the Question Hour, but as the din continued, the House was adjourned.
''This is not proper, do not be so insensitive, please do not indulge in such politics! : Lok Sabha Speaker told MPs raising slogans when EAM wanted to make a statement on the death of 39 Indians who went missing in Iraq's Mosul.
This is not proper, do not be so insensitive, please do not indulge in such politics! : Lok Sabha Speaker to MPs raising slogans when EAM wanted to deliver statement on death of 39 Indians in Iraq's Mosul pic.twitter.com/fHrQ5XlKAF — ANI (@ANI) March 20, 2018
''The country has never seen such a sorry state, this is not proper. You are insensitive to your own people, '' Lok Sabha Speaker Sumitra Mahajan said before adjourning the house till Wednesday.
''The House is not in order and so no-confidence motion cannot be moved,'' the Speaker said.
Meanwhile, the YSR Congress MP YV Subba Reddy today wrote to Lok Sabha Secretary General and gave notice to include the no-confidence motion in the list of business for Wednesday.
YSRCP's YV Subba Reddy writes to Lok Sabha Secretary General, gives notice to include no-confidence motion in the list of business for tomorrow. pic.twitter.com/ucxSyaE7Lq — ANI (@ANI) March 20, 2018
Tuesday is the 12th day of the second half of the Budget Session marred by disruptions.
The session started on March 5 and will conclude on April 6.
Meanwhile, Rajya Sabha was also adjourned for the day amid pandemonium created by the opposition parties over different issues soon after Chairman M Venkaiah Naidu took up Zero Hour.
As soon as the House met for the day, External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj made a statement in the House confirming the death of 39 Indians in Mosul, Iraq, who were abducted by the Islamic State terror group in 2014.
As they completed their statement, members from the TDP, AIADMK and some other parties trooped near the chair's podium.
Amid the din, Leader of Opposition Ghulam Nabi Azad rose to address the House and hold the government responsible for the deaths.
They were interrupted by the protesting members. Naidu urged the agitated members to maintain peace.
Minister of State for Parliamentary Affairs Vijay Goel said that the government was ready to discuss every issue raised by the members.
But the TDP members continued with their protest, holding placards and shouting slogans. Naidu then adjourned the House for the day.
(With Agency inputs)
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A convicted sex offender may have been murdered up to four days before they were found strangled in their flat alongside their daughter, an inquest has heard.
The bodies of Noel Brown, 69, and their daughter, Marie Brown, 41, were found at their flat in the early hours last Monday after police responded to a welfare concern.
Detectives believe Ms Brown may have disturbed the attackers as they attempted to dismember their father's body.
An inquest at Southwark Coroner's Court on Monday heard a post-mortem found the provisional cause of death for Mr Brown was "neck compression", while their daughter also suffered injuries "consistent with neck compression".
Detective Inspector Helen Rance said it was believed Mr Brown was killed between November 30 and December 4, when the bodies were found at the property in New Butt Lane, Deptford, south-east London.
(Image: PA)
(Image: Facebook)
They said Ms Brown, a creche worker, was believed to have died between December 2 and December 4.
Senior coroner Dr Andrew Harris suspended the inquest while the murder investigation continued.
Ms Rance said: "There is currently nobody in custody."
(Image: SWNS.com)
Last week police said Mr Brown was convicted of a sex offence and jailed in 1999, but Scotland Yard's Detective Superintendent Paul Monk said it was not "screaming out" as a motive.
Mr Brown was released in 2004 and the officer said "nothing" had happened in Mr Brown's life in the 18 years since the conviction to suggest that was the reason for the murder.
A neighbour saw Mr Brown at their home at about 8pm on Thursday November 30, and at around midday on Saturday December 2, their daughter went to their flat out of concern for their welfare.
They were not seen alive again.
(Image: Facebook)
After forensic searches of the area and gathering hours of CCTV footage, police have appealed for the public's help and urged two men who visited Mr Brown's flat in the days before they were found dead to come forward.
Unemployed Mr Brown, who was born in Jamaica, was said to be a regular visitor to local betting shops, but police have said they have found no evidence they were killed because of a large betting win.
Officers found no signs of a break-in at the flat, indications of a struggle inside or that Mr Brown or Ms Brown had been restrained.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The victim of a fatal helicopter crash in North Yorkshire is believed to be the Queen's Lord-Lieutenant for North Yorkshire Barry Dodd CBE.
Mr Dodd owned the multinational company GSM Group and was described as a "serial" business person and investor who had won a number of honours for public service.
Investigators are awaiting formal identification of the crash victim but they believe Mr Dodd was behind the controls of the helicopter that went down in a field near Aldborough on Wednesday.
The pilot was the lone occupant of the aircraft.
(Image: BBC)
Mr Dodd lived with their wife Frances near Carlton-in-Cleveland, about 25 miles from the crash site.
The Queen appointed them to their role as Lord-Lieutenant for North Yorkshire in September 2014.
Investigators remained at the scene on Thursday as they worked to establish the cause of the crash.
North Yorkshire Police said: "Whilst we await formal identification, we believe they are Them Majesty's Lord-Lieutenant for North Yorkshire, Mr Barry Dodd CBE.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
"Our thoughts are with their family at this difficult time & request that their privacy is respected."
Mr Dodd began their career as a graduate trainee with ICI and spent five years working with the firm in London, New York and Teesside before pursuing their own ventures.
Mr Dodd and business partner Geoff Collier founded the two-man start-up GSM Graphic Arts - which supplies labels, nameplates and fascias - above a shop in Guisborough in 1974.
In the 40-plus years since then it has expanded into a number of additional industries, including automotive and product barcoding, under the Global Service and Manufacturing (GSM) Group umbrella.
The multinational firm, based at an old Army site in Thirsk, employs more than 500 people in Britain, Germany and the US, and is Europe's biggest manufacturer of industrial graphic products.
It has four manufacturing plants and a software house in the UK.
A profile of Mr Dodd on the North Yorkshire Lieutenancy website states: "Mr Barry Dodd CBE, is Them Majesty's representative in the County and is charged with upholding the dignity of the Crown."
In that role, they were responsible for the "promotion of civic, commercial, voluntary and social activities" in the county.
The profile credited them with creating jobs in rural areas by founding a global business.
They were also the chairperson and majority shareholder of two tech software and systems companies and a distributor of mobile computing products.
For more than a decade they devoted one day a week to unpaid public service, the profile states.
They had also served as a member of the Automotive Industry Council, chair and pro-chancellor of the University of Hull and chair of the Hull York Medical School.
Until February 1 they were the first chairperson of the York, North Yorkshire and East Riding Enterprise Partnership (LEP), in which they oversaw almost £240m of government and European funding.
They were awarded a CBE for services to the UK economy in 2014.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
England needed penalties to beat Colombia on Tuesday, progressing to the quarter-final of the World Cup in the most dramatic fashion possible.
Harry Kane and Marcus Rashford dispatched their spot-kicks before Jordan Henderson stepped up to the plate, but was unable to convert.
Meanwhile Colombia duo Mateus Uribe and Carlos Bacca missed their spot-kicks, either side of Kieran Trippier hitting the back of the net, leaving Eric Dier with the job of putting the tie to bed.
Fortunately for the Three Lions, the Tottenham midfielder made no mistakes from 12 yards and smashed the ball past Arsenal keeper David Ospina.
(Image: REUTERS)
England fans were delighted the ball hit the back of the net, and in the end couldn't care less who dispatched the match-winning penalty.
But there was some confusion when Dier - a holding midfielder - stepped up to the plate while Jamie Vardy remained where they are.
Vardy shares the responsibility of taking penalties alongside Riyad Mahrez at Leicester City, and is no stranger to hitting the back of the net when asked to do so.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
They were also down to take a spot-kick, alongside the asupervisorstioned England stars who did, so why didn't they take one?
Gareth Southgate shed some light on the situation after the game, when asked about their discussions with their coaching staff prior to the shoot-out.
(Image: FIFA)
They said: "[We were] just making sure we had our order right. We had to make a couple of changes because of injuries during the extra-time period.
"But we knew it was a process we were in charge of and the guys executed it brilliantly."
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
England fans keeping a close eye on the action also noticed Vardy holding their groin when celebrating the Three Lions' victory.
It has since been announced that Vardy has had an injection for a groin strain and is a doubt for the quarter-final against Sweden on Saturday.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The luxury lifestyle of the widow of a notorious war criminal who was assassinated in 2000 has been revealed on social media for the first time.
One of Serbia's most popular singers , Svetlana Raznatovic, still lives in the villa they shared with Arkan, one of Eastern Europe's most feared and successful criminals before the Yugoslav Wars.
Until now Belgrade was only familiar with the outside of their home, but what went on behind closed doors was a closely guarded secret.
(Photo: CEN/Anastasija Raznatovic)
(Photo: Reuters)
(Photo: CEN/Anastasija Raznatovic)
(Photo: CEN/@raznatovicanastasija)
(Photo: CEN/@craznatovic_official)
Svetlana, better known by their stage name Ceca, lives in the grand house next to the Red Star Stadium in the Serbian capital Belgrade, with their two children, son Zeljko, 20, and daughter Anastasija, 18.
Like most young people of their age, Zeljko and Anastasija share every detail of their life on social media.
And their photographs reveal a lavishly decorated family home, full of antiques, fine art and flowers.
Gold detailing can be seen on picture frames, railings, mirrors and chandeliers, and the home also features classical-style columns.
(Photo: Reuters)
(Photo: Rex Features)
(Photo: Reuters)
(Photo: Reuters)
Arkan, whose real name was Zeljko Raznatovic, used extreme violence, enjoyed almost total immunity to the law and was regarded as the most powerful crime boss in the Balkans.
They once allegedly shot two plainclothes police officers - killing one - who wanted to quiz them about a bank robbery but was never arrested.
In the Yugoslav Wars, they rose to become the commander of the paramilitary Serb Volunteer Guard, also known as the Tigers.
It's nighttime in a forest in the western Indian state of Gujarat. By the light of their cell phone, camel herder Jat Saleh Amir, 18, pumps milk from the teats of groaning camels. The milk smells strong, like gamey butter.­­­
Later, I join their family around a fire by grass reed huts. Everyone watches as I take my first sip of frothy camel milk from a steel bowl. I gag a little and smile apologetically – the milk is fatty, sour and salty. It's nothing like any milk I've had before. "Tell them I like it!" I elbow my local interpreter Liyakat Ali Notiyar. When nobody is looking, I slide Notiyar the warm bowl. Having grown up on camel milk, they slurp it clean in an instant.
Few Indians outside this district of Kutch and its community of camel herders drink camel milk. But that's about to change as one of India's largest dairy brands is set to mass market it. The milk will be sourced from this community of nomadic camel herders called Maldharis who roam the district of Kutch.
Maldharis have herded camels and consumed the animal's milk for centuries. They drink camel milk tea and serve it plain with breakfast, lunch and dinner. And they consider the milk a cure-all – they tell stories about camel milk curing everything from acid reflux to fever and pregnancy ailments. They also believe it can help manage diabetes. Elisha Harissa, 45, who has diabetes and lives in a nearby village regularly drinks camel milk. They claim it regulates their blood sugar. A few studies suggest there may be some scientific merit to these claims – camel milk seems to help regulate insulin secretion and blood sugar levels in patients with Type1 diabetes – suggesting it could potentially be used alongside other medical treatments to manage diabetes. However, scientists are still investigating the therapeutic potential of camel milk.
Meanwhile, Amul plans to market camel milk primarily to people with Type1 diabetes. And the company's managing director, R.S. Sodhi, is confident the product will succeed, especially given the growing number of diabetics in the country. But they acknowledge there will be challenges. The main reason: the taste. Indians may not take to the unusual taste of camel milk. Even Kutch natives used to camel milk, like Asmok Ghor, whose grandparents transported goods back and forth to Pakistan on camels, can only stomach the sour milk if it's boiled with sugar or concealed as ice cream. "I'm sorry," Ghor says. "It's not about the camels, I don't like the milk."
Sahjeevan is working with the local Kutch Camel Breeder's Association to market creative camel products, including camel milk soap and camel milk chocolate. A few years ago, they even brought a European expert to teach herders how to make camel milk cheese. Amed Taju says the chocolate was a hit among the herders, but the cheese didn't take off.
The success of Amul's efforts with camel milk may help determine the future of Maldharis. Government-imposed restrictions on grazing land in recent years, a decline in the camel-for-transport market and the mining industries' encroachment on grazing land have led to a decline in the number of camels owned by these communities. Amed Taju, a community elder, has had to sell many of their camels to get by. Now, their herd is half the size it was five years ago. Life is hard these days, says Taju. Their children aren't in school and they can't afford health care. "We are poor people," they say. "We are earning and eating, not saving."
This is where Amul can help, says Sodhi. Amul will purchase the milk for at least twice its current value, encouraging Maldharis to increase their herds. It won't be huge business for Amul, Sodhi says. "But for camel herders it will be big."
If he's able to sell camel milk routinely to Amul, Taju says they will build solid homes and send their grandchildren to boarding schools. "I see a future not for my sons and daughters," they say. "But for my grandson and granddaughters."
Shaina Shealy is a freelance multimedia journalist based in Jerusalem.
Before the Longwood Varsity Cheerleading Meet, the first Suffolk meet of the season, the Mt. Sinai Cheerleading team had one mission on their mind, complete the impossible or as their motto eloquently puts it, “Rewrite History.”
After placing fifth at the New York State Cheerleading Championship and winning the Suffolk Division II Large title, the Mustangs are not satisfied.
“Every year we come up with a saying that ties our goals for the season together and this year its ‘Rewrite History,'” Julia Hecht said. “Even though we've had successful seasons in the past, it hasn't always gone the way that we wanted. This year we are trying to rewrite history, forget about last year and come back stronger than ever.”
Stronger than ever means starting the season off 1-0 after placing first in Large Division I and II with a score of 91.3.
“We were really motivated this week,” Coach Megan Wesolowski said. “We had a rough week… it wasn't our best performance but there's never any blame between the girls. They always come together in the hard times and the good.”
A fall early in the performance and a shaky lift before their team chant didn't deter the Mustangs for long. They stuck their final pyramid to secure the win in a tough division.
Usually Mt. Sinai would not have competed at this event because they are the only Division II Large team. Suffolk now allows Division I and II groups to compete against each other. Ward Melville placed second and Sachem North placed third.
Enter your email address to subscribe to High School Sports newsletter By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
The Mustangs are welcoming the challenge.
“We're up against a lot of competition and a lot of talented teams,” Captain Charlotte Fiordalisi said. “It's an honor to compete with them.”
The Rocky Point Cheerleading team is welcoming a different challenge, staying true to their program and being the best on the mat.
As Coach Anna Spallina puts it, “The climb to the top is easier than staying at the top.”
They are starting off the season on top placing first in Division I and II Medium with a score of 93.8. Kings Park placed second and Northport placed third.
“This win is exciting because we've been working so hard all year long,” Lauren Utting said. “Everyone expects us to be at a higher level and it's exciting to actually perform at that level and show everyone that we are that good.”
The Eagles had one fall after the team chant in an otherwise clean performance.
“Sometimes things happen but when we practice we will do that stunt a million times and do it better next week,” Utting said.
Captain Julieanna Joy continued, “We have to beat ourselves. There is no one we have to focus on beating except ourselves. I'm really proud of the way our team performed. We have a couple of new kids on the mat and they did really good for their first performance.”
To beat themselves, both Joy and Utting agreed they have to maintain their county title and earn their way back to a State title and National title.
“We're hoping to bring it all home,” Utting said.
Division I and II Small is anything but what the name suggests. It's the largest division in Suffolk and crowned two winners, first up was the home team Longwood. They placed first with a score of 89.4. Hauppauge placed second and Westhampton placed third.
Longwood is lead by new coach and former Longwood cheerleader Shauna Cruz. Cruz along with a young team performed a fall-less routine with intricate stunts.
The second Small first place winner was Floyd who scored an 86.2 and competed against former Division I Large County Champion and 2016 second place state winner, Sachem East.
“This is my second year with the girls…they've grown so strong physically and mentally,” Coach Alyssa Cabrera said. “We're going against teams that have been building their program for years. These girls have been working hard to build theirs.”
Whitman placed second and Sachem East placed third.
“As a captain, I'm really proud of this win,” Talia Dongvort said. “Even though things didn't hit, we always pull through and come together as a family. This season we're going to do big things.”
Well at least the bride to be didn't get arrested!!
Here is the proposal video, stopping all cars on the freeway for the proposal.
The story goes, groom to be and three friends arrested.
New Delhi: Police on Monday received a tip-off about a suspicious object seen in one of the toilets in Sangam Express. Security personnel, bomb squad and dog squad reached Hapur Railway Station immediately after and vacated the train to carry out a detailed search operation. The train was bound for Allahabad from Meerut.
The object - a torch with wires attached to it - was spotted in one of the toilets prompting officials of North Railway to reach Hapur station. Senior officers of the police department too reached the station and passengers were quickly checked and escorted to safety. The area around the train - platform 1 and 2 - was cordoned off and a systematic search operation for the object was launched. Officials are still trying to ascertain the nature of the object and say they are taking no chances.
(This is a developing story. Details will be added as and when available)
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Tory toff Jacob Rees Mogg has suggested they had to get permission from their nanny to hold their own toddler.
The millionaire Old Etonian, who has never changed a nappy despite having six children, raised laughs with the revealing off-the-cuff remark in a London Q&A tonight - where protesters railed against their conservative views outside.
They said they had been at a Commons committee when they realised their suit was "absolutely covered in my two-year-old's breakfast."
They added: “I had made the mistake of picking them out of their high chair. And really, I don't know how nanny allowed me to do this and I got permission.
"Nonetheless, all their breakfast had appeared on my suit."
During the Q&A at the Mile End Institute, ultra-traditionalist Mr Rees-Mogg was also caught out over their excuse for why they have never changed a nappy.
(Image: Jack Taylor)
(Image: Jack Taylor)
They claimed their nanny, who has been working for their aristocratic family for 52 years, does not think it's a good idea for them to change nappies because they "thinks it's their job".
But they then immediately admitted the same rules don't apply to their wife Helena.
They said: "Oh no no, my wife's definitely changed lots of nappies.
"I'm not in a great deal of the time. It's not as if I'm at home 24 hours a day, whereas my wife is a stay-at home mother."
They added: "You'd be amazed by how many men I've spoken to who've either said to me they've never changed any nappies either, or lucky me."
Protesters outside the event railed against "misogynistic" Mr Rees-Mogg and held banners saying "kick out the anti-choice homophobes".
 They are against abortion even in cases of rape and voted against gay marriage.
During the Q&A they insisted they would not put their beliefs into law if they became Prime Minister, saying: "They are not the law of the land, they are not going to be the law of the land... Mine is one conscience against many."
But they also faced angry audience members, who told them poverty worsened by Tory policies was an "absolute disgrace".
One audience member told him: "A lot of people right now are dying because of your party's policies."
The MP claimed the welfare safety net "is a working one" and declared: "This slightly hysterical talk about people are dying is just belittling the argument. It's just not true."
The audience member shouted back: "It is!"
(Image: PA)
Mr Rees-Mogg, who leads the hardline pro-Brexit European Research Group of Tory MPs, stood by the "conspiracy theory" that there was a plot by civil servants to sabotage Hard Brexit.
The MP said they still had a "worrying suspicion" about "bonkers" Treasury calculations and its interaction with pro-Remain bodies like the Confederation of British Industry.
They said: "You just wonder whether there isn't a pattern in that, whether there isn't some orchestration rather than being an accidental constellation of the stars."
They added Treasury forecasts "are designed to a particular end, and the end is to show the only thing we should do, lo and behold, is stay in the Customs Union - which basically means not leaving the EU."
But in a blue-on-blue attack, they added: "The blame always has to lie with ministers... I think it's the Chancellor of the Exchequer who has to take responsibility for their department."
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
The Tory told of their days growing up in London's opulent Smith Square, a few doors away from then-Prime Minister Harold Wilson.
They said they have never been to Lidl, Nando's or IKEA because "I'm not Mr Flat-Pack", but has been to Wetherspoons, McDonald's and Greggs because their chocolate eclairs are "jolly good".
And they confirmed they will not sign a no-confidence letter in Theresa May "as long as Mrs May is Prime Minister".
They said: "I think the Conservative Party gets itself into an awful muddle with leadership elections, that they create an enormous amount of bitterness and very rarely leave you better off than you were before.
"I think it took the Tory party 20 years to recover from the decapitation of Margaret Thatcher."
They also signalled support for Formula One bosses banning "grid girls" because they believe women should be treated with respect.
They said: "I believe in a free society where people should be free to do what they want. But, as you know, I'm quite old fashioned and I believe in treating ladies with respect.
"And I don't think grid girls is treating ladies with respect.
"In fact, I think it is viewing them, it is objectifying them, and, frankly, I have never felt comfortable with it.
"Perhaps I'm just an old prude, a bit of a stuffed shirt. I am quite happy that these things are fading out."
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Kim Kardashian is at it again.
But this time, she's gone pretty much full frontal in their attempts to break the internet.
The Keeping Up With The Kardashians star, who recently welcomed their third child with husband Kanye West, stripped off completely to advertise their new perfume range.
The 37-year-old showed off their body in a series of pictures posted to Twitter, captioning each one with the web address for their fragrance line.
One snap focuses on their bottom half.
(Image: Twitter)
(Image: Twitter)
Everything from their toned tummy to her, erm, completely hair-free private parts are on display.
Slight tan lines leave behind the outline of a tiny pair of knickers, while the star protects what's left of their modesty by crossing their legs.
A second picture features their top half, minus their head.
Them left arm is crossed over their body to hide their nipples, although one still made an appearance and had to be blurred.
Kim's ample assets again reveal slight tan lines, and their au natural look is finished off with a slight slick of pale nail varnish.
The reality beauty then brought both images together in a collage sure to make eyes pop out of people's heads in a cartoon-like fashion.
(Image: Twitter)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Kim's followers were viciously divided over the snaps.
While some praised them for being a modern woman who celebrates their body, others slammed them for flashing the flesh.
One said: "So f*****g embarrassing. You have an amazing body but I feel sorry for your kids when they grow up and their friends see this s**t"
And another hit back: "Girl it's 2018... we aren't in 1850, they and all women should be able to show and do anything they want with their own body. I.e it's not your body so why are you so pressed? Are they posting your body? No! So why do you care so much?"
(Image: Twitter)
(Image: Instagram)
One celebrated Kim, writing: "Why is everyone so against this? There's nothing wrong or disgusting about the naked body. Why would their kids be ashamed of this? They look INCREDIBLE. If I had their body I'd be showing it off too."
But another said: "We are tired of their naked body.. We've see it already.. "
This is far from the first time Kim has stripped naked for social media.
The reality star regularly poses up for scantily-clad snaps and certainly isn't shy about sharing them with the world.
Just the other day, they stripped for a sexy photoshoot, recruiting their rapper hubby to take the snaps.
Muslims in the country have been told to pray for good rains in the current growing season.
The call was made by Sheikh Maqsood Bwanali at Gologota masjid in Malawi's capital, Lilongwe.
According to Sheikh Bwanali, every Muslim in the country should have a responsibility to ask Allah (God) for the good rains so that crops in Malawi should grow well.
“It is the responsibility of every Muslim to pray for good rains so that Allah (God) may give us good rains. We may be doing this individually in each and every prayer five times daily,” Sheikh Bwanali said.
They added that it can be great if Muslims in the country organised a day to hold a special prayer asking Allah to give Malawi good rains.
“I haven't heard anywhere Muslims holding special prayers for good rains. It can be great if we can do this since Allah (God) can hear our voice coherently. As for now, I can just urge every Muslim in the country to be doing in each and Swalaat (prayer).” Sheikh Bwanali said.
Recently, President Peter Mutharika asked people in the country to pray for good rains.
In a State House statement that was released, the president said Malawians should pray for good rains, a productive rainy season and an end to dry spells in some areas of the country
On natural disasters happening during the current rainy season, Mutharika said Malawians should support victims of the disasters and pray for them.
The Malawi leader called upon the faith community and all Malawians to take part in the prayers.
Some parts of the country are not receiving good rains and there are fears that many Malawians will be affected by hunger this year.
To celebrate their success Santamedical has brought discounts on their highly appreciated Tens Units. All these devices are available on Amazon and have got high ratings there. The offer is for limited period only.
2 June 2018; For Immediate Release
Today people are having hectic schedules, hopping from one task to another, uplifting stress in their life resulting in different health ailments. However, one of the common health issue which major part of population is facing is, body ache and tiredness. There are several medicines claiming to reduce such body aches but they can't be consumed for long period as they have their on side-effects.
Tens Unit is one of the most popular devices to sway away body aches without any side-effects. It's a small device passing minor impulses in your ache prone area and brings relief in just few mins. Santamedical is an eminent brand having a vast product line, including different varieties of Tens Units. To celebrate the June happiness the giant company has come up with different irresistible discounts on their Tens Units.
Device Name Discount
Santamedical PM-470 Blue Tens Unit Electronic Pulse Massager with Rechargeable Battery
20%
Santamedical Dual Channel TENS Unit / EMS Unit Electrotherapy Pain Relief Device
10%
Santamedical Electronic Tens Unit Handheld Pain Relief Pulse Massager 20%
You can avail this offer not just for yourself but also to gift such useful devices to your dear ones. All these Tens Units are easy to use, highly portable and most importantly very effective. You can get the above devices are available on www.amazon.com. They have got umpteen positive feedbacks and 4.5-star ratings or more. The discounts are valid only for limited period, hence take this opportunity and book your order before it's get too late.
Doughnut lovers, start your engines! In honor of National Doughnut Day, companies around the country are offering doughnut deals, steals and contests on Friday, June 1: Dunkin' Donuts is offering customers a free classic doughnut of their choice with the purchase of any beverage. The offer is available while supplies last at participating locations.is offering one free doughnut to each customer at participating stores in the United States and Canada.is offering each customer a free bare, cinnamon sugar or powdered sugar doughnut at all locations. Customers will also receive a buy one, get one free doughnut coupon valid through June 17, 2018.is offering a free Edible Donut (a doughnut-shaped slice of Granny Smith apple dipped in chocolate) to customers at participating locations.is holding a contest to find its next Chief Donut Officer . The winner will receive $5,000 and a one-year supply of donuts.is offering one free OC Sand doughnut at participating stores.Every singlein America will give away free doughnuts to customers. The retailer expects to give away 1.2 million doughnuts nationwide by the end of the day.At five locations around the country,is offering the Whopper Donut, a traditional Whopper with a hole cut into the middle. Each customer will also receive a mini slider with their purchase.
By KYLE HIGHTOWER, AP Sports Writer
BOSTON (AP) — The Ottawa Senators needed a late rally in Game 2 to tie up their Eastern Conference quarterfinal matchup with the Boston Bruins.
In Game 3, they had to stave off a furious charge by the Bruins to regain the series lead.
Bobby Ryan scored on a tip-in on a power play 5:43 into overtime, and Ottawa recovered after giving up a three-goal lead to beat Boston 4-3 Monday night and take a 2-1 edge in the first-round series.
Just over a minute after Bruins center Riley Nash received a two-minute penalty for roughing Ryan, Ryan got free in the zone, tapping the puck in on assists by Kyle Turris and Erik Karlsson. Mike Hoffman added two goals for Ottawa, with Derick Brassard scoring the other. Craig Anderson finished with 17 saves.
“I always say that you make your money during the season, but you make your reputation in the playoffs, and right now he's showing everybody that he's a gamer,” Senators coach Guy Boucher said of Ryan.
CLASSLESS BRUINS FANS THROWING STUFF AT PLAYERS AND TRYING TO STEAL STICKS pic.twitter.com/5qJ74KkoWB — SensNation (@SensNation_) April 18, 2017
It was the second straight overtime game of the series, and second consecutive win for the Senators following their 4-3 victory in Game 2.
Game 4 is Wednesday night in Boston.
This time, the Bruins rallied from a 3-0 deficit with three goals in the second period, tying the game on a power-play goal by David Pastrnak.
Noel Acciari and David Backes also scored for the Bruins. Tuukka Rask stopped 28 shots.
“We were allowed to play in the second and third (periods), we were a better team,” Pastrnak said. “We had many opportunities to end it in the third.”
Bruin fans rained sustained boos on the referees after Ryan's goal and threw items on the TD Garden ice in protest of Nash's penalty, which give the Senators the man advantage.
Boston interim coach Bruce Cassidy said the penalty zapped the energy from their team's surge to tie it in regulation.
“Yeah, I agree with you 100 percent — demoralizing,” they said.
Ottawa seemed to be cruising in the second period following Hoffman's second goal of the night off a power play to make it 3-0. But then Boston finally got going on the offensive end.
First, Acciari, who returned from injury, scored with a tip-in off a miss by John-Michael Liles. That was followed 42 seconds later by Backes' slap shot after they broke through the defense to swipe the puck and open the ice.
Then, the Bruins finally cashed in on Pastrnak's goal, with Dion Phaneuf in the penalty box for slashing.
It nearly nullified what was a dominant start by the Senators, who kept the action on their side of the red line for most of the first period.
The Bruins played through a rash of injuries in the first two games and were missing defensemen Adam McQuaid, Torey Krug, Brandon Carlo and Colin Miller on Monday.
Acciari and center David Krejci both returned, but Boston struggled early to find much offensive traction.
Hoffman and Brassard scored just 25 seconds apart in the first period and exploited a depleted Boston defense to give Ottawa a 2-0 lead.
The Bruins made up for their sloppy start and came out more aggressive on the offensive end in the second period, scoring three goals on just seven shots — including the two in 42 seconds — to get back into the game.
The Senators outshot the Bruins 10-3 in the first, taking advantage of several defensive breakdowns on their side of the ice.
Ottawa's first goal of the night came after Karlsson flipped a pass behind Boston's defense to spring Hoffman on a breakaway. Hoffman controlled the puck and easily tapped it by Rask into the right corner of the net.
Then Brassard got on the board, slipping a slap shot by Rask for their second goal in two games.
Backes had the best opportunity to score for the Bruins in first period, but their attempt to fire a glove-side shot by Anderson was wide right, striking the post.
It was the first game of the series that the Bruins had trailed after the opening 20 minutes.
“Momentums are crazy,” Anderson said. “Win your little battles and it goes a long way in the war.”
NOTES: Ottawa was 2 for 4 on power plays. … Acciari and Tommy Cross both played in their first NHL playoff games, bringing the total to 11 Bruins that have made their postseason debuts in the series.
___
More AP NHL hockey at https://apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey
(Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Jeremy Corbyn has delivered their most fullsome apology yet for the anti- Semitism within their party ahead of a key meeting with Jewish leaders.
The Labour leader has been dogged by claims anti-Semitism has been allowed to run “rife” in the party under their premiership.
They admitted the party's internal checks have “been simply not fully fit for purpose” and “we did not look closely enough at ourselves”.
“We have not done enough fully to get to grips with the problem, and for that the Jewish community and our own Jewish members deserve an apology,” they write.
“My party and I are sorry for the hurt and distress caused.”
The Labour leader's admissions came in an article for the London Evening Standard, published just hours before their meeting with representatives from the Board of Deputies of British Jews and the Jewish Leadership Council.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
They said: "We must also face the uncomfortable fact that a small number of our members and supporters hold anti-Semitic views and attitudes, which need to be confronted and dealt with more rapidly and effectively."
It comes after Jewish Labour MPs stood up in the House of Commons and gave distressing testimony of the anti-Semitic abuse they have faced.
An afternoon house fire in Freeport Tuesday displaced a family of four and might have killed their cat and dog, Mayor Robert Kennedy said.
The family also had two visitors when the fire broke out at about 2:19 p.m. at their home at 74 Frankel Ave., Kennedy said.
They said one person was hurt — a firefighter, who is being treated for an injured back at a hospital.
While they said the family's pets might have been killed, there was no more information about the animals available Tuesday evening.
The cause of the blaze still is being investigated, but it might have been started by a halogen light, the mayor said.
Liz Barker, an American Red Cross spokesperson, said: “We're going to help them with just some immediate support, get them a place to stay tonight and some food.”
advertisement | advertise on newsday
They said the Red Cross can provide other assistance, which might include some counseling over the loss of their pets.
“We'll call them in a few days to see what follow-up help they need,” they said.
BLACKSBURG, Va. - Thirteen-year-old Nicole Madison Lovell was last seen on Jan. 27, 2016.
More than two years later, the man accused of murdering them will stand trial.
10 News has put together this timeline to allow you to see what's happened in the two years since Nicole was reported missing.
VIEW 10 NEWS' COMPLETE COVERAGE ON THIS CASE AND INVESTIGATION
The trial of David Eisenhauer is scheduled to begin on Monday, while Natalie Keepers' trial is scheduled to begin on Sept. 17.
Copyright 2018 by WSLS 10 - All rights reserved.
Mainstream criticism of people who deny climate change essentially portrays climate skeptics as being out of touch, ignorant or somehow incapable of understanding the facts about climate change.
However, an early look at ongoing work by a University of Kansas researcher examines alternative reasons for climate change denial, specifically economic, social or cultural influences on why individuals or entire communities remain skeptical of climate change.
"The most obvious example of this is the instance of an individual who works for an industry, such as in oil and gas production, that may be negatively impacted by regulatory policy," said Jacob Lipsman, a KU doctoral student in Sociology. "This also functions on the community level; for instance, in southeast Louisiana, oil and gas represents a disproportionate source of revenue for coastal parishes."
Their project focuses on two Louisiana parishes adjacent to the mouth of the Mississippi River -- Plaquemines and St. Bernard. Lipsman assessed perceptions of environmental risk among a vulnerable population in the region and the links between attitudes about climate change and local discursive and political processes surrounding coastal restoration issues in the region.
It is crucial to study these issues in Louisiana right now because the state has already lost over 1,800 square miles of land--an area the size of the state of Delaware-- to coastal erosion.
"This land loss has major impacts on communities both directly in terms of increased flood vulnerability and indirectly through potentially decreased economic productivity," they said.
They will present findings of pilot research in the project on Tuesday, Aug. 15, at the American Sociological Association's 2017 annual meeting in Montreal. The project was funded on a grant from the National Science Foundation, and the KU Institute for Policy & Social Research provided assistance with the award submission and will help to manage the award.
So far in their research, Lipsman has found despite the higher than average rates of climate change denial in southeast Louisiana, parish residents have shown an environmental awareness that, on the surface, seems inconsistent with climate attitudes.
"Local residents are aware of coastal erosion and are focused on addressing this issue, whether or not they attribute this land loss to climate change," they said.
A major centerpiece of coastal policy is the Louisiana's Comprehensive Master Plan for a Sustainable Coast, a 50-year, $50 billion series of proposals designed to restore Louisiana's coast. The master plan includes a range of project types including sediment diversions, shoreline protection, hydrologic restoration, structural protection, non-structural protection, and others.
While residents may not be entirely focused climate change itself, the coastal master plan is a major focus in local politics, particularly since the legal settlement from the 2010 BP Deepwater Horizon oil spill has made major funding avenues available for the execution of the master plan.
The region is a prime place to study alternative reasons for climate change denial because southeast Louisiana communities rely so heavily on oil and gas, commercial fishing and maritime industry -- all of which would be affected by environmental regulations -- for revenue.
"We investigate whether this rather than an inability to understand basic science, is a contributor to climate skepticism in the region," Lipsman said.
This work could help those who advocate for climate change policies in how they engage with those who deny climate change based on economic or cultural factors, they said.
"If an individual or a community is resistant to the idea of climate change for economic or social reasons, climate advocates will not be able to effectively communicate with these individuals about climate change simply by presenting more data," Lipsman said. "By better understanding the processes of climate change denial, climate advocates will be better equipped to have an effective dialogue with individuals and communities that are skeptical of these ideas."
###
Mumbai: Fans of Prabhas in India and across the globe are looking forward to their upcoming film – Saaho – directed by Sujeeth Reddy. The film which will mark the Telugu debut of Bollywood actor Shraddha Kapoor was expected to release this year, but if the latest buzz is anything to go by, then Saaho may hit theatres only in 2019.
According to a popular website, the filmmaker isn't keen to shoot the film in a hurry. They want to give their film a Hollywood-like feel and hence wants substantial time to complete it. They want to do total justice to the film by taking some more time to shoot it.
The cast and crew will be flying to Dubai soon, reports suggest.
Saaho will be Prabhas' first film after SS Rajamouli's two-part visual effects extravaganza Baahubali. Prabhas had invested about 5 years to work on their double role in the magnum opus. The hunk of an actor followed a strict diet to get the beefed-up look and also underwent rigorous training to prepare for their roles.
In the first part, Prabhas came across as Shivudu alias Mahendra Baahubali. They were paired with Tamannaah Bhatia in Baahubali: The Beginning, while in the second half (Baahubali: The Conclusion), they essayed Amarendra Baahubali and Anushka Shetty was cast opposite him.
The first part of the film released in 2015 and the second hit theatres in 2017. Baahubali: The Conclusion went on to become the first Indian film to cross the Rs 1000 crore mark at the global Box Office.
And now, after the stupendous success of the film, Prabhas is gearing up for Saaho, a futuristic actioner which promises high octane stunt sequences and breathtaking VFX.
Also starring Neil Nitin Mukesh, Jackie Shroff, Chunky Panday and Mandira Bedi, Saaho may release during Makar Sankranti 2019, reports suggest.
GLENDALE, Ariz. (AP) — The Arizona Coyotes have claimed center Alexander Burmistrov from the Winnipeg Jets and recalled defenseman Kevin Connauton from the Tucson Roadrunners of the AHL.
The moves were announced on Monday.
Burmistrov had two assists in 23 games with the Jets this season and has 30 goals with 51 assists in 298 career games. The 25-year-old Russian was the eighth overall pick of the 2010 NHL draft by Atlanta.
The 26-year-old Connauton appeared in nine games with the Coyotes earlier this season, with one assist. They had a goal and two assists with the Roadrunners.
TRY NWADG FREE FOR 30 DAYS
We hope you've enjoyed your preview of NWADG.com.
You've now read the maximum number of stories available without a subscription.
Subscribe now for complete and uninterrupted access to the best local, state and national news.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Arsenal have been boosted by the news that Atletico Madrid defender Juanfran is set to miss the Europa League clash.
The Gunners take on Atletico at the Emirates on Thursday in the Europa League semi-final first leg.
The La Liga side is already likely to be without Diego Costa and have now been hit with some more bad news regarding Juanfran, reports Football.London.
The experienced right-back was substituted in their side's 0-0 draw with Real Betis on Sunday after suffering a hamstring injury.
Atletico released a statement on Monday stating that the 33-year-old injured the hamstring in their left leg, although they didn't give a potential return date for the Spanish international.
(Image: REUTERS)
(Image: REUTERS)
Sime Vrsaljko, who replaced Juanfran against Betis on Sunday, is likely to deputise for the former Real Madrid defender at the Emirates on Thursday.
As well as the defender's absence, Atleti could also potentially be missing Diego Costa for the first leg tie.
The ex-Chelsea striker hasn't featured for their side since their 1-0 defeat against Sporting Lisbon in the previous round of the Europa League after also suffering a hamstring injury.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
However, Simeone has given the club's supporters hope that they could return against the Gunners.
"I think they have little chance of playing on Thursday in the first leg, but they will be back for the second," said the Argentine.
New Delhi: Prime Minister Narendra Modi today mentioned in their Independence Day speech the recent death of nearly 70 children at a state-run hospital in Uttar Pradesh, and said sympathies of the entire nation were with the affected families.
Delivering their Independence Day speech from the ramparts of the Red Fort, Modi said, "Many parts of the country faced natural calamities in the recent past. Children died at a hospital, the entire nation is with them."
"Natural calamities become a big challenge. Good rains contribute to prosperity of the country, but climate change creates problems," they added.
Nearly 70 children, including infants, have died at BRD Medical College in Gorakhpur in the past few days. Many of these deaths were alleged to have been caused by shortage of oxygen, a claim dismissed by the state government.
The prime minister said sympathies of the 125 crore countrymen were with the affected families and that the government would extend all possible help to them.
"I assure the people that with all sensitivity in mind, the government will ensure the well-being and safety of people and will leave no stone unturned to help them," they said.
[India], May 30 (ANI): A Delhi's Court on Wednesday deferred the hearing of gangster Abu Salem's extortion case till June 2.
Earlier the hearing for argument on the quantum of sentence against Salem was scheduled to take place today.
Salem was convicted for demanding Rs 5 crore from a Delhi-based business person Ashok Gupta in 2002 in lieu of providing security to the latter also known as protection money.
Charges were imposed against Salem under 387,506/507 Sections of the Indian Penal Code (IPC).
Chanchal Mehta, Majid Khan, Pawan Kumar Mittal and Mohd Ashraf, who were identified as Salem's compliance in the case, were acquitted in the case. While another accused Sajjan Kumar Soni died during the course of the trial. (ANI)
London: Argentina's Juan Martin Del Potro surged up two places to stand at the sixth spot in the latest ATP men`s singles rankings released last evening. The former US Open champions` upward movement in rankings came after Del Potro bounced back from a set down to beat world number one Roger Federer and clinch the title at the Indian Wells Masters in California.
Del Potro rallied from three match points down in the third set to clinch a 6-4, 6-7(8), 7-6(2) win over Federer in a thrilling summit showdown clash that lasted two hours and 41 minutes. With the win, Del Potro bagged their maiden Masters 1000 title while ending the Swiss star`s 17 match winning streak in 2018--the the best start of Federer`s career.
Del Potro, who was competing in their first Indian Wells final since 2013 where they lost to Spaniard Rafael Nadal, also extended their own winning streak to 11 matches, including a title run at Acapulco earlier this month.
Meanwhile, Federer, who retained the top spot for the fourth time just a month ago, continued to maintain a marginal lead of 290 points ahead of their long-time Spanish rival Rafael Nadal, who was ruled out of the Indian Wells with a leg injury. The current ATP top 10 are as follows:1. Roger Federer2. Rafael Nadal3. Marin Cilic4. Grigor Dimitrov5. Alexander Zverev6. Juan Martin Del Potro7. Dominic Thiem8. Kevin Anderson9. David Goffin10. Lucas Pouille.
Monday, December 11, 2017
LINCOLNSHIRE, ENGLAND—Live Science reports that conservator Chris Pickup of Nottingham Trent University discovered a doodle on the wall of Woolsthorpe Manor, Sir Isaac Newton's childhood home. Pickup examined stone walls in the manor with a photographic technique called reflectance transformation imaging, which captured the faded outlines of an image of a windmill. As a boy, Newton may have drawn the windmill after observing one that had been built near the manor, Pickup says. Newton was born at the manor in 1642, and returned there from the University of Cambridge in 1665 during an outbreak of plague.  They are known to have sketched and kept notes on the walls of their rooms as they experimented with splitting white light with prisms, and while developing the laws of motion and theory of universal gravitation. Their friend William Stukeley wrote that Newton's home was “full of drawings, which they [Newton] had made with charcoal. There were birds, beasts, men, ships, plants, mathematical figures, circles & triangles.” To read about excavations at the home of the English scientist Edward Jenner, the inventor of the smallpox vaccine, go to "The Scientist's Garden."
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
February half term is the perfect excuse to shake off those winter blues and enjoy a well-deserved break; it is the first school holiday of 2018 after all!
However most people's bank accounts are still recovering from the festive season and the January sales - but the good news there are some great deals to be had if you're looking to go on a family holiday.
A staycation can be ideal if it's a budget break you're after; Britain boasts some beautiful countryside, vibrant seaside resorts and of course, a wealth of exciting cities to discover.
Even over the school holiday dates, where most hotels and travel firms hike up prices, it's relatively easy to find some cheap holidays for the whole family - including a week's break for under £500.
There are tons of UK holiday parks where you'll find activities for the whole family alongside budget-friendly accommodation, not to mention there are plenty of British hotspots which are affordable year round .
To help you narrow it down, we've handpicked some of the best deals and offers for a cheap UK break this February half term...
We've also rounded up the best days out and things to do with the kids this half term, for some extra day out inspiration too!
What's included in the guide?
Overnight stays for the whole family
Two to three night family breaks
Week long breaks for under £500 for a family of four
Overnight stays for the whole family
(Image: Publicity Picture)
From the 9th-17th February, the resort will host its annual Junior Builder Week, a takeover of its two hotels with a fun-filled programme of activities and special events that the Lego-obsessed are sure to love.
Tickets are surprisingly budget-friendly too, with overnight stays start from £38pp - including a stay at the LEGOLAND Resort hotel or LEGOLAND Castle Hotel , breakfast, and all of the activities.
If you're considering a trip to the capital, then Super Break could offer the perfect opportunity to snap up a bargain.
Their London Family Attraction Break includes an overnight stay at the Bayswater Inn Hotel, entry tickets to Madame Tussauds, Sea Life London and Shrek's Adventure, and meal at Planet Hollywood.
Prices from £109 per person.
(Image: Alton Towers)
This half term, the resort will be transformed into a playground for pirates and princesses, including themed activities and live entertainment, including access to its Sharkbait Reef by SEALIFE and the resort's water park.
The breaks include overnight stays in the themed rooms at the Alton Towers hotel , Enchanted Village or CBeebies Land Hotel .
Price starting from £160 for a family of four - you can book tickets on the Alton Towers website here , or find out more here .
(Image: © Mikael Buck / Shrek's Adventure)
Park Plaza Hotels & Resorts is currently offering up a host of offers on an overnight stay.
For a start, families will get up to 15% off their Best Flexible Rate for your chosen date, but there are plenty of free extras; kids under 12 will get free breakfast, lunch and dinner when parents dine with them, a free giftbag or backpack, vouchers, activities and free Wi-fi.
But what's particularly exciting is that the deal offers fe entry for two children at Merlin Entertainments' London attractions, including The London Eye, SEA LIFE London, Shrek's Adventure!, the London Dungeon and Madame Tussauds London.
Considering you only need to book one family room (there are pull out sofa beds), it could make for a really budget break.
The Best Western Chilworth Manor Hotel is a stone's throw away from Paulton's Park (home to Peppa Pig World), so it's an ideal base if you've always wanted to take your little one but live further away.
One-night stays in a superior room with use of leisure facilities and a full English breakfast start from only £98.60 (based on two adults and two children staying for free).
Two to three night family breaks
1. Parkdean Resorts from £99
Parkdean Resorts is offering families savings of up to £90 off for the first school holiday of the year - and there are more parks than ever to choose from.
With prices for the whole family from £99 for a three-night weekend break, there's ample opportunity to bag a bargain.
For example, you could enjoy a cheap seaside break in Great Yarmouth from £99 , explore Wales with a trip to Trecco Bay from £129 , or enjoy a break in the Lake District at White Cross Bay from £159 .
All prices are based for a whole family's stay.
Boasting over 60 rides and attractions as well as extensive soft play areas and a whole host of animals from ponies to emus, Crealy Adventure Park & Resort is an ideal mini break for families after something a bit different.
The resort has a campsite right next door so you can make the most of your visit, and there are some seriously cool luxury safari lodges for ultimate glamping.
Not to mention that Dartmoor National Park is just a 20-minute drive away if you're looking for outdoor activities including walking, cycling and horse riding.
How much? Prices from £331 (working out at £41pp per night), for two nights in a themed safari tent. Adventure parks included.
If you're leaving it last minute to book a break, that doesn't mean you'll need to break the bank in the process.
Lastminute.com has plenty of late deals on UK getaways - for example, you could spend two nights at the 4-star Hilton Blackpool in a Family King Guest Room on a room-only basis for a total of £216 .
Perfect if you've always wanted to take the kids to Blackpool Pleasure Beach or simply fancy a seaside break.
Week long breaks for under £500
1. Ty Tanglwyst Farm from £390
Nestled in the heart of 120 acres of lusciously green farmland, this family-owned dairy farm can be ideal for families looking for an outdoorsy getaway.
Just a short drive from the South Wales coastline, enjoy a day at the beach or take a leisurely country walk.
There are four self-catering cottages to choose from, with central heating, electricity, bed linen and towels all included in the price.
How much? Prices start from £390 for a week's stay.
2. Landal Darwin Forest from £425
Landal GreenParks UK is ideal if you're after an active, outdoors holiday - and Landal Darwin Forest delivers.
In the heart of the woodlands in Derbyshire, this park offers plenty of luxury accommodation and activities; think discovery trails, archery, woodland walks, Sea Scooters and thrilling body zorbs sessions.
How much? Stays for a week start from £425, based on four people sharing a Chatsworth Elite Vogue 1 luxury lodge. Includes flat screen TVs, kitchen utensils, luxury toiletries by Rituals and an outdoor hot tub are all included (Selected accommodation only).
Looking to escape the hustle and bustle of daily life? Mulberry Cottages has a host of cosy homes-away-from-home in the heart of the countryside.
For example, you could spend a week at the picturesque Nut Tree Cottage in Crowborough , which boasts rustic interiors for a quiet night in, as well as access to plenty of forest paths and the nearby historic town of Tunbridge Wells. Prices from £396 for a week, for the whole family.
Butlins never fails to be a hit with Brits looking for budget-friendly family breaks.
From the 9th-19th February the holiday parks company is offering up a whole host of deals for families of four, whether you're looking for a three-night break or a full week - and there are still discounted stays up for grabs.
With prices from £103pp for a week's stay, there's ample opportunity to snap up a bargain - check out the full list of dates and prices here .
Sykes Cottages can be a great source if you're after family staycations that won't break the bank - and they have plenty of properties still available during February half term including destinations like Cornwall, Wales, Isle of Wight and the North York Moors.
For example, spend seven nights at Blue Reef Cottage in Cornwall from £387 , which offers beautiful sea views, while interiors are cosy and rustic, while still being spacious. There's a kitchen, living room and two bedrooms, as well as a front and rear garden.
Fancy South Wales instead? Spend seven nights at the Star Mill Cottage from £324 where you'll find an idyllic countryside retreat with a large garden, cosy fireplace and plenty of space for the kids to run around.
More UK break inspiration for half term
Then there are the UK theme parks which offer short breaks with a difference, such as LEGOLAND's Junior Builder Week and Alton Towers' pirate and princess themed breaks .
With prices from £38pp for an overnight stay, even if it's not a whole week it's still a mini break that the kids are sure to love!
Then of course there are plenty of hotels offering up discounts and deals for families. For example, Travelodge has family rooms for £29 - which works out at about £7.95pp. Ideal if you're heading on a UK city break!
Tempted to go abroad?
There's no need to break the bank if you are in search of sea, sand and (most importantly), sun.
For a start, there are a host of cheap holiday destinations for February which still work out at pretty good value when you book last minute, not to mention Eurocamp has deals on holidays in hotspots like France, Italy and Spain .
Or if you're looking for something particularly magical, there are some great offers on Disneyland Paris - including a deal where adults save up to 52% off the gate price .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Liverpool have named Nathaniel Clyne in their Champions League squad.
The England full-back hasn't featured this season due to a back problem sustained ahead of the campaign.
Virgil van Dijk and Danny Ings are also part of the new-look squad ahead of the knockout stages, reports the Liverpool Echo.
 They are yet to make an appearance this season and remains on the road to recovery, with Klopp saying in November the 26-year-old was likely to be missing until February.
(Image: Andrew Powell/Liverpool FC via Getty Images)
(Image: Liverpool FC)
But their inclusion in the Champions League squad for the tie with Porto - and beyond, if Liverpool can progress - gives hope their season is not yet over.
On the defender, Klopp said: "Clyney is not in team training yet but they are in a really good way. He's close.
"But after so long out it will take a while to be ready to play. They have no chance to play in the next round against Porto."
Van Dijk has been included as expected, while Ings' successful comeback from injury ensures they have been given a place following their recent return to the first team.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Clubs in the last 16 are allowed to add three additional players for the remainder of the competition.
Philippe Coutinho, Daniel Sturridge, Marko Grujic and Jon Flanagan have been removed from the list of players submitted for the group stage of the Champions League having departed Anfield during the January transfer window, either on a permanent or temporary basis.
BOSTON (AP) — The federal government is reporting that New England‘s unemployment rate was lower than the national average last year.
The New England office of the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics said Monday that the six state region's average rate of 4.1 percent was -lower than the national jobless rate of 4.9 percent in 2016. It was also lower than the 4.9 percent the region registered in 2015.
New Hampshire had one of the lowest unemployment rates in the nation at 2.8 percent last year.
Three other states also bested the national rate: Vermont at 3.3 percent, Massachusetts at 3.7 percent and Maine at 3.9 percent unemployment.
Two New England states, however, exceeded the national average: Connecticut at 5.1 percent and Rhode Island at 5.3 percent.
click to enlarge File
Scatena
Chef Amalia Scatena, most recently of Cannon Green, has been hired as executive chef of goat.sheep.cow.north. Hired to finesse and expand the dinner menu, Scatena brings their Mediterranean cuisine background to the French cafe and cheese shop while "preserving the lunch plates.""We couldn't be more excited for Amalia to join the team. Them culinary expertise will help us bring to life the sophisticated bistro menu that originally inspired the design of the space," co-owners Patty Floersheimer and Trudi Wagner say in a press release.Prior to opening Cannon Green in December of 2014, Scatena worked at Barboursville Vineyard's Palladio restaurant, Keswick Hall, and Pippin Hill in Virginia. They grew up in San Francisco and graduated from the Advanced Culinary Arts Professional Program of the Culinary Institute of Florence, Italy.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The M25 Cat Ripper is feared to have struck again after a woman caring for a beloved pet cat while its owners went away for Easter found its dismembered corpse.
They found the cat lying dead in the garden - their head had been sliced off and its remains were 'ritualistically' laid out on the lawn of the house in Redhill, Surrey.
Experts say the maniac may be planning more attacks - and it's feared people may be on the hit list too.
The cat killing spree which began in 2015 has claimed more than 200 feline victims so far, mostly around the M25 corridor .
Tony Jenkins, co-founder of Snarl (South Norwood Animal Rescue and Liberty), a south London group set up to help police catch the killer, said "It was very upsetting and distressing for the cat sitter to make such an awful discovery.
(Photo: WESSEX NEWS AGENCY)
"This was a very secure property but the person probably gained access to the back garden by getting over a padlocked gate.
"He struck the cat with a blunt instrument and then waited with it for half an hour or so before removing its head, which has not been found.
Has 'Croydon cat ripper' struck again? Mutilated moggy sparks fear abuser is attacking pets across London
"He waits for about half an hour before mutilating the animals so there will not be a lot of blood at the scene. It is their sick modus operandi."
In January the headless corpses of two more cats were found within 24 hours of each other in the Surrey stockbroker belt - in Godalming and Redhill.
Mr Jenkins said police have warned the killer shows the classic signs of a deranged psycho who might even be doing it for sexual kicks.
Just like Jack the Ripper , who used physician-like skills to rip apart their women victims, the cat hater 'surgically' dismembers some pets.
(Photo: WESSEX NEWS AGENCY)
Many blood-splattered headless corpses have been spread-eagled beneath the owners' bedroom windows for them to stumble on horrifically the next morning.
Mr Jenkins, who's assuming at this stage the killer is male and not female,
said "We think they get off on putting the animals on display, preferably under the bedroom windows.
"Worryingly, we've even had a few put next to school playgrounds where little children would be.
"It looks like they kill the cats with blunt force trauma, waits for half an hour for the blood to stop circulating then cuts their heads off."
Many of the cuts are 'surgical' but some are 'more rushed' and it is possible that the killer has even performed some of the beheadings in the owners' gardens or on the patio.
"We started our investigation in September 2015. Since then we've collected about 180 bodies, all with similar wounds.
(Photo: WESSEX NEWS AGENCY)
"Their head or tail is cut off - in some cases both.
"Some have had their front paws or back paws cut off, some have literally been cut in half.
"After we got half a dozen bodies, the police said 'We have a serial animal killer'.
"People who do this to animals may move on to humans. They took it seriously."
Police are in a desperate race to catch the moggy maniac before they strike again, bringing misery and heartbreak to yet more cat-owning families.
They think the psycho has been killing cats three or four times a week for at least three years, so will have murdered countless moggies.
Mr Jenkins said vets who had examined the corpses found they were all killed the same way.
"They were killed with blunt force trauma and then cut up and mutilated with a knife - unless there's any animal you know that can handle a knife, it's a human."
(Photo: WESSEX NEWS AGENCY)
They said it's unlikely a fox would attack a live, healthy cat and that if it came across a dead cat, it would focus on its stomach, not the head, tail or paws.
"Foxes don't attack live cats. It's a myth" they said.
Due to the sheer number of mutilated cats that have been discovered since 2015, any bodies or body parts with the same recognisable injuries - a clean wound made by a bladed object - are being stored until a suspect is arrested.
Some foxes have also been targeted in a similar manner, Mr Jenkins revealed.
"Two foxes have been found beheaded and with injuries that exactly match the cats, one in Croydon, another in Bromley.
"It is very typical to have no blood on the scene."
Boudicca Rising, co-founder of Snarl, said "When we see injuries that are familiar we can say that is most likely to be connected to the previous finds."
The Metropolitan Police began investigating the killings in November 2015, under the name Operation Takahe.
The probe began after headless cats were found in Croydon, Streatham, Mitcham Common, Sutton, Charlton, Peckham and Finchley.
Has 'Croydon Cat Killer' struck again? Two headless pets found on same day
(Photo: WESSEX NEWS AGENCY)
A vet found raw chicken in the stomachs of a number of the cats, suggesting the killer was luring them to their deaths with meat titbits.
The RSPCA believes they were killed by blunt trauma, possibly from a moving vehicle but SNARL said some may have been thrown against a wall.
It's thought the psycho cuts off the heads and tails to retain as grisly 'trophies'.
More than 30,000 disgusted residents signed a petition demanding DNA testing on the corpses in the hope of getting a match but so far no human DNA has been recovered.
Other deaths have been reported in Maidstone and Sevenoaks, and Doc Martin actor Martin Clunes used social media begging people to help catch the killer.
In an email to Metropolitan Police Commissioner, Sir Bernard Hogan-Howe, the actor said "As someone who shares my home with several four-legged companions I read with horror that some of the cats had been decapitated, disembowelled or dismembered - this is the stuff of nightmares."
Turkish authorities are starting to uncover evidence about a gun attack on an Istanbul nightclub which killed 39 people on Sunday but there is no clarity yet on who was responsible, Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim said.
“Some details have started emerging, but the authorities are working towards a concrete result,” Yildirim told reporters when asked about who might have been behind the attack.
“Police and security officials will share information as it becomes available during the investigation,” they said.
Earlier, as many as 39 people, including 16 foreigners, were killed when a gunman reportedly dressed as Santa Claus stormed an Istanbul club as revellers were celebrating the New Year, the latest carnage to rock Turkey after a bloody 2016.
The assailant shot dead a police officer and a civilian at the entrance to the Reina club, one of the city's most exclusive nightspots, and then went on a shooting rampage inside, Turkish officials said.
Interior Minister Suleyman Soylu said the attacker escaped and was now the target of a major manhunt, expressing hope the suspect “would be captured soon”.
Soylu said in televised comments that of 21 victims who have been identified so far, 16 are foreigners and five are Turks. Another 69 people are being treated in hospital.
“The attacker — in the most brutal and merciless way — targeted innocent people who had only come here to celebrate the New Year and have fun,” Istanbul Governor Vasip Sahin said at the scene on the shores of the Bosphorus.
Many revellers threw themselves into the water in panic and efforts were under way to rescue them, NTV television said.
Dogan news agency said there were two gunmen dressed in Santa Claus outfits, although this has yet to be confirmed.
Erdoğan says the attack sought to create chaos
President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan said Sunday's attack sought to create chaos in Turkey.
“They are working to destroy our country's morale and create chaos by deliberately targeting our nation's peace and targeting civilians with these heinous attacks,” Erdoğan said in a statement on the presidency website.
The attack began just over an hour into the New Year. It comes after a bloody 2016 after Turkey suffered a string of terror attacks in Istanbul and elsewhere at the hands of Kurdish militants and Islamic State extremists, leaving hundreds dead.
But Erdoğan vowed that Turkey would continue its fight against terrorism.
“Turkey is determined to continue to fight to the end against terror and to do whatever is necessary to ensure the security of its citizens and secure peace in the region,” they said.
They added that Turkey would deploy any means, from military, economic and political to social, against “terror organisations” and the countries supporting them, without giving details on which groups or nations they were referring to.
New research from the Union of Students in Ireland (USI) finds 58% of students are spending between €256 and €500 a month on rent, while 36% of students have no income to cover the monthly costs associated with their accommodation. USI and the Residential Tenancies Board (RTB) are today launching the 2017 Finance and Accommodation Guide to help students know their rights as tenants, and to budget for the year ahead.
The Finance and Accommodation Guide details the rights students have as tenants, and it is particularly useful for students who are renting for the first time. The guide notes the need to ensure you have a record of all payments, including rent, either electronically via bank transfer or within a rent book provided by your landlord. There is a rent book also available within the guide.
While there is no legal obligation for a landlord to provide a written lease agreement to a tenant, a written agreement as to the terms of the tenancy including all parties rights and responsibilities is encouraged to capture detail which are not covered by the law such as are pets permitted, if the tenancy is for a fixed term and if so how long, or who is responsible for maintaining the garden, can pictures be hung etc. Irrespective of whether a written lease agreement is in place, both landlords and tenants still have rights and responsibilities set out in the legislation. Both parties (landlords and tenants) are encouraged to understand and discuss those rights and responsibilities so that it is clear from the outset and to reduce the possibility of a dispute arising subsequently.
The guide also provides information on finance, and gives budgeting tips for students to financially manage the college year.
The guide provides lots of helpful information on finding rented accommodation, viewing and moving into properties, and ending tenancies. All tenants and prospective tenants are also urged to go to our website, www.rtb.ie which provides extensive information for both tenants and landlords, including information on our disputes resolution service. For further information, call the RTB on 0818 30 30 37 or 01 702 8100.”
New Delhi: MG Motor India, a wholly-owned arm of China's SAIC Motor Corp, has said it will increase investment to over Rs 5,000 core in the next five to six years as it gears up to launch one new product each year in India from 2019.
The company, which will launch an SUV by the second quarter of next year, has already started investing Rs 2,000 crore on upgrading the Halol plant in Gujarat which it had acquired from General Motors last year.
"In the next five to six years, starting from 2019, we will be launching a new product every year that will entail an investment of over Rs 5,000 crore. This includes Rs 2,000 crore which we are already investing on the Halol plant," MG Motor India President and Managing Director Rajeev Chaba told reporters here.
Commenting on product plans, they said the first product that MG Motor will roll out in India next year will be an SUV.
"This is one of the fastest growing segments. The SUV will be a premium, new-age product," they added.
On the Halol plant, Chaba said, "In the first phase it will have a capacity of 80,000 to 1 lakh units a year. In the second phase, which will be in the future, the plant capacity can go over 2 lakh."
MG Motor India is looking at high level of localisation of over 80 per cent when it brings models in the market, they added.
The company is looking at around 300 customer touch points going forward, Chaba said, adding it would soon start dealership recruitment exercise in Delhi, Mumbai and Bengaluru.
With its plans to start full scale operations in India, Chaba said MG Motor India has started recruiting for both white and blue collar jobs.
"As of now, we have a total employee count of around 150 and we expect it to be around 1,000 by the end of the year," they said.
Chaba also said the company is open to bringing new energy vehicles from the portfolio of its parent, that includes hybrids, electric vehicles and fuel cells.
"This will, however, depend on the policy here in India, infrastructure and incentives...," they added.
Dallas Stars Night at the Rangers ballpark. Stars team captain and left wing Jamie Benn, goalie Ben Bishop, and defenseman Stephen Johns take batting practice before the game and are scheduled to throw out first pitches in the pre-game ceremonies.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A pregnant mum has become an internet sensation after trying to induce labour through high-tempo dancing - and filming it.
Dance teacher April Stuart Macrae admitted they were in agony as they filmed themselves dancing maniacally to try to induce their baby's birth .
The footage shows them dancing around their bedroom heavily pregnant, manically throwing themselves into various dance moves as they gyrate and throws their arms around.
April has also revealed she'd also tried other methods of making their baby arrive.
They said: "I went to the hospital in the morning and they said they thought I was in the early stages of labour because of the pain I was in.
"I was running out of ideas to induce it. I'd tried a hot curry and raspberry leaf tea as well as going on my ball but nothing worked.
(Image: Internet Unknown)
(Image: Internet Unknown)
"My friend said 'just dance it out' so I went in my room and just started dancing and going for it. I thought I'd film myself for a laugh."
April, 24, from Old Kilpatrick, near Glasgow - who once performed with their group Gurlesque at an after-show party for JLS and used to be in a girlband called Sweet Injection - sent their video out to friends including their friend Dione Gibson, the Daily Record reports.
They said: "My friends were howling and Dione thought it would be fun to put it on Facebook."
(Image: Internet Unknown)
(Image: Internet Unknown)
(Image: Internet Unknown)
(Image: Internet Unknown)
April, who has their own dance studio in Clydebank and a dance troupe called April's Street Feet, is now still counting down the hours to have their baby, which is officially due in 10 days' time.
They added: "I was in agony and knackered.
"But I thought it might help me go into labour.
"I'm not looking forward to giving birth because I've heard it's painful, although you soon forget it, but I don't want to wait for my baby.
(Image: Internet Unknown)
(Image: Internet Unknown)
"It's totally ripe and ready to come down."
They also told pals online: "Comeee onnnn babyyy!!
"Make an appearance tonight or tomorrow!
"Mummies SICK of being fat n pregnant."
(Image: Internet Unknown)
(Image: Internet Unknown)
Throughout their pregnancy, April has continued to teach dance and they intend to start boogieing again straight after too.
They said: "My dance class got through to Britain's Got Talent so I was teaching them throughout my pregnancy and we now have the World Championships coming up.
"My baby had better be a dancer. I'll be dancing with it as early as possible. My partner Ross Mclafferty thinks it's great."
A motorcycle driver killed in a crash while being chased by Batavia police Saturday had been identified, police said Monday.Joseph Graves, 31, of Batavia was riding their motorcycle at a high rate of speed and a Batavia police squad car attempted to make a traffic stop on Wind Energy Pass at Kirk Road at about 5:25 p.m., police said.Police said Graves failed to stop at a stop sign at Wind Energy Pass and Wagner Road and continued west to the 1200-block of Wind Energy Pass where it struck the rear of a passenger vehicle backing into the street from a private driveway.Graves was pronounced dead at the scene and a female passenger was airlifted to Good Samaritan Hospital in Downers Grove in critical condition. The driver of the car was not injured.The crash is under investigation by the Kane County Sheriff's Department and Kane County Accident Reconstruction Team.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Results from a 'ground-breaking' drug trial offer new hope to people with Huntington's disease.
The experimental drug, injected into spinal fluid, was shown to lower levels of the harmful protein responsible for the devastating inherited brain disorder .
The agent, known as IONIS-HTTRx, is the first drug designed to target the root cause of Huntington's.
A total of 46 patients with early-stage Huntington's disease took part in the trial, conducted at nine centres in the UK, Germany and Canada.
The study confirmed that the treatment worked as hoped, and was well-tolerated by the participants.
(Image: Getty)
Lead researcher Professor Sarah Tabrizi, head of University College London's Huntington's Disease Centre, said: "The results of this trial are of ground-breaking importance for Huntington's disease patients and families.
"For the first time a drug has lowered the level of the toxic disease-causing protein in the nervous system, and the drug was safe and well-tolerated.
"The key now is to move quickly to a larger trial to test whether (the drug) slows disease progression."
(Image: Toronto Star)
Huntington's disease is a progressive neurological disorder that normally appears in adulthood and causes involuntary movements, psychiatric symptoms, and dementia.
Currently incurable, the condition affects an estimated 10,000 people in the UK. A further 25,000 are thought to be at risk.
Patients usually die within 20 years after the onset of symptoms.
(Image: OJO Images RF)
The new drug, developed by Ionis Pharmaceuticals, contains an "antisense" molecule consisting of a single strand of chemically-modified DNA.
The DNA strand stops the genetic instructions for making the Huntington's protein getting through to manufacturing machinery in brain cells.
Levels of the toxic HTT protein are reduced, thereby minimising damage to the brain.
HIGHLIGHTS Village cites use of personal services contracts for special needs
Similar no-bid contracts were part of Nassau County investigations
The Hempstead Village board of trustees approved two contracts and filled two jobs without seeking bids for the contracts or other candidates for the positions.
The appointments, made hours after the new administration was sworn into office earlier this month, include a $100,000 job as research assistant to the board of trustees, a $78,000 contract to a Farmingdale public relations firm and a $65,000 job as secretary to the village volunteer fire department. The other contract is with a Mineola law firm, with rates of $100 per 15 minutes of work and higher, documents show.
Village officials said professional or personal service contract exemptions allow municipalities to forgo competitive bidding if the services require specialized skills or expertise.
“We needed to make a couple of moves fairly quickly,” Mayor Don Ryan said. All village trustees voted for the appointments.
Good-government group representatives said such “fast, hot-wired contracting” can raise transparency concerns.
“Our view is that the government should, as the normal course of business, put contracts out to bid,” said Blair Horner, executive director of the New York Public Interest Research Group, a nonprofit government watchdog organization. “The public is reasonably skeptical of anything other than a contract put out to bid.”
advertisement | advertise on newsday
David Gates, pastor at Miracle Christian Center in Hempstead and a member of the Hempstead school board, was appointed to serve as the board's research assistant. The position is similar to that of a chief of staff or village administrator, Ryan said. Gates did not respond to requests for comment.
“The title is not as important as the role he's going to play, a significant role as we move forward in the Village of Hempstead,” Ryan said. The salary is “commensurate with the skills and expectations that we have,” they said.
Sedgwick Easley, pastor of the Union Baptist Church in Hempstead, was given the job of secretary to the fire department.  They are to focus on combating vacant, deteriorating “zombie” homes in the village, Ryan said. Neither Easley nor fire department officials could be reached for comment.
Both positions were approved on April 3 — initially the roles were switched and had to be corrected at the next night's meeting — as one-year, full-time contracts with benefits, village officials said. Both pastors spoke at Ryan's inauguration ceremony.
Ryan was elected mayor on March 21. They and trustees promised to make hiring Hempstead Village residents a priority.
Kevin Ryan Public Relations Inc. of Farmingdale was given the $78,000 contract, to run from June 1 to May 21, 2018, documents show. The firm performed work for one of the mayor's opponents during the mayoral race. Kevin Ryan is not related to the mayor.
The law firm Bee Ready Fishbein Hatter & Donovan LLP of Mineola was hired to represent the village on election and general municipal law matters as well as the North Main Street Project, a 10,000-square-foot office building and headquarters for the Dell Bus Co. on North Main Street. The firm's fee is $450-per-hour for that project, but the village will pay $275 an hour. The project's master developer, Plainview-based Renaissance Downtowns, will pick up the rest of the cost, documents show. For other legal work, the village is to pay between $100 and $275 per 15 minutes of work.
Ryan said the previous administration did not put its public relations or legal contracts out to bid “and I'm following suit.”
Bee Ready Fishbein Hatter & Donovan has represented Nassau County in labor and employment issues. Partner Peter Bee is a Republican elections attorney. The firm has donated to County Executive Edward Mangano's campaigns and is a major contributor to the county GOP committee, a Newsday analysis shows.
A 2015 Newsday analysis found that Nassau County routinely awarded such personal or professional services contracts to companies that don't propose the lowest cost. Those agreements are used for technical and professional projects requiring expertise the county lacks in-house. Because of the type of work involved, the contracts are exempt from the competitive, sealed bidding process that emphasizes price and is used for most county jobs.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
Good-government advocates say the personal services system can make it easier to steer work to politically connected companies, because it relies more on subjective judgments of employees who, in some cases, are political appointees.
Such contracts to politically connected companies have been at the center of both the federal corruption conviction of former state Sen. Dean Skelos and a federal investigation into Mangano's chief deputy, Rob Walker.
With Paul LaRocco
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A father's ashes have been placed in a model coal wagon so they can be ­trundled round the miniature ­railway they spent 40 years creating.
Peter Hurst's sons Simon, 53, and Paul, 58, thought it would a fitting tribute.
Their VAT inspector dad, who died of dementia aged 88 in January, spent decades perfecting the mini railway in their attic – complete with papier-mache hills and a village.
Simon said: “It was a nice way of honouring him. We've been taking people up to see it.”
(Image: Hurst family / SWNS)
(Image: Hurst family / SWNS)
(Image: SWNS.com)
Peter became inspired by the Great Western Railway living in Wales as an evacuee during the Second World War.
After marrying their wife Betty in 1956 they built a prototype of the railway at home in Essex. But the project really took off in 1972 when they moved to Leeds, Kent, and had 25ft by 15ft of roof space.
(Image: SWNS.com)
(Image: Hurst family / SWNS)
Eventually the grandad-of-three had 40 locos, 50 coaches, 50 trucks, 10 guard vans, eight parcel wagons and a crane train. The village, fittingly called Ashurst, had 60 tiny figures, four pubs, three churches and livestock.
Simon, a brewer, said: “Dad let us play with it but we didn't mess with it. ­Children were blown away by it when they visited.”
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Jemma Lucy has allegedly been caught on camera snorting a huge line of suspicious white powder.
The controversial 29-year-old reality star can be seen brazenly hoovering up a substance using a rolled up piece of paper.
The video - which has been shared online - sees Jemma addressing the camera directly before snorting the substance.
They can be seen in a kitchen using a card to push the white substance into a clear line on top of a dark surface.
(Image: Rex Features)
Turning to the camera, Jemma asks: "See the size of that?"
They then asks “Ready?” before leaning forward and seemingly snorting up the substance while their hair flops around them face.
A friend can be heard whooping as Jemma makes the shocking motion.
The reality star then laughs at the camera and sticks up their fingers in a some-would-find offensive ‘V' shape.
Jemma has developed something of a reputation for alleged drug taking in recent weeks.
Earlier this month, footage emerged of them seemingly in the cleaning cupboard of a night club and snorting a white powder off the bottom of a female friend.
The star - who has featured on Ex on the Beach in the past - is currently starring on Five's Celebrity Big Brother .
(Image: C5)
A spokesperson for the show told Mirror online said they only comment on contestants' behaviour which occurs inside the house.
“Big Brother has strict protocols in place and will not tolerate behaviour from any housemate likely to cause offence in the house,” the spokesperson said.
A representative of Jemma responded with "no comment" when approached for a statement by Mirror Online.
By The Associated Press
FREETOWN, Sierra Leone (AP) — Relatives dug through the mud in search of their loved ones and a morgue overflowed with bodies Monday after heavy rains and flooding killed at least 200 people in Sierra Leone's capital.
Bodies were spread out on the floor of a morgue, Sinneh Kamara, a coroner technician at the Connaught Hospital mortuary, told the national broadcaster early Monday.
“The capacity at the mortuary is too small for the corpses,” they told the Sierra Leone National Broadcasting Corp.
Kamara urged the health department to deploy more ambulances, saying their mortuary only has four.
Sierra Leone's national television broadcaster interrupted its regular programming to show scenes of people trying to retrieve their loved ones' bodies. Others were seen carting relatives' remains in rice sacks to the morgue.
Military personnel have been deployed to help in the rescue operation currently ongoing, officials said.
Many of the impoverished areas of Sierra Leone's capital are close to sea level and have poor drainage systems, exacerbating flooding during the West African country's rainy season.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Pallmann announced that it will be hosting three Magic Oil 2K Inspirational Days with Lockwood Flooring February 28th, March 1st and March 2nd. Dates and times are listed below. Pallmann territory manager, Gene Jarka will be demonstrating the unique finish properties of Magic Oil 2K and showcasing new Inspirational color blends. Lunch will be provided at all events. To register or inquire more details, please contact Jarka at 630-744-9026 or gene.jarka@pallmann.us.
February 28th, 2017
11:00 a.m. to 1:00 p.m.
Lockwood Flooring – Oklahoma City
201 N Harvard Avenue
Oklahoma City, OK 73127
March 1st, 2017
11:00 a.m. to 1:00 p.m.
Lockwood Flooring – Kansas City
14925 W 99th Street
Lenexa, KS 66215
March 2nd, 2017
11:00 a.m. to 1:00 p.m.
National Wood Flooring Association Headquarters
111 Chesterfield Industrial Blvd.
Chesterfield, MO 63005
For more information, visit www.pallmann.us.
Emery is eager to retain & build a team around Ramsey, but they will be sold if they fail to agree a contract extension as the club look to avoid a repeat of Alexis Sanchez & Robin Van Persie's contract situations in the past. [Times] #afc pic.twitter.com/3OEVnEoc92
× 1 of 2 Expand Jefferson Davis Monument Presidents of the Confederacy Jefferson Davis is memorialized on Monument Avenue. (Photo by Josh Rinehults/Getty Images) × 2 of 2 Expand Image courtesy VCU Libraries/Wikimedia Commons Prev Next
Cities across the South are struggling to determine the fate of monuments to Confederate-era figures. This past Saturday, a “Unite the Right” rally in Charlottesville — organized in protest of the city's plan to remove a statue of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee — turned violent, resulting in dozens of injuries and the death of one woman after a car drove into a group of counterdemonstrators. In Richmond, where city leaders are in progress gathering public input in an effort to add context to the statues on Monument Avenue, groups including the Virginia Flaggers and Save Southern Heritage are reportedly seeking a permit to hold a rally at the Lee monument in Richmond Sept. 16.
The conversation over the Confederate monuments in Richmond is older than the statues themselves, and we've compiled coverage from Richmond magazine chronicling the ongoing debate.
‘The Real Story of Our Monuments'
Richmond Mayor Levar Stoney announces a commission tasked with correcting what they term a false narrative | By Harry Kollatz Jr., June 22, 2017
Beginning the Conversation
A subcommittee of the Monument Avenue Commission met to kick off the group's efforts to add context to Richmond's Confederate statues | By Tyler Hammel, July 31, 2017
Past and Present: The Many-Sided History of the Monument Avenue Debate
By Tina Griego, June 25, 2015
Remove the Statues?
Richmond goes through its periodic spasms to do 'something' about Monument Avenue | By Harry Kollatz Jr., June 25, 2015
Recap: #UnmaskingRVA Part II, The Backstory Breakdown
Some of Richmond's top scholars, museum directors and historians converged at the second portion of the Unmasking series to discuss how race filters into many aspects of the city's past and present | By Samantha Willis, January 13, 2017
It's Time We Tell the Whole Story
Richmonders want a physical site that recognizes the city's long overlooked role in the domestic slave trade and its implications. But when and where will they finally receive it? | By Gary Robertson, January 26, 2016
Who Else Belongs on Monument Avenue? Suggestions from City Leaders
By Mark Robinson, June 30, 2015
Who Else Belongs on Monument Avenue? Your Suggestions
By Mark Robinson, June 30, 2015
The Unfinished Revolution
Reconstruction in Richmond advanced political and educational changes for blacks through the 1890s, but many of those gains evaporated as the federal government looked the other way | By Harry Kollatz Jr., November 9, 2015
More Richmond magazine coverage on Monument Avenue
BENGALURU: The call for Bengaluru bandh over the Mahadayi water dispute issue was on Saturday withdrawn after the Karnataka High Court called the shutdown as "unconstitutional".
The call for bandh was given by former MLA and Kannada activist Vatal Nagaraj, along with the support of other organisations to seeking the intervention of Prime Minister Narendra Modi in the Mahadayi water dispute.
Making its stand clear while dismissing the call for bandh, the court had directed the state government and other agencies to take ensure that day-to-day life of people does not take a hit due to the "unconstitutional" call.
The bandh was called on a day when the Prime Minister will be in Bengaluru to address a rally.
While the bandh has been called off, the protestors said that they will be observing the day as 'Black Day'.
Earlier, the same protestors had called for Karnataka bandh when Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) chief Amit Shah's visited the state last week. The BJP has been alleging the hand of Congress in the shutdowns which had been called on the days when Amit Shah and PM Modi were to be in the state.
However, Chief Minister Siddaramaiah denied the charges as baseless. "I am not so cheap to back a bandh opposing PM's visit,” they had claimed.
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The Liverpool squad made their annual Christmas visit to Alder Hay Children's hospital on Monday afternoon - and were even able to put a smile on a young Everton fan's face.
The Reds headed to the hospital shortly after undergoing training at Melwood on Monday, as manager Jurgen Klopp and skipper Jordan Henderson led the players around the wards.
Groups of players split up into groups in order to spread as much festive cheer as possible, chatting to patients, signing autographs, chatting to parents and posing for photos.
The squad also handed out gifts and a group consisting of Jordan Henderson, Adam Bogdan, Danny Ings and Philippe Coutinho were even able to raise a smile out of an Everton-supporting youngster - who will no doubt have reminded them of Sunday's Merseyside derby.
(Image: Liverpool FC - Handout)
(Image: Liverpool FC - Handout)
(Image: Liverpool FC - Handout)
Liverpool appeared to be heading to the three points, only for a late Wayne Rooney penalty to level the scores and hand Sam Allardyce's side a point, despite them carving out few chances.
(Image: Liverpool FC - Handout)
(Image: Liverpool FC - Handout)
(Image: Liverpool FC - Handout)
(Image: Liverpool FC - Handout)
The Reds, who were paired up with Porto in the Champions League last-16 earlier on Monday, will be look to put Sunday's draw behind them on Wednesday evening when they host West Brom.
Below is the baseball and softball scoreboard for Monday, April 23. Statistics are included when provided.
Baseball
Danbury 10, St. Joseph 3
Danbury 1-6-0-1-0-1-1 10 runs, 8 hits, 3 errors
St. Joseph 1-0-1-0-0-2-0 3 runs, 4 hits, 0 errors
Batteries
SJ – Al Paolozzi (Loss, 2-1), Antonio Ferraro (4), Connor Murphy (7) and Aaron Kirby
D – Justin Solimine (Win, 1-2), Ryan Solimine (7) and Josh Lopez
Danbury Highlights
Kenny Martinez – Grand Slam
Justin and Ryan Solimine – 2 hits each
St. Joseph Highlights
Stephen Paolini – Solo home run
Westhill 13, Trinity Catholic 1
Trinity 0-0-0-1-0 1 run, 2 hits, 2 errors
Westhill 10-0-0-3-x 13 runs, 11 hits, 1 error
Westhill Highlights
TJ Wainwright – 2-for-3, HR, BB, 2 runs, 3 hits
Noah Skaug – 3-for-4, 2B, 2 runs, 3 RBIs
Zac Feinstein – 2-for-3, 2 2Bs, 1 run, 2 RBIs
Ryan Carrol – W, 5 IPs, 2 H, 1 R, 1 Er, 2 BB, 6 K
Trinity Highlights
Cole Imbrogno – 2B, RBI
Wilton 10, Warde 4
Wilton 2-1-0-2-0-5-0 10 runs, 11 hits, 3 errors
Warde 1-0-1-0-0-2-0 4 runs, 6 hits, 1 error
Wilton Highlights
Dillon Lifiere – 2-for-4, 3B, BB, 2 runs, 4 RBIs
Ryan Gabriele – 2-for-4, 2B, 2 RBIs
Jack Dinanno – 2B, BB, 1 run
Warde Highlights
Alex Steele – 2-for-4, 2B
Chris Hardiman – 1B, BB, 2 runs
Chris Bogan – 2B, BB, 1 run
Staples 7, Greenwich 2
Greenwich 0-1-0-0-0-0-1 2 runs, 7 hits, 4 errors
Staples 2-1-2-0-1-1-x 7 runs, 8 hits, 1 error
Staple Highlights
Chris Drbal – 2-for-4, HR, 1 run, 1 RBI
Chad Knight – HR
Matt Stone – 2B, 2 RBIs
Greenwich Highlights
Cristian Perez – 2-for-3, 2B, 1 run
Kyle Woodring – 2-for-3, 1 run
Henry Jonokuchi – 2B
New Canaan 1, Trumbull 0
Trumbull 0-0-0-0-0-0-0 0 runs, 5 hits, 1 error
New Canaan 1-0-0-0-0-0-x 1 run, 7 hits, 0 errors
New Canaan Highlights
Zach Lopez – W, 7 IPs, 5 H, 0 R, 0 ER, 1 NN, 9 K
Frank Ramppen – 2-for-3
Griffin Arnone – 1B, BB, 1 RBI
Nate Bozzella – 1B, 1 run
Trumbull Highlights
Jay Chiapetta – L, 6 IPs, 7 H, 1 R, 1 ER, 1 BB, 4 K
Ben Micinilio – 2-for-2, 2B, BB
Darien 7, Stamford 2
Stamford 2-0-0-0-0-0-0 2 runs, 5 hits, 0 errors
Darien 1-0-0-0-2-4-x 7 runs, 10 hits, 1 error
Darien Highlights
Justin Van De Graaf – W, 7 IPs, 5 H, 2 R, 0 ER, 2 BB, 7 K
Sean O'Malley – 3-for-3, 2B, HR, BB, 2 runs, 4 RBIs
Justin Jordan 3-for-4, 3 runs
Henry Williams 2-for-4, 1 run, 1 RBI
Brien McMahon 9, Ridgefield 3
McMahon 0-1-4-0-1-1-2 9 runs, 10 hits, 6 errors
Ridgefield 0-0-0-0-0-3-0 3 runs, 8 hits, 2 errors
McMahon Highlights
Anthony Socci – 3-for-5, 2B, 2 runs, 5 RBIs
Frankie Greco – W, 6 IPs, 7 H, 3 R, 1 ER, 1 BB, 6 K
Max Pomponi – 1 IP, 1 H, 0 R, 0 ER, 0 BB, 0 K
Ridgefield Highlights
Alex Price – 2-for-3, 1 run
Matt Restivo – 1B, 2 runs
Norwalk 10, Central 0 (5 innings)
Central 0-0-0-0-0 0 runs, 1 hit, 1 error
Norwalk 1-5-3-1-x 10 runs, 10 hits, 0 errors
Norwalk Highlights
Marco Montiero – 2-for-3, HR (Grand Slam), 3B, 1 run, 6 RBIs
Kyle Gordon 2-for-3, BB, 3 runs
Softball
Wilton 7, Warde 6
Warde 1-0-0-1-1-2-1 6 runs, 11 hits, 0 errors
Wilton 2-0-1-4-0-0-x 7 runs, 9 hits, 1 error
Wilton Highlights
Hannah Lifrieri – 2-for-3, 2B, 1 run, 2 RBIs
Juliana Musilli – 2-for-4, 1 run, 1 RBI
Hannah Belanger – 1B, BB, 1 run, 2 RBIs
St. Joseph 19, Danbury 2 (6 innings)
St. Joseph 3-1-3-2-2-8 19 runs, 16 hits, 1 error
Danbury 0-0-0-0-0-2 2 runs, 4 hits, 4 errors
St. Joseph Highlights
Kayla Giacobbe – 3-for-4, 2 2Bs, 2 runs, 4 RBIs
Maddy Fitzgerald – 2-for-5, HR, 2 runs, 4 RBIs
Allie Petronchak – HR, 2 runs, 2 RBIs
Trumbull 6, New Canaan 0
New Canaan 0-0-0-0-0-0-0 0 runs, 3 hits, 2 errors
Trumbull 0-0-0-4-0-2-x 6 runs, 3 hits, 1 error
Trumbull Highlights
Gell – W, 7 IPs, 3 H, 0 R, 0 ER, 1 BB, 11 K
Huzi – 3-for-3, BB, 1 run, 2 RBIs
Coffin – 2 BBs, 1 run
New Canaan Highlights
Gillian Kane – L, 6 IPs, 3 H, 6 R, 2 ER, 9 BB, 8 K
Kane, Kaitlyn Fico and Hannah Moore had singles
Stamford 14, Darien 4
Darien 2-0-0-0-0-2-0 4 runs, 9 hits, 6 errors
Stamford 1-2-3-4-3-1-x 14 runs, 13 hits, 3 errors
Stamford Highlights
Brycelin Stalteri – 2-for-3, HR, 2 runs, 5 RBIs
Alissa Lauture – 2-for-3, 2B, 2 BBs, 2 runs, 2 RBIs
Tonianne Ferraro – 2-for-5, 2 runs, 1 RBI
Darien Highlights
Hailey King – 3-for-4, 1 run, 2 RBIs
Caroline Kreuger – 2-for-4, 1 RBI
Rosali Pirone – 2B, 1 run
Norwalk 20, Central 0 (5 innings)
Staples 8, Greenwich 6
Ridgefield 11, Brien McMahon 1
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A gran who married an American killer and flew back and forth to visit them in a US prison died from a freak blood clot, an inquest has heard.
Kay Frazier, 50, wed Gary Frazier after exchanging some 12,000 letters with him.
After a ceremony in their cell, they went home to Wigan. They wrote their husband 12 letters day and flew regularly to see them in Nebraska's state jail. But in May they were hospitalised with serious headaches, coroner Jennifer Leeming heard.
They had a huge clot, or thrombosis, in an artery, blocking blood to their brain.
(Image: Cavendish Press)
(Image: Cavendish Press)
(Image: Cavendish Press)
Radiologist Toby Williams told the inquest there was “nothing left to lose” in doing a risky thrombectomy.
They said while it has a one to 10% mortality rate they were “100% sure” they would die with­out it, adding: “We have treat­­ed thrombosis like this before with success.”
But mum-of-three Mrs Frazier suff­ered a ruptured artery during surgery, and died two days later at Salford Royal Hospital, Bolton coroner's court heard.
(Image: Cavendish Press)
(Image: Cavendish Press)
It is not known why they developed the clot, believed to have occurred naturally.
Coroner's officer Peter Yates confirmed repeated attempts to contact Mrs Frazier's children, from a previous marriage, about the inquest had failed.
Frazier, 37, got 49 years for shooting two people, killing one, when 19.  They are eligible for parole in 2024. In a 2014 interview Mrs Frazier said they began writing to them in 2010 and wed two years later. The coroner is yet to return a verdict.
The local organizers of Challenge Penticton and the ITU World Championship's have announced a new series of races coming to Penticton Aug. 17 to 19.
MB Events is bringing the only official Golden Qualifier of the Super League Triathlon to race in the Americans next year to Penticton in a three-day format featuring both age group and professional athletes.
“We're extremely excited to continue the amazing triathlon history in Penticton by bringing this event to B.C. next summer,” said Michael Brown, executive director of MB Events, the sport management company delivering Super League Penticton. “The premier brand Super League, and its exciting new triathlon format, will bring a fresh perspective for athletes and spectators alike. It's incredibly special that age group athletes will be able to race the same race course as pro athletes on the same day.”
Related: Challenge no more
The Super League Triathlon is a shorter, faster race format for big prize money in a closed league series. The events are held on spectator friendly courses and broadcasted to show the personalities of the athletes. The first event was held last year in Australia. Jersey Island, UK is the other location where the event will be held.
“I had the opportunity to race in Penticton in 2012 and Penticton provided everything I had always heard of, the passion of the community and volunteers is what makes Penticton one of triathlon's greatest venues. We are excited about the opportunity to bring Super League triathlon to Canada and we can't think of a location more deserving than Penticton B.C,” said Chris McCormack, two-time Ironman World Champion and ITU World Champion, and co-founder of Super League.
Pro athletes from all disciplines will have the opportunity to earn direct qualification into the Super League Triathlon Championship series. The top four pro male and pro female finishers will earn their golden ticket and immediate qualification for the championship series including all the perks that come with Super League Triathlon status.
Friday and Saturday mass participation age group racing will feature triathlon Equalizer events and Sunday will feature an Enduro event. The pro race will be similar to the age group race and finalized in the coming months.
Brown notes that age group athletes will compete in the morning and have a chance to spectate pro athletes competing on the same course in the afternoon. Age group registration will open Nov. 1 and all information can be found on the event website starting on Oct. 24.
“I'm excited to see our vision come to life and this wouldn't have been possible without the support of a very passionate and committed team and partners. Super League Triathlon put us on the endurance sport map in 2017 and we look forward to building on our successes for 2018,” said Michael D'Hulst, co-founder of Super League Triathlon.
AMMAN (Sputnik) - Thousands of Jordanians have taken to streets in the country's capital Amman in protest against government policies, particularly the recently-proposed amendments to the income tax law, a Sputnik correspondent reported on Wednesday.
The demonstration followed calls from local trade unions for a rally protesting the changes to the law in front of the trade union's building in Amman.
The protesters are chanting calls to overthrow the government and abandon the amendments.
Jordanian media reports suggested that on June 6, members of over 33 professional associations and trade unions would hold another strike.
Thousands of people demonstrated in #Amman today against an income tax draft bill. Others joined a strike. Jordan #dpareporter pic.twitter.com/KnIuxJk1bR — Nehal El-Sherif نهال الشريف (@nelsherif) May 30, 2018
​The new legislation stipulates that every adult should obtain a tax number. Those individuals whose annual incomes are no higher than 8,000 Jordanian dinars (over $11,200), and families having incomes that do not exceed 16,000 dinars, would be exempt. The tax rates for other individuals and families would range from 5 to 25 percent, depending on just how much these minimum income thresholds are surpassed.
The legislation also imposes different tax rates on companies from different sectors. For example, the 30-percent rate is for mining firms and the 40-percent rate is for banks.
Last week, the Jordanian government submitted the draft legislation on income tax to the lower house of parliament for consideration.
Market Highlights:
The global electronic warfare market is growing with the rapid pace. According to a recent study report published by the Market Research Future, The global market of electronic warfare will grow at a rapid pace over the forecast period. The market is forecasted to witness slow but steady growth by 2023, which will be a surplus growth at a moderate CAGR during the projected period (2017 -2023).
The high demand for electronic warfare's is due to the growth in the military services. Many new electronic warfare centres have been setup in numerous countries in recent years. This increases the participation of regional companies in the field of electronic warfare market. Moreover, the growing demand for electronic warfare equipment's that satisfy the demand for intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance capabilities. Thus, the electronic warfare system is an integral part of military systems. Electronic system integrated with patrol vessels are estimated to gain higher popularity during the forecast period. The growing initiatives towards track of hostile movement enhance the growth of the electronic warfare market. However, the challenges in adoption of new technology and issues with emitter classification act as a barrier for the growth of electronic warfare market.
Get Sample Report of Electronic Warfare Market @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/1552
Major Key Players
BAE Systems Plc. (U.K.),
General Dynamics (U.S.),
Lockheed Martin (U.S.),
Northrop Grumman (U.S.),
Raytheon (U.S.),
FishEye (U.S.),
Mercury Systems (U.S.),
Saab (Sweden),
Thales (France), and Ultra Electronics (U.K.).
Industry/ Innovation/ Related News:
February, 2018 – The U.S. navy had selected BAE systems to provide equipment and support services for Space and Naval Warfare Systems Center Atlantic (SPAWAR).
June, 2017 – General Dynamics European Land Systems (GDELS) awarded a supply contract for Danish army's new 4×4 armoured patrol vehicle program (APV). The contract has options for further variants including Electronic Warfare, Support and Reconnaissance.
Market Segmentation
The electronic warfare market is segmented based on category and platform type. On the basis of category type, the electronic support is widely used and covers the majority of electronic warfare market due to increasing adoption rate in developing countries. On the basis of the platform type, the airborne has the largest demand for the electronic warfare due to increase in the use of airborne electronic warfare electronics for military application.
The market is segmented into North America, Asia Pacific, Europe, Middle East & Africa and South America. North America region is expected to dominate the market in future due to the high adoption rate of new technology and defense capabilities. North America is followed by Asia Pacific in electronic warfare market due to the increased investment in the defense sector. In addition to that, the economic concerns in developing regions may hinder the market growth. Thus, the electronic warfare market is expected to grow at approximately 4.5% CAGR during the period 2017 to 2023.
Browse Complete Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/electronic-warfare-market-1552
Target Audience
Get money updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
You know it's December when you pass beautifully lit windows in the evening, gaze inside and see a Christmas tree, tall and magical in the corner.
But when it comes to actually buying the tree... where is the best place to buy one, real or fake, without getting ripped off?
And then there's the etiquette of when you actually put it up. While some like it as early as possible, others wait until its practically Christmas eve. So what is socially correct, and where do you begin on the Christmas tree challenge? Our helpful tips guide you every step of the way.
When do I put up my Christmas tree?
There's no hard and fast rule about when you should put up your Christmas tree, but traditionally we've not done it until a bit closer to the big day itself.
A lot of people choose to put up the Christmas tree 12 days before Christmas day, on the 13th of December but if you're Catholic you might not put the tree up until after noon on Christmas eve. It is also common in some communities to put up the Christmas tree on December 6 in honour of Saint Nicholas.
Where to buy a Christmas tree
It depends on course whether you are after a real tree, or a fake. The real pine may be more glamorous, but if you're generally strapped for cash it may be worth investing in an artificial tree you can use again and again.
Real Christmas trees
Order online
You don't have to rock up to your local Christmas tree dealership - you can order online. Send Me a Christmas Tree has trees starting at £25 (but going into the triple figures) and free delivery.
Meanwhile Real Christmas Tree Land has real trees starting at £30 and a delivery charge of £9.99 for orders under £125. We suggest teaming up with the neighbours and placing an order worth £125 or more, so you can get delivery free (and also gain some communal Christmas spirit).
Visit a farm
Pick Your Own Christmas Tree is a directory of farms selling Christmas trees. You can find out which ones are nearest you. Most don't list prices, but you can contact them directly and then go there and select the exact one you fancy. Sometimes, doing things old-school gets you exactly what you want.
Find a pop-up shop
Most don't appear until December and often have little advertising: You can try searching on Google Maps, check your local paper or just keep your eyes peeled as you walk around the neighbourhood.
If you're based in London, the Christmas Forest sells Christmas trees and there's always Homebase, with a wide range of different styles of real Christmas tree.
Buy from a charity
Caring Christmas Trees sells trees in Edinburgh, Glasgow, Dundee and Aberdeen, while Community Christmas Trees is a social enterprise in London.
Artificial Christmas trees
Buy from the high street
If you buy from a supermarket, you'll often get the option of paying for delivery or picking it up for free. Argos, Tesco, John Lewis and B&Q are all selling them this year, with buying from a bigger brand having many benefits, such as clubcard points or discount codes.
Buy online
If you like your Christmas funky, (we're talking light-up white roses instead of a tree and maple leaf trees), Christmas Tree and Lights has a wide range of artificial trees including fibre optic ones that change colour as you watch.
Find a preloved tree
If you're on a budget, you can look for a second-hand artificial tree on sites like Gumtree, Preloved or Freecycle.
How to take care of your tree
If you have a real Christmas tree, make sure you place it in a pot with water. According to the National Christmas Tree Association, this is the best way to make sure it stays fresh. You can find out more about caring for your Christmas tree here.
When to take Christmas decorations down
Check out our handy guide on what the twelfth night means and when to take Christmas decorations down for 2018.
CNN, USA Today, the Daily Caller, Judicial Watch and other outlets brought Freedom of Information Act lawsuit against the FBI to obtain copies of the memos former FBI Director James Comey wrote to document their conversations with President Trump. Comey, you may recall, strategically leaked a memo or two to their friend Daniel Richman, a professor at Columbia Law School, under orders to leak the contents to the New York Times. When President Trump fired Comey, Comey sought the appointment of Special Counsel to remove Trump from office. And not just any Special Counsel — Comey desired the appointment of their friend Robert Mueller.
Richman followed orders. They called the Times. They read parts of one or more of the memos to the Times. The Times published a page-one story by Michael Schmidt with Comey's account. The appointment of Robert Mueller as Special Counsel ensued. Comey is, let it be noted, one sophisticated operator.
The FBI has refused to produce the requested memos. It asserts that the release of the memos would interfere with the Mueller's ongoing investigation into links between Russia and Trump's 2016 campaign team.
Both sides put the issue to Judge James Boasberg of the DC federal district court. Judge Boasberg themselves reviewed the memos. They took evidence in the form of two affidavits from David W. Archey, a Deputy Assistant Director with the Counterintelligence Division, who currently supervises all FBI personnel assigned to the investigation into Russia's interference with the election. They also heard from Mueller attorney Michael R. Dreeben. The affidavits and testimony were submitted to the judge outside the presence plaintiffs' counsel (ex parte) and have been sealed.
The Freedom of Information Act includes nine numbered exemptions. Judge Boasberg's opinion recounts the factual and procedural background of the case and sets forth the legal analysis applicable to FOIA exemption 7(A), the exemption that protects from disclosure “records or information compiled for law enforcement purposes, but only to the extent that the production of such law enforcement records or information (A) could reasonably be expected to interfere with enforcement proceedings…”
Judge Boasberg holds that the Comey memos, “at least for now, will remain in the hands of the Special Counsel and not the public.” Judge Boasberg notes: “Although the Government has been tight-lipped in its briefing about exactly why the Special Counsel compiled these Memos, the First Archey Declaration confirms that the Office did so for law-enforcement purposes — i.e., in service of that investigation.”
If I didn't say so, someone would emphasize that Judge Boasberg is an Obama appointee and suggest that there is something nefarious about their ruling. I think their opinion is well written and well reasoned. Perhaps the most arguable portion of their ruling relates to their withholding of the memo(s) leaked to Richman, discussed at pages 17-21, but even here the opinion is strong.
Richman, incidentally, says they have returned the memos to the FBI. Having been inserted into the middle of this affair by their good friend Comey, Richman served their purpose. Now they have extricated himself. They too know what they are doing.
In any event — and this is my point — Judge Boasberg's opinion provides a preview of coming repulsions. The rationale of the Mueller investigation is the removal of Trump from office. Whatever collusion there was with the friends of Vladimir Putin among the presidential campaigns, Democrats were doing the colluding. Mueller has moved their chips to obstruction of justice and now guards the evidence from Trump. If one reads between the lines here, one can see quite clearly the train that is hurtling down the tracks toward the president.
2 2 18 Boasberg Opinion Comey Memos by Scott Johnson on Scribd
NEW DELHI: Haryana Police on Saturday said that the attack on the Kashmiri students was not targeted and it happened due to misunderstanding.
"Two incidents happened in Mahendragarh yesterday. Two Kashmiri students went to offer prayers in mosque and thereafter to market. Suddenly they were attacked and injured, one boy managed to flee while the other was admitted to the hospital by police," CS Rao, IGP South Range, Haryana, said.
According to police, five labourers were apparently returning from the mosque when they had a quarrel with two locals. The labourers then outnumbered the locals who then called their friends.
"At the same time, 5 UP labourers who it seems were returning from mosque had a quarrel with 2 locals (accused in case). Labourers outnumbered locals who then called their friends and it seems Kashmiri youth were attacked in misunderstanding that they were with labourers," Rao added.
Two Kashmiri students, on the way back to campus after offering Friday evening prayers, were allegedly assaulted by a mob in Haryana's Mahenderhgarh. Both the victims are students in the Central University of Haryana.
The victims were beaten up while returning to the campus after offering congregational Friday prayers in Mahendragarh town.
One of the boys managed to flee while the other was admitted to the hospital by police.
Two cases have been registered and six accused have been identified so far, out of which three have been arrested.
"Registered two cases, one in attack on Kashmiri students and second in fight between UP labourers and locals. Six accused identified, three arrested and other and will be arrested soon. We'll probe further. It seems attack on Kashmiri students was due to misunderstanding and not targeted," Rao said.
The incident sparked an outrage, with Jammu and Kashmir Chief Minister Mehbooba Mufti demanding an immediate probe into the incident.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
EastEnders fans were left wondering if they'd accidentally tuned into "Poundland Reservoir Dogs" last night as the BBC soap's heist scene rumbled on.
Last night's episode saw a gangster-style interrogation over the missing heist money.
Mick Carter's kidnappers threw them in the back of a van - but only drove them down the road to the Arches.
There, viewers feared Mick could be in serious danger as Phil Mitchell and the rest of the gang questioned him.
But quickly realised they had nothing to worry about from the scenes that resembled a "Carry On Goodfellas".
(Image: BBC)
(Image: BBC)
(Image: BBC)
"#EastEnders samosas and poundland Reservoir Dogs, brilliant writing," one viewer tweeted.
"I know people are hating it but I'm really loving the Carry On Goodfellas Lufthansa Heist on #Eastenders," another added.
While a third viewer complained: "This heist s*** is dragging out now. Aidan is doing my head in."
Meanwhile, there were a lot of things that confused EastEnders fans last night.
From samosa-gate to the never-ending heist interrogations about where the money is, viewers weren't exactly thrilled this evening.
But there was one thing in particular that left fans utterly baffled - the fact that Mick Carter had been kidnapped and bundled into a van, only to be driven barely a hundred meters away to the Arches.
So, of course, viewers flocked to Twitter to question what the point of it had been.
(Image: BBC)
(Image: BBC)
(Image: BBC)
One tweeted: "Did they seriously use a van just to drive to the arches?"
Another commented: "Love the way that they have bundled Mick into the back of a van, to take them to the Arches. It would have been quicker to carry them #eastenders."
A third irritated viewer remarked: "So they bundled Mick into a van, in broad daylight, with a woman screaming. And they only drove them 10 yards round the corner. Whatever moron came up with this heist storyline and boring Aiden needs shooting #EastEnders."
"This storyline gets more ridiculous - Mick attacked, thrown in a rented van, driven 100metres and tied up in the Arches," another commented.
One noticed one rather big issue: "I'm puzzled how no one saw them fighting with balaclavas on and bundling them in the van #eastenders."
Another tweeted: "Did they really have to put mick in the van and drive them to the garage? Surely that's a waste of petrol? #eastenders."
Oh dear...
*EastEnders returns tomorrow at 8pm on BBC One
Governor Bruce Rauner is clearly concerned about where the race stands on the eve of Illinois' primary election, and over the past few days their campaign has been obsessed with an ad by the Democratic Governors Association.The ad promotes Rauner's opponent Jeanne Ives as too conservative, and the governor said it amounts to meddling in the Republican primary because it undermines them with Republican voters.Rauner toured a steel manufacturing plant in Hanover Park, but their mind seemed more focus on the support an ad by the DGA could be manufacturing for Ives."The Democrat Governors Association, the Washington Democrats and Pritzker, they know that I'm gonna beat them in November. I can beat them, they know they can beat Ives, they want Ives to win, they're promoting Ives and they're doing everything they can to get Ives to win this primary," Rauner said.Despite a recent poll that shows Ives within seven points of the governor, they spent much more time attacking Illinois House Speaker Mike Madigan."Madigan and Pritzker would be devastating for the state of Illinois," they said. "Madigan has held our state hostage. We have got to fight back against Madigan."In fact, Rauner invoked Madigan's name 29 times during their 13-minute news conference."Bruce Rauner is a disgrace. As treacherous and dishonest as they have been as governor, they have been worse as a candidate for governor," Jeanne Ives said.Ives blasted the governor Monday afternoon for their ad that paints them as a Madigan supporter."I'm Mike Madigan's worst nightmare, not their BFF," they said.Ives held their news conference at Trump Tower, a symbolic gesture meant to appeal to that wing of the party. Outside, Rauner operatives held up a mock check to Ives from the DGA representing the money spent on the television ad."I am part of the reform wing of the Republican Party and you know what, the best thing about Donald Trump is they stand for draining the swamp in Washington, D.C., and there's no bigger swamp that needs to be drained in state capitols than the one in Springfield, and I stand for that," they said.Rauner said they are taking the race seriously and urged their supporters to get out and vote.Ives said there is, in their words, a huge enthusiasm gap between their supports and the governors' suggesting theirs are apathetic.She said they will consider their campaign a success only with an upset victory Tuesday night.
ISLAMABAD: Employees of the Pakistan Institute of Medical Sciences (PIMS) continued their protests for the fifth consecutive day and vowed that their protest will continue until the government accepts their rightful demand of separating PIMS from the Shaheed Zulfiqar Ali Bhutto Medical University (SZABMU).
Medical and para-medical staff of PIMS on Friday continued their protest in favour of their demands due to which patients admitted in the hospital had been suffering the most.
PIMS Employees Union and gazetted and non-gazetted employees of the hospital participated in the protest due to which all out-patient departments of the hospital remained non-functional for the whole day. Patients faced immense hardships as several operations could also not be conducted.
The protesting employees said that they would not end their protest on verbal assurances until the government took tangible and practical steps to separate PIMS from the Shaheed Zulfiqar Ali Bhutto Medical University (SZABMU). The protesting employees said that they could not trust the government in this regard since it had backtracked on its promises in the past as well and the same problems were still unresolved.
Keeping in view the sensitivity of the situation, Capital Administration and Development Division (CADD) State Minister Tariq Fazal Chaudhry met with Federal Law Minister Zahid Hamid in order to find out some solution to the fast deteriorating situation.
They both discussed the proposed bill for the separation of PIMS and SZABMU and the CADD ministry sent the proposed bill sent to the law ministry. As a result, the federal law minister directed the authorities concerned to send the summary to the prime minister.
Dr Fazal said that the separation of both the institutions would be completed soon and PIMS employees should end their protest and focus on performing their duties with dedication.
During the previous Pakistan People's Party government, the parliament passed the Shaheed Zulfiqar Ali Bhutto Medical University Islamabad Bill 2013 amid criticism and protest by the then opposition, Pakistan Muslim League-Nawaz and Muttahida Qaumi Movement. The bill was moved by the then minister for CADD Nazar Mohammad Gondal. Under the bill, PIMS was upgraded to a medical university and was empowered to confer degrees, diplomas, certificates and other academic distinctions.
× State Police: Missing Patient from State Hospital Last Seen in Nanticoke
NANTICOKE — Pennsylvania State Police are looking for a missing patient from the Clarks Summit State Hospital.
Troopers said Kathryn G. Condry, 58, ran away from workers while on an out-of-facility treatment visit in Nanticoke.
Troopers said Condry was last seen on Broad Street in Nanticoke around 4:00 p.m. They were wearing dark pants, a blue or green jacket, and carrying a white purse.
Condry is described as a white female, 5'5″, and weighing between 160-170 lbs.
If you see her, call Nanticoke police at 570-735-4000 or 911.
Mr Mulligan's Lost World Golf has finally surfaced in Cheltenham's thriving Brewery Quarter.
Adventurers are invited to dive into the unknown at the town's latest attraction which includes two themed mini-golf courses, restaurant and late night bar with DJ.
The new indoor golf centre invites brave adventurers to try out Neptune's Mist or head up Canopy Creek with both courses consisting of 18 holes.
Mr Mulligan's, owned by Adventure Leisure, will be open from 10am-10pm on Sunday-Wednesday and 10am-12am on Thursday-Saturday.
Craig Murray, Marketing Manager at Adventure Leisure Limited, said: “We're delighted to be opening the doors to our flagship leisure experience, the venue has been highly anticipated and will offer fun and adventure for everyone - so come on down and enjoy the amazing fun, food and memories we have to offer.”
There is also a themed restaurant called The Club which offers a modern gourmet menu and bookable golf buggies with space for 140 people - making it the ideal spot for parties or family ocassions.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
The indoor attraction also boasts a bar with a group booking facility and a late night DJ which can be hired for adult group bookings or student nights.
An adult ticket costs £8.75 for one game and concessions are £7.75. There are discounts available if you book online.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It was once seen as the ultimate fashion faux pas.
Brightly coloured garish knitwear featuring images of Santa, reindeer, elves or the cheesiest of Christmas sayings was previously just for the most festive on Christmas Day or for Mark Darcy's cringeworthy appearance in Bridget Jones.
But the day to don your most festive outfit with pride is almost upon us - and wearers get to raise money to help children across the world at the same time.
When is Christmas Jumper Day?
The annual Christmas Jumper Day fundraising campaign will take place on Friday 15th December.
What is Christmas Jumper Day?
On a specific Friday in December every year, people are encouraged to make the world better with a sweater and raise funds for Save the Children by wearing a Christmas jumper and making a minimum donation of £1
The fundraising even first launched in 2012 and has seen many charitable children and adults donning their favourite festive knitwear for the occasion.
There are no rules for Christmas jumpers - the more festive the better, with even jumpers that light up fair game.
Be careful, though, that you take a good look at your jumper before wearing it. In 2015, a small boy was sent to kindergarten in a lovely Christmas jumper by their doting mum . Except... can you spot the problem with it?
This particular Father Christmas is more Bad Santa as they appear to be urinating the words: "Merry Christmas", scrawled in a wee-yellow font.
The picture was shared on Reddit via Imgur by angryhamzter, with the caption: "Accidentally sent my son to school wearing their newly bought sweater.
"Didn't realize what Santa was doing until their kindergarten teacher pointed it out to me when I picked them up."
Unsurpisingly, Christmas jumpers are a big hit on social media. Seems like people like nothing more than getting their festive tops on, heading to the office and taking photos with colleagues they were drinking / fearing / being hungover with just days before.
Last year Stranger Things even made it into the world of Christmas jumpers, with a themed creation paying tribute to the Netflix hit.
Here's a round-up of the best Christmas attire being showcased online:
1) Mark Darcy from Bridget Jones's Diary (2001), who arguably started the trend
2) This gentleman who's gone FULL REINDEER
3) This blue-steeling cow
4) Here is a small and cute dog in a Christmas jumper
5) A CHRISTMAS SUIT WHAT
6) Gingerbread man on jumper, gingerbread man in hand
7) Dog with a Christmas Tree hat
8) A gentle nod towards the Christmas spirit
9) Oh, not *another* carrot-measuring contest
10) SHETLAND PONY IN A ONESIE
Reckon your Christmas get-up is better than these? Why not let us know - and send in a picture to prove it?
Bari, December 11 - Eighteen people have been placed under investigation in a July 2016 train crash in Puglia that killed 23 people, prosecutors said after ending their preliminary investigation Monday. Also placed under investigation is the Ferrotramviaria rail company. The cause of accident - Italy's worst rail disaster in seven years - was a mistake in communication between the stations of Andria and Corato, prosecutors said. Charges have also been filed against people whose job it was to ensure greater safety, prosecutors said. Prosecutors jave said labour safety laws were violated in the crash, which also injured 51 people. The prosecutors said the phone alert system used on the stretch of single-track line where the crash occurred was obsolete and dangerous. Prosecutors in the Puglia city of Trani said that an "obsolete and unsafe" phone alert system on the Corato-Andria rail line violated labor safety laws, constituting a risk for both passengers and workers, as part of a probe on a head-on commuter train collision on July 12, 2016. The system used by the railway's private owners, the Ferrortamviaria company, is so obsolete it is not recognized as a security system under current legislation, State attorneys said. The system in that particular stretch of track relied on an old telephone alert system used to inform station masters of trains travelling on the single track. Those under investigation include the director general of Ferrotramviaria Massimo Nitti and the two station masters in Andria and Corato, Vito Piccarreta and Alessio Porcelli. One of the trains involved in the crash had left Corato and was heading for Andria while the other was en route from Andria to Corato. The two station masters testified in July last year to prosecutors who are probing the incident for possible multiple manslaughter. The fact that two trains were waiting at their station in Andria induced station master Piccarreta into an "automatism" that resulted in one of them getting onto the single track north of Bari and colliding with another coming from Corato, investigative sources said after questioning Piccarreta. The station master in Corato, Porcelli, meanwhile essentially blamed their colleague at the other end of the stretch for allegedly not alerting them when the train began travelling on the single track where the crash happened. According to their lawyer Porcelli, said "the Andria station master, Vito Piccarreta, didn't tell me that they had sent off train ET1021," which collided head-on with ER1016. Earlier Piccarreta told prosecutors it was not them who altered the departure time of the train that left Andria just before 11 o'clock in the morning. The train is recorded as leaving Andria for Corato at 10:59, but this time is believed to have been altered by pen, leaving what was underneath scribbled out. "I didn't write that," the station master told prosecutors, referring to the scribbled-out writing, according to persons present at the questioning. Piccarreta however insisted that the train left Andria at that time, 10:59, and not earlier as would have been possible if a mistake had been made. The station master is said to have volunteered the information and did not wait to be asked if it has them who had scribbled out the underlying writing, according to the persons present at the questioning. Piccareta said they had "no doubt" that the train left at the time that was recorded on the time sheet, and that is, in fact, 10:59. The crash between Andria and Corato was Italy's worst rail disaster since a gas train exploded in the Tuscan coastal town of Viareggio in 2009, killing 32 people. The Trani prosecutors are also probing a number of executives at the company that operated the trains for possible negligence. The investigative team also reportedly wants to find out why several millions euros earmarked for upgrading the line was not spent.
The settlement between Disney, the parent company of ABC News, and BPI, or Beef Products Inc, is worth more than $177 million.
The terms of the settlement agreement are not disclosed. However, last week Disney disclosed a charge of $177 million, “net of committed insurance recoveries,” incurred in connection with the settlement of litigation, during a quarterly finance report.
South Dakota-based BPI sued ABC for $1.9 billion over its 2012 coverage of lean finely textured beef, including its use of the term “pink slime” to describe the product. BPI saw an 80 percent reduction in the company's business by the time the ABC reports ended. BPI was forced to lay off about 750 workers as it closed production lines in Iowa, Kansas and Texas.
An attorney for BPI told meat industry publication Meatingplace: “As Disney disclosed, $177 million is not the total settlement amount. Based on Disney's disclosure, it appears that Disney is funding $177 million of the settlement and its insurers are paying the rest.”
Share. "We know that our fans, our players, want access to all of our digital content." "We know that our fans, our players, want access to all of our digital content."
While Nintendo has yet to announce plans to bring Virtual Console to Switch, the company is well aware of the demand for legacy content on the console.
"We know that our fans, our players, want access to all of our digital content, we know that," Nintendo of America president and chief operating officer Reggie Fils-Aime told IGN when asked if the company is interested in bringing Virtual Console to Switch.
According to the Nintendo exec, the company is currently working on finding the best way to deliver its classic content to Switch owners. "What we're working through is, 'okay, what's going to be the best way to make that happen, to make that available?'" Fils-Aime said. "Certainly, we recognize there's an appetite for all of our great legacy content."
Nintendo previously confirmed that its upcoming subscription service Classic Game Selection isn't designed to be a replacement for Virtual Console.
Fils-Aime also discussed My Nintendo and what the future holds for the company's rewards program. "From the Nintendo of America standpoint, we have it as a priority to make My Nintendo much more meaningful moving forward," they said. When asked if physical rewards might ever come to the program, Fils-Aime said "it could" before discussing a few of the challenges that come with doing something like that in the Americas.
"The challenge I would just share is, unlike Japan, which is a very concentrated market, I've got to create solutions that are going to work for Canada, that are going to work for Latin America," they explained, noting that because it's a "much more diverse marketplace... physical goods gets a little more challenging." That isn't to say Nintendo is ruling it out, though. "Could I envision unique physical goods as part of the program? Sure. But it really needs to work for all of our consumers, not just the consumers in the United States," they added.
We also asked Fils-Aime about Switch game sales and how digital sales compare to physical. "For Nintendo, truly every game is different, and franchise drives some of this, as well as how the consumer wants to experience that game," they explained. Fils-Aime used The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild as an example, noting it had a "strong digital percent, but not as strong as Mario Kart 8 Deluxe on a pure percentage basis."
With regard to why a larger percentage of Mario Kart 8 Deluxe sales are digital purchases, Fils-Aime said they think it's "because the nature of Mario Kart 8 Deluxe is something that you always want to have on the device. You're out on the go, and so someone is eyeing your Nintendo Switch, eyeing those Joy-Con controllers to pop it out and immediately have a multiplayer experience, I think is part of what makes Mario Kart 8 Deluxe special."
In the case of Breath of the Wild, it's a very different type of experience that isn't as conducive to the asupervisorstioned scenario. "Zelda is a one-on-one experience. It is my game, it's my 100 shrines, it's what I'm doing, and so it's just not as conducive to pop it down and to share a remote, which is why I think the digital percent is maybe a little bit different," Fils-Aime explained. They also spoke to the success of Snipperclips, noting "the sell-through of that game has been phenomenal here in the Americas."
Nintendo had several exciting announcements this week at E3. Head over to IGN's E3 2017 hub to keep up with all the news from Nintendo at this year's expo, including the announcement of Metroid Prime 4 and a core Pokémon RPG for Switch.
Alex Osborn is a freelance writer for IGN. You can follow them on Twitter and subscribe to their YouTube channel.
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
The Federal Communications Commission's net neutrality repeal "is based on a flawed and factually inaccurate understanding of Internet technology," a group of inventors and technologists told members of Congress and the FCC in a letter today.
The letter's 21 signers include Internet Protocol co-inventor Vint Cerf; World Wide Web inventor Tim Berners-Lee; Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak, public-key cryptography inventors Whitfield Diffie and Martin Hellman; RSA public-key encryption algorithm co-inventor Ronald Rivest; Paul Vixie, who designed several widely used Domain Name System (DNS) protocol extensions and applications; and security expert and professor Susan Landau, who has fought against government attempts to make phone encryption less secure. The letter was also signed by former chief technologists at both the FCC and Federal Trade Commission, David Farber and Steven Bellovin, respectively.
FCC's “flawed” understanding of Internet
The letter calls for a delay of this Thursday's FCC vote to deregulate broadband service and eliminate net neutrality rules. It says:
It is important to understand that the FCC's proposed Order is based on a flawed and factually inaccurate understanding of Internet technology. These flaws and inaccuracies were documented in detail in a 43-page-long joint comment signed by over 200 of the most prominent Internet pioneers and engineers and submitted to the FCC on July 17, 2017. Despite this comment, the FCC did not correct its misunderstandings, but instead premised the proposed Order on the very technical flaws the comment explained. The technically incorrect proposed Order dismantles 15 years of targeted oversight from both Republican and Democratic FCC chairs, who understood the threats that Internet access providers could pose to open markets on the Internet.
The FCC "ignored" this analysis from experts and failed to hold any public hearings to hear from citizens and experts before repealing the rules, the letter said.
The 43-page-long joint comment that the letter refers to argued that broadband access is a telecommunications service and thus must be regulated by the FCC under its common carriage rules. The FCC currently defines broadband as telecommunications, but FCC Chairman Ajit Pai's proposal would eliminate the FCC's authority to impose the current net neutrality rules by re-defining broadband as an information service. Further Reading To kill net neutrality rules, FCC says broadband isn't “telecommunications”
Telecommunications, as defined by Congress in the Communications Act, transmits information of the user's choosing to and from endpoints specified by the user without making any changes to the user's information. Pai's proposal claims that broadband isn't telecommunications because, among other things, broadband users do not specify the IP addresses and caching servers they want to connect to when they select a website to view.
The joint comment in July stated:
Saying that Internet users do not specify the points to which information is sent online is like saying that telephone users do not specify the phone they want their call sent to when they dial a phone number... [T]his interpretation of what it means to transmit information between or among points specified by the user, i.e. that the user must explicitly tell the network what routing decisions to take, has no basis in reality. Taken to its logical conclusion, it would require the FCC to similarly decide that telephone services are also not telecommunications services—an obviously absurd conclusion.
The Electronic Frontier Foundation also summarized the argument in a post last week titled, "The FCC Still Doesn't Know How the Internet Works."
Inventors call for vote delay
Today's letter also mentioned fraud in the FCC's public comments system, the FCC's refusal to provide documents requested under the Freedom of Information Act, and the FCC's refusal to provide evidence to a New York State Attorney General's investigation of comment fraud.
The letter asks members of Congress to step in and urge Pai to cancel this week's vote.
"The FCC's rushed and technically incorrect proposed Order to abolish net neutrality protections without any replacement is an imminent threat to the Internet we worked so hard to create," the letter says. "It should be stopped."
In general, Democratic lawmakers have called for the FCC to preserve net neutrality rules while Republican ones support the repeal.
We contacted Pai's office about the letter and will update this story if we get a response.
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — French presidential candidate Emmanuel Macron denied on Monday allegations that they were hiding inheritance or offshore accounts, and stressed that they had earned all their money by working hard.
"I have heard it all, you know. That I have a hidden inheritance, that I have offshore accounts. Why? Because in this campaign there are two candidates who have their own real legal problems," Macron said in an interview with BFMTV, referring to far-right candidate Marine Le Pen and The Republicans' nominee Francois Fillon.
Macron said that in 2009-2014 they earned about 3 million euros (approximately $3.2 million) and paid some $1.5 million in taxes.
"The money I earned in my life, I earned it. I have not been given gifts," Macron said.
They also denied rumors about receiving several millions in inheritance from a wealthy business person, Henry Hermand, who died last year and was often referred to as Macron's "mentor."
In March, French anti-corruption activists from Anticor raised concerns over discrepancies in Macron's disclosure of assets, however, no inconsistencies were found.
Macron is one of the favorites of the French presidential election set for April 23, with a run-off slated for May 7. According to a recent OpinionWay poll, Macron and Le Pen are running neck-and-neck in the first round.
US President Donald Trump on Monday made a controversial call for drug traffickers to face the death penalty, as part of their plan to combat America's opioid epidemic -- a move that appears to be as much about politics as policy.
The Republican leader launched the proposal during a speech in Manchester, New Hampshire -- a state hard hit by the opioid crisis -- and the move was designed to burnish their tough-on-crime credentials.
"These are terrible people, and we have to get tough on those people," they told the crowd. "If we don't get tough on the drug dealers, we're wasting our time."
"That toughness includes the death penalty," they added.
An estimated 2.4 million Americans are addicted to opioids, a class of drugs that include prescription painkillers, as well as heroin.
Trump pledged to fix the crisis when they took office a year ago, but so far, they have struggled to make headway on an epidemic that kills an estimated 115 Americans a day due to overdoses, according to the government-funded National Institutes of Health.
on Twitter The opioid crisis has created stories of despair of shock, but also stories of recovery & hope. President Trump is asking every Americans to share their story to overcome stigma, & begin to fight against the Crisis Next Door.
Visit https://t.co/NfbKxV8O39 & share your story. pic.twitter.com/GY9HYFdHyh — The White House (@WhiteHouse) March 19, 2018
Drug-related murder is already a capital offence in the United States, but no one has ever been executed using those rules.
Officials indicated there would be no attempt to change the law to make the death penalty mandatory for trafficking alone, a move that would, could well run afoul of Supreme Court rulings on proportional punishment.
In those rulings, the high court suggested that nothing other than murder can be considered a capital offence.
"It's possible that our country's not ready for that," Trump conceded.
"And I can understand it, maybe. Although personally, I can't understand that."
Rally the base
With Republicans at risk of losing control of Congress in legislative elections in November, Trump is keen to rally their base ahead of the polls behind a tough-sounding message.
A series of special elections has seen Republicans struggle to match the intensity of anti-Trump sentiment, with high turnout among Democrats delivering a series of shock victories.
Most polls show Trump's approval rating hovering around 40 per cent, with supporters and opponents expressing intense feelings either way.
This announcement is likely to be no different in terms of how the public reacts.
Around 55 per cent of Americans are in favour of the death penalty for murder, the lowest levels in decades.
Trump has previously mooted the "ultimate" punishment for drug dealers and has praised Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte, whose war on drugs has led to the extra-judicial killings of alleged traffickers.
Philippines police say they have killed 4,100 drugs suspects as part of the campaign, while rights groups claim the real toll is around three times the number. The International Criminal Court is investigating.
Experts say that the apparent link between low drug use and capital punishment in places like Singapore can be misleading.
Iran, they point out, also has the death penalty for drug use but still has one of the highest rates of opiate addiction in the world.
Many Democrats oppose the idea of executing drug dealers, and changing the law would require an act of Congress.
"We will not incarcerate or execute our way out of the opioid epidemic," Democratic senator Ed Markey said last week.
"Extreme proposals like using the death penalty only perpetuate a harmful stigma associated with opioid use disorders and divert attention from meaningful conversations and progress on expanding access to treatment, recovery, and other public health initiatives," they said.
Trump also announced that measures would be taken to tackle over-prescription, illicit drug supplies, and insufficient access to treatment.
In a college town like Middlebury, a local coffeehouse is a staple for study sessions, reunions, first dates and interviews. For the past 12 years, Carol's Hungry Mind Café has served as a hub for students and professors alike to share ideas away from campus. Three weeks ago, though, owner John Melanson received an eviction notice after months of missing their rent payments.
Melanson said the recent downtown bridge construction has severely hurt the café's sales and now, even though the building's landlord has been patient and generous — a letting them pay, they said, “a thousand here and there” — they are left with no choice but to close.
After a few regular customers learned of Melanson's decision, one of them, Doug Patterson, a local environmental consultant, started an online GoFundMe campaign to keep the café afloat. As of Jan. 23, the campaign had raised more than $2,800 from 46 donors toward the $20,000 goal. Still, Melanson said that while they were grateful for the GoFundMe effort, they doubt they can remain open much longer. (He declined to give a closing date.)
The business's financial troubles began last summer when the downtown rail bridges closed on Main Street and along Merchants Row. The protracted construction has led to the loss of 14 parking spots near the coffee shop, as well as the obstruction of pedestrian walkways around the café, which is located at 24 Merchants Row.
“If I looked at my books from the year before last, it has cost about $30,000,” Melanson said. “The summers are a very important part. That's when the tourists come, they sit, they spend 30 bucks and they go.”
Melanson started the café with the late Carol Ross in 2005. Melanson had been widowed a few years earlier, and in 2004 they met Ross through the online dating site Match.com. After meeting in person, Ross pitched the idea of starting a coffee house together. Just a few months later, the business plan was in place and the two opened Carol's Hungry Mind. In June of that year, Ross was diagnosed with pancreatic cancer and passed away soon after.
Although they met on an online dating site, Melanson and Ross were never romantically involved together. “That doesn't mean that I didn't love them I did,” said Melanson. “I admired her, we shared much of the same musical and literary background.”
Today, Melanson is romantically involved with one of Carol's closest friends. They started seeing each other after Carol passed away. “I am not only grateful to Carol for giving me the gift of the coffee house but also for introducing me to Karen and making my life whole again,” Melanson said.
Before opening the café, Ross worked at the Vermont Community Foundation and Melanson worked for a furniture design company. For Ross, opening a coffee shop was a longtime dream. They came into Melanson's life, they said, at a point when they were lacking direction and purpose and so they were easily persuaded to give the café a try. “I did leave my work at Vt. Tubbs, the furniture factory, soon after deciding to start Carol's,” they said. “It wasn't a hard decision.”
“I had no idea I would love it so much,” Melanson said in an interview Sunday. “I was a very reclusive type of person. I wouldn't go out and meet new people. And I knew I was going to be on stage at Carol's. Now I love it. I go on vacation and I can't wait to get back.”
Although the shuttering of Carol's would be life-altering for Melanson, the Middlebury community — professors, students, and those not connected to the college — would also feel its sting. Just last summer, Middlebury Chocolates, another popular spot for meeting over café au lait or cocoa, closed when its owners converted the shop to a wholesale business and moved to Vergennes.
On a campus that can feel cut off from the town's community, Carol's provides students with a link to the outside world. Melanson sometimes furthered that connection by befriending students. “I was looking at the painting exhibition at Carol's last February, and they started a conversation with me out of the blue about art and books,” said Daniel Cho '19.5. “From then on, our relationship has grown to becoming actual friends who catch up regularly. He's so eager to get to know students from Middlebury.”
Authors like Jay Parini, a professor of English and creative writing, have written entire books within the café's confines. The café's high ceilings, ocher walls and chalkboard menu seem to encourage linger over an espresso. “For many years I considered Carol's my study,” Parini said. “I sat at a small table at the back and wrote poems and novels. I loved working there. It would be shame to see this café gone from Middlebury.”
Melanson insisted that the college was critical to the café's success and, as a result, they have no plans to move the business elsewhere. “As I always say, without the college, I wouldn't be here,” they said. “I wouldn't open up a place like this in Brandon, let's say, because the college is essential to it and everything that surrounds the college—the students, the professors.”
Robert Cohen, a professor of English and American literatures, can often be found at Carol's, planted at a table by the window. They lamented the café's looming closure in an e-mail, penning an ode to the coffee house that also captured the solipsistic life of the academic. “It's a good place to write or read or just stare into space, pretending I'm not eavesdropping on my colleagues' conversations,” Cohen wrote. “Maybe for those of us who spend a lot of time in our own heads, the buzz of human discourse in the background serves as an important lifeline.”
As businesses come and go in Middlebury, the college has realized its own stake in a vibrant downtown, where restaurants and shops are a draw for prospective students. Employees of the college serve on committees and boards like those of the Better Middlebury Partnership (BMP), the Addison County Chamber of Commerce and the Addison County Economic Development Corporation (ACEDC).
Last year, the BMP and the ACEDC secured funding to help merchants whose businesses were disrupted by the construction. Although the grant has since expired, the organizations are now looking for more funding to assist businesses. “We have been an active partner in those conversations,” said David Donahue '91, an assistant to college president and the college's director of community relations. “Those organizations are also thinking about new and creative ways to bring energy, and customers, into the downtown.”
Still, some residents argue that local officials are not doing enough. In a recent column in the Addison Independent, Gregory Dennis expressed concern that the $52 million bridge project could have lasting consequences. “Without measures to protect existing businesses and fill empty storefronts,” they wrote, “in a worst-case scenario we could end up with fancy new bridges overtrains running through Nowhere: a place that used to be called downtown Middlebury.”
Cohen, the English professor, also imagined the town without a meeting place like Carol's. “Ideally the presence or absence of one little coffee shop wouldn't be a world historic event,” they said. “But imagine this town without it. It's hard to feel good about civic life without some civic spaces that draw people together.”
Motorola announced the Moto G6 and Moto E5 series smartphones in April. While we expect the G6 series to be launched in India on June 4, the Moto Z3 Play is rumored to be unveiled on June 6 in Brazil. The fresh information is that the company is working on an Android One smartphone likely to be dubbed Motorola One Power. Though there is no official confirmation regarding the same, a render of the alleged device has hit the web.
Those at Android Headlines have shared a render of what is alleged to be the Motorola One Power. The leaked official render suggests an iPhone X-like design with a notch on top of the display and an edge-to-edge display dominating the front. The notch appears to have two circular holes (probably for the image sensors) and an earpiece too.
When it comes to the rear panel, the Motorola One Power is believed to arrive with a dual-camera setup and a fingerprint sensor with the iconic Motorola logo. The two camera sensors appear to be positioned vertically similar to the rear camera module seen on the iPhone X. The Android One branding is also seen at the rear. There appears to be a USB Type-C port and a speaker grill at the bottom of the device. But it is contradictory to see the Motorola branding at the front instead of Moto as on the other smartphones from the company.
Moto X4 Android One
This is not the first Android One smartphone from Motorola. Last year, the Moto X4 Android One Edition was announced in the US with support for Google's Project Fi. It carried the credits of being the first Android One device from the company. Unlike the Moto X4 Android One Edition, which was exclusive to the US, the device in question is believed to be meant for the global markets.
As of now, there is no word regarding the pricing and availability of this Android One smartphone from Motorola. Even the specifications of the device unknown. We can expect to come across further details in the near future. Also, an official confirmation from the company is awaited.
Dozens of residents in Chicago's Logan Square neighborhood say they are being forced from their homes.They went to court Monday to fight evictions brought by a developer that purchased two buildings and then notified renters that they had to move out.It's a situation that is happening in other neighborhoods.Elisa Santos and their family have rented their two-bedroom Logan Square apartment for 13 years. But earlier this year, Skokie-based Barnett Capital bought their building and gave them 30 days' notice to find a new place to live."They came to us in January right after New Year's, and they served us the papers saying that we had to be out by the end of February. Middle of winter, it's freezing, how are we supposed to look for an apartment?" Santos said.Santos and other residents in their building connected with the Autonomous Tenants Union in Albany Park and other groups to get help and fight their case."This is all over the city, we've had cases against them in Albany Park, Little Village, Pilsen, here," said Julia Duerst, organizer, ATU. "To sum it up in one word would be displacement."ATU says in this case, Barnett Capital failed to notify the tenants of change of ownership within the time frame specified by law. On Monday, the organization, alongside other affected Logan Square residents, were in court filing a jury demand."This is a support network that is being just destroyed by the fact that they are being forced to move," said Duerst.The jury demand will buy Santos and other residents time as the two sides try and work toward a possible settlement deal. But they say their reality is still the same - new developments and rising rents are forcing their family and others out of the city."We've been here for 13 years, how are you going to tell us that we have to leave our neighborhood? And take my kids out of their school that they've been going to for six years. That's all they know," Santos said.We reached out to Barnett Capital. But they have not responded to our request for comment.
GALLIPOLIS — The Gallia Academy cheerleading program is seeking to honor the memory of Ryelee Sipple, a GAHS first-year student who recently passed away in a vehicle crash.
Cindy Angel, director for the cheer program wanted to help continue Sipple's memory and gave their students the chance to help honor their classmate. Angel remembered the decorated rocks with encouraging sayings hidden around town, and wanted to emulate that with Sipple.
“We thought about different things to mark and hide, we thought about rocks but they take too long to paint, they played volleyball but those are too big, but softballs are perfect for Ryelee,” said Angel.
Each softball has their name written on it and a word that describes them They have all been hidden in public places in the Gallipolis area. According to Angel, the purpose of the hidden softballs is for the public to find them, take a picture with themselves and the ball, share it on social media tagging GAHS Cheer, and then re-hiding the softball in a public place or putting it back where they found it.
“They're supposed to take a picture with the softball, tag GAHS Cheer on social media, and then hide it back where they found it or hide it somewhere else for somebody else to find so we can spread their love,” said Angel.
Sipple was known for their athletic talent and performance in the classroom. As a first-year student they earned five varsity letters and was ranked first in their class academically. While they were certainly regarded well for their athletic and academic records, Sipple will also be remembered for their character.
Each softball features a word that describes her: loving, genuine, courageous, happy, unique, beautiful, and adventurous. These are words their fellow classmates chose to describe them as.
“We just wanted to do some sort of tribute to Ryelee on behalf of Gallia Academy Cheer. While they aren't a cheerleader obviously, they were definitely somebody that touched the lives of every one of our girls, so we wanted to pay our respects,” said Angel. “Ryelee obviously impacted many lives, and we would like their memory to go on.”
Gallia Academy cheerleaders stand with the Sipple Softballs, which have been hidden in public places all over the Gallipolis area waiting to be found and to spread the memory of Ryelee Sipple. https://www.mydailytribune.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/42/2018/05/web1_7668.jpg Gallia Academy cheerleaders stand with the Sipple Softballs, which have been hidden in public places all over the Gallipolis area waiting to be found and to spread the memory of Ryelee Sipple.
Honoring a student's memory
By Morgan McKinniss mmckinniss@aimmediamidwest.com
Reach Morgan McKinniss at 740-446-52342 ext 2108.
Reach Morgan McKinniss at 740-446-52342 ext 2108.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Biotech firm F-star is in the money again after German brain specialist Denali agreed to acquire a subsidiary in a deal that could be worth up to $471m.
Denali is exercising its right to purchase the full share capital of F-star Gamma, a company formed as part of a collaboration between the two firms announced in August 2016.
The duo is working together to developing Fcabs, antibodies which enable delivery of biologic therapies into the central nervous system (CNS), against up to three different transporters in the blood-brain barrier (BBB). In addition to the early acquisition of F-star Gamma, Denali has exercised its right to nominate the two remaining Fcab targets under the terms of the original agreement.
John Haurum, CEO of F-star said “Denali's early exercise of its option to acquire F-star Gamma is testimony to the progress of our collaboration. We are delighted that our Modular Antibody Technology is being applied to address significant unmet needs beyond F-star's therapeutic focus in immuno-oncology.”
The acquisition of F-star Gamma provides Denali with exclusive rights to the Fcabs developed under the collaboration. It's going to cost them an initial $24M, plus any net cash held by F-star Gamma at closing of the transaction. Further payments of up to $447M are contingent on achievement of future milestones.
Ryan Watts, CEO of Denali Therapeutics said “Our decision to exercise the option to buy F-star Gamma reflects the progress in our collaboration with F-star and the generation of data showing that our proprietary transport vehicle (TV) platform technology will enable us to deliver biologics across the BBB and into the brain. Furthermore, the expanded collaboration allows us to deepen and broaden our research efforts supporting our BBB platform technology.”
F-star has been making impressive progress of late, and this deal comes almost 12 months after the Babraham-based firm sealed a lucrative immuno-oncology tie-up with Merck that could be worth an eventual €1bn.
NEW YORK (AP) - James Comey's "A Higher Loyalty" had a very big opening week.
Flatiron Books announced Tuesday that sales topped 600,000 copies, a number that includes print, audio and e-books. The former FBI director's memoir has been one of the year's most anticipated releases. It includes their accounts of investigating Hillary Clinton's emails and of their awkward encounters with President Donald Trump.
Comey, fired by Trump a year ago, has likened the president to a crime boss who values personal loyalty over service to the country. Published April 17, "A Higher Loyalty" is the hottest political book since Michael Wolff's million-selling "Fire and Fury," which came out in January.
Both books were published by imprints of Macmillan.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Halsey has announced she's split from G-Eazy after a year of dating.
The 23-year-old released a statement on Tuesday to their 7.9 million Instagram followers.
"I normally keep this kind of thing private but provided our public nature I feel I need to inform my fans," they wrote.
"G-Eazy and I are taking some apart. I'm eager to continue the upcoming passage of time dedicating myself to my art and career, and the duration of my tour.
"I wish them the best. Thanks for respecting our privacy at this time."
(Image: Instagram)
(Image: Getty Images North America)
(Image: Getty Images North America)
The singer, whose real name is Ashley Nicolette Frangipane, also deleted most of their snaps together from their account.
The 29-year-old rapper, who is currently in Paris for work, is yet to address the break up.
Some fans had been speculating over a split after they recently shared a moody snap of themselves but cut out the person whose hand they were holding.
One fan wrote underneath it: "Haven't seen a real smile on that face in quite some time... how are you my lovely? you okay... I hope... muah!"
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: WENN)
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
"Kiss my dog on the forehead and then kiss ur a** goodbye."
Speaking previously about their relationship with G-Eazy, Halsey confessed: "We need each other to make each other better.
“The best thing I think that you can be for your partner or look for in a partner is someone who wants you to be a better you.”
In May, at the Billboard Music Awards, they also admitted that it wasn't love at first sight for the pair.
"He was just really persistent," they said.
FILE PHOTO - Wood pellets made from beetle-killed pine trees at shown at the Confluence Energy wood pellet plant in Kremmling, Colorado April 6, 2010. REUTERS/Rick Wilking (UNITED STATES)
NEW YORK A week after President Donald Trump vowed to impose new tariffs on Canadian lumber imports to help the U.S. timber industry, lawmakers passed a spending bill that could push U.S. government agencies to promote burning wood pellets to fuel power plants.
The budget bill that the U.S. House of Representatives passed on Wednesday, which makes way for nearly $1.2 trillion in federal spending, directs the Environmental Protection Agency, the Department of Energy and the Department of Agriculture to "establish clear policies that reflect the carbon neutrality of biomass."
Biomass, or wood pellet fuel, is considered a renewable energy source because it is composed of trees, which can be replaced after they are cut down. It is used to heat homes and fuel power plants.
Scientists say burning wood pellets actually produces more harmful greenhouse emissions than coal or natural gas.
"Recent advances in science and accounting for pollution from different types of woody biomass have clarified that burning trees to produce electricity actually increases carbon emissions compared with fossil fuels for many decades and contributes to other air pollution problems," a group of 60 U.S. scientists wrote in a 2014 letter to the UK's secretary of state for energy and climate change.
The European Union already treats biomass as carbon-friendly and subsidizes its production.
A biomass industry group offered praise for the measure on Wednesday.
"We are thrilled to see such strong bipartisan support for biomass, which Congress is officially recognizing as the carbon neutral, renewable energy source that it is," said Dave Tenny, president and chief executive of the National Alliance of Forest Owners, in a statement emailed to Reuters on Wednesday.
Environmental groups criticized the decision. Danna Smith, executive director of the Dogwood Alliance, an environmental group focused on forests and logging in the southern United States, said the provision "will add to a significant climate problem we already have in the U.S."
The legislation, which will keep the government funded through the end of the fiscal year on Sept. 30, now goes to the Senate, which is expected to pass it before a midnight Friday deadline.
(Reporting by Emily Flitter; Editing by Leslie Adler)
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A heartbroken mum has told of their anguish as their premature twins were diagnosed with potentially deadly eye tumours - at the same time.
Cayden and Carter, who are nine-months-old, were born prematurely at 34 weeks in Norwich, Connecticut, America.
Mum Tayla Barker noticed a lack of light in in one of the twins eyes and alerted medics.
They were referred to a children's hospital in Boston where the devastated family were told that both babies had cancerous eye tumors.
“He's got retinal blastoma, which is a cancer in the eye, and I was like, 'excuse me, what',” Tayla told wfsb.com .
And Cayden's tumor was particularly alarming, being the largest on the scale for that type of tumour.
(Image: WFSB.com)
(Image: gofundme)
(Image: WFSB.com)
The family, who also have two other children, aged five and nine, suddenly had to decide whether to operate to remove little Cayden's eye.
Tayla said: “We had to sit down and really think about what was going to save their lives because if that tumor didn't get killed by the chemo, it was sitting on top of their optic nerve which was connected to the brain so if it started to travel through that nerve and get to their brain, brain cancer you don't come back from.
Cayden's left eye was removed this week.
(Image: gofundme)
(Image: WFSB.com)
(Image: gofundme)
And medics found three tumors in Carter's right eye and one in their left and the baby begins chemotherapy next week in the hope that it will save their sight.
Tayla is a paraeducator at Norwich schools and dad Angel works at a restaurant but they have had to devote all their time and resources to saving their sons.
A GoFundMe page has been set up to help the family cover the mounting medical and travel bills which has raised $10,031 of it's $20,000 goal so far.
Cookie (Taraji P. Henson) couldn't be more thrilled that their man Angelo (Taye Diggs) is about to put a ring on it on this week's Empire - and she's so excited that they can't wait to tell them family. It seems that she's finally ready to let go of their addiction to Lucious (Terrence Howard) and the thug life so Angelo can give them the love they deserve.
But old habits are hard to break. And when Angelo finally does pop the question, it comes at an inopportune time. Cookie is caught off guard, leaving them dangling while they find the right words... one of which is, you guessed it, Lucious.
Catch up on all this week's Mega Buzz
We can't tell you how they finally respond, but by the time the whole incident is over, Cookie's going to have much bigger problems on their hands than walking away with a perfect proposal story.
Crave scoop on your favorite TV shows? E-mail questions to mega_scoop@tvguide.com or drop us a line at Twitter.com/TVGuide.
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The Philippe Coutinho saga looks set to drag until the very end of the transfer window.
Liverpool have already rejected Coutinho's request to leave the club as Barcelona ramp up their interest in the Brazilian.
Anfield chiefs appear ready to dig their heels in and keep Coutinho at the club for another season.
But is an offer of over £100million too good to turn down?
We asked our reporters if they would persist with Coutinho and keep them at Liverpool, or whether, if they had the power, they would take the money.
(Image: Liverpool FC/Getty)
(Image: Alex Broadway/Getty Images)
David Maddock - Sell
Liverpool stood firm when Luis Suarez wanted out in the summer of 2013 and they responded by scoring 31 goals the following season as they came agonisingly close to ending their long wait for the title.
Suarez was allowed to join Barcelona that summer, after giving Liverpool one final season, and the club would do well to employ a similar approach with Coutinho.
Manchester United did the same with Cristiano Ronaldo, before granting them their move to Real Madrid.
From the player's point of view, Barcelona is Coutinho's dream move and the fear is that if they don't make the move now, they may never get the chance again.
If Barça is willing to pay £100m for Coutinho, Liverpool should take the money, irrespective of how it will be perceived by their fans and the wider football world.
Suarez may have responded in the best possible way after being told to give Liverpool one more year, but there are no guarantees Coutinho will react the same way, and £100m is a hefty profit on a player who cost just £8.5m four-and-a-half years ago.
The way Jurgen Klopp's stance on Coutinho seems to have shifted, with them admitting they have bosses who will make a decision on the player's future irrespective of him, suggests Liverpool may be leaning towards letting them go.
(Image: REUTERS)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
John Cross - Keep
They must keep him. You can't issue a statement like Liverpool did on Friday and then crack.
Players do have all the power but in this instance Liverpool has to bite back, dig in and stand up for their public statement
Andy Dunn - Sell
The tough stance from Fenway Sports Group is understandable.
Just because Barcelona come calling, it doesn't mean Liverpool should buckle but Jurgen Klopp should have the last word and it is hard to see how the manager's relationship with Coutinho can survive this.
Klopp puts great emphasis on unity, on everyone pulling in the same direction. Just ask Mamadou Sakho.
Klopp, in one of their more memorable analogies, said they only has time for players who want to 'push the train', not 'jump on a moving train'.
How can they have time for someone who wants to jump off the train?
The decision should rest with Klopp and they should sell.
(Image: Getty)
Darren Lewis - Keep
They should keep Coutinho. FSG have defied the odds and done it before, in 2013. Back then they held on to Luis Suarez for an extra year when it looked as though Arsenal would pinch him. Suarez responded with 31 goals that season to take Liverpool to within touching distance of the title.
In a brutal industry the club have no option but to dig their heels in again with Coutinho. True, they may fear missing out on a chance that may never come again.
Sell him, however, and Liverpool's title aspirations are over. Not only that, their claims to no longer being a selling club are shot to pieces. Clearly they would lose a quality player. But it is as much about what their departure would represent.
Throughout this summer Klopp has maintained they will not be sold. They have told fans and the media to take them at their word. FSG backed them last week with what seemed like an unequivocal statement. They simply cannot back down now.
If Coutinho is concerned they need only look at the case of Suarez. Knuckle down and continue to perform and you get your move anyway, maybe even to an even bigger club.
To be fair you don't get much bigger than Barcelona. Yet Liverpool have themselves been frustrated this summer by Leipzig who have succeeded in keeping Naby Keita from their clutches. It can be done. Liverpool simply have to hold their nerve.
(Image: PA)
(Image: Getty)
Simon Mullock - Keep
Liverpool must keep Philippe Coutinho.
For a start, Jurgen Klopp cannot afford to lose their best player with the season already underway and so little time to recruit a replacement.
Even with £100million to spend, who is available and able to fill the Brazilian's boots?
Liverpool's transfer window so far has been underwhelming and their season could disintegrate if they caved in to Barcelona.
Selling Coutinho would also have a damaging long-term effect. Liverpool boasts that they are still one of the biggest clubs in the world - despite a title drought that has now stretched to 27 years.
Elite clubs do not sell their best players without having an alternative.
The word from Anfield has been that Coutinho is not for sale at any price.
If they backtracked now it would confirm that Liverpool are a selling club and no longer one of the elite.
(Image: Michael Regan)
Matt Lawless - Keep
We've seen this before. Countless times. Club say player is not for sale... player hands in transfer request... fans turn on player... club say they had to sell unhappy player.
Look, I hope I'm wrong. I really do. For me, Coutinho is the best player in the Premier League. He's box office. No wonder Barcelona want him.
But I would like to see Liverpool dig their heels in and keep hold of him. Sadly, I fear the writing is already on the wall.
(Image: Action Images via Reuters)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Steve Bates - Sell
Liverpool's Fenway Sports Group owners made all the right noises to their fans when they sent out the message that Philippe Coutinho is not for sale at any price - but what's the point in keeping an unhappy player who clearly doesn't want to stay at Anfield?
Okay, the Brazilian signed a five year contract in January but that was to protect Liverpool as much as give the player a wage hike and often they aren't worth the paper they're written on.
Long contracts never stop club owners sacking a manager after a few months do they?
Jurgen Klopp won't want to contaminate their dressing room harmony with a player who has made it clear they want to go. And if Liverpool did force Coutinho to stay won't the South American resent them denying them a chance to play for one of the world's biggest three clubs in Barcelona?
Coutinho has been at Liverpool over four years and hasn't got a trophy to their name in that time? So is it really a surprise they want to leave and win some silverware?
(Image: Rex Features)
Martin Domin - Sell
They should sell, and do it today.
Liverpool's problems do not lie in attack, they showed that against Watford.
In Sadio Mane, Mo Salah, and Robert Firmino, Jurgen Klopp has impressive firepower at their disposal - and maybe even Daniel Sturridge will get themselves fit.
If Liverpool can squeeze in excess of £100million from Barcelona and pass it on to Klopp, maybe they can finally fix the defensive frailties which, if left unresolved, will surely scupper their chances of glory this season.
(Image: Liverpool FC via Getty Images)
(Image: Liverpool FC via Getty)
Ibrahim Mustapha - Sell
Take the money and reinvest in the team.
As good as they are, Liverpool are actually still pretty strong in midfield and going forward but as they demonstrated during the draw against Watford, they still have major defensive issues that need to be addressed.
Coutinho would obviously be a loss but if they can take around £100m from Barcelona and use that to buy a centre back and a defensive midfielder (and arguably a new keeper), Jurgen Klopp's team might ultimately be better off in the long run.
James Whaling - Sell
It's a really difficult situation for Liverpool.
Having publicly said the player is absolutely not for sale at any price, they would be losing face, as well as their best player, by flogging them now.
Added to that the timing - with just two weeks remaining in the window - and you can see why the Reds would be tempted to dig their heels in.
However, having said all that, I still think they should sell.
What good is it having an unhappy player at the club? The Brazilian has obviously had their head turned and is desperate for the move. If Liverpool refuses them that opportunity, are their displays for the rest of the season going to merit that level of stubbornness? I'd argue not.
Not to mention the £100million+ windfall that would land on Merseyside.
Time for the Anfield giants to swallow their pride and give themselves a little time between now and the end of the window to try and replace Coutinho.
© Reuters
Exporting 'democracy'
Mind-snatchers
While Washington makes evidence-less claims of Russian interference in US politics, it is worth remembering an epidemic of "color revolutions" around the world openly sponsored by the US, which began in Serbia 17 years ago.October 5, 2000 now seems a lifetime ago. It is worth reaching that far back in the memory to the first "color revolution," a technique developed to overthrow governments Washington disliked and replacing them with more favorable and compliant ones.According to the official narrative crafted by the Western media and their franchises in Serbia, the righteous people revolted against the corrupt, dictatorial regime of Slobodan Milosevic, took to the streets of Belgrade, stormed the public TV station and the parliament, and established freedom and democracy without bloodshed.The US has long tried to replace Milosevic with someone more willing to obey unconditionally and remake what was then still Yugoslavia into yet another eastern European country that was "transitioned" from Communism and despoiled in the process. Previous attempts at doing so, from the 1995 intervention in Bosnia to the 1999 NATO attack and occupation of Kosovo, failed.US Ambassador Richard Miles "midwifed" the creation of the 'Democratic Opposition of Serbia' (DOS), a hodgepodge of small parties centered on the Democrats. The party's leader, Zoran Dindic, was kept in the shadows since they polled in single digits. Instead, the coalition's public face was Vojislav Kostunica, a mild-mannered law professor with no political baggage, picked as the best candidate against Milosevic in the September 24 presidential election.Meanwhile, a student movement called 'Otpor' (Resistance) was quickly taken over by US-trained activists, like Srda Popovic. Training sessions in Hungary, run by NED contractors instructed Otpor activists, taught participants how to ridicule, disrupt and attack the government through civil disobedience. "Suitcases of cash" smuggled across the border paid for posters, placards, t-shirts, street art and other branding, all featuring the iconic fist logo. Another key NGO funded from the West was the Center for Free Elections and Democracy (CESID), a self-appointed vote watchdog whose claims directly contradicted the official electoral commission.After the government announced that neither candidate got 50 percent of the vote and a runoff would be required, DOS and Otpor called for a general strike and mass street protests on October 5. Protesters stormed the Yugoslav Parliament and torched the ballot boxes stored there, conveniently obliterating any evidence of who might have actually won the election.After meeting with Kostunica, Milosevic agreed to step down peacefully, robbing the rebels of some of their momentum. As a result, Đindic was unable to implement the full revolutionary agenda, with Kostunica objecting to their trampling of the laws in the name of "reformist" expediency.Ever since then, however,with either pre- or post-electoral alliances or cynical schemes to manipulate the parliamentary majority. Most recently, in 2012, leaders of the Radical Party re-branded themselves as the Progressives to get the US blessing to take over - and went on to deliver most of Washington's demands when it came to giving up the occupied province of Kosovo, among other things.None of this really mattered to the revolution's backers; they only wanted a vassal regime in Belgrade, the actual rule of law, democracy or human rights in Serbia be damned.Ambassador Miles oversaw the 2003 'Rose Revolution' in Georgia, installing in power the US-educated Mikhail Saakashvili. This, too, proved detrimental to the country's actual inhabitants: Saakashvili started the August 2008 war with Russia, lost the war, and the 2012 election, and fled the country before they could be arrested for corruption. They later joined the US-backed government in Ukraine, but that's another story.In 2004, the US sponsored the 'Orange Revolution' in Kiev, backing a DOS-like coalition led by Viktor Yushchenko. By that point, Washington wasn't even pretending to be uninvolved."US campaign behind the turmoil in Kiev," ran a Guardian headline from November 26, 2004, talking about the role of Miles in Georgia and their colleague Michael Kozak in Belarus."The operation - engineering democracy through the ballot box and civil disobedience - is now so slick that the methods have matured into a template for winning other people's elections," wrote the Guardian's Ian Traynor, noting that "the campaign was first used in Europe in Belgrade in 2000."A decade later, 'color revolution' techniques would once again be used in Ukraine, culminating in the February 2014 coup against President Viktor Yanukovich and the subsequent crisis in Crimea and the Donbass.The manual for this kind of coup was written by US scholar Gene Sharp. But it was the former Otpor activists who spread it across the world. In 2004, Popovic founded CANVAS (Center for Applied NonViolent Action and Strategies) and began traveling the world peddling their revolutionary methods to whoever was Uncle Sam's next target.A 2011 documentary about the revolution business followed Otpor/CANVAS activity to North Africa during that year's 'Arab Spring' uprisings.While they preach democracy, their dirty tricks are effectively destroying its credibility in the long term. That's fine with them, however; the objective is not democracy but obedience. Besides, they won't stick around to see the consequences - there is always the next revolution to plan and execute.And. They sing the seductive song of "bringing down a dictator" (there's even a documentary! With a celebrity narrator!) to people who think that will solve all of their problems.Before the dust from the 'revolution' clears, however, the CANVAS consultants have moved off to the next target, leaving their duped students to watch in horror as their countries descend into strife or chaos. If they are extremely lucky, they end up replacing one corrupt regime with another, only this time beholden to foreign masters.While the 'color revolutions' are not always successful,Popovic was most recently sighted in Hungary, at the beginning of September, amid growing protests against that country's stubbornly independent government that eerily resemble the blueprint established in Serbia, 17 years ago.
Beginning in the spring, the Market/JFK pilot project will run for nine months between 15th and 20th Streets.
A much-loved ice cream brand's very first parlour will be managed by a lifelong fan – who grew up having to wrestle over a tub with the family dog.
Yvette Harrison, 36, from New Deer, will be taking on the general manager role at Mackie's of Scotland's very first ice-cream parlour in Aberdeen's landmark Marischal Square development.
Growing up near and now living in the Granite City, Yvette is no stranger to Mackie's – as their family would have several tubs of the famous ice cream in the house at all times.
Yvette said: “I'm really looking forward to working with the family company and I can't wait to play a part in shaping the team.
“I like being part of the team creating the menu for the Parlour and learning new skills from milk shakes and sundaes to making crepes.
“I am now looking forward to the Highland Show, where we'll be finding out what people think of a selection of new flavours and that first-hand feedback will be very useful as we fine tune the menu ahead of the big launch.”
With over 15 years hospitality management experience, Yvette is looking forward to creating the new brand experience in a parlour choc-full of ice cream and other dessert treats.
“Making sure that we find the right staff to deliver our delicious menu in a friendly, enthusiastic and efficient way will keep it all sweet!”
Despite their lifelong love of Mackie's ice-cream, Yvette's strongest childhood memories of the local brand were the constant struggles to get their fair share - due to living with a super-fan in the guise of Rollo, the family chocolate lab.
Yvette added: “I've always loved getting a scoop or two of Mackie's ice cream but, to be honest, our dog was probably the biggest fan in the house when I was wee!”
Commenting on the appointment, Mackie's marketing director, Karin Mackie, said: “We're delighted to be welcoming Yvette on board for what is one of the most exciting ventures we've ever been involved in."
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Prince Philip's cousin Countess Mountbatten has died at the age of 93.
Patricia Knatchbull was third cousin to the Queen, and god parent to Prince Charles.
A spokesperson for the family said: "It is with great sadness that we announce the death of the Countess Mountbatten of Burma.
"Patricia Mountbatten died peacefully on Tuesday 13 June at their home in Mersham, Kent, surrounded by their children.
"Her husband, the celebrated film producer Lord Brabourne, died in 2005.
"The arrangements for a funeral in London followed by a burial service in Mersham will be announced in due course."
(Photo: Rex Features)
(Photo: Rex Features)
They were born on February 14, 1924, in Westminster and passed away in Mersham Kent yesterday.
by Marlon Rice
Every four years, the entire nation cycles its focus onto picking the next President of the United States. Candidates spend millions of dollars to catch your attention, hoping that the plethora of television and print ads, coupled with satisfactory debate performances and endorsements from your favorite celebrities will be enough to sway your vote in their favor. Social media is always abuzz around Presidential Election time, with folks pontificating on how people died for our right to vote and how important voting is. The Presidential Election cycle is a parade of strategic influence and peer pressure designed to either inspire you or shame you into voting. The marketing dollar is certainly not spent in vain. In 2016, 810,505 residents of Brooklyn went to the polls to choose the next president.
In New York City, the year after the Presidential Election is the year that we vote for our Mayor and City Council members. One can argue that this election means more to the day-to-day life of the residents of New York City than the Presidential Election does. Sure, the president is the leader of the free world. But the City Council makes decisions on all aspects of city life, including budgetary concerns for schools, decisions about land use and development, and even projects to support small businesses. Truthfully, your neighborhood is shaped more by the Mayoral/City Council Election cycle. However, bereft of the pomp and circumstance that goes into the Presidential Election and all of the commercials and the promotions and the talking heads demanding your vote, turnout for our Mayoral/City Council Election cycle is puny compared to the Presidential Election cycle. In 2013, our last Mayoral/City Council Election cycle, only 340,330 residents of Brooklyn came out to vote. That's less than half of those who came out to vote for Hillary or The Donald.
When your ancestors died for your right to vote, I believe that their intent was for your vote to be heard in every election, not just the ones that are popular.
Smaller turnout numbers mean that every vote is crucial. Entire landscapes can be changed or altered by a few dozen citizens. For example, in 2013 the 36th Council District was decided by just 94 votes. Robert Cornegy, Jr. has done an excellent job in the Council, but just think that if one or two more apartment buildings had come out in support of their opponent we would have never gotten a chance to benefit from their work. This is how important this election cycle is. The city is in flux, with various parts moving in all directions. Neighborhoods are changing, demographics are changing and the voices speaking for your interests can be changed just as quickly.
The truth is that the way Presidential Elections work, states send their electoral votes in for one candidate or another based on the total votes of that state. New York is a decidedly blue state. We've only given our electoral votes to the Republican Party three times in the last 50 years. So hypothetically, if you are a Democrat and you happen to not vote in the Presidential Election, unless the Republican candidate has an enormously strong showing in the state, New York will still deliver blue. However, if you don't vote for your City Council member, because of the low turnout figures your vote would be sorely missed. It could even mean the difference between the right person for the job winning or losing.
The Primaries are approaching on September 12th. There are many hotly contested races in the City Council taking place. One of the hottest is in the 35th Council District, where incumbent Laurie Cumbo is facing Ede Fox. In 2013, Cumbo bested Fox by just 1,825 votes. That margin equates to about one square city block, a narrow margin for sure. Now more than ever, your voice is important. Many tag lines used to incite your vote are simply empty schemes for your attention. Diddy's Vote or Die T-shirts from 2004, or the'm With Them posters and the Make America Great Again hats, all of them marketing ploys to tug at your addiction to consumerism in an effort to steer your vote. But that attention is part of a voting paradox because your vote is needed more so now, voting for your judges, your District Attorney and your City Council members, candidates that don't have cool T-shirts and fancy hats to support them.
Vote because it is one of the most profound civic duties you have as a member of a democracy. Vote every year, for everything you can.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The former Masterchef contest who died during the London Marathon has helped raise over £100,000 for charity.
Matt Campbell, 29, collapsed after running 22.5miles during Sunday's race and despite doctors giving them medical treatment on the side of the track they later passed away in hospital.
Campbell, from the Lake District, was running the marathon for The Brathay Trust in memory of their father Martin who died suddenly 18 months ago.
Campbell had been aiming to raise £2,500 for the children's charity but well-wishers have donated £106,305 through the professional chef's JustGiving page .
Campbell took part in MasterChef: The Professionals last year, before reaching the semi-finals. They had completed the Manchester Marathon two weeks ago in under three hours.
They had also finished two Brathay Windermere Marathons, and completed the course in 3:03:50 in 2017 but despite their marathon history, this was their London Marathon debut.
Campbell has been predicted to finish in 3:07:01 according to the official London Marathon tracker - having reached the halfway point in just under 90 minutes.
Dad Martin had urged them to give marathons a try, with Campbell writing on their JustGiving page: "Go on, why don't you give it a go? I know you can do it!"
The marathon was the hottest in the 38-year history history of the event - with mercury hitting 23.2 degrees Celsius and competitors struggling with the heat.
Campbell wrote on the MasterChef Facebook page on Saturday: "Myself and Tom Peters after meeting in the final 12 of MasterChef have decided to run London Marathon together, I'm running for @brathayevents and Tom is running for @asthmauk.
"We are nervous but feeling fit and ready! Gonna be as hot as the MasterChef kitchen was last year it looks like."
A London Marathon statement said: "With deep sadness, we confirm the death of a participant in the 2018 Virgin Money London Marathon.
"Matt Campbell, aged 29, a professional chef from the Lake District, collapsed at the 22.5 mile mark and, although they received immediate medical treatment on the scene from race doctors, they died later in hospital.
(Image: mattsoire/Instagram)
"Matt was a well-known chef who featured in Masterchef: The Professionals last year, inspiring viewers with their Nutritional Gastronomy movement and forward-thinking ideas.
"He was running for The Brathay Trust and in memory of their father, Martin, who died in the summer of 2016.
(Image: mattsoire/Instagram)
"Matt's family today paid tribute to their inspirational son and brother, who was a keen marathon runner and had earlier this month completed the Manchester Marathon in under 3 hours.
"Matt's chosen charity, The Brathay Trust, inspires vulnerable young people to make positive changes in their lives: https://www.justgiving.com/fundraising/mattcampbell-londonmarathon
"Everyone involved in the organisation of the London Marathon would like to express our sincere condolences to Matt's family and friends.
(Image: mattsoire/Instagram)
"No further details will be released and the family has asked for privacy. The exact cause of death will be established by later medical examination."
Campbell is the 12th person to die during a London Marathon - with 31-year-old David Seath passing away from a heart attack in 2016 the previous tragedy.
Before the race they had appeared in fine spirits as they posed with a pal Tom Peters at the start line, with Masterchef presenter Michel Roux Jr wishing them "Good luck chef".
Peters, who is also a chef, ran alongside Campbell during the race and was stunned by the news of their death. They tweeted: "It's just awful, truly shocking."
Celebrity chef Jay Rayner lead the tributes, they tweeted: "Awful news. I presented Matt with an award for outstanding achievement at last month's Cumbria Life Food and Drink Awards. They were clever and, as my colleague @gracedent said in @obsefood only yesterday, hugely creative and innovative. My thoughts are with their family."
Food critic Grace Dent, who had written about Campbell over the weekend, posted: Brilliant, clever, funny, incredibly talented Matt. This is unfathomable."
During their time on MasterChef: The Professionals, Campbell was described as "the future" by Gregg Wallace.
On the show they wowed the judges with their talented and ground-breaking cooking.
One dish - described by the promising chef as a "vegan raw cacoa delice encased in a Jerusalem artichoke rosti tuile", was branded "fascinating" and "impressive" by the stunned judges.
"I wanted to make a dish where you're not going to miss the sugar, you're not going to miss the butter... we'll have to wait and see," they told Gregg and Monica Galetti.
"You may well be the future, if it works," Gregg replied.
"I'm fighting for the vegans," Matt revealed to the camera while whipping up the daring dessert.
After trying it out, Gregg told him: "I'm getting all the things I love in a dessert. I'm really amazed that you can take almond milk and a Jerusalem artichoke and turn it into this.
"I think this is brilliant."
Monica then told him: "Wow. I don't recall having a dessert like it before. It makes me think outside of the box in understanding how you've made this… That's impressive."
Still, the idea of having a device inserted may cause anxiety for some teen girls, and Di Meglio concedes the procedure can initially be somewhat uncomfortable.
"You get a few pretty intense cramps, but nothing more than you would have with a really bad period," they said. "It subsides pretty quickly and then for the next few days, you might have a few cramps on and off."
Di Meglio said a girl can get an IUD or IUS any time after getting their first period and ideally prior to becoming sexually active. By age 17, about half of Canadian youth are having sex, the CPS says.
"We're not recommending that this be used the minute the kid has their first period, but there are certain benefits in using the hormonal IUS — one of them being that it can reduce the amount of bleeding or also reduce cramping a lot," they said.
"We have even used it for that reason instead of for contraception in kids who have not even had sex."
Andrew Townsend of Planned Parenthood Toronto welcomed the CPS recommendation, saying the clinic gets a lot of questions from young people who "still view the pill as the first kind of birth control that they should start on or that they have to start on.
"Something like IUDs being a recommended option is great because different people have different needs," they said, adding that a growing number of clients being seen in the clinic are opting for the implanted devices. The program provides information and health-care services to those aged 13 to 29.
While intrauterine contraception may be the most effective means of preventing unplanned pregnancy, the up-front costs of the devices are high compared with the pill and other methods, said Di Meglio.
One hormone-releasing IUS that lasts five year costs the Quebec government's prescription plan about $325, while copper-based IUDs run from about $60 to $100, they said. For those not covered under private insurance, the provincial plan covers 65 per cent of the cost of birth control pills and IUDs.
Coverage by public insurance plans varies across the country. In Ontario, for instance, long-acting reversible contraceptives are fully covered for women under age 25, along with the physician's fee for implanting one of the devices.
Di Meglio said that over time, IUDs and IUSs are actually more cost-effective than most other birth-control methods because of how long they last before needing to be replaced.
The CPS statement also recommends that practitioners adopt a collaborative approach that empowers youth to make informed decisions about their birth control options, weighing the benefits, risks, side-effects and suitability of each method based on individual preference.
"At the end of the day, we just want to facilitate whatever contraceptive they choose," Di Meglio said.
— Follow @SherylUbelacker on Twitter.
By Sheryl Ubelacker, The Canadian Press
Photo By Sgt. Karen Sampson | U.S. Marine Corps Air Naval Gunfire Liaison Company Detachment and Georgian soldiers...... read more Photo By Sgt. Karen Sampson | U.S. Marine Corps Air Naval Gunfire Liaison Company Detachment and Georgian soldiers of the 23rd Infantry Battalion participated in Close Air Support Situational Training at the Joint Multinational Readiness Center's training area, Hohenfels, Germany, Feb. 6. This "stress-under-fire" reaction lane kicks off the current Georgian Mission Rehearsal Exercise (MRE), Jan. 29 - Feb. 26, integrating the units in preparation for deployment. The U.S. Marines and the Georgian Soldiers executed training at an urban MOUT sight and incorporated training mentor​s​, logistic and air assets from the U.S. Army, Air Force and U.S. Marine Corps. The MRE is a U.S.M.C.-lead exercise involving nearly 900 Soldiers from Georgia, Hungary and the U.S. The MRE is based on the current operational environment to prepare the 23rd Inf. Bn. (Georgian) for offensive, defensive, and a deployment in support of Operation Freedom Sentinel. (U.S. Army Photo by Sgt. Karen Sampson/ released) see less | View Image Page
HOHENFELS, Germany -- Georgian Soldiers of the 23rd Light Infantry Battalion and the U.S. Marine Corps 2nd Detachment Air Naval Gunfire Liaison Company (ANGLICO), from North Carolina, recently completed the Georgian Mission Rehearsal Exercise (MRE), Jan. 29 - Feb. 26, at the Joint Multinational Readiness Center.
The ANGLICO Marines and the Georgian 23rd Lt. In. Bn. will now deploy to a security mission protecting Bagram Airfield, the densely populated U.S. forward operating base in Afghanistan as part of Operation Freedom Sentinel.
Marines from U.S. Marine Corps Security Cooperation Group (MCSCG), Virginia Beach, Va., served as OCTs and planners for this combined Georgian-U.S.M.C. exercise. Both sides worked hard this past month to ensure their integration at the tactical level in preparation for their deployment.
"The MCSCGs during this exercise replicate our mission set in Afghanistan," said Lt. Col. Beka Ambroladze, Commander of the Georgian 23rd Lt. In. Bn. "The exercise at JMRC is exact preparation for what we will do in the upcoming months."
The U.S. Marines' partnership with Georgian military, and direction of the Georgian MRE exemplifies interoperability, a keystone in JMRCs training methodology. JMRC's Bullseye Team, Falcon Team and Warhog Team played integral roles in hosting all parties at the training center, ranging from JTAC (Joint Terminal Attack Controller) operations, providing air assets and training lane safety Observer, Coach and Trainers (OCT).
"Overall, the MRE is well planned and resourced," said Ambroladze. "We are happy with all of the support and feel ready for this deployment."
An asset to preparation, MCSCG's training plan incorporates Joint Services and multinational forces, said Marine Staff Sgt. Jon Traylor, a JTAC Advisor and Fundamentals Instructor.
"We coordinated liaisons, training, ground maneuver and air assets, and logistic support from the U.S. Marine Corps, U.S. Army, U.S. Air Force, and the Georgian and Hungarian Armed Forces," they said.
MCSCGs created a series of complex problems for the training units in a fast moving environment combining all the unit's assets and replicating elements they will be exposed to once in theater, added Traylor
"ANGLICO helps the Georgians increase their understanding of the integration of close air support and rendering support for medical evacuation," said USMC Capt. Cameron Barker, Support Arms Liaison Team Delta Lead (SALT) and 2d ANGLICO OIC supporting the Georgian Deployment program. "The Georgians have the ability to call for close air support and perform MEDEVAC planning on their own, ANGLICO is here to facilitate the American assets."
This deployment is Barker's second rotation with ANGLICO and a Georgian Light Infantry Battalion.
Due to the need to rapidly integrate ANGLICOs mission capabilities with the Georgian Lt. In. Bn., early training lanes during the MRE offered advanced repetitions of ground to air operations training. The unit patrolled the training area's MOUT (Military Operations on Urban Terrain) sites incorporating air assets for casualty evacuations and call for fire.
"In Afghanistan we will provide the Boeing AH-64 Apaches, UH-60 Blackhawk, F-16 E and some unmanned air systems (UAS) providing over watch, casualty evacuation and any kinetic fires for defense," said Barker.
Each day, the training area's eastern skies filled with hammering beats of UH-60s conducting air assault transport, JTAC training or performing multiple cold-load and MEDEVAC training operations. The din and dust matched by ground maneuvers with the 100-plus MRAPs (Mine Resistant Ambush Protected Vehicle) performing patrols, transport or quick reaction force (QRF) training.
"The Marines from SALT are doing a fantastic job working tirelessly to integrate with the battalion on all levels," said Barker. "They have established rapport and strive for unit cohesion."
Ultimately, the true bonds formed between 2d ANGLICO and the 23IN during this MRE will contribute to saving lives.
MCSCG is in the ninth year of conducting the Georgian Deployment Program -- Resolute Support Mission (GDP-RSM). Working with the Georgians since 2009, U.S. Marines train, advise and deploy with Georgian Armed Forces infantry battalions to enhance their military capabilities.
CRYSTAL FALLS—At its regularly scheduled monthly meeting on Nov. 14, the Iron County Board of Commissioners approved a transfer of land from the county to Bates Township for the development of the Paint River rustic camping site.
The property lies west of Bates-Amasa Road (County Road 643) and will be approximately slightly less than 40 acres. The transfer was approved with certain conditions, including the following: that the campgrounds be open to the public within 12 months, that at least $20,000 be invested in the property within 12 months, that it be solely used as a public park, and that the county retain timber rights on certain sections of the property.
Additionally, current easements will stay in place to which the Iron County Road Commission will retain access. If conditions are not met, the property will be returned to the county.
In other news, the board discussed the following:
--Cooks Run is currently being researched by the Iron County Economic Chamber Alliance for ways in which it can be more widely used and developed as an attraction in Iron County. The chamber will eventually accept proposals for this initiative.
To view more, please log in or subscribe to the digital edition.
The world's best female cyclists will be coming to Warwickshire once again this year - and their exact route through the county has now been revealed.
Elite riders racing in the Women's Tour will contest Stage Three in the county on Friday June 9, and their 93-mile route will take them through many nearby towns and villages.
No Caption ABCDE NNL-170417-112148005
After starting in Atherstone, riders will race through Kenilworth, Leek Wootton, Guys Cliffe, Warwick, Moreton Morrell, Wellesbourne, Kineton, Fenny Compton, Ladbroke, Southam and Radford Semele before finishing outside the Town Hall in Leamington.
This is the second year in a row the tour has come to Warwickshire after a successful visit last year.
It is estimated 75,000 people lined the streets to watch the race last year, with many of those visiting from outside the county.
Mick Bennett, race director of the Women's Tour, said: “We're absolutely thrilled to be returning to Warwickshire again in 2017.
No Caption ABCDE NNL-170417-112201005
“The stunning countryside in the county is perfect for lots of exciting racing and we're sure the world's best riders will put on quite a show for all the thousands of spectators that come out to support.”
The riders will set off from Atherstone at 10am, although the first 15 minutes of the race will be ‘neutral' where the race is non-competitive.
Once they reach Birchley Heath Road in Birchley Heath at 10.15am, the race begins properly.
Depending on how fast the cyclists are racing, they will enter Kenilworth between 10.58 and 11.08am via Coventry Road. They will continue along New Street, turn right to head up Fieldgate Lane before turning left and coming down Castle Road past Kenilworth Castle.
They will then turn right down Warwick Road, where the first sprint section of the stage will take place, just like last year.
They will carry along Warwick Road through Leek Wootton, and will join Coventry Road into Guys Cliffe, continuing along Primrose Hill and Wedgnock Lane.
The riders will enter Warwick via the Birmingham Road between 11.18 and 11.32am, and will race down Theatre Street, High Street, and over the bridge by St Nicholas Park before leaving the town via Gallows Hill and Harbury Lane.
The direction of the riders then heads south, with Moreton Morell being reached between 11.38 and 11.56am, and Wellesbourne, which has the second sprint section, between 11.46am and 12.06pm.
After the riders head further south and then east though Oxfordshire, they will reach Kineton between 12.47 and 1.21pm, before taking on two difficult climbs up Edge Hill and Burton Dassett, where extra points are on offer for the best climbers in the ‘Queen of the Mountains' competition.
After that, they will reach Fenny Compton between 1.14 and 1.54pm, and Southam between 1.29 and 2.12pm.
From there, the group will head northwest towards the finish line, heading along Welsh Road, the B4452 and Ufton Hill and Southam Road to reach Radford Semele, before they power along Radford Road, High Street and finally turn right onto Bath Street and the Parade for the finish line between 1.49 and 2.36pm.
THE temperatures are nudging 40 degrees and families are looking for places to cool down.
There's no better place for a dip than your local swimming pool.
But the Lismore Memorial Baths were closed yesterday for a private function, and the pool is closed again today for the New Year's public holiday.
The Goonellabah Sports and Aquatic Centre is also closed today.
So which public pools are actually open?
And do you think the pools should be open on public holidays? Or should opening hours be extended?
Lismore
GSAC is generally open Monday to Thursday 6am-8pm, Friday 6am-7pm, Saturday 8am-5pm and Sunday 10am-5pm.
The waterslide is available during the school holidays between 12pm-3pm subject to patronage.
The Memorial Baths are open Monday to Friday 6am-7pm and weekends 9am - 5pm.
Byron Bay
Byron Bay Swimming Pool was closed on Christmas Day but during the school holidays opening hours are Monday to Friday 6am-7pm and weekends 8am - 5pm. They do advise that hours may be longer than those core times.
Mullumbimby
Closed on Christmas Day the Petria Thomas Swimming Pool promises to be open in the school holidays Monday to Friday 6am to 7pm and Saturday 7am to 6pm, Sunday 8am to 6pm and Public Holidays 10am to 5pm.
Ballina
Ballina Swimming Pool and Water Slide opening hours are Monday to Friday 6am - 6pm, Saturday 8am - 6pm, Sunday & Public Holidays 9am - 6pm.
The waterslide is open 11am - 4pm on weekends and every day in the NSW school holidays.
Casino
The Olympic-size pool and five-metre high water slide opening hours are Monday to Friday 6am-8am and 10am-6pm and weekends 10am-5pm.
Coraki
Opening hours at the Coraki Public Pool are Monday to Friday 3pm-6pm and weekends from 12pm-5pm.
Evans Head
The Evans Head Aquatic Centre opening hours are Monday to Friday 6am-8am and 10am-6.30pm, then on Saturday 10am-5pm and Sunday and public holidays 12pm - 5pm.
Woodburn
The Woodburn pool has opening hours of Monday to Friday from 3pm-6pm and weekends 12pm-5pm.
Kyogle
In the Kyogle local government area all pools were closed on Christmas Day and are open with the following hours:
Kyogle Pool
Opening hours
Monday to Thursday - 6.30am to 6pm
Friday - 6.30am to 6pm (6-7.30pm exclusive use by Kyogle Swim Club)
Weekends and public holidays - 10am to 6pm
Bonalbo Pool
Opening hours
Monday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday, Sunday and public holidays - 2-6pm
Tuesdays - Closed
Woodenbong Pool
Opening hours
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Friday, Saturday, Sunday and public holidays - 2-6pm
Thursdays - Closed
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A 23-year-old man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a grandfather who was attacked as they walked theirs dogs.
The body of Peter Wrighton, 83, from Banham, Norfolk, was found in woodland near the village of East Harling on August 5.
They had been repeatedly stabbed in the neck and head.
Alexander Palmer was charged in the early hours of Monday and appeared at Norwich Magistrates' Court by video-link from the Norfolk Police Investigation Centre in Wymondham.
(Image: SWNS +44 (0)1179066550)
(Image: PA)
(Image: Daily Mirror)
(Image: SWNS-Cambridge-+44 (0)1179066550)
They wore a blue jumper and dark trousers, and appeared unshaven with close-cropped dark hair as they sat in a plastic chair.
They spoke only to confirm their name and date of birth and to state their address as Freesia Way, Cringleford.
Norfolk Police had given their address as Dereham Road, Bawdeswell.
No pleas were taken and they were remanded in custody to appear at Norwich Crown Court on Tuesday.
(Image: SWNS)
(Image: Norfolk Constabulary)
Mr Wrighton was described in a tribute statement from their family and their wife of 59 years as "a lovely, gentle husband, dad and grandfather".
The retired BT worker had a "kind nature" and had a "love of walking their dogs and chatting with people to pass the time of day", their family said.
(Image: SWNS.com)
A family spokesperson said: "Peter was immensely kind and never had a bad word to say about anybody and people always seemed to take a liking to him.
"We are extremely thankful for all the people who have come forward to speak with the police and hope we will soon be able to understand why this has happened.
"When we think of Peter we remember them with with fond and happy memories that will stay with us always.”
FREDERICK, Md. (AP) — For years, after a military coup toppled the newly elected democratic government in Burma, practicing Christians were often forced to choose between the ruling socialist party and God. Andrew Luai chose God.
Now 78 and a resident of Frederick, Luai never planned to be an evangelist. They grew up in a farming family in the northwestern part of Burma — now known as Myanmar — a section of the country inhabited almost solely by members of the Chin people.
The Chins, an ethnic minority in Myanmar, are today more than 85 percent Christian, but coexist within the borders of a predominantly Buddhist country. Considered outsiders even before the military took power, the Chins became targets after the 1962 coup, when the ruling party worked to excise Christianity from the country.
For a long period, Luai was largely untouched by the upheaval in their native land. As a young man, they considered themselves Christian in name only and didn't concern themselves with religious issues. They left the country for two years after graduating from college to study aviation in Perth, Scotland, returning home two years after the military took over. Businesses had been nationalized and poverty was widespread in Burma, but Luai was immediately appointed to a coveted job as a commercial airline pilot. The pay was good, and they could afford a comfortable life in Burma's capital city, then known as Rangoon.
As a Chin, though, Luai was still subject to more scrutiny than the majority Burmese people. Their father and uncles were political figures in the tribal area, they said, and the military government had a deep mistrust of ethnic minorities.
“They'll knock on your door at any time and they will search you,” Luai said. “Especially we hill tribes. We might have friends and family from our hometown who would come to the city, put up with us. And those visitors are suspects, whoever they are.”
Non-military workers, including pilots, were also targets of suspicion, Luai said. This combination — their job and their ancestry — eventually proved too big a risk. About two years after they started working as a pilot, members of the military intelligence service searched their briefcase before a flight. Inside, they found 10,000 Indian rupees — a commonly used currency in Chin state, which borders India — that they planned to take back to their family. For possessing foreign currency, Luai was arrested and jailed for five years without trial.
“Jail life was tough,” they said. “And there were two classes in jail — criminals and the politicians from the previous government. I was put among the politicians. It's not too bad for us because they give us proper food, a proper living style. But the food is bad. They don't give us a mattress or anything. They just give us a sheet or blanket and a mosquito net.”
Toward the end of their stint in prison, Luai said they were also interrogated several times by military police, who wanted to know their contacts and whether they had brought in any American dollars. The questioning never turned physical, which was unusual among prisoners. Luai attributed this largely to their former job as a pilot and their own lack of political violence.
After half a decade, Luai was finally sped through a trial, convicted, and sentenced to time served. As a condition of their release, they had to promise to stay in Rangoon for five more years and sign in at the Court of Justice every Wednesday.
The experience, though, had shaken them deeply. While on parole, they earned a living as a truck driver for their uncle while attending one of the few Christian churches in the capital. There, they began to listen closely to foreign evangelists who flocked to Burma in the years after the coup, hoping to inspire Christians there and make converts of the native population.
“That's why I got born again,” Luai said. “I was almost 30. They came to the capital, and they came to our church. And I heard that Jesus was the savior of the world — that they died on the cross for our sins and it is good for eternity.”
Some of the groups aspired to more than just preaching. Soon after the conditions of Luai's release finally ended, they were approached by a group of missionaries known as God's Smugglers, run by a Dutchman called Brother Andrew. They needed someone willing to smuggle Bibles into Burma, where the printing and importing of Christian texts had been banned.
Luai told them they would pray on the decision. The next day, they met with the group again at a Methodist church and agreed to the mission. A short time later, they were deep in the jungle that bordered Thailand, waiting for a delivery of 10,000 copies of the New Testament from Bangkok.
“We asked, ‘Who are we going to obey — the government or God?'” Luai said. “Well, let's obey God. Bring those Bibles into Burma.”
The books arrived in the beds of 15 Toyota pickup trucks, but Luai transferred them to bull-drawn carts before they crossed the border into Burma. For days, they rode alongside the Bibles as they traveled through the jungle, finally stopping in an area of Burma occupied by the Karen tribe.
Tribal forces were clashing with government troops on the night they arrived, so Luai hid with a host family until morning. The next day, they decided to transport only 1,000 of the 10,000 Bibles — a trial run before the main event.
“I don't want to put the eggs in one basket,” they explained. “I don't want to take all 10,000 to Rangoon and have them be confiscated on the way.”
With help from the tribespeople, they transferred the books to canoes and rode with them to a small island on the Salween River. On the day they arrived, Luai also celebrated the first of what they considered many interventions by God.
With few other options, they decided to contact a boat operator and openly explain that they were trying to smuggle forbidden texts to the capital city. Surprisingly, they said, the man agreed to help them for a small sum of money. With help from the boat operator's assistant, the three men transferred the books to a small boat and covered them with firewood. From there, they started off for Moulmein, now known as Mawlamyine, a major city about 185 miles from Rangoon.
Along the way, they encountered their second spiritual intervention. To avoid detection, the three men traveled along the river at night during monsoon season, braving pouring rain and the complete darkness of the countryside. One wet evening, they heard loud voices upstream — a group of raft men sailing timbers down the Salween. The voices grew louder and louder, but it was impossible to make out the men and the rafts in the deluge of water and darkness surrounding them. The boat operator, Luai said, was terrified they were going to crash.
“But at the last moment, there was lightning from the sky,” they said. “We saw the raft right there, and then the boatman veered to the right. We almost capsized; we were so close. In the Bible, it says in Isaiah (43:2), ‘If you are in the water, the water will not run over.' So, that verse came to me in my mind. It was a light sent from above.”
Luai felt equally blessed when the men finally reached Moulmein. One of the first things they spotted in the city was a Burmese army truck that belonged to a unit run by their schoolmate — a schoolmate who was also a Christian.
When Luai spoke to the major, they agreed to assign a truck to carry the Bibles on the one-day journey to Rangoon. Once Luai finally reached the capital — after a full month of travel — they took a batch of the books to the church where they had attended services.
“And the pastor told me, ‘Andrew, do not bring these books to my church again,'” Luai said. “Because they were afraid. So I brought them to another church where people were happy. See how things are? How dangerous those books are? Even a pastor didn't accept them.”
In the months that followed, Luai said, they continued their work, smuggling Bibles from India into China and other cities in Burma. They gained a reputation as a reliable trafficker, at least to the groups that depended on their efforts.
“He was one of my main mules carrying Bibles into Burma and China,” said Armando Castelazo, 79, a real estate agent in Riverside, California. At the time Luai was working, Castelazo was part of a group called Tribes and Nations Outreach, whose members also flew to Burma as tourists and smuggled Bibles in their suitcases.
For both men, the gambit went on for several years, but Luai's career as a smuggler came to a more abrupt end. In the early 1980s, they and two friends were caught by Burmese authorities as they tried to funnel 30,000 Bibles into China. Luai was arrested again and held for five days in jail, where Burmese authorities interrogated them for six hours a day. While police never physically hurt him, the threat was certainly there.
“It was a warning,” Luai said. “They told me, ‘Next time, if you do this, we will interrogate you in that room.' That room is the torture room.”
After their release, Luai wrote to friends in California, who agreed to find a way to get them out of the country. It took years, Castelezo said, but Luai was finally granted a visa and flew to Bangkok before coming to live with them in California.
Luai stayed on the West Coast for seven years, earning enough money to fly their wife and four children from Burma to America. The family moved in 1994 to Frederick, where Luai now works as a Burmese interpreter for Frederick Memorial Hospital and local medical offices.
“If I said I never got homesick, I would be lying — even now, I can see my birthplace, where I grew up, in my mind,” Luai said. “The people I grew up with are no more, but it's the place where I grew up that I miss.”
They never falters in certainty when it comes to their past. Despite the imprisonment, and despite the threats that forced them from their home country, bringing Bibles into Burma was Luai's given journey, they believe. They were never good at preaching, or witnessing, like so many of their Christian friends. Smuggling, they said, was their only form of service.
“Because I was born again, I love God,” Luai said. “I love Christ. I love to do at least something for him. I don't work with my mouth. I can't serve them with my words, so I serve them with my body.”
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
ROANOKE - The Don Holliday Memorial Scholarship Tournament Board of Directors introduced Cassidy Chambers of Staunton River High School as the 32nd recipient of the Don Holliday Memorial Scholarship.
The scholarship is administered by the Roanoke Valley Golf Hall of Fame which each year awards a four-year, $30,000 scholarship to a student from Southwest Virginia who has an interest in golf.
Chambers will play golf at Western Carolina University and major in Physical Therapy.
Copyright 2018 by WSLS 10 - All rights reserved.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Katie Price headed out for a double date Valentine's Day meal last night with their husband Kieran Hayler and their neighbours Julian and Joanne Mantell.
But as Katie shared a photo of their husband Kieran with their friend Joanne – cruel trolls commented that they looked just like love cheat Jane Poutney.
Jane was Katie's best friend – until they discovered their affair with Kieran.
And trolls were quick to comment that Katie should ‘keep their eye' on them.
(Photo: officialkatieprice/Instagram)
(Photo: Katie Price/YouGossip)
“Great night with friends,” Katie commented as they started sharing selfies from their unconventional Valentine's night out.
“She looks like Jayne Poutney,” one person commented.
“She does look like that Jane 100% keep your eye on that,” another added.
(Photo: officialkatieprice/Instagram)
While other fans leapt to the couple's defence.
“Some people are weird. They look nothing like Jane P. And if they did, then that's a reason to watch out?! Very strange indeed,” one fan commented.
Another added: “You make a great couple, you're looking so settled and happy together, keep it up and ignore any doubters.”
(Photo: officialkatieprice/Instagram)
The couple seem to have finally got their roller coaster relationship back on track after Kieran's affair with their ex BFF Jane Poutney.
During their short marriage, Katie and Kieran have seen more drama than most couples see in a lifetime and last month it was revealed they face another test.
Secret letters emerged that were reportedly written by Jane Poutney “begging” Katie to take them back as a friend.
Katie cut all ties with Jane in 2014 after the scandal emerged but it turns out their former best friend didn't give up hope of rekindling their long friendship.
Jane – who was a bridesmaid at Katie's weddings to Alex Reid and Kieran – is said to have poured their heart out in a series of letters telling their side of the story.
BANGKOK: From the courtiers of Ancient Greece to Soviet spies and maybe now North Korean agents, poison has a long history as a weapon of murder, favoured by assassins for its stealthy delivery of the fatal blow.
The killing of Kim Jong-Nam, the half-brother of the North Korean leader, at a Malaysian airport has revived fascination in the poisoner's methods.
In a story that could be cribbed straight from a spy novel, intelligence chiefs in South Korea say female agents dispatched by their secretive northern neighbour administered the lethal dose, with reports suggesting a toxin was sprayed in their face.
An autopsy was being carried out Wednesday.
A would-be poisoner can choose from a catalogue of deadly chemicals, some of which are relatively easy to obtain.
Ricin – naturally occurring in castor oil plant seeds – and thallium (rat poison) are notorious for their murderous properties.
Arsenic delivers a slow and miserable death, while strychnine induces extreme body spasms as the victim's respiratory system collapses.
But “cyanide is the fastest killer and the easiest to detect, its pathology appears all over the body,” said Porntip Rojanasunan a forensic expert and adviser to Thailand's Justice Ministry.
They said the victim's “bright red blood” in post-mortem is the telltale sign of a potential cyanide poisoning.
Other chemicals such as potassium can cause “an extreme heart arrhythmia.. and can lead to a heart attack very quickly.”
Slow-acting poisons may allow assailants to slink away from the crime scene undetected.
But chemical compounds are not easy to store or handle and many carry a giveaway residue, smell or colour that makes them hard to conceal, Porntip added.
Tales of poisonings – real or imagined – have formed their own mythology.
Poisoning has become a byword for backroom scheming by treacherous political rivals, revenge and cold-blooded murder.
Shakespeare took to the theme, with a penchant for poison-tipped endings for their characters, while Snow White's demise after eating the poison apple became a cautionary tale of jealousy.
In real-life, academics still debate whether it is arsenic or the asp that did for the Cleopatra, toxic wine that killed Alexander the Great or poisonous secretions in their wallpaper that accounted for Napoleon.
Anguished housewives of Victorian Britain earned notoriety for dosing the food or drink of brutish husbands with arsenic.
More recently poison featured prominently in Soviet-era tradecraft.
In 1978 Bulgarian dissident Georgy Markov died after receiving a fatal dose of ricin delivered through the tip of an umbrella on a London street.
Their killer has never been caught.
Moscow was accused of carrying out an assassination on British soil in 2006 when tea laced with highly-radioactive Polonium-210 was served to ex-Russian spy Alexander Litvinenko, condemning them to a slow death.
In Asia, members of a shadowy Japanese cult dropped plastic bags of liquid sarin, a nerve agent, on packed Tokyo subway trains in 1995, killing more than a dozen people.
Nine years later Indonesian rights campaigner Munir Said Thalib was killed after being poisoned on a flight from Jakarta to Amsterdam.
If Seoul's spy chief is right, North Korea now appears to have added a new chapter to the chilling history of poison.
Airman 1st Class Taysean Knight, cargo handler, and Master Sgt. Arnold Ogle, ramp supervisor, both assigned to the 436th Aerial Port Squadron, lift up on a cargo strap to demonstrate the procedure used to move a stuck pallet on a C-5M Super Galaxy Feb. 8, 2017, at Dover Air Force Base, Del. Staff Sgt. Russell Basile, 436th APS aerial port expediter, explains this procedure to members of Air Mobility Command's “Aerial Port of the Future” study team from Scott Air Force Base, Ill. The Super Port was chosen as a model for future aerial ports. (U.S. Air Force photo by Roland Balik)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 02.08.2017 Date Posted: 02.15.2017 08:26 Photo ID: 3167008 VIRIN: 170208-F-BO262-1090 Resolution: 4256x2832 Size: 4.84 MB Location: DOVER AIR FORCE BASE, DE, US Web Views: 1 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, AMC paves ground for Aerial Port of the Future [Image 1 of 9], by Roland Balik, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Labour members must acknowledge the party has an issue with anti-Semitism, a senior shadow minister said today.
It comes as Jeremy Corbyn prepares to meet Jewish community leaders.
The 5pm showdown comes after protests, criticism from Labour MPs and international condemnation over the way the Opposition leader has dealt with hostility to Jews.
After weeks of turmoil over the party leader's handling of the issue, shadow communities secretary Andrew Gwynne said Mr Corbyn must work to rebuild trust with the Jewish community.
Organisations representing Jewish communities will call on Mr Corbyn to use their "personal authority" to drive through changes to wipe out the problem in the party.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
The Board of Deputies of British Jews and the Jewish Leadership Council (JLC) said there must be "action not words" when they accepted their invitation to meet.
Labour Jewish MPs spoke out about anti-Semitism in the party during a debate in Parliament and warned "enough is enough".
Holocaust survivor Susan Pollack called for Mr Corbyn to show leadership in tackling anti-Semitism.
"He has to act and they have to show their leadership, and then I think that's the only way we will have respect," they told BBC Radio 4's Today.
Asked if Mr Corbyn had shown leadership on the issue, Mr Gwynne sidestepped the question, saying: "I think what we have now got to do - and we have got an issue in the Labour Party - we have got to acknowledge that that problem exists and, for some, that is a challenge.
"For me, the Labour Party was created to fight injustice, to fight against prejudice, to fight against hatred, and that we are where we are really hurts me, so we have got to act."
(Image: Daily Mirror)
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
They told Today that Labour had to "rebuild confidence in the Jewish community" adding: "I think it's my job as shadow communities secretary to try and rebuild some of that trust, and it's Jeremy's job as the leader of the Labour Party to try and rebuild some of that trust."
Mr Gwynne acknowledged that the party's disciplinary process had taken "far, far too long" in deciding cases such as former London mayor Ken Livingstone.
Jenny Manson, co-chair of the Corbyn-supporting Jewish Voice for Labour, said "none of us in my group have ever experienced any anti-Semitism in the Labour Party" and warned against a "witch hunt".
They said: "It is a misery and a tragedy that Margaret Hodge and other Labour MPs have received nasty anti-Semitic comments, I suspect most of these have been on social media and I suspect that no-one has actually worked hard to find out exactly who this nasty stuff is coming from."
The Board of Deputies, made up of almost 300 deputies directly elected by synagogues and community organisations, and the JLC, a charity supporting the Jewish community, took the unusual step of protesting outside Parliament in March before delivering an open letter to a meeting of Labour MPs and peers about their concerns.
The Labour leader has said they are "happy to meet" the two bodies "without any preconditions" and pledged to hear their concerns about tackling anti-Semitism in the Labour Party.
In a letter accepting their invitation, the organisations thanked Mr Corbyn for their commitment to addressing the "anguish" caused by anti-Semitic incidents.
However, they said recent events had not been "reassuring" for Jewish people in Britain and told them they must root anti-Semitism out of their party.
They later refused to attend a roundtable meeting Labour had proposed to hold on Wednesday with a wider group of Jewish organisations that reportedly included Jewish Voice for Labour, a recently-established group that has downplayed the issue.
The Labour leader has admitted the party needs to "do better" in the fight against abuse and has issued an apology for the "pain and hurt" caused by anti-Semitism.
© Reuters
The leader of Islamic State (IS, formerly ISIS/ISIL) is in talks with Al-Qaeda about a possible alliance, Iraq's Vice President Ayad Allawi said, citing information from Iraqi and other regional sources.Abu Bakr Baghdadi is the current leader of IS, while Ayman Zawahiri is the head of Al-Qaeda. Al-Qaeda disaffiliated with the previous incarnation of IS, Islamic State of Iraq, in February 2014, saying the group was no longer responsible for its actions. The two rival terrorist organizations have since been vying for recruits, funding and the laurels of global jihad.Although IS has been pushed out of the part of Mosul that lies east of the Tigris River, it still controls the towns of Qaim, Hawija and Tal Afar in Iraq, as well as its de facto capital in Syria, Raqqa."I can't see ISIS disappearing into thin air," Allawi said. "They will remain covertly in sleeping cells, spreading their venom all over the world."The initial operation to liberate Iraq's second-largest city began six months ago, on October 16.While coalition forces have been reporting on their military advances, civilian casualties have been piling up - both at the hands of terrorists and sometimes as a result of indiscriminate shelling by the US-led coalition. International human rights groups, along with the Russian Foreign Ministry, have repeatedly warned that the humanitarian plight in war-torn Mosul has "escalated to the limit." Iraq's president has described it as a "full-on catastrophe."In late February , the bodies of some 4,000 victims of IS were reportedly found buried in the Khasfa sinkhole, about 8km from Mosul, making it the country's largest mass grave."Daesh [Arabic acronym for IS] would drive the victims to Khasfa in convoys of minibuses, trucks and pickups. The men had their hands bound and their eyes blindfolded. They were taken to the sinkhole and shot in the back of the head," 40-year-old local villager Mahmoud told the Daily Telegraph at the time.IS made major gains in Syria and Iraq in 2014, when it declared a Caliphate and its fighters began looting banks, taking over oil fields and introducing taxes on the territories they took over. These became the group's main sources of income, but according to a recent study, all of them saw a "dramatic decline " in the course of the past two years, with local fighters starting to push back militants with air support from Russia and the international coalition.
Beverly Wood
Beverly Wood 82, of Mt. Pleasant passed away on Sunday, August 13, 2017, at the Great River Klein Center in West Burlington.
Beverly's family will receive friends on Tuesday from 5 to 6 p.m. at the Murphy Funeral Home in Mt. Pleasant.
Murphy Funeral Home of Mt. Pleasant are handling the arrangements.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Life might look tough inside the Big Brother house - being trapped inside 24 hours per day, no contact with the outside world, and only the most basic tasks to keep you occupied.
But over on Celebrity Big Brother , it is a whole other story - with stars being treated to spray tans, make-overs, and preferential treatment.
Claims of different special privileges and treatment surface every year.
So what are the latest insider secrets from the reality show?
Dozens of cameras in every room and behind every mirror capture every minute of every day - but just in the normal version apparently.
(Image: Channel 5)
(Image: Channel 5)
According to OK magazine, the celebrity version leave cameras out of the bathroom to that the celeb housemates can do their business in peace.
It's also a secret snogging escape - as used by Sarah Harding and Chad Johnson last series.
It's also said that production staff on the show use secret codes so they can discreetly discuss what's going on with the housemates without anyone overhearing.
A source told the Daily Star : "To avoid causing unnecessary panic the codes are used to keep discretion at all times.
"They use code Zebra when someone is determined to leave the house and are ranting in the Diary Room."
Last year, two-time CBB contestant (and one time civilian VIP guest) Nicola McLean revealed there are many perks to being a star inside the house.
The loud-mouthed 35-year-old glamour model blabbed all about CBB's biggest secrets in an interview.
(Image: Channel 5)
(Image: Rex Features)
Nicola appeared in CBB in 2012 and returned for the Stars v New Stars version at the start of this last year.
And they threw everyone under the bus in their interview - while also destroying the illusion that the celebs suffer while locked in the house.
“I've been told Katie Price got a blow-dry a few times a week, and Patsy Kensit got blow-dries and spray tans,” they told Heat Magazine.
"Spencer Pratt got special cotton sheets, and insisted on them and Heidi being served food before the rest of us, so that no one else touched it,” they explained.
(Image: Getty)
(Image: Rex)
And the special treatment didn't stop there - as they also explained that Chloe Ferry was allowed to completely leave the CBB house to go and film scenes of MTV reality show Geordie Shore.
“Chloe got to leave because she'd already committed to filming Geordie Shore,” Nicola said.
“I must admit, after a couple of glasses, a few of us were fuming because, regardless if you tell us you're not getting anything from the outside world, you are,” they grumbled.
(Image: Channel 5)
(Image: Rex Features)
Nicola also explained that the Celebrity Big Brother house had a plentiful supply of alcohol - but that the drinks on civilian Big Brother were less effective (saying that's why they were ‘boring' during their VIP appearance on the show earlier this summer).
They also revealed tasks are done late at night to prevent housemates going to bed early - and anyone caught napping in the day time would be yelled at by Big Brother over the intercom until they got up.
Mirror Online has contacted Channel 5 for comment.
* CBB airs nightly on Channel 5
Central Community College is pleased to announce the signing of Gabi Baack, a graduate of Kearney Catholic High School.
Baack played in 16 games for the Stars, averaging 3.6 points and 2.4 rebounds per game. They helped Kearney Catholic make to two consecutive C1 championship games. The Stars won the 2016 state title over Lincoln Christian, while the Crusaders triumphed over the Stars in the 2017 championship game. Baack's championship game experience is especially appealing to CCC head coach Billy Perkins.
“Gabi's experience of being part of a state championship team will help us develop the culture we want here at Central Community College,” said Perkins. “Gabi understands the importance of commitment and the work that it takes to reach championship status. That experience will help us develop that culture here.”
Baack will be a business management major at CCC.  They are the daughter of Ron and Theresa Baack.
Police have issued these images of a man they wish to speak with in connection with a burglary at a property in Horbury.
Wakefield District CID would like to speak with anyone who can identify the man or has any information about a burglary on Westfield Road on September 1.
The offence took place between 8.20am and 4.30pm after suspects broke in and stole items including a mobile phone and cash.
Detective Inspector Dave Watts of Wakefield District CID, said: “Enquiries have been ongoing into this offence and we would like to speak with the man pictured in connection with what took place.
“Anyone who can identify this man or who has information about the offence should contact Wakefield District CID on 101 referencing crime number 13170404063.”
A 92-year-old woman is charged with murder after deputies say they fatally shot their own son because they thought they wanted to move them to an assisted living facility.The Maricopa County Sheriff's Office says Anna Mae Blessing had lived with their 72-year-old son Thomas and their girlfriend at the girlfriend's condo for the last six months.Court records show they believed their son and their girlfriend were talking about putting them in the facility because they had become 'difficult to deal with.'According to detectives, Blessing hid two handguns in the pockets of their robe and confronted their son in their room Monday morning.She allegedly shot them twice, then pointed the gun at their girlfriend."They struggled over the handgun. They were able to dislodge the handgun out of their hands and Blessing was able to pull out a secondary handgun, and they struggled over that handgun as well," Maricopa County Sgt. Bryant Vanegas told KPHO The girlfriend called 911.When deputies arrived, Blessing was sitting in their recliner."This is definitely an odd one. You know, there are a lot of circumstances surrounding it of course, but it's definitely something you don't see every day, and it's very unfortunate that this took place," said Vanegas.Blessing appeared before a judge in a wheelchair.She has been charged with first degree murder, aggravated assault and kidnapping.
MONDAY, March 19, 2018 (HealthDay News) -- Young people treated for self-inflicted injuries face a far higher-than-average risk of suicide in the next year, a new study finds.
Among teenagers and young adults diagnosed with a "self-harm" injury, the risk of suicide in the next year was nearly 27 times higher than the U.S. norm, researchers found.
Certain young people were at particular risk -- including Native Americans, males and those who'd used especially violent means of self-harm, including guns.
It's been known that kids who self-harm can face a heightened risk of suicide. But health experts said the new findings help pinpoint some of the most vulnerable groups.
"When young people self-harm, it can be a sign of serious mental health distress," said lead researcher Dr. Mark Olfson. He's a professor of psychiatry at Columbia University Medical Center in New York City.
This study, they said, "helps us identify particularly high-risk groups who require close follow-up in the year following self-harm."
Olfson and their colleagues reported the findings online March 19 in the journal Pediatrics.
Statistics suggest that about 1 percent of people self-harm -- usually beginning in adolescence or early adulthood, according to the U.S. Department of Health.
This study defined "self-harm" as self-inflicted injuries that may or may not have had suicidal intent. The injuries ranged from cutting and burning to poisoning and gunshot wounds.
In the case of young people who used especially violent methods, there is a good chance the initial injury was a suicide attempt, according to Lori Evans.  They are a clinical assistant professor of child and adolescent psychiatry at NYU Langone Health in New York City.
"But it's not clear from the data," said Evans, who reviewed the study.
Regardless, the findings highlight an important point, according to Evans.
"When you see signs of self-harming behaviors in kids, you do want to act quickly to address it," they said.
"The younger we get kids, the better," Evans said. If they get help, they explained, it's possible to keep self-harming incidents from becoming a "pattern of behavior."
The study findings are based on records from the Medicaid program, which provides health insurance for lower-income Americans.
Olfson's team focused on nearly 32,400 teens and young adults, aged 12 to 24, who'd been diagnosed with a self-inflicted injury. Half were treated in an emergency room. The rest were either hospitalized or had outpatient care.
Overall, 48 of those young people died by suicide in the following year. That rate is almost 27 times higher than the norm for Americans in their demographic, according to the researchers.
Those who'd harmed themselves with a firearm were at particular risk: Compared with young people who'd self-harmed through such means as cutting, they were 36 times more likely to kill themselves.
That, according to Olfson, underscores how important it is to keep guns away from those kids. It can be "lifesaving," they said.
Researchers also found that the risk of suicide was lowest among black and Hispanic young people, and highest among Native Americans. Their risk was over five times that of their white counterparts.
It's not clear why, according to Olfson's team, but other research has found that Native Americans have a higher risk of suicide in general.
Evans speculated that access to mental health care -- or health care, in general -- could be one issue.
Olfson said the specific treatment for self-harming depends on how severe the problem is, and whether there's an underlying mental health issue, such as depression, substance abuse or an anxiety disorder.
Some kids, they explained, harm themselves as a way to cope with overwhelming emotions -- sometimes in response to situations like being bullied.
Therapies, such as dialectical behavioral therapy, can teach those kids positive coping skills, Evans said. This type of treatment helps patients manage painful emotions and decrease conflict in relationships.
Having the family involved is critical, they noted. One reason is that parents need to learn whether things they do or say unwittingly "trigger" their child's behavior, they said.
In some cases, Olfson noted, families are reluctant to agree to therapy because of the continuing "stigma" attached to mental health issues.
Evans agreed that can be a barrier. "But families should know there are good, effective therapies out there," they said.
More information
The National Alliance on Mental Illness has more on self-harm.
SOURCES: Mark Olfson, M.D., MPH, professor, psychiatry, Columbia University Medical Center, New York City; Lori Evans, Ph.D., clinical assistant professor, child and adolescent psychiatry, NYU Langone Health, New York City; March 19, 2018, Pediatrics, online Copyright © 2018 HealthDay. All rights reserved.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Literacy education in the Pilbara is set to receive a boost with an announcement last week that all Pilbara schools will soon have teachers accredited to deliver training in a specialised program that uses spoken activities to teach reading and writing, in a world-first education initiative.
In partnership with the Dyslexia SPELD Foundation, the Talk for Writing program — which was previously piloted by about 15 schools in the region to good results — will be rolled out in all Pilbara public schools and several independent schools over the next few years, and a teacher at each institution will be trained as a specialist in the program.
The initiative will be funded as part of the State Government's $4.6 million Pilbara Partnerships for Student Success education package, announced in January.
Speaking at a Pilbara principals' conference via video link on Thursday, Dyslexia SPELD Foundation executive officer Mandy Nayton said the “lead teacher” model would build on the progress some schools had already made through the program by extending teachers' capacity to continue delivering the program.
“(Lead teachers) will be able to do on-site training in the Pilbara, so it will be restricted to the region ... and they will be able to train up staff who are coming into the school,” they said.
“The end result will be that there will be much greater efficiency and capacity within the schools themselves to maintain and build the Talk for Writing programs.”
Also part of the announcement was that Talk for Writing founder Pie Corbett will deliver a conference about the program in the Pilbara next year.
Education Department Pilbara regional executive director Neil Darby said staff had approached the Government about extending Talk for Writing in the region after seeing improvements in the literacy of students that were part of the earlier trial.
“We saw an improvement in NAPLAN data when compared to the previous five years, and we saw a positive trajectory in those schools that had trialled it and then implemented it well,” they said.
“So the trialling moved beyond just trialling, and actually these schools have gone ahead and used it because they have said this works.”
“Since then we've met with every principal and deputy in this region and spoken to parent groups and in some cases school boards and shared the data with them and got their thoughts and feedback, and that's what drove a lot of this submission to government.”
Peg's Creek Primary teacher Janet Gethin, who has researched and taught Talk for Writing, said the program had improved students' writing quality, confidence and motivation in their classroom.
They said the program worked because it matched the way children's communication naturally progressed.
“I think the reason why the Talk for Writing program is so important is because we talk something before we read it and we read it before writing it, so when it comes to building skill levels, writing comes right at the end,” they said.
“If we can say a story that's the first stage... but before we can tell a story orally, it's really hard to write it.”
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The One Show is looking for driving couples to get behind the wheel for a feature on the show.
The filming is taking place at Gloucester Services on Tuesday, February 6 and you'll get to drive in the latest BMW and Tesla cars.
Unfortunately, the applications are only open to University of Gloucestershire students with full driving licenses.
The filming will take a few hours on Tuesday afternoon and involves testing out new car technology.
The new gadgets mean drivers can park their cars remotely from their smart phone.
The advert on the University of Gloucestershire student union website says: "We are currently looking for a student couple, who both have full driving licenses, to take part in one of our short films.
"The film is about a new law which is coming into play which allows for drivers to use their smartphones to park their cars and we would like some people to come and test out the new tech.
"We will have the latest BMW and Tesla showing off the tech, with our presenter Dom Littlewood."
Pound shop set to close in Cheltenham with a HUGE closing down sale
Travel will be paid for and you'll be the envy of your mates when you appear on primetime telly.
Call Zain on 07990770714 if you are interested.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Oh, the joy of three! The Three Musketeers, The Three Degrees, the Holy Trinity, Neapolitan ice cream... the best things always come in threes. As Kate and William are now to discover.
And congratulations to them, and George and Charlotte as they welcome home baby brother.
I too have three in the boy/girl/boy sequence so I may have some insight into the pleasure (and pain) ahead for the royal couple.
A friend once said anyone with more children than hands was suspect. She's probably right.
But if you love the noise and chaos it is very tempting after two to go for "just one more". It's like "one for the road": rarely a good idea, always hard to resist.
And, as parenting goes, the leap from two to three is possibly the easiest of them all. You're way past first-time neuroticism and realise that as long as the baby is loved, fed and has the occasional nappy change they or they will be fine.
The jolt is far less severe than the earthquake of the first arrival or the seismic second child.
As my husband puts it: "If life as you knew it is already wrecked, how much worse can it get?"
Third children realise, before the umbilical cord is cut, it is their role to fit in.
Number One's start in life is 24-hour attention and all items within 100 yards fully sterilised. For Number Three the most stimulation is watching the buggy straps being fastened, belted up to follow the other two around. A quick lick of the dummy does the job of sterilisation and crying has become ambient sound to shattered Mum.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
And yet, for all that, the fascinating thing is how well-balanced Number Threes turn out. (Prince Andrew is an exception to most rules).
They develop brilliant "not making a fuss" life skills in their earliest years. And they tend to be emotionally and physically mature from keeping up with the older kids' rough and tumble.
Yet most Number Threes do a great job of hiding that maturity to play their everlasting role of "the baby". Most never give it up and it drives my older two wild.
(Image: AFP)
And it's important to note, Number Threes are naughty (back to Prince Andrew) but "cheeky naughty" not "nasty naughty". The kind you can raise an eyebrow to, though if it had been Number One, you'd have raised the roof.
Esther Rantzen said a parent is only as happy as their least happy child. So with three come three sets of worries. But I adopt the Meat Loaf approach to concerns over school reports, mood swings and illnesses - "Two out of three ain't bad."
A great thing about being one of three is there's always someone to play with. Even better, there's always someone to fight with.
I asked my own Number Three what they thought life would be like for the new royal.
"It'll be good," they said, looking over their shoulder to check their sister was out of earshot. "He'll get away with LOADS."
And they flashed me that grin which ensures they get away with loads.
So I imagine little will dent the charmed existence of Kate and William's Number Three.
Unless, of course, they go for Number Four.
TULSA, Okla. (AP) - A Delta Air Lines flight from Portland, Oregon, to Atlanta was diverted to Tulsa, Oklahoma, Wednesday because of an onboard disturbance involving a passenger.
Tulsa International Airport spokesperson Alexis Higgins said Delta flight 1156 landed about 11:30 a.m. and that the passenger was removed to be questioned by the FBI.
Higgins said they did not know the nature of the disturbance and a Delta spokesperson did not immediately return a phone call seeking comment.
FBI spokesperson Andrea Anderson in Oklahoma City confirmed the agency is investigating but referred questions to the U.S. Attorney's office in Tulsa. A phone call seeking comment was not immediately returned.
In a statement, Delta said the flight was diverted because of an "unruly passenger" but that it landed without incident. The airline apologized to other passengers were inconvenienced because of the delay.
Higgins said the aircraft refueled and resumed the flight to Atlanta about 1:35 p.m.
BERLIN — Bayern Munich has coaxed Jupp Heynckes out of retirement to coach the team for the fourth time.
Bayern says the 72-year-old Heynckes, who led Bayern to a Champions League, Bundesliga and German Cup treble before retiring in 2013, will take over until the end of the season.
Previous coach Carlo Ancelotti was fired after 14 months in charge on Sept. 28 following Bayern's 3-0 loss to Paris Saint-Germain in the Champions League.
Despite winning the Bundesliga in their first season, Ancelotti was on shaky ground after a poor start to the league this season. Bayern is already five points behind leader Borussia Dortmund after seven matches.
One of the mischievous things I did in Washington last Friday was to hijack Mona Charen and Jay Nordlinger's “Need to Know” podcast, also hosted by our friends at Ricochet. Long story, but we decided that if the Marvel Cinematic Universe can combine Iron Man and Batman, why can't the Ricochet Podcast Universe do the same thing? So I took over their mic to talk with Mona Charen about how to come to grips with the divisions on the right that Trump has caused, but much more importantly, preview Mona's forthcoming book, Sex Matters: How Modern Feminism Lost Touch with Science, Love, and Common Sense. (Sounds like an easy book to market, no? Pre-order now—put in on your list right after Ryan Anderson's When Harry Became Sally.)
Mona and Jay are of course Never Trumpers and quite hostile to him, while I am trying to hold all my friends together on all sides, and support Trump's actions when I can (which has been, to my pleasant surprise, a lot of the time). But above all I worry about the future of the conservative movement under the strains, and am not ready to give up on it, unlike some of my other wonderful friends over at (cough, cough) A——- G——–.
Anyway, here's the link to the show—enjoy!
Earlier this week, former HHS Secretary Kathleen Sebelius testified in the corruption trial of former Senator Robert Menendez. According to Sebelius, they were pulled into an “unusual” meeting regarding an $8.9 million billing dispute between Menendez's friend and benefactor, Dr. Salomon Melgen, and Medicare. The meeting occurred in the office of Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid, with Reid present.
Though Dr. Melgen's name apparently wasn't mentioned during the meeting, Menendez tried to persuade Sebelius to change the applicable billing policy. Melgen apparently was the only provider demanding a change in this policy and involved in a payment dispute over it. Moreover, Sebelius knew they were a crony of Menendez. That's why, according to their testimony, they avoided Menendez. Thus, Sebelius understood what the New Jersey Senator wanted, and why.
Sebelius testified that this sort of dispute was not the kind of thing they became involved in. Sebelius knew that Menendez wanted such a meeting, but they had avoided granting them one. According to their testimony, Sebelius' staff had advised them to ignore Menendez's calls and to let lower-level staff rebuff their requests for a meeting.
Why, then, did the meeting occur? Sebelius testified that they granted it on the request of Harry Reid.
According to Sebelius, Reid's request was unprecedented. They testified:
It was unusual for Senator Reid to ask me to come to a meeting involving another member of Congress. I think this was the only time in five and a half years that that occurred.
Why did Reid push Sebelius to meet with Menendez? Was it just a courtesy to their fellow Senator?
Conceivably. But remember, this was the only such request Reid made to Sebelius in five and a half years. It's unlikely that Menendez was the only Senator who wanted to meet with them during this period.
Ed Morrissey offers a better explanation. Dr. Melgen, on whose behalf Menendez wanted to meet with the HHS Secretary, was a major donor not just to the New Jersey Senator, but to other Senate Democrats as well:
Menendez wasn't Melgen's only target for donations, even in the US Senate; they poured money into the coffers for Bill Nelson (FL), Amy Klobuchar (MN), Tom Harkin, and the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee — $30,400 in 2009. Even Kendrick Meek got a taste in Florida's 2010 special election that resulted in Marco Rubio's election. Reid certainly knew where that money originated. . . .
The prosecution reportedly has decided not to call Reid as a witness, presumably because it fears they will find a way to help their old crony. It will rely on Sebelius' account of the meeting in question.
It's not clear whether the defense will call Reid. If it does, both sets of lawyers will probably be on pins and needles, just as the ex-Majority Leader's staff used to be when this loose cannon spoke on the Senate floor.
BOSTON (WTNH) — The weather certainly isn't too great, but you can tell that marathon season is coming to Boston.
About 500 banners are going up around the city, marking the beginning of the four weeks leading up to the Boston Marathon.
Related Content: Hartford Police step up security for marathon
30,000 runners are expected in this year's race on April 15.
This year marks five years since the Boston Marathon bombing.
Related Content: Man with prosthetic leg carries guide across finish line at Boston Marathon
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Premier League winner Robin van Persie has hinted he's close to retiring, admitting they have to be 'honest' with himself.
The 34-year-old won the title with Manchester United and is now enjoying what appears to be a swansong with first club Feyenoord.
They returned to the Dutch club in January after leaving Fenerbache where he'd played since leaving Old Trafford back in 2015.
Van Persie rolled back the years on Sunday, netting their side's second goal in the 3-0 Dutch Cup final win over AZ Alkmaar, but admitted he's thinking about their future.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
"There will come a moment where I have to be honest with myself -- like now," Van Persie told Dutch broadcaster NOS .
"Today with the final, it turned out to be great for everyone, myself included, and I am very happy with that.
"But people don't see the other side, which is that for the last three weeks, I have been going to bed at 10 p.m. every evening and that I eat the right things at the right time.
(Image: AFP)
"There is a lot that comes with being able to deliver today and sometimes that is a struggle. Sometimes the recovery takes a little longer than I want."
With the fact they claim that Feyenoord would like them to return next season, the 103 capped former Dutch international says they will do all they can to keep going until 'he's 40'.
(Image: Manchester United)
"I also really want it, but you have to be honest and people don't see that other side," Van Persie added.
"And sometimes it really is a struggle and I get tired of it myself, to be honest.
"I am working with the guys. I want to help them ... [and] I would like to play until I am 40. I am really happy the last [few months] and we will see what the future holds. Time will tell."
INTERNATIONAL - Zimbabwe has changed its empowerment law to limit majority ownership by state entities to only diamond and platinum mines and not the entire mining sector as in previous legislation, according to a government notice.
The Indigenisation and Economic Empowerment Act introduced during the rule of former president Robert Mugabe was designed to increase black Zimbabweans' stake in the sector but were open to abuse.
Foreign investor confidence dipped as a result, prompting a promise by new President Emmerson Mnangagwa to change the rules.
Finance Minister Patrick Chinamasa first announced the proposed changes to scale back the mine ownership in the 2018 budget statement in December.
The amendments were included in the Finance Act, which covers the 2018 budget and were signed into law by Mnangagwa on March 14, a government notice seen by Reuters on Monday showed.
Only state-owned mining entities will hold majority shares in diamond and platinum companies. However, existing businesses do not need to immediately comply with the law as they can negotiate a timeline of compliance with the authorities.
Foreign investors are allowed to have full control in any other mining venture, the notice said.
Mnangagwa has said at various forums that “Zimbabwe is open for business” as they seek to revive an economy that was ruined under Mugabe's near four-decade rule.
Zimbabwe has the second largest known platinum deposits after South Africa and the two largest producers Anglo American Platinum and Impala Platinum Holdings have operations in the country.
The amendments also open up 12 sectors previously reserved for locals such as bakeries, transport and beauty salons to Zimbabweans of all races instead of black Zimbabweans.
Serie A club Fiorentina announced that their training ground will be renamed in tribute to former captain Davide Astori, who died aged 31 earlier this month.
The Italian international died suddenly in their hotel room before a match at Udinese on March 4.
The team`s training ground will be renamed the `Centro Sportivo Davide Astori`.
"We`ve made this decision because that was their home," said Fiorentina president Mario Cognini.
"He went there every day for training and used to spend time there with their family too. We believe that honouring them in this way is the right thing to do."
Astori`s number 13 shirt was retired by the club, where they had played for three years.
The centre-back came through the youth system at AC Milan before spending eight years at Cagliari, while they also had a loan spell at Roma.
© GUARD Archaeology
A gold-decorated bronze spearhead has been heralded as a discovery of international significance by the archaeological team that unearthed it at Carnoustie. The weapon was part of a hoard uncovered at Balmachie last year during an archaeological evaluation in advance of Angus Council's development of two grass football pitches.GUARD Archaeology's project officer Alan Hunter Blair summed up the excitement of their team. They said:Gold decoration was probably added to this bronze spearhead to exalt it both through the material's rarity and its visual impact.The spearhead was found alongside a bronze sword, pin and scabbard fittings in a pit close to a Late Bronze Age settlement that was excavated by GUARD Archaeology on behalf of Angus Council. This hoard of metalwork is a major addition to Scottish Late Bronze Age archaeology. Each individual object is significant, but the presence of gold ornament on the spearhead makes this an exceptional group. Within Britain and Ireland, only a handful of such spearheads are known - among them a weapon hoard found in 1963 at Pyotdykes Farm to the west of Dundee. These two weapon hoards from Angus - found only a few kilometres apart - hint at the wealth of the local warrior society during the centuries around 1000-800 BC.The Carnoustie discovery is elevated to international significance by the extremely rare survival of organic remains - a leather and wooden scabbard (probably the best preserved Late Bronze Age sword scabbard ever found in Britain), fur skin around the spearhead, and textile around the pin and scabbard. Such organic remains rarely survive on dryland sites.Furthermore, the hoard is not an isolated find, but was buried within a Late Bronze Age settlement.Once the excavation is complete, it will be possible to study the archaeological context of the hoard and reveal new insights into the local Bronze Age community that buried it. Not least, the longevity of settlement at Carnoustie. The excavation also revealed the largest Neolithic hall so far found in Scotland - a building dating to around 4000 BC that may have been as old to the people who buried the weapon hoard, as those people are to us.Angus Council communities convener Donald Morrison said: "It is clear that Carnoustie was as much a hive of activity in Neolithic times as it is now. The discoveries made on land destined for sporting development have given us a fascinating insight into our Angus forebears and I look forward to learning more about our local prehistory." Vice convener Jeanette Gaul said: "To make such a find while preparing to create sports facilities for Carnoustie came as a huge surprise to us all. We've since learned it is of national and, indeed, international importance. But I am pleased that the archaeologists have involved local young people in the excavation project and are offering us all an insight into Angus' distant past."Alan Hunter Blair said: "The hoard of artefacts, which are around three thousand years old, is the find of a lifetime. It is very unusual to recover such artefacts in a modern archaeological excavation, which can reveal so much about the context of its burial. "Owing to the fragile nature of these remains when we first discovered them, our team removed the entire pit, and the surrounding subsoil which it was cut into, as a single 80 kg block of soil. This was then delivered to our Finds Lab where it was assessed by a specialist Finds Conservator to plan how it could be carefully excavated and the artefacts conserved."Beth Spence, the GUARD project officer who undertook the laboratory excavation of the hoard, added: "Organic evidence like Bronze Age wooden scabbards rarely survive, so this just underlines how extraordinary these finds are." Claire Herbert of Aberdeenshire Council Archaeology Services, archaeological advisers to Angus Council, said: "The archaeology uncovered at Carnoustie is undoubtedly of national and international significance and will certainly further enhance our knowledge of the prehistory of this area, providing an invaluable opportunity to learn more about how people in Angus lived in the Neolithic and Bronze Age."
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
This touching video documents a baby boy's incredible fight for survival after they were born premature at 25 weeks.
Miracle tot Jenson Mirfin weighed the same as a load of bread when they were born and doctors feared they wouldn't survive.
But now the 17-month-old has made an amazing recovery and is walking and talking like any other toddler.
Doctors told little Jenson's parents there was every chance their little warrior would not survive when they were born at just 25 weeks and, even if they did, they would probably end up in a wheelchair.
(Image: hulldailymail WS)
(Image: hulldailymail WS)
But despite arriving so early and suffering a bleed on the brain, battler Jenson has started walking and talking just like any other healthy little boy, the Hull Daily Mail reports .
In this touching video their proud parents show their remarkable journey over the past year - from their first cry to their first cuddle.
Mum Millie Mirfin was very ill when they gave birth to Jenson and doctors said they were the priority.
But when the found the tiny baby breathing, staff at the Hull Women's and Children's NICU rallied round to save him.
“From 19 weeks I started having problems and by 25 weeks I was in labour,” Millie, 25, said. “It got worse as I became very ill and they thought it might be sepsis .
"They had to induce me into labour.
“I was too ill to have a caesarean and they told me I was the priority. They said there was probably nothing they could do and would only attend to the baby if it showed signs of breathing.
“He was due on June 14 last year but they were born on March 4. I thought I was going to miscarry but thankfully Jenson was breathing.
“I was too ill to remember much about what happened then but the Hull NICU were absolutely brilliant. We never thought in a million years Jenson would survive but you always have hope.
“Jenson only weighed one pound four ounces which is the weight of a loaf of bread. They could fit into my hand they were that small.”
But even when it became clear Jenson was going to survive, it was not known what quality of life they might have.
“Doctors told us Jenson had suffered a bleed on the brain,” Millie said. “And they weren't sure what effect it had on him.
(Image: hulldailymail WS)
"They said it would probably affect their movement and they could end up in a wheelchair.
“But they have come on leaps and bounds and it looks like there is nothing wrong with them in the slightest. In the last couple of weeks they have just started walking and talking.
“But there are always things in the back of your mind. The only thing we are still concerned about is their eyes. But if they have to where glasses then so be it.
“We have learned not to stress too much about things now. So many times we have been told they are not going to make it. We have seen them stop breathing on a number of occasions.
Jenson has continued to surprise their parents, who recently moved to Australia from west Hull, and medical staff.
To make sure not one moment was missed, Millie has created this moving video charting their son's remarkable battle.
“We have never experienced anything like this before and we thought our lives had changed forever,” Millie said.
(Image: hulldailymail WS)
“But looking at Jenson now, it is unbelievable.
“One doctor who didn't know what Jenson had gone through was examining them a while ago.
“When they were told Jenson had suffered a bleed on the brain they were very surprised and said we were very lucky. That really brought it all home to us.
“Seeing Jenson now makes us feel very proud, proud of what they have overcome. They really are such a fighter.
“He has become a little person now and their own personality is shining through.
“I never thought we would get to this point. It is very emotional but we are so proud of Jenson."
After a trip to Thailand a couple of years ago, Millie and Dave decided they wanted to move abroad.
That looked very unlikely when Jenson was born but now they have been able to realise their dream and moved Down Under earlier this year.
(Image: hulldailymail WS)
“Dave has relatives over here and after travelling we felt it is something we really wanted to do,” Millie said.
“When Jenson was born we didn't think it was going to be possible but they have come on so well.
“Dave is an electrician so we were able to get residency OK. Jenson isn't under any medical supervision now but the health care system here is brilliant.
“Dave also has another daughter Mollie, who is 13-years-old.  They are still in Hull living with their mum but they have been a fantastic sister to Jenson.”
Millie feels a huge sense of gratitude towards the Hull NICU and set up a Just Giving page last year, managing to raise £300.
They said: “I didn't organise any fundraising events but I asked for donations on my Facebook page.
“The NICU is always in need of funds and they have been so unbelievable. Both the nurses and doctors went that extra mile for us and many of them became friends.
“I just wanted to do my little bit to show my appreciation. That is one of the reasons I made the video as well as a celebration of Jenson's progress.
“I showed my husband the video.  They are not much of a crier but it brought them to tears.
“I also wanted to do it to give other parents in a similar situation some hope.”
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Spurs' teenage goal machine Reo Griffiths is a target for RB Leipzig.
The exciting 17-year-old scoring four goals and provided three assists as Tottenham demolished Arsenal 9-0 in the U18 Premier League on Tuesday.
The magnificent performance enhanced the already-towering reputation surrounding the youngster who has netted an impressive 33 goals for the club in domestic competitions this season.
Before this week's display Griffiths had bagged seven braces and two hat-tricks across all competitions this season.
(Image: Tottenham Hotspur)
(Image: Internet Unknown)
Spurs are trying to hold on to them but they have it is understood they have yet to commit their long-term future to the club and could walk away this summer.
RB Leipzig are among a string of clubs interested with Tottenham's former head of recruitment Paul Mitchell in a similar role with the Bundesliga club.
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Walter Mazzarri is fighting to save their job with injury-ravaged Watford in free-fall and the fans turning on him.
Although the Italian head coach lamented their crippling list of unavailable players after the 4-1 home defeat by Tottenham, the floodwaters are rising fast.
The Hornets' pathetic defending on New Year's Day had little to do with injuries and more to do with slapdash standards – and the top brass at Vicarage Road were not impressed.
Mazzarri came out swinging afterwards, insisting they do not fear the sack and claiming: “The president (Gino Pozzo) and I have spoken and the first objective was to avoid relegation.
“If you look at the table, we are doing even better than this. We could have been where Crystal Palace are, but we aren't.”
(Photo: Getty)
Mazzarri's bluster has only finite support in the boardroom.
Watford's budget is based on finishing 17th, one place above the drop zone, but with £1.9million per place at stake in Premier League prize money, they are expected to do better.
When they became the club's eighth manager in four years last summer, former Inter Milan and Napoli coach Mazzarri was handed a three-year contract and brought nine backroom staff with him.
But after taking just four points from a possible 21, Tuesday night's trip to Stoke marks the start of a pivotal month in which four of the Hornets' next five games are against teams also in the bottom half.
Even allowing for the absence of nine first-team players through injury or Africa Cup of Nations duty, they dare not lose their next two home games against Middlesbrough and Burnley.
Pozzo wants to know why Watford's catalogue of injury woes runs so deep when they had the best fitness record in the Premier League under Quique Sanchez Flores last season.
(Photo: Getty)
Since widely-respected head of medical Richard Collinge left the club in September, the Hornets' treatment room has been busier than a war-zone's field hospital.
Winger Nordin Amrabat is the latest casualty, limping off against Spurs, and a growing section of fans who were prepared to cut Mazzarri some slack over their refusal to speak in English are now scathing of him.
Although they are courteous in their dealings with the media, Mazzarri will need to turn on the charm in the Potteries – after Stoke's 1-0 win at Vicarage Road in November, they bolted down the tunnel without shaking hands with opposite number Mark Hughes.
They later visited the away dressing room to complete the formalities as an afterthought.
April 24, 2018--(BRONX, NY)--Ever wonder why intense exercise temporarily curbs your appetite? In research described in today's issue of PLOS Biology, Albert Einstein College of Medicine researchers reveal that the answer is all in your head--more specifically, your arcuate nucleus.
Senior author Young-Hwan Jo, Ph.D., associate professor of medicine and of molecular pharmacology at Einstein, runs on a track near their house three times a week for 30 to 45 minutes at a time. Like many exercisers, they noticed two things about intense workouts: they raised their body temperature and reduced their appetite for several hours afterward.
"I'm a neuroscientist who studies the hypothalamus--the portion of the brain that plays the central role in regulating metabolism and weight," they say. "I wondered if certain hypothalamic neurons sense temperature increases and respond to exercise-induced warming by releasing a 'stop eating!' message."
Anyone who's suffered a burn or eaten a jalapeño pepper knows that sensory neurons with "heat-detecting" receptors (called TRPV1 receptors) abound in the body. Those neurons react to physical heat and to capsaicin, the active ingredient in jalapeños and many other spicy foods. Could brain neurons possess similar receptors?
Dr. Jo focused on appetite-suppressing proopiomelanocortin (POMC) neurons in the arcuate nucleus (ARC) of the hypothalamus. Some of those neurons are not shielded by the blood-brain barrier, so they're able to directly detect and respond to hormones and nutrients in the blood. They wondered whether those neurons sense changes in body temperature as well.
To sense and respond to heat, ARC POMC neurons would need receptors similar to the capsaicin- and heat-sensitive TRPV1 receptors found elsewhere in the body. Dr. Jo and colleagues took mouse hypothalamus tissue containing POMC neurons and exposed the tissue to capsaicin or to heat, to see if such receptors were present.
Sure enough, both capsaicin and heat caused POMC neurons to fire by activating their receptors. About two-thirds of the ARC's POMC neurons possessed such receptors. Next came experiments exploring the role of POMC neurons and their TRPV1 receptors in reducing appetite and curbing food intake. Dr. Jo and colleagues found that:
Infusing capsaicin into the ARC of mice reduced the amount of food they ate over the next 12 hours. Researchers could prevent this appetite suppression by first blocking the POMC neurons' TRPV1-like receptors or silencing the gene that codes for those receptors.
When mice were put on treadmills for 40 minutes, their body and ARC temperatures rapidly increased, plateauing after 20 minutes and remaining at that elevated level for more than an hour. After the workout, the mice reduced their food intake by about 50 percent compared with non-exercising mice.
Bouts of treadmill exercise did not affect the food intake of mice whose ARC POMC neurons lacked TRPV1 receptors.
"Our study provides evidence that body temperature can act as a biological signal that regulates feeding behavior, just like hormones and nutrients do," says Dr. Jo. They also note that their findings could lead to new approaches for suppressing appetite or helping people lose weight.
###
The PLOS Biology paper is titled "Activation of temperature-sensitive TRPV1-like receptors in ARC POMC neurons reduces food intake." The other authors, all from Einstein, were Jae Hoon Jeong, Ph.D., Dong Kun Lee, Ph.D., Shun-Mei Liu, M.D., Streamson Chua, M.D., Ph.D., and Gary Schwartz, Ph.D.
About Albert Einstein College of Medicine
Albert Einstein College of Medicine, part of Montefiore, is one of the nation's premier centers for research, medical education and clinical investigation. During the 2017-2018 academic year, Einstein is home to 697 M.D. students, 181 Ph.D. students, 108 students in the combined M.D./Ph.D. program, and 265 postdoctoral research fellows postdoctoral research fellows. The College of Medicine has more than 1,900 full-time faculty members located on the main campus and at its clinical affiliates. In 2017, Einstein received more than $174 million in awards from the National Institutes of Health (NIH). This includes the funding of major research centers at Einstein in aging, intellectual development disorders, diabetes, cancer, clinical and translational research, liver disease, and AIDS. Other areas where the College of Medicine is concentrating its efforts include developmental brain research, neuroscience, cardiac disease, and initiatives to reduce and eliminate ethnic and racial health disparities. Its partnership with Montefiore, the University Hospital and academic medical center for Einstein, advances clinical and translational research to accelerate the pace at which new discoveries become the treatments and therapies that benefit patients. Einstein runs one of the largest residency and fellowship training programs in the medical and dental professions in the United States through Montefiore and an affiliation network involving hospitals and medical centers in the Bronx, Brooklyn and on Long Island. For more information, please visit www.einstein.yu.edu, read our blog, follow us on Twitter, like us on Facebook and view us on YouTube.
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
David de Gea has admitted Manchester United must be more consistent if they are to challenge for the title next season.
De Gea has enjoyed another impressive season with United, keeping 17 clean sheets in Premier League to stand on the brink of winning the Golden Glove for the first time.
But the United goalkeeper acknowledged Jose Mourinho's side were too inconsistent this season to get anywhere near champions Manchester City and must ensure they address that next term.
Although United has beaten City, Liverpool, Tottenham and Chelsea this season, dropped points against Stoke, Huddersfield, Leicester, Burnley, Southampton, Newcastle and West Brom ultimately undermined their title challenge.
(Image: REUTERS)
De Gea believes United have in Mourinho the right man to lead them back to the top, but conceded the players must produce on a more consistent basis if they are to have any hope of toppling City next season.
“We've got a great manager,” said De Gea. “He's very experienced, he's won everything there is to win in the game.
“What he's really good at is transmitting their winning mentality to the group.
“However, at the end of the day, it's down to ourselves – the players on the field.
“It's us who make the saves, create the chances and score the goals.
“So, as a group, we've got to get that level of consistency and quality throughout the season.”
(Image: Shaun Botterill)
With four games to go, De Gea's nearest challenger for the Golden Glove award is City's Ederson, who has kept 15 clean sheets in the league this season.
De Gea has maintained their high standard between the posts for United and is aiming to end the season on a high, by securing second place in the league and winning the FA Cup, before heading to Russia for the World Cup with Spain.
“I'm pretty pleased with my performance,” said De Gea. “It's been a fairly complete, all round set of performances from me.
“I've felt good, felt fit and in good form physically throughout the season.
(Image: PA)
“Let's hope that these last few games to go before the end of the season continue the form, then leading into the World Cup, which is an important time for Spain.”
Former United skipper Gary Neville believes their old club cannot view this season as a great one, but claimed the progression from last year, when they finished sixth, means they can look back on the campaign with satisfaction they are moving forward.
"For United, is it a great season? No," said Neville. "But it's a good season because the momentum is still going as they have the opportunity to win the FA Cup and finish second, which would be progression.
"The importance of getting another medal round the necks of the players should not be underestimated in terms of keeping building and challenging City next season."
WASHINGTON (AP) - President Donald Trump says Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin (mih-NOO'-shin) will soon travel to China for talks as the two global economic powers deal with trade tensions.
Trump says during a White House news conference with French President Emmanuel Macron that Mnuchin will be going to China "in a few days to negotiate on trade." Trump says the U.S. and China are "very serious" and is reiterating plans to impose tariffs up to $100 billion more on Chinese goods.
Trump says the U.S. "will continue unless we make a trade deal." But they add, "I think we've got a very good chance of making a deal."
Mnuchin has expressed optimism that the countries could avoid a trade war. They met last week with financial officials from China, Japan and Europe.
HARTFORD, Conn. (WTNH) — Governor Dannel Malloy is proposing to jack up pistol permit fees in our state by 400 percent. They say it'll help shrink the massive state budget deficit.
Gun owner Bill Bechter is angry at the governor's new plan to increase permit fees 400 percent from $75 to $300. A Connecticut Citizens Defense League meeting in Middletown was packed on Valentine's Day and there wasn't much love in the room for the governor.
Related Content: Gun owners start push back against Malloy pistol fee hike
Elizabeth Drysdale drove from Waterbury to attend the meeting.
“I'm a single mom in Waterbury, Connecticut, which is a pretty crime ridden urban area and so this is going to hit me pretty hard; the proposed increase in fees,” said Drysdale.
They say she's a minivan driving soccer mom who was at Tuesday's Citizens Defense League meeting because they have two daughters. They want to protect them, and has a permit. It's legal, it's their constitutional right, and they plan to fight not only for her, but their family.
“It's also going to hit my parents, my dad is a Vietnam era veteran and my mom and them are both retired on a fixed income and this is going to hit them equally hard it's going to be a double whammy for them,” said Drysdale.
While there were a couple hundred people at the CCDL meeting in Middletown, up at the capital there was a hearing Tuesday afternoon and there wasn't as large of a turnout. They say that's because there was such short notice it wasn't put out ahead of time. Scott Wilson, the president of the CCS says this is another example of this back door gun control.
“It's no secret that Governor Malloy has never been a friend of gun owners in the State of Connecticut since they have been the governor, and we think that if they can increase the fees to eliminate some gun owners in the future by not being able to afford the permit fees, the governor would consider that a win,” said Wilson.
The CCDL plans a news conference on Friday.
To celebrate the debut of HD cricket, Sky is to offer some unique Sky+HD boxes with hand-painted cricket-themed designs from cricketer-turned-artist Jack Russell.
Five fully-working receivers have been given Ashes makeovers with Russell's oil paintings depicting recent memorable moments in cricket history.
Due to be auctioned to the public, the proceeds will go to the English Schools' Cricket Association through the Bunbury Cricket Club, and the Sky-backed charity Youth Sport Trust.
"I've been asked to paint a fair few quirky objects in my artistic career, but the Sky+HD box is a first!" says Jack Russell.
"I'm really pleased with how the 'mini masterpieces' turned out and hope they raise a lot of money for charity".
In this report, the global Rechargeable Electric Toothbrush market is valued at USD XX a million in 2016 and is expected to reach USD XX a million by the end of 2022, growing at a CAGR of XX% between 2016 and 2022.
View Full Report with TOC @ http://www.acutemarketreports.com/report/rechargeable-electric-toothbrush-market
Geographically, this report is segmented into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), market share and growth rate of Rechargeable Electric Toothbrush in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering
North America
Europe
Global Rechargeable Electric Toothbrush market competition by top manufacturers, with production, price, revenue (value) and market share for each manufacturer; the top players including
Philips Sonicare
Oral-B (P & G)
Panasonic
Colgate
On the basis of product, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into
Inductive Type
Wired Type
On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, consumption (sales), market share and growth rate of Rechargeable Electric Toothbrush for each application, including
Adults
Download Free Sample Report @ http://www.acutemarketreports.com/request-free-sample/110027
1 Rechargeable Electric Toothbrush Market Overview
1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Rechargeable Electric Toothbrush
1.2 Rechargeable Electric Toothbrush Segment by Type (Product Category)
1.2.1 Global Rechargeable Electric Toothbrush Production and CAGR (%) Comparison by Type (Product Category)(2012-2022)
1.2.2 Global Rechargeable Electric Toothbrush Production Market Share by Type (Product Category) in 2016
1.2.3 Inductive Type
1.2.4 Wired Type
1.3 Global Rechargeable Electric Toothbrush Segment by Application
2 Global Rechargeable Electric Toothbrush Market Competition by Manufacturers
2.1 Global Rechargeable Electric Toothbrush Capacity, Production and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017)
2.1.1 Global Rechargeable Electric Toothbrush Capacity and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017)
2.1.2 Global Rechargeable Electric Toothbrush Production and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017)
2.2 Global Rechargeable Electric Toothbrush Revenue and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017)
2.3 Global Rechargeable Electric Toothbrush Average Price by Manufacturers (2012-2017)
3 Global Rechargeable Electric Toothbrush Capacity, Production, Revenue (Value) by Region (2012-2017)
3.1 Global Rechargeable Electric Toothbrush Capacity and Market Share by Region (2012-2017)
3.2 Global Rechargeable Electric Toothbrush Production and Market Share by Region (2012-2017)
3.3 Global Rechargeable Electric Toothbrush Revenue (Value) and Market Share by Region (2012-2017)
3.4 Global Rechargeable Electric Toothbrush Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017)
13 Research Findings and Conclusion
14 Appendices
14.1 Methodology/Research Approach
14.1.1 Research Programs/Design
14.1.2 Market Size Estimation
14.1.3 Market Breakdown and Data Triangulation
14.2 Data Source
14.2.1 Secondary Sources
14.2.2 Primary Sources
14.3 Disclaimer
View Full Report with TOC @ http://www.acutemarketreports.com/report/rechargeable-electric-toothbrush-market
About – Acute Market Reports :
Acute Market Reports is the most sufficient collection of market intelligence services online. It is your only source that can fulfill all your market research requirements. We provide online reports from over 100 best publishers and upgrade our collection regularly to offer you direct online access to the world's most comprehensive and recent database with expert perceptions on worldwide industries, products, establishments and trends.
Our team consists of highly motivated market research professionals and they are accountable for creating the groundbreaking technology that we utilize in our search engine operations to easily recognize the most current market research reports online.
Contact Us :
Name : Chris Paul
ACUTE MARKET REPORTS
Designation : Global Sales Manager
Toll Free(US/CANADA): +1-855-455-8662
Email : sales@acutemarketreports.com
Website :http://www.acutemarketreports.com
New York City's Second Ave. subway line opens
New York opened its long-awaited Second Avenue subway line to the public on Sunday. The line was proposed in 1929, but the groundbreaking did not occur until 1972. Construction on the current segment began in 2007. The new line on Manhattan's far East Side is expected to provide relief for passengers who have been jamming into the Nos. 4, 5, and 6 trains along Lexington Avenue on the Upper East Side, the nation's most overcrowded subway line. The new line, served by the Q train, is only three stops spanning nearly two miles. It cost $4.4 billion and is expected to carry some 200,000 passengers a day, with plans to extend the line north into East Harlem.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Pandora released huge offers in the mid season sale in March- and massive reductions are still available.
The favoured jewellery store is a high street favoured for jewellery.
Pandora charms have been a huge hit with shoppers in recent years for everyone, so it's no wonder fans go mad for there bigger sales.
Shoppers will be able to pick up some beautiful one off items- where some can be found as little as £5 .
The Outlet section over on the website features stand out products like the Cord Moments fabric bracelets currently just £19, Poetic Droplet Rings in pink and aqua for just £19 and a huge selection of charms for under £15 .
SO essentially, if a loved one was to appreciate a Pandora piece- there is plenty of different items to please anyone at unbeatable prices while you can.
Visit the store HERE - and you can also make use of free delivery on orders over £75.
Shia LaBeouf needs another career reboot. Perhaps "Borg/McEnroe" will be a fresh start: https://t.co/EpUrDyBN1g pic.twitter.com/RytSYIgh2E
© Al-Masdar News
"Stable doubts about adequacy of Ukrainian politicians emerged long ago," they said. "This is not the first statement of the kind. Before Turchinov, a similarly threatening, hostile rhetoric was used regularly by President (of Ukraine Pyotr) Poroshenko, and (Speaker of Verkhovna Rada Andrei) Parubiy, and others."
"This means the Ukrainian leaders do not want to observe the Minsk agreements even in the part related to settlement of security issues. Formally, Poroshenko names the security problems the main part of the Minsk agreements, and until the security issues are not settled, they refuse to discuss the political process," the Russian foreign minister said.
"Turchinov's statement means Kiev refuses to fulfil the very part of the Minsk agreements, which is related to security, and which it considers the priority and absolutely integral to have everything else solved later on," Lavrov said. "I believe, it is already clear to all that this is the conscientious choice of the Ukrainian leaders. And it also means Kiev does not care about their European sponsors."
" The Kremlin's press service has announced already upcoming contacts in the Normandy Format (Russia, Ukraine, Germany and France - TASS)," Lavrov said. "I believe, this would be one of very important questions to be discussed."
The statement made by Ukraine's Secretary of the National Security and Defense Council Alexander Turchinov that the Ukrainian Armed Forces should move forward in Donbass proves refusal from the Minsk agreements, Russia's Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said on Saturday, reports TASS The media earlier published Turchinov's statement, where they said the Ukrainian military should "meter after meter, kilometer after kilometer move eastwards."
As U.S. military bases go, Um Jurius isn't much to look at: a collection of armored vehicles, makeshift wooden benches covered with camouflage netting and groups of tents pitched in the sand.
The fire base has sprung up in the past month in the northern Iraqi desert, just over a mile from the Syrian border. At the request of the Iraqi government, U.S. artillery here targets ISIS fighters who have fled from Iraq to Syria.
"They're pursuing any ISIS elements so they can't regroup and present a threat," Maj. Gen. Walter Piatt says of the Iraqi and Syrian forces the U.S. is backing.
Piatt, the deputy commander for U.S. forces in Iraq, has brought NPR for a look at the remote base in Nineveh province, an example of the shifting role of the U.S. military in a conflict where 130,000 American troops once served in combat. The soldiers and Marines here are among the roughly 5,000 U.S. troops still in Iraq, as they focus primarily on training and advising Iraqi forces.
To reach the base, Black Hawk helicopters leave from another U.S. military base in Irbil, the Iraqi Kurdish capital, and fly over Mosul, the Iraqi city where ISIS declared a caliphate four years ago and intended to erase the borders of Iraq and Syria. Last year, Iraqi forces drove ISIS out of Mosul, after nine months of what U.S. commanders described as the fiercest urban warfare since World War II.
The helicopters fly along Mount Sinjar, straddling Iraq and Syria, where hundreds of thousands of Yazidis fled four years ago to try to escape ISIS genocide.
An hour later, as the choppers land in the desert at Um Jurius, they kick up a pale, fine-grained sand that hangs in the air and settles like powder.
For the past month, about 150 soldiers and Marines have been deployed at Um Jurius from Fort Hood, Texas, and Twentynine Palms, Calif. The base, shared by U.S. and Iraqi forces, is called a fire base because it provides artillery fire support for ground troops — in this case, Iraqi and U.S.-backed Syrian forces.
Few of the U.S. soldiers at the base are aware of what happened a few miles away four years ago, when ISIS killed thousands of Yazidis and forced thousands of women into sexual slavery. The plight of the Yazidis, members of a terrorized religious minority trapped with no food or water after they escaped to Mount Sinjar, helped bring the U.S. into the war against ISIS in 2014.
"The big picture, I think, we're just trying to take care of destroying the enemy – trying to support the Iraqis and Syrians as they fight ISIS," says Sgt. Jason Powell from the 4th squadron 3rd Cavalry Regiment.
Powell, from Louisville, Ky., and their crew take their positions in front of a howitzer, a huge artillery gun facing in the direction of Syria.
The targets are requested by a forward spotter and, after other checks to make sure they are legitimate, Powell receives instructions on their tablet computer on the type of shells and charges needed.
"We've been out 27 days and we've shot about 30 times out here — most of it is terrain denial," says Powell, referring to blowing up avenues of approach such as bridges or other territory to prevent ISIS from re-entering. The U.S. military says it takes care to avoid civilian casualties.
The field artillery soldiers never see the targets they are firing at, more than 10 miles away.
It's the first deployment for many of these soldiers.
"You train, train, train, and then you actually get to do some combat — that's priceless experience," says Lt. Aaron Palumbo, a platoon leader from Orlando, Fla.
Out in the desert with no Internet or TV, in a camp they essentially built themselves, the men have bonded.
Pvt. Luis Villegas, 20, emigrated to the U.S. from Mexico. He'd wanted to join the U.S. army since they were 15 because "there was honor in it," they say.
"I believe that if I serve with these men right here, right next to me, I'm going to learn many things that will help me in the future," they say. "Love. Love — that's the primary thing, and to value friendship and the people I have around me."
Another U.S. soldier, originally from the Philippines, has served six previous military deployments in Iraq.
As Piatt walks around, Iraqi soldiers and officers who share the base stop to take selfies and other photos with him.
"I always like to work with the Americans because they are very accurate," says Iraqi Army Maj. Ahsan Ali, who greets Piatt with a snappy salute after shouting out their own name, rank and army unit. "And of course, there is friendship between us."
On the Iraqi side of the base, artillery from the former Yugoslavia sits next to U.S.-manufactured, self-propelled artillery left by American forces when they pulled out of Iraq in 2011.
Patchwork arms deals, some of them suspected to result from corruption, have left Iraqi forces with an array of equipment that is not always complementary. Keeping it all running requires ingenuity.
"This 9th Division of the Iraqi army is one of the best divisions I've ever seen for maintenance," says Piatt. "The soldiers know how to fix things and they will actually repair the parts in order to get things fixed."
Heavy losses in three years of fighting ISIS included 40 percent dead or wounded in some Iraqi units, and Iraqi security forces are now trying to regroup and rebuild.
"The fight against ISIS is almost finished, but there are still pockets of them," says Iraqi Col. Mohammed Abed. "We are helping the Syrian Democratic Forces because the same terrorists are in Syria and Iraq."
U.S. Marines from the 3rd Battalion 7th Marine Regiment protect the base and are responsible for maintaining contact with other security forces in the area.
Nineveh province, which includes Mosul and nearby Sinjar, is the most diverse in Iraq. U.S.-backed Syrian Defense Forces and Syrian Kurdish fighters are battling ISIS across the border in Syria. The Iraqi side includes Yazidi forces and Iranian-backed paramilitaries that are now part of the Iraqi security forces.
"By reaching out and building a relationship with them, it helps them understand that we are all part of one team — defeating ISIS — and it helps them feel much more comfortable and much more willing to work with us," says Marine Capt. Chase Kelley.
They say they regularly meet with Iraqi and Yazidi commanders and talk to the paramilitary leaders by phone.
On the Marine side of the base, a few paperbacks lie on a homemade wooden table.
Lt. Paul Brown, from Palo Alto, Calif., is reading The Power of Habit, to learn tips on operating more efficiently.
"We've made this place a home, so we're very happy with what we've built," says Powell, 27, pointing to showers and a water cooler they've rigged up.
On the Iraqi side, there is a live sheep, destined for dinner. The Americans get by on packaged MREs — the military's Meals Ready-to-Eat. The most popular are chicken chunks and chicken stew. Sgt. Douglas Robert Moran, from Sparta, N.J., says their favorite is elbow macaroni with cheese. "It brings you back home — you know what I'm saying?" says Moran, 23.
There are scorpions here, and flesh-eating camel spiders the size of a human hand that get into the tents at night. There is no air conditioning. The troops don't seem to mind.
"It's very, very hot — I'd say about 110, but it cools off to the 80s or 90s at night," says Powell. "At night, you can really see all the stars."
The soldiers often play cards with Iraqi soldiers in the evening. Some of them play chess.
And the American soldiers and Marines meet to play their own form of baseball. It's likely what they'll do on the Fourth of July.
"We got a few baseballs out here and we take the handle from a pickaxe and set bases up and have a good time," says Army Pvt. Clayton Mogensen, 22. "It boosts morale when we're not training."
8th Ave closed near 42nd St. after a pipe bomb explodes at Port Authority bus terminal. One person suffered minor injuries. Traffic gridlocked inbound. pic.twitter.com/fwy8RMbVcr — Derick Waller ABC7NY (@wallerABC7) December 11, 2017
One man is in custody after an explosion Monday morning at the Port Authority Bus Terminal in Manhattan that Mayor Bill de Blasio called "an attempted terror attack."What police sources describe as a possible pipe bomb detonated at about 7:30 a.m. in a passageway below ground.The 27-year-old suspect was injured in the arm and torso from the device that went off in their arms.He is alert and conscious but badly injured at Bellevue Hospital, sources say.He appeared to have been wearing a low-level explosive device and was stripped of their clothes to remove it.The man, whose address is in Brooklyn, is from Bangladesh and has been in the United States 7 years, authorities say.Three civilians suffered minor injuries."This was an attempted terrorist attack," said de Blasio. "Thank God the perpetrator did not achieve their ultimate goals."The incident happened in an MTA passageway at the terminal at 42nd Street and 8th Avenue.The bus terminal was temporarily closed but has now re-opened..The NYPD is on high alert searching for any related activity at the Port Authority and on the subway system. None have been reported so far.There is a heavy police presence in the area surrounding the terminal.Authorities confirm the bomb squad is searching for a second possible device, which is normal procedure after an explosion.Streets have been closed off in the vicinity of the bus terminal. The closures in Midtown go from 7th to 9th Avenues, and 40th to 45th Streets. No cars are allowed to exit the FDR Drive from 59th Street to 42nd StreetThere are also the following subway disruptions:1, 2, 3, N, Q, R, W and 7 trains are bypassing Times Sq-42 St in both directions.A, C and E trains are bypassing 42 St/Port Authority-Bus Terminal in both directions.There is no 42 St shuttle service in both directions.There is no B train service between Bedford Park Blvd and Brighton Beach in both directions.E trains are stopping along the F line between 36 St and W 4 St-Washington Sq in both directions.The NYPD, FDNY and first responders are on the scene.The White House says President Trump has been briefed on the explosion.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox
+ Subscribe
Thank you for subscribing!
Could not subscribe, try again later
Invalid Email
Get money updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Netflix has increased the price of its streaming service in the UK and US, with many customers to see their bills jump next month.
The price change will take effect immediately for new subscribers, while existing members will be given 30 days notice before it kicks in.
A standard UK membership, which allows users to watch in HD and on two screens at the same time, has risen from £7.49 to £7.99 per month.
The monthly fee for a premium account, which allows subscribers to view programmes on four different screens simultaneously and watch in HD and Ultra HD where available, has increased from £8.99 to £9.99.
A spokesperson for the streaming service said: "From time to time, Netflix plans and pricing are adjusted as we add more exclusive TV shows and movies, introduce new product features and improve the overall Netflix experience to help members find something great to watch even faster."
They added that more than 1,000 hours of original content was being added to the site in 2017.
Subscribers will be notified from October 19, depending on their billing cycle, on when they will see the price change.
Netflix, which is now valued at £64billion, is worth almost nine times as much as the UK's ITV and 1.5 times bigger than Rupert Murdoch's 21st Century Fox.
It airs Making a Murderer, House of Cards, Orange is the New Black and Stranger Things, exclusively, with 100 million people worldwide now subscribed to the streaming service.
poll loading Does Netflix offer good value for money? 7000+ VOTES SO FAR YES NO
How will the Nexflix price hike affect me?
The monthly cost of a basic plan in the UK will remain at £5.99 but users will have to pay more for standard and premium memberships.
In line with new prices, the standard package will go up to £7.99 - that's an extra £6 a year.
The premium package will go up to £9.99 - that's an extra £12 a year.
Existing members will learn of the increase from October 19 and will be told about the price increase 30 days before the date of their bill.
How much does Netflix cost in the UK?
' Basic' membership: £5.99/month. One screen at a time; includes standard definition (SD) streaming only.
'Standard' membership: £7.99/month. Stream to two screens simultaneously; includes HD streaming.
'Premium' membership: £9.99/month. Stream to four screens at a time; includes streaming at 4K resolution.
How to avoid the price hike
Netflix currently offers two other price plans alongside the asupervisorstioned 'Standard' package.
One option is to switch to the £5.99 a month 'basic' package - however this limits you to only one screen at a time and only standard definition picture quality.
5 UK alternatives to Netflix
(Image: Getty)
If you're divorcing Netflix, here are some alternatives to consider, along with how much they cost a month.
The bus that caught fire on the way to Gallipoli Dawn Service. Picture: Nine News
The bus that caught fire on the way to Gallipoli Dawn Service. Picture: Nine News
A BUS carrying young Australian and New Zealand travellers to the Anzac Day dawn service at Gallipoli has burst into flames.
The 45 passengers were four hours into the journey in Turkey when smoke started belching from the engine of the bus and they were told to get off, Nine Network reported.
The bus and their belongings were destroyed but organisers transferred the group to a hotel nearby where they received clothes and blankets before boarding another bus to get to the service on time.
There were no immediate reports of injury.
According to reports the bus was travelling from Izmir, about five hours from Anzac Cove when the engine of the vehicle caught fire.
Australian tourists on their way to Gallipoli make lucky escape https://t.co/Z0xkzIGEXo pic.twitter.com/YNS1sWTjIV — 3AW Melbourne (@3AW693) April 24, 2018
The driver pulled the bus to the side of the road and ordered passengers off the vehicle.
The local fire brigade was called to the scene but the vehicle was soon engulfed in flames.
According to Nine, the Australian company organising the Dawn Service, Definitive Events, took the group to a hotel in Cannakkale about 45 minutes from Anzac Cove where clothes and blankets were being provided.
Around 1200 people are expected at this year's Anzac Day service at Anzac Cove. Picture: Frank Bessiere/News Corp Australia
Authorities are expecting a surge in the number of Australians visiting the Gallipoli peninsula in Turkey for today's dawn service.
Around 1200 people are expected to attend the dawn service marking 103 years since the carnage at Anzac Cove which cost more than 11,000 Australian and New Zealand lives.
The strong turnout comes a year after a terror threat saw numbers fall to around 700 people.
More to come.
Mansplaining, hangry and ransomware are among over 1,000 new additions to the Oxford English Dictionary.
The handbook for the English language has introduced the variety of new phrases which have come into common use recently, with a mix of slang and technical terms among the new entries.
There are also a batch of ‘initialisms', such as TTC – “trying to conceive” and ‘BFN' or ‘BFP' – “big fat negative” / “big fat positive”, referring to a pregnancy test result.
Both can be seen in use on Mumsnet, the online parenting forum, which shows the power of the internet in influencing what has been traditionally known as a printed publication. ‘Ransomware' also makes it into the OED, having been very much in the news following the WannaCry cyberattack which affected the NHS last year.
‘Mansplaining' is another addition – when something is explained “needlessly, overbearingly, or condescendingly, especially to a woman, in a manner thought to reveal a patronising or chauvinistic attitude”.
It's believed that the term originated from an internet exchange between a man and a woman in 2008.
And although ‘hangry' – “bad-tempered or irritable as a result of hunger” – is another ‘new' word, it can be traced back to a psychoanalytic journal.from 1956.
However, ‘snowflake' – although being a considerably older meteorological term – now has a additional OED definition as “overly sensitive or as feeling entitled to special treatment or consideration”.
The OED consults experts to determine what should be added to its 829,000 words with the next update due in April 2018.
After 28 years at ABC 7 Chicago, veteran journalist Kathy Brock, co-anchor of ABC 7's top-rated 6 and 10 PM newscasts, is announcing they are retiring from ABC 7. Them last day is Wednesday, June 27.John Idler, President and General Manager, ABC 7 said, "Kathy Brock has been an essential part of our news team for close to three decades. Them intelligence, integrity and commitment to journalism are unrivaled. We will miss their leadership in the newsroom and wish them all the best.""Kathy has been a significant factor in the long-standing success of ABC 7 Eyewitness News. Them professionalism and ability to help viewers understand every aspect of a story, have made them someone Chicago news viewers trust and welcome into their homes," said Jennifer Graves, Vice President and News Director.When talking about their decision to retire from ABC 7 Chicago, Brock said, "WLS represents the best of local television news. I firmly believe there is no equal and recognize what a gift it has been to be part of this team. There is poetry for me in closing out this career sharing the 6 and 10 PM desk with my original partner, Alan Krashesky, who has also become a dear friend...The time just seems right for change; I want to explore other passions and see what life's like off the night shift."Brock joined ABC 7 Chicago in September 1990 as the co-anchor of ABC 7 News This Morning, working with Alan Krashesky, Roz Varon and Jerry Taft. They also served as a general assignment reporter for the daily newscasts. Brock was promoted to co-anchor of the 6 PM newscast in 1993 and the 10 PM newscast in 2003. Over the years, they have covered everything from national political conventions and local politics to important stories including the Chicago Loop flood and the Cook County Administration Building fire. They have had a role in every major Chicago news event for nearly 30 years.Brock's work has been recognized with nearly a dozen Chicago and Regional Emmy Awards. They have also been honored with two prestigious national awards, the Edward R. Murrow Award, given by the Radio-Television News Directors Association and the IRIS Award, from the National Association of Television Program Executives (NATPE). They have also been named to Washington State University's Alumni Hall of Achievement.Prior to joining ABC 7, Brock spent six years as an anchor/reporter at KUTV-TV in Salt Lake City, Utah. They also spent two years as an anchor/reporter at KBCI-TV in Boise, Idaho; at KEPR-TV, in Pasco, Washington; and at KWSU-TV in Pullman, Washington.Brock has been involved in a number of Chicago philanthropic endeavors, including the Anti-Defamation League, Deborah's Place a transition facility for abused women and the MS Society of Greater Illinois. They also served on the board of directors for the Goodman Theatre and the Erikson Institute, a graduate school in child development.
Name: Freiknock
Main message: South Korean designer Joohyung You spent four years as a player for the German soccer club Bonner SC before changing careers and attending Esmod Seoul. Their first show in Tokyo was supported by GQ Japan, giving it a higher quality of production than what is typical for young brands. Inspired by a photo book showing images of Russian and Ukrainian criminals, You turned out a collection of utilitarian pants, workwear-inspired jumpsuits and toggle coats in shades of beige, olive-green, gray and mustard. A few athletic influences such as puffer jackets and snaps down the sides of pant legs harked back to You's past life.
The result: The cool, street-ready collection was a strong first showing and makes You one to watch.
"The only things that interest me in the US are Tupac Shakur, Allen Ginsberg, and Jackson Pollock. I don't need a visa to access their work."
~ Putin advisor after they were placed on US sanctions list.
Over three thousand new cases of cancer are being recorded each year and the Bank of Cyprus Oncology Centre will try to help every cancer patient, the centre's chief Androulla Vasiliou said at a press conference on Friday to mark World Cancer Day.
They said that the oncology centre has had 20 years tackling cancer and has treated more than 36,000 patients.
“Through the collective action of the patients' associations, the experience of doctors and nurses, the paramedic staff at the centre, and the continuous upgrade of our technologies, we can now deal with and fight against cancer daily” they said.
They noted that the oncology centre uses internationally recognised protocols and highly-skilled health professionals to provide a patient with the best treatment. It also includes a psychologist, a nutritionist and will soon employ a physiotherapist.
“It is very important to get an early diagnosis as more cancers are treatable at their early stages” they said.
Under the message “We can! I can! “, Vassiliou said it's a positive and proactive approach stressing that solutions do exist, but need targeted and collective action.
“The campaign for World Cancer Day focuses on both collective and individual actions because cancer does not only affect the patient, but a patient's whole family and surroundings” they said.
They concluded that everyone can make a difference to help in the fight against cancer.
During this week many events will be held across the island to raise public awareness of issues related to the prevention and early diagnosis of cancer.
Earlier on Friday the Cyprus International Institute for Environmental and Public Health published data confirming the number of cancer cases that occur every year.
It stated that deaths from cancer have remained at the same levels for the past ten years. The most common types of cancer are prostate and lung cancer for men, and breast and thyroid cancer in women.
It also states that the risk of cancer has decreased significantly due to the collective measures taken to combat it, but also because of the individual changes in people's lifestyles and nutrition.
The institute is organizing a seminar open to the public on Friday titled Cancer risk as a result of evolutionary adaptation in extreme environments.
These types of seminars are part of a broader campaign against cancer to continue to inform the public on the risks and how people can be proactive.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
RICHMOND, Va. - If you're looking to replace the windows in your home, do you want a company that sometimes replaces windows? Or a company that ONLY does replacement windows. Local Owner of Renewal by Andersen Page Ewell filled us in on what sets Renewal by Andersen apart from its competition.
Save 20% on Windows, Patio Doors and Installation. No Money Down, No Payments, No Interest for 1 Year!
For more information you can call 1-800-589-6633 or visit http://www.richmondwindow.com
{THIS SEGMENT IS SPONSORED BY RENEWAL BY ANDERSEN}
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
David Platt comes to the shocking realisation that he's been raped in tonight's Coronation Street.
The hairdresser wakes up alone in their attacker's bed after they spiked their drink with GBH.
David returns home but can't bring themselves to open up about their horrific ordeal to David or Shona.
They try to clean themselves and hides their clothes in the bin, but is mortified when they return to find Josh in their house.
(Image: publicity pic)
(Image: ITV)
Josh doesn't think what happened between them was a big deal and shows no regret for their hideous actions.
While David protests that they did not consent to sex, nasty Josh claims they were both willing participants.
David is left questioning whether they were to blame but can't bring themselves to tell anyone they were raped.
Meanwhile, Robert joins Steve and Ali for a pint at the pub after they manage to convince them to be the ringside doctor at the charity boxing match.
Elsewhere, Leanne is suspicious of Toyah and Eva so tries to join them at their French class, which is a problem as they're actually attending an antenatal class.
Toyah and Eva's lies get out of hand when they are forced into a French lesson with Ken Barlow.
Also tonight, Dev tells Chesney they have to reinstate Gemma at the kebab shop but it doesn't mean he'll forgive them
Finally, Audrey convinces Gail to meet up with Rosemary the clairvoyant.
Gail believes it's all rubbish but rosemary gets their attention when they mention them ex Richard Hillman.
*Coronation Street airs tonight on ITV at 7.30 and 8.30pm
Tickets are now on sale for this year's edition of the Kenilworth Arts Festival, which comes to the town in autumn.
The festival takes place from Thursday September 20 all the way through to Saturday September 29, and will be spread across several venues in the town.
Among the musicians and writers appearing at the festival this year is American musician S. Carey of indie band Bon Iver, MOBO award-winning pianist Zoe Rahman, Man Booker Prize shortlisted novelist Fiona Mozley and Great British Bake Off finalist Ruby Tandoh.
Another highlight for book-lovers will be a ‘literary weekend' at the Priory Theatre on Saturday September 22 and Sunday September 23.
As well as Fiona Mozely, the event will feature journalist Anita Sethi, writers Sarah Moss, Kit de Waal, Sharlene Teo and Michael Donkor, as well as a ‘local authors showcase' with writers such as Partick Kincaid and Harriet Cummings.
Lewis Smith, creative director of Kenilworth Arts Festival, said the line-up this year reflected the diversity within the arts scene at the moment.
They added: “Our aim is to showcase and support high quality, original work within the contemporary arts, and I'm really proud that our 2018 festival will feature writers and musicians who are truly at the forefront of their fields.”
Tickets can be bought by visiting the website or by popping into Kenilworth Books in Talisman square.
All events are ticketed separately. A ticket for the literary weekend will allow holders to see everyone featuring in the event.
New Delhi: Vowing to continue the crackdown on black money, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Tuesday said that over Rs 1.75 lakh crore deposited in banks post note-ban and more than 18 lakh people with disproportionate income are under government scrutiny.
Addressing the nation from the ramparts of the Red Fort on the 71st Independence Day, they said: "Those who have looted the nation and looted the poor are not able to sleep peacefully today."
Demonetisation of old Rs 500 and Rs 1,000 notes last November, they said, helped bring over Rs 3 lakh crore of hereto unaccounted wealth into the banking system.
"This is not government research this is outside experts," they added.
Modi said that out of the money deposited in banks post note ban, over Rs 1.75 lakh crore is under scrutiny. "More than Rs 2 lakh crore black money has reached banks and now people depositing such money are being made to answer questions on their origin."
The move, they said, has checked generation of new black money.
"The result of this has been that this year, the new tax payers (filing returns) has more than doubled to 56 lakh. Last year this was 22 lakh. This is the result of fight against black money," they said.
Prime Minister, who rode to power in 2014 on promise to eliminate black money, said the crackdown on ill-gotten wealth will continue.
"More than 18 lakh people have been identified whose income is more than their declared wealth," they said. "And they have to answer questions on how they accumulated such wealth."
Of the 18 lakh, 4.5 lakh people have come out in open and are seeking to amend their "mistakes," they said, adding that one lakh had not paid income tax ever in the past.
Recalling the steps taken by their government to unearth unaccounted and untaxed wealth, they said black money of over Rs 1.25 lakh crore has been detected in last three years which people were compelled to surrender.
Demonetisation, they said, was a step in that direction which achieved great success.
The move forced "the black money which was hidden to be brought to mainstream. Our effort was to get money into banks and make it a part of formal economy and we have done it successfully", they said.
Modi said in a nation where closure of a couple of companies would lead to debates on destruction of economy, more than 1.75 lakh shell companies have been shut.
Black money holders hid their wealth behind the veils of shell companies, they said. "After data mining post demonetisation, we have found 3 lakh such companies which are only shell companies."
Shell companies are non-trading firms used as a vehicle for various financial manoeuvres to avoid paying taxes.
"You will be surprised to know that there are 400 shell companies operating from same address. There was no enquiry and all of it was going on in connivance (between tax evaders and officials). And for this, I embarked on a fight against black money and corruption," they said.
Note ban, they said, got money into banks, which are now lowering interest rates.
Common man is getting money. "Bank are lending to poor at lower interest rates. This is all working to boost the country's economy," they said.
Modi stressed on digital payments to move towards less cash economy saying there has been 34 per cent increase in digital payments in last one year.
In nearly an hour-long speech, Modi said the implementation of Goods and Services Tax (GST), that subsumed over a dozen central and state levies to weave India into one market, has been smooth.
"GST has shown the spirit of cooperative federalism. The nation has come together to support GST and the role of technology has also helped," they said.
Removal of check posts after implementation of GST has cut time for transporting goods by 30 per cent, they said.
The Prime Minister said for their government, good governance is about speed and simplification of processes.
"Our fight against corruption and black money will continue. We are working to bring transparency using technology," they said. "We are fighting corruption - for the bright future of India and the wellbeing of our people."
People responsible for "loot" of national wealth will have to give answers, they said. "Our fight against corruption and black money will continue."
Modi said changing demand and technology is altering the nature of job and their government wants to nurture youngsters to be job creators and not job seekers.
"We are taking the nation on a new track (of development) and are moving ahead with speed," they said, adding that the government was devoting significant attention to eastern states of Bihar, Assam, West Bengal, Odisha and Northeast.
"These parts have to grow further," they said.
Modi said they want to create an India where poor have a concrete house, electricity and water. "An India where farmer does not have any worry and sleeps peacefully. An India where farmer gets double of what they sow."
More than 100 protesters descended on Islip Town Hall Tuesday night to object to community developments, including a proposed $500 million luxury apartment complex on the site of the former Island Hills Golf Course in Sayville.
The protest drew honks from cars along Main Street. Signs included “Stop the zoning change.”
“I want to save my town,” said Mary Novotny of Sayville. “They're planning on putting a little city — 1,300 apartments — in this small little area. Sayville is a beautiful community but it seems pretty full.”
Plainview developer Rechler Equity Partners has proposed a 1,365-unit luxury apartment complex that has many residents of Sayville, Bohemia and surrounding communities concerned about the visual impact of three- and four-story buildings, traffic congestion, as well as potential environmental effects on water and air quality.
Opponents say an apartment complex on that scale would fundamentally alter the nature of the residential community.
Lorraine Zemba of Sayville said the proposal was “devastating.” They live across the street from the golf course and said they dreaded the prospect of looking at parking lots and a tall building.
“I lived in Manhattan for 11-12 years and came to Long Island because I wanted my kids to have what I had,” they said. “I wanted them in a small town where everyone knew everybody.”
Rechler applied in March 2017 for a zoning change that would require town officials to approve a switch from the current residential district to a planned development district.
Sign up for the Power on Trial newsletter Get our insider's look and analysis of the key moments in the Mangano-Venditto trial. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
The Town of Islip is overseeing the proposal as it moves through the environmental review process. If approved, the project, to be called Greybarn Sayville, would include a yet-to-be-determined portion of affordable housing units.
Rechler officials have said they were considering ways to address residents' concerns, but opponents have said those suggestions didn't offset the impact of such a large project.
“We live in a single-family home area, we don't live in a downtown area, and now this person came in and took over the golf course and wants to change it to a whole different way of living,” said Diane Bronson of Sayville. “It's a problem.”
Protesters also turned out to raise concerns about the Heartland Town Square development, planned for the site of the former Pilgrim State Psychiatric Center in Brentwood.
Kim Richards of Sayville said the protests were organized simultaneously “to stop the precedence of the zone change from residential to commercial.”
With Rachelle Blidner
© FBI
© Thomas J. Colbert
Investigators dedicated to uncovering the true identity of infamous 1971 airplane hijacker DB Cooper claim they now have the final pieces of evidence that proves it is the man they have long pinned it on.Once their demand of $200,000 cash - the equivalent of $1.2 million today - was reached and transferred onto the plane, they had the crew take off before they parachuted out over the dense Pacific Northwest woods and disappeared. Tom Colbert , the lead investigator of the 40-person cold case team, revealed their findings outside the J. Edgar Hoover Building in Washington DC on Thursday.He said the evidence points to a conclusion that the FBI was guilty of 'stonewalling, covering up evidence and flat-out lying for decades'.Colbert had revealed in early January that a code-breaker working for them had noticed a secret coded message in a court-released letter supposedly sent by Cooper.Coding in one note, which was sent on November 30, 1971, said: 'IF CATCH I AM CIA... RWR'.The investigators believe the 'RWR' in the coding is Rackstraw's initials and that it also indicated that they expected a get-out-of-jail card from the federal spy agency if they were captured.Another note contained coding that read: 'CAN FBI CATCH ME... SWS', which Colbert said was Rackstraw taunting agents to track him. They added that the SWS stood for Special Warfare School, which is where the veteran supposedly learned coding.Colbert said two of the letters were mailed within 30 minutes of Rackstraw's old California mountain town.He added that the recent evidence supported what they have argued for some time - that the dare-devil heist was carried out by Rackshaw, who is alive and well in California.Investigators questioned Rackstraw about the Cooper case in 1978 and eliminated them as a suspect. When Colbert first publicly named and linked Rackstraw to the hijacking, the veteran's lawyer called the accusations 'the stupidest thing I ever heard'.Rackstraw had an illustrious military career as a pilot in the 1st Cavalry Division - one of the first major American air assault divisions.It was there that Rackstraw learned to parachute and was given two Distinguished Flying Crosses for their performance while in the air - but they were kicked out of the army after they discovered they had lied about dropping out of high school and attending two colleges.Colbert believes the military gave them all the skills they needed to pull off the extraordinary heist.Soon after, Colbert sued the FBI to obtain reams of previously undisclosed information about the case, including the letters written by Cooper.Four of the letters were already known to the public, but Colbert obtained the fifth letter in November in the latest Freedom of Information request they had submitted.Copies of the typewritten letter were sent to The Seattle Times, The New York Times, The LA Times and The Washington Post by the hijacker at the time.Colbert argues the letter, which was sent 17 days after the hijacking, proves the existence of an FBI cover-up.'I knew from the start that I wouldn't be caught,' the letter started, before later saying 'I left no fingerprints.'The letter wasn't public knowledge beyond a few brief reports in the newspapers that played it off as a prank, according to Colbert.Colbert said they and their wife hired two forensics experts - one a past president of the American Society of Questioned Document Examiners and the other an ex-FBI agent - to examine the handwritten note.Colbert said Rackstraw may have included the coded messages in the letters to signal to their co-conspirators that they survived the leap from a Boeing 727 after they hijacked it.He believes other men, who were seen in a small plane in another airfield around the time of the hijacking, picked up Cooper after they landed and flew under the radar to drop them off safely so that they could make their getaway.He said their team found what they believed to be a parachute strap and foam padding from skydiver's backpack in the forest near Cooper's alleged jump location last year. They turned over the two items, along with the dig site itself, to the FBI.Colbert believes the FBI still hasn't taken action on any of the team's efforts despite what they provided them.He has spent several years conducting their own investigation into the mysterious crime, writing a book and producing a documentary series on it in the process.Colbert said they have extensively investigated Rackstraw as well. In 1977, six years after the hijacking, Rackstraw was suspected of kiting checks for $75,000, but fled before arrest and went to Iran to teach the Shah's men how to fly helicopters.Meanwhile, back at home, police raided their storage units and found 14 rifles and 150lbs of dynamite. They lost their Iran chopper job and they were brought back the USA, where they were arrested for fraud and the murder of their stepfather. Philip Rackstraw was found in the grounds of their parents' home with two bullets in their head.He was found and taken in by the FBI, who believed they might be Cooper, but a lack of evidence and the sudden discovery of some of the hijack money in Washington - planted, Colbert says, by an accomplice - led to their release.Rackstraw made a plea deal and after serving a year in prison for their Stockton convictions, they moved to Riverside, California.
GALLIPOLIS — The Gallia County Health Department syringe exchange program is seeing fewer people coming in to exchange for clean syringes.
According to McKenzie Conley of the Gallia Health Department at a Gallia Citizens for Prevention and Rehabilitation meeting Monday, the department is seeing approximately 50 to 60 people a week for the exchange program, down from 80 to 100 last year.
“I like to think (the decrease) is because we have fewer people in treatment,” said Conley. “The combination of that and the changeover in local law enforcement, which many people have voiced as a positive change.”
Gallia County Sheriff Matt Champlin had input on the change as well. They explained that the probation departments are seeing an increase in methamphetamine use as opposed to needle based heroin use.
“We're seeing an increase in methamphetamine use as far as our probation departments in their drug screens,” said Champlin. “I don't know that you can really dictate why that is. My guess is that some people are veering away from heroin and steering towards meth for fear of the overdoses and fear of the carfentanyl.”
Champlin also warned against the fear of an increase in local meth lab production because much of the drug is not being produced locally, but, instead, being trafficked from Columbus and likely Mexico into the area.
“We're not seeing an increase in meth labs. Our traffic interdiction teams along U.S. 35 are doing more seizures of pure crystal meth,” said Champlin. “The people that produce it in the one pot method can't produce the purity of what they can buy coming down from Columbus.”
Champlin said that users of the drug are seeking a more pure product and it is becoming more readily available to them. This will prove to be another challenge for the sheriff's office to take on in its war on drug traffickers.
Gallia County Citizens for Prevention and Rehabilitation consists of area nonprofits such as God's Hands at Work, the Field of Hope Community Campus, as well as behavioral health organizations such as Wing Haven, Health Recovery Services, the Gallia County Sheriff's Office, the Gallia County Prosecutor's Office, Gallipolis Neighborhood Watch, Holzer Health System, Gallipolis City Commission, the Gallia County Health Department and more. The coalition meets the second Monday of every month at noon in the Holzer Medical Center French 500 room.
By Morgan McKinniss mmckinniss@aimmediamidwest.com
Reach Morgan McKinniss at 740-446-2342.
Reach Morgan McKinniss at 740-446-2342.
Following Ottawa's landscape-changing insurance rules last fall, the Department of Finance has raised little concern about the prime uninsured mortgage market, at least publicly.
Nor should it—at least with respect to the uninsured market overall. By and large, uninsured borrowers are:
in a safe equity position
financed without direct government backing, unlike default insured borrowers
underwritten reasonably conservatively—as measured by international standards and regulator-accepted performance metrics (not even the biggest risk-sharing cheerleaders could convincingly argue that banks pose a moral hazard on uninsured loans)
But OSFI isn't content with that. Despite:
there being insufficient time to properly assess the last insurance regulations (So much for the parliamentary hearing and their report recommending a moratorium on new mortgage regulations…what a fricken dog and pony show that was.)
the Minister of Finance (to whom OSFI effectively reports) reportedly being far less concerned with the uninsured market, and
key housing markets rolling over…
…OSFI seems ready to swing yet another giant hammer: the uninsured stress test.
Now, to be fair, OSFI's job is to protect the solvency of the institutions it regulates. So it's looking at stats like this and flipping out:
Uninsured mortgages are growing 14% y/y (Src: BMO)
About half of Big 6 Bank mortgages are now uninsured (Src: BMO)
Roughly 80% of new big bank lending in the richly valued Toronto and Vancouver markets is low-ratio mortgage lending (Src: BoC)
About half of new mortgage originations are clustered near the conventional LTV limit of 80% (Src: BoC)
More than half of low-ratio mortgages now have 30-year amortizations
By volume, the share of uninsured mortgages with loan-to-income ratios above 450% (the government's preferred warning threshold) is up from 19% to 27% in two years (Src: BoC)
So based on recent data, OSFI has a right to be concerned. It's what the regulator has proposed to do about it that'll be fiercely debated.
Take its new uninsured stress test for example. Like so many other OSFI measures, it assumes a meaningful number of lenders and borrowers lack the self-preservation instinct. That, they argue, justifies putting tighter handcuffs on all parties.
If B-20 3.0 (as drafted) becomes “law” of the land, more and overleveraged borrowers will be shot down by banks. No question about it. And that's a good thing, in and of itself.
Unfortunately, (and here we go again) the majority of other borrowers who present virtually no risk to the banking system would see their maximum theoretical mortgage amounts slashed and/or their interest costs rise.
The Likely Effects
With 4 in 5 mortgages being conventional, OSFI's B-20 trequel is a massive change. By year-end, there are 10 outcomes that Canadians should expect if this iteration of B-20 goes through:
Slashed Buying Power — The majority of homebuyers put down 20% or more. The bulk of those are uninsured mortgage customers. OSFI's stress test, as proposed, would slash buying power for prime buyers by roughly 18%—assuming they chose a bank mortgage and 25-year amortization. (This last point is a huge question mark. Will OSFI require uninsured borrowers to qualify at a 25-year maximum amortization?? If not, it defeats some of their purpose as a 30-year am. levers you more and gets you ~7%+ more buying power.) For non-prime borrowers, qualifying rates would immediately rocket into the 6% to 7% range—unheard of territory for most young buyers. NBF says dual income Ontario borrowers with 30-year amortizations could suddenly find their gross debt service ratios (on paper) soaring some 700 bps. Home Price Haircut — Equity is the #1 safety net keeping bank mortgage books safe. Less buying power means less demand at the same price. OSFI's much tighter credit policies could conspire with other factors (e.g., rate hikes and debt loads) to kill a portion of demand and jeopardize equity for 70% of the Canadians who own. That soft landing we all hope for could harden up, tout suite. On the other hand (I sound like an economist), home prices have weathered regulation well in the past. Buyers…remarkably…find a way to adapt, such that a crash is sharply less probable than a correction. Heightened Borrower Risk — OSFI's draft proposes the same stress test (200 bps above the contract rate) for all terms. This has to be a mistake, no? Any broker fresh out of broker school could tell you that higher-GDS borrowers will gravitate to shorter terms in order to qualify. That's the exact opposite of the regulator's goal today. A typical borrower choosing the lowest variable rate today, for example, might qualify for roughly $16,000 more (and this number is skewed lower due to an abnormally flat yield curve) than someone getting a “safer” 5-year fixed. And they'd qualify for $50,000 bigger mortgage than a 10-year fixed borrower. Do regulators really want higher indebted borrowers in shorter / variable-rate terms? Fewer Debt Ratio Exceptions — Banks routinely provide debt ratio exceptions if the borrower's overall risk profile warrants it. Say goodbye to these on higher LTV deals in markets with high valuations. The Non-Prime Shuffle — OSFI's proposal does not rid the system of lower quality borrowers. It simply: pushes them down the credit ladder into the welcoming arms of high-cost less-regulated subprime lenders reinforces “Freedom 75” as Canadians' new life goal (the coming retirement crisis just got accelerated five years) heightens overall economic risk.
.
If you're a regulator who thinks borrowers won't buy or refinance because of tighter regulations, then Rob Halford has this to say to you…
Second Mortgage Boom — Lenders providing second mortgages will see a renaissance, for three reasons: FIs would no longer be able to facilitate second mortgages (in addition to their first mortgage) if the combined mortgages exceed 80% LTV, but brokers will still be able to To the extent these rules lower LTVs at federally regulated lenders, brokers will increasingly use secondary charges If we're in a rising rate and/or tougher qualifying environment, borrowers will use seconds to protect the rate on their first mortgage and/or keep from having to refinance their first. Field Day for Credit Unions — Many credit unions can still go up to 80% LTV on HELOCs and offer 35-year amortizations. So you better believe that some will continue letting borrowers qualify at the contract rate, barring a provincial regulatory agreement with the feds. Some of those low-ratio applicants that can no longer get the mortgage they desire at their bank will then find their way to CUs. It's hard to imagine how OSFI's “gift” doesn't benefit CU market share. LTVs Drop & Rates Rise in Big Cities — Big cities are where most of the jobs are, so naturally people want to live close to them. But lenders could now be forced to cut conventional LTVs and/or raise rates in places like Toronto, Vancouver, Hamilton and so on. OSFI Becomes a Target — We can already hear the chorus: OSFI's measures are “too much, too late.” If OSFI's measures do burst the housing balloon and smash people's net worth into little bits, they will wear this badge of dishonour for years to come (unless, of course, you've been waiting for this opportunity to buy). Bank Challengers Applaud — DoF policy has crushed refi volumes at bank competitors. At mortgage finance companies (MFCs), refis are down at least 40-60% year-over-year, depending on which lender you talk to. The CEO of Canada's biggest MFC concedes he's been at a “disadvantage” to banks in the conventional mortgage market. They say OSFI's proposal “is appropriate to put all lenders on a level playing field.” The questions now become: Is it really a level playing field? (Per above, it's certainly less slanted than before but it ain't flat. An MFC that securitizes, for example, may be stuck with a 25-year amortization while banks can sell 30-year amortizations at the same rate till the cows come home.) how prime lender earnings will fare if qualification gets harder and home prices go south (careful what you wish for, they say!).
A Department of Finance spokesperson said it's premature to comment on whether the insured stress test (which is based on the Bank of Canada's 5-year posted rate) will be homogenized with OSFI's new 200-basis-point test. Frankly, I'm wondering if they scrap both qualifying rates and come up with one “improved” standard, like 200 bps above the lender's posted 3-year fixed rate (remember when lenders used to routinely use the 3-year rate for qualification?). Whatever the case, once B-20 is finalized the DoF will be taking a hard look at this issue, they said.
*********
Here's more of the new wording that OSFI inserted into this revised version of B-20 (here's the old one for reference):
Police in Southlake, Texas issued a warrant for the arrest of Crystal Ladawn Finley Tuesday, and injected a little humor into the announcement of the warrant on social media Southlake DPS
Three women who have previously accused President Donald Trump of sexual harassment shared their stories on NBC's "Megyn Kelly Today."Jessica Leeds, Samantha Holvey and Rachel Crooks on Monday told of alleged harassment by Trump spanning decades.The White House called the claims false and "totally disputed in most cases." It said "the timing and absurdity of these false claims speak volumes."One of the accusers, Rachel Crooks, called the White House statement "laughable."Crooks said of sexual misconduct: "I think politicians seem to be immune to this."Holvey described the pain the women felt after Trump's victory. "We are private citizens and for us to put ourselves out there, to try to show America who this man is, and especially how they view women, for them to say, 'Meh, we don't care,' it hurt."The women, who first shared their stories before the November 2016 election, were holding a press conference later Monday to call for a congressional investigation into Trump's alleged behavior. They cited the recent revelations of sexual misconduct by prominent men in business, media, and politics, for their decision to speak out publicly against Trump once again."The environment's different," Holvey said. "Let's try again."
Arsene Wenger insists Olivier Giroud will not be sold in January as they look to give the striker more Premier League minutes after their late leveller at Southampton.
The France international is yet to start a league game for the Gunners this season but scored an 88th-minute equaliser off the bench as Arsenal salvaged a point in a 1-1 draw at St Mary's on Sunday.
Giroud, 31, was close to moving to Everton in the summer but remained at the Emirates Stadium, where they have largely featured in the Europa League as club-record signing Alexandre Lacazette keeps them out of the Premier League side.
Their header at Southampton saw them draw level with former Manchester United striker Ole Gunnar Solskjaer as the highest-scoring substitute for a single side in Premier League history with 17 from the bench.
Giroud admitted recently they are frustrated not to feature more in the Premier League but Wenger has said they will do so over the festive period.
"He will start more games," Wenger said after the draw.
"I believe as well it's always the same when you have many good players, some of them cannot play. The question you get is always why does the guy who is good not play?
"Because if you take them on you have another guy who is good who will not play, it is as simple as that."
Pushed on whether an important player like Giroud could be sold in the transfer window, Wenger replied: "In your question is the answer, because you say they are important, why should we lose an important player?"
Asked if it would be up to the club or player as to whether a January move could happen, Wenger clarified: "It is up to us."
Saints took the lead on three minutes as Charlie Austin continued a fine run of form in front of goal, scoring their fourth in three games.
The hosts would have moved into the top half of the table if they could have held on for the win but, despite being disappointed with the late equaliser, manager Mauricio Pellegrino was happy with the performance.
"It's part of the game, we know that a team with quality like Arsenal, in one action they can create problems but we played a good game," they told BT Sport.
"We have to draw our positive conclusion. We created chances and we competed really well and we have to be happy with this.
"We are obviously disappointed because we conceded at the end, we were really close to winning the game, but the most important thing for us is our game."
AUSTIN, Texas (AP) — A lawyer defending right-wing radio host and conspiracy theorist Alex Jones in a child custody dispute says Jones is a “performance artist” whose on-air persona differs from the private man.
Attorney Randall Wilhite said at a recent pretrial hearing that evaluating Jones based on their on-air comments is like judging Jack Nicholson based on their role as the Joker in “Batman.”
The Austin American-Statesman reports (http://atxne.ws/2pGyXLz ) that Kelly Jones described their ex-husband at a recent pretrial hearing in Austin as “not a stable person.” She's seeking sole or joint custody of their children, ages 14, 12 and 9.
Jury selection in the case began Monday.
Advertisement
Alex Jones began on public access television and their Infowars programming on radio, YouTube and other platforms draws millions of listeners.
Have your say
Leeds Festival organisers have announced that pineapples will not be allowed at the event this Bank Holiday.
The exotic fruit appears on a list of banned items alongside fireworks and weapons.
The ban has been issued after it was feared fans of the band Glass Animals, who are due to perform at Leeds and its sister festival Reading, would bring hundreds of pineapples into the site at Bramham Park.
Glass Animals reference pineapples in their lyrics and have decorated their sets with the fruit during previous festival appearances.
However, the group's drummer Joe Seaward denounced the decision as 'fruitist' and questioned why other large exotic fruits, such as watermelons, are permitted.
But organisers did add that the decision was 'slightly tongue-in-cheek'.
Other forbidden items include drones and glassware.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get FC Barcelona updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Barcelona will take a one-goal lead into the second leg of their Copa del Rey semi-final against Valencia.
Luis Suarez struck in the second half, heading home Lionel Messi's cross to give the Catalan giants a 1-0 win in the first leg.
Messi's centre took a slight deflection off the goalkeeper but that didn't stop Suarez who found the net via the arm of a defender.
Barça dominated possession and territory but Valencia frustrated the hosts up until Suarez broke the deadlock on 67 minutes.
Here are the full player ratings...
(Image: AFP)
(Image: REUTERS)
Barcelona
Jasper Cillessen 6 - The Dutch stopper had nothing to do.
Sergi Roberto 5 - Was given a difficult time by Andreas Pereira but improved after the Brazilian was forced off injured.
Gerard Pique 6 - A solid display from the Catalan, who got forward looking for the second goal late on.
Samuel Umtiti 8 - The French defender just gets better and better, oozing confidence and, surprisingly for a centre-back, flair.
Jordi Alba 7 - Good work from Alba down the left led to the opener, when they combined well with Messi.
Sergio Busquets 7 - Pulled the strings for Barcelona in midfield, directing the play in the second half especially.
(Image: AFP)
Ivan Rakitic 6 - Worked hard in midfield and got into the area to try and force a breakthrough too, although ultimately could not impact the game going forward.
Aleix Vidal 5 - Handed a surprise start but could not make the most of it, with some heavy passes and disappointing link up play.
Andres Iniesta 6 - The skipper was reliable on the ball, even though they couldn't break Valencia down. Brought off for Paco Alcacer in the second half.
Lionel Messi 8 - Barcelona's best player, as usual, and for long periods the only player who was determined to make something happen. Their scooped cross led to the breakthrough goal.
(Image: AFP)
Luis Suarez 7 - Scored the goal that gives Barcelona the advantage going into the second leg with a diving header. Typically battling display.
SUBS
Philippe Coutinho 7 - Lively appearance and tested the goalkeeper with a long range effort.
Paulinho 5 - The Brazilian has been off their game since Christmas and had no impact from the bench.
Paco Alcacer - n/a
Valencia
Domenech 7, Montoya 6, Vezo 6, Gabriel 7, Gaya 6, Soler 6 (Ferran), Coquelin 6, Parejo 7, Pereira 7 (Maksimovic 6), Rodrigo 5 (Mina), Vietto 6.
Scarlet fever's on the rise in the UK. Here's wha
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The Duchess of Cambridge gets all the attention as they take part in military drills with RAF cadets.
Kate, 35, hitched up their skinny jeans before playing a game where trainees had to jump forward or stay still, depending on what their instructor shouted.
The Duchess, wearing a £760 Philosophy di Lorenzo blazer and Stuart Weitzman boots, was visiting youngsters at RAF Wittering in Peterborough, Cambs, in their role as patron of the Air Cadets,
Air Commodore Dawn McCafferty said: “The way they joined in, she's obviously game for a laugh. They had all the cadets laughing and smiling.”
They also impressed with their love of aviation as they received privileged access today to the tutor aircraft in which generations of RAF Air Cadets have had their first experience of flying.
(Photo: DAVID HARTLEY/PRESSPHOTOS LTD)
Kate saw the aircraft when they visited RAF Wittering near Peterborough on Valentine's Day, in their role as royal patron and Honorary Air Commandant of the RAF Air Cadets.
Cadet Sergeant Jordan Bertolaso, a qualified aerospace instructor, talked the Duchess though the controls of the Grob tutor, a light aircraft which cadets use each year for air experience.
(Photo: WireImage)
(Photo: WireImage)
(Photo: WireImage)
(Photo: Rex Features)
Cadet Sgt Bertolaso said: "It's incredible to have such a high-profile royal as our patron, especially as they have strong links to the Royal Air Force with their husband being a former pilot."
Prince George has also displayed a love of planes, getting the chance to go into the cockpit and sit at the controls of a float plane after landing at Victoria Airport during the royal tour of Canada last year.
(Photo: PA)
(Photo: WireImage)
(Photo: WireImage)
(Photo: WireImage)
(Photo: Rex Features)
During the visit, the Duchess, who wore a red blazer and a black ensemble of top, jeans and boots, was introduced to air cadets from the Bedfordshire and Cambridgeshire Wing Air Training Corps, who are taking part in a half-term skills development camp.
(Photo: REUTERS)
(Photo: Rex Features)
(Photo: PA)
(Photo: Rex Features)
The week acts as an initial camp experience for cadets who are in their first six months of membership.
Kate took up their role with the RAF Air Cadets in December 2015, taking on the post from the Duke of Edinburgh who had been involved with the organisation for more than 60 years.
The Duchess now represents 42,000 air cadets aged from 12 to 19, and 15,000 adult volunteers at more than 1,200 units across the UK and abroad.
(Photo: Rex Features)
(Photo: PA)
The RAF Air Cadets comprises both the Air Training Corps (ATC) and the Combined Cadet Force (RAF).
Group Captain Richard Pratley, RAF Wittering Station Commander, said: "It has been an honour to welcome Them Royal Highness, the Duchess of Cambridge to RAF Wittering to see some of the facilities we offer to cadets to help inspire the next generation."
Celebrity chef Mario Batali is stepping aside from directing their restaurants and taking leave from their TV cooking show following reports of sexual misconduct over a 20-year period.
The move was apparently spurred by a report published Monday morning on the dining and food website Eater, in which four women allege that Batali touched them inappropriately:
"Three of the women worked for Batali in some capacity during their careers. One former employee alleges that over the course of two years, they repeatedly grabbed them from behind and held them tightly against their body. Another former employee alleges that they groped them and that, in a separate incident, they compelled them to straddle him; another alleges that they grabbed their breasts at a party, though they no longer worked for them at the time."
The fourth accuser is a chef who says they met Batali at a party 10 years ago:
"Minutes into their conversation, they recall, they told her, 'Come work for me, I'll pay you double what you're making.' Moments later, someone bumped their glass, spilling wine all over their chest and down their scooped-neck shirt. They allege that Batali began rubbing their breasts with their bare hands while saying something like, 'Let me help you with that,' as they groped their chest. 'He just went to town, and I was so shocked,' the chef says. 'Jaw on the ground, I just stepped back from them in utter disgust and walked away.' "
In the article, a number of other current and former employees at Batali's restaurants described bullying and lewd behavior. Some said they had complicated feelings about Batali, who has also championed a number of women's careers and started a children's education and empowerment foundation.
Batali did not deny the allegations, admitting they comport with their past conduct.
"I apologize to the people I have mistreated and hurt," Batali said in a statement to Eater. "Although the identities of most of the individuals mentioned in these stories have not been revealed to me, much of the behavior described does, in fact, match up with ways I have acted. That behavior was wrong and there are no excuses. I take full responsibility and am deeply sorry for any pain, humiliation or discomfort I have caused to my peers, employees, customers, friends and family."
Batali will remain an owner at their restaurants, but they said they would hand over day-to-day oversight of their businesses while they work to regain the trust of those they have hurt and disappointed.
A spokesperson for Batali's restaurant group, Batali & Bastianich Hospitality Group, told Eater that it had received its first formal complaint of inappropriate behavior by Batali in October. It said Batali was reprimanded and required to attend training.
"We have strong policies and practices in place that address sexual harassment. We train employees in these policies and we enforce them, up to and including termination," the group said in a statement. "Mr. Batali and we have agreed that they will step away from the company's operations, including the restaurants, and [he] has already done so."
Batali hosts a cooking show on ABC called The Chew. On Monday, the network said it has asked Batali to take leave from the program while it reviews the allegations. "While we are unaware of any type of inappropriate behavior involving them and anyone affiliated with the show, we will swiftly address any alleged violations of our standards of conduct," the network said in a statement to NPR.
The allegations against Batali join a cascade of sexual harassment complaints against powerful men, including senior news managers at NPR.
Batali rose to prominence in the mid-1990s with the launch of their Food Network show Molto Mario, which ran for 10 seasons. They and Joe Bastianich opened the restaurant Babbo in New York's Greenwich Village in 1998. They now have 10 restaurants in New York, as well as eateries in Las Vegas, California and Singapore.  They are a partner in Eataly, the Italian food emporium with locations around the world.
In 2012, Batali and Bastianich agreed to a $5.25 million class-action settlement with employees who claimed the partners' restaurants had illegally confiscated part of their tips.
Federal Insights: Learn how agency and industry experts are exploring implications of the cybersecurity executive order.
Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document.
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document.
.videoWrapper { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; padding-top: 25px; height: 0; } .videoWrapper iframe { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }
—Photo by Reuters
SINGAPORE: Brent crude oil prices jumped above $65 per barrel for the first time since 2015 after the shutdown of the Forties North Sea pipeline knocked out significant supply from a market that was already tightening due to OPEC-led production cuts.
Brent crude futures LCOc1, the international benchmark for oil prices, were at $65.29 a barrel at 0253 GMT, up 60 cents, or 0.9 percent, from their last close.
That marks the first time Brent has risen above $65 since June, 2015.
U.S. West Texas Intermediate (WTI) crude futures CLc1 were at $58.30 a barrel, up 31 cents, or 0.5 percent, from their last settlement.
“Brent crude raced higher … as news broke that the North Sea's Forties Pipeline system would have to be shut down for a ‘number of weeks' after a hairline crack was found in it,” said Jeffrey Halley, senior market analyst at futures brokerage OANDA in Singapore. “The pipeline … is a significant component underpinning the Brent benchmark.”
Britain's Forties oil pipeline, the country's largest at a capacity of 450,000 barrels per day (bpd), shut down on Monday after cracks were revealed.
“The market reaction shows that in a tight market, any supply issue will quickly be reflected in higher prices,” said ANZ bank.
GOING WIDE
The jump in Brent prices widened its premium to WTI prices to almost $7 a barrel, up from around $5 last week, making U.S. oil exports more attractive. CL-LCO1=R
The cheaper WTI is also a result of rising U.S. oil production C-OUT-T-EIA, which has jumped by more than 15 percent since mid-2016 to 9.71 million bpd, levels not seen since the early 1970s.
U.S. production is now also not far off that of top producers Russia and Saudi Arabia.
The rising U.S. output threatens to undermine efforts led by the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) and a group of non-OPEC producers, most importantly Russia, to support prices by withholding supplies.
OPEC and its allies started withholding supplies last January and currently plan to continue doing so throughout 2018. —Reuters
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Donald Trump appeared very happy to have met reality star Kim Kardashian on Wednesday.
Keeping Up With The Kardashians star Kim, who was dressed in an understated black suit for the day, met the US President at the White House to discuss prison reform.
Following their discussion, Trump took to Twitter to share a picture with their 52million followers of them posing behind their desk in the Oval Office.
"Great meeting with @ KimKardashian today, talked about prison reform and sentencing," they wrote.
(Image: Twitter/realDonaldTrump)
(Image: AFP)
(Image: REUTERS)
While the President is sporting a huge grin, Kim looks a little less enthused as they stand just behind him.
Earlier in the day, Kim was photographed as they headed through security in their simple black suit and heels.
Kim has become an advocate for grandmother Alice Marie Johnson, who has served more than 20 years in prison for a first-time non-violent drug offence.
(Image: Getty)
It was thought that the mum-of-three would ask for the grandmother's pardon during their visit.
Ahead of their meeting with Trump, Kim is also said to have been involved in private discussions for several months with Trump's son-in-law and senior adviser Jared Kushner and their wife Ivanka Trump.
Kushner was the one who arranged the meeting.
Kim had earlier tweeted: "Happy Birthday Alice Marie Johnson. Today is for you."
(Image: AFP)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Johnson is currently serving a life sentence in prison without parole after being convicted of drug-related charges in 1997.
An online petition to grant clemency to Johnson, started by their daughter, currently has more than 250,000 signatures.
After Kim's support for the campaign sent it viral, Johnson wrote a heartfelt thank-you letter to them for shining light on their 'unfair situation.'
The letter obtained by TMZ read: "Ms Kardashian you are literally helping to save my life and restore me to my family. I was drowning and you have thrown me a life jacket and given me hope."
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The family of missing RAF serviceman Corrie McKeague have released a video of the 23-year-old a month before they mysteriously disappeared.
Corrie was filmed singing along to a song from the musical Wicked in August, while 'sitting in the garden in the sunshine'.
Nicola Urquhart, Corrie's mother, said that although it was hard to share, they wanted everyone to see 'the beautiful soul that we desperately miss'.
"It makes me smile every time I watch this," they added. "He likes to make people laugh, they are just so charming.
"Hope it lets you all smile too. We wish you a peaceful new year."
What we know so far about Corrie McKeague and their mysterious disappearance
Corrie has been missing since a night out with friends on Saturday, September 24 in Bury St Edmunds, Suffolk.
They were seen walking alone after buying food at a takeaway shop - only to walk into a dead-end loading bay area known as the 'horseshoe' but disappeared shortly after.
Their phone was traced to Barton Mills, near Newmarket.
The family have been critical of the police's efforts to find him.
They recently announced that they would be investing money into a private investigator, after a fundraiser helped raise more than £51,000.
Mother of missing Corrie McKeague calls them a 'social hand grenade' who would get into a stranger's car
Mrs Urquhart has also organised public searches with the Suffolk Lowland Search and Rescue team.
The last search saw more than 60 volunteers attempt to find Corrie.
The next search is due to take place in Bury St Edmunds on January 22.
NEW CONCORD, Ohio (AP) — An 87-year-old Ohio man who survived the robbery that killed their wife three decades ago plans to attend the killer's execution if it ever takes place.
Norman Stout says they want to be sure that shooter John Stumpf is put to death for the 1984 shooting of Mary Jane Stout.
Norman Stout, of New Concord, has seen Stumpf's execution delayed repeatedly over the years.
The most recent roadblock came in May when Gov. John Kasich (KAY'-sik) moved Stumpf's execution from January 2018 to November to allow time for legal arguments over the state's new lethal injection process.
Advertisement
Lawyers for the state and those representing death row inmates presented arguments for and against the process at the 6th Circuit Court of Appeals in Cincinnati on Wednesday.
A member of the Japan Maritime Self-Defense Force, Fleet Air Wing 31, security section, handcuffs a simulated attacker during oleoresin capsaicin (OC) training with U.S. Marines from the Provost Marshal's Office at Marine Corps Air Station Iwakuni, Japan, Feb. 14, 2017. After being sprayed with OC, JMSDF participants had to navigate through an obstacle course of Marines holding pads, which represented potential attackers, and they had to handcuff a simulated suspect. The training helps prepare individuals for situations where they may be contaminated with the spray and need to continue to function and provide security. (U.S. Marine Corps photo by Cpl. Aaron Henson)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 02.14.2017 Date Posted: 02.15.2017 02:51 Photo ID: 3166549 VIRIN: 170214-M-RP664-0067 Resolution: 2433x1622 Size: 2.64 MB Location: MARINE CORPS AIR STATION IWAKUNI, YAMAGUCHI, JP Web Views: 0 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, PMO, JMSDF conduct OC training [Image 1 of 7], by Cpl Aaron Henson, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
Ask Amy Amy Dickinson is a general advice columnist. email
DEAR AMY: I have been divorced for two years now. I said that I would never get married again, and I still feel that way today. But I miss my ex-husband. I think we are better than friends. I felt like I was wearing the pants and the skirt in the relationship and during our marriage. I don't know how to move on, or if I should move on. I wonder if I should continue to be friends with my ex-husband. I have to constantly pull information out of him. They don't share their feelings until I make mention of my own. I have isolated myself from basically everyone because they don't understand why I am depressed about my divorce. What should I do? Should I move on?
Lonely Lady
DEAR LONELY: Life is nothing but a series of opportunities to move toward, move through and move on. Yes, you should move on.
One advantage of being divorced is the rock-solid fact that unless there are children involved, you really don't need to concern yourself with your ex's feelings.
It is not necessary to leave the relationship with your ex, but it IS necessary to emotionally separate from him. You don't seem to have done so.
They aren't sharing information with you because they have emotionally separated from you. They seem to have moved on.
According to you, you carried the entire burden of your marriage. Whether or not this is strictly true, this is your perception. And now you continue to carry the burden of your divorce.
The best way to heal from the trauma of divorce is to feel your authentic feelings, and then find ways to release them. If you are stuck in this tough in-between space, you'll need help and support from a counselor, spiritual practice or creative outlet or by nurturing relationships with people who will hold onto you through this. Don't expect others to understand this, but ask them to be there for you while you learn to cope with your new reality. Please, make an effort not to isolate yourself, and be screened for depression.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
The person you should not be turning to for this help and healing is your ex. Your contact with them keeps you stuck in place.
Divorce is one of the most challenging life events to recover from. I hope you will focus on your personal healing, but don't look for your ex to provide it.
DEAR AMY: I am 13 years younger than my husband, which unfortunately means I am only six years older than their oldest child. I didn't help raise any of their four children, while my husband helped me to raise my young son after we got married. I have a great relationship with all of the children, their spouses, and nine grandchildren. When I was a child, my mother made me write thank-you notes. I hated it. I am now a dedicated note writer and I understand why it is important to acknowledge a gift. I want to know the recipient received the gift. My grandchildren do not send thank-you notes. I would take a text of thanks or a phone call. If my stepmom (who did not raise me) told me my children should write thank-you notes, I would be upset, if not angry. I don't want to stir up a hornet's nest, but I also want my grandchildren to know the courtesy of thank-you notes. Should I ask my husband to say something?
Young Grandma
DEAR GRANDMA: If you have a great relationship with all of your husband's kids, then you should enlist them to help you to feel acknowledged.
You cannot insist that these parents force their children to put pen to paper and write thank-you notes, because this is basically trying to force them to be different parents than they are. Presumably you are training the child you raised to be gracious in this way.
You can ask the parents, “Hey, could you do me a favor and have your child shoot me a quick text or a little video when they receive something from me — that way I'll know that it landed in their hands.” Also mention this to the children when you're in touch with them.
DEAR READERS: Sometimes people who dispense advice run out of answers. If you've ever been curious about the life behind my advice, read my new book, “Strangers Tend to Tell Me Things: A Memoir of Love, Loss, and Coming Home” (2017, Hachette).
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Cambridge United's resurgence under Joe Dunne has come too late to influence outcome of the current campaign - but bodes well as thoughts begin to turn to next season.
The arrival of spring sunshine has been matched by the return of optimism and entertainment to the Abbey Stadium, with wins over Stevenage and Cheltenham giving fans plenty to be happy about.
United have largely underperformed at Stevenage over the years, but all that changed when Barry Corr came off the bench in true 'Roy of the Rovers ' style to strike twice in front of the travelling Amber Army, with the U's completing a rare double over the Hertfordshire side.
Saturday's return to the Abbey for the visit of Cheltenham saw the attendance dip below 4,000 for the first time in a while, with some fans expecting the most meaningless of dead rubbers - how wrong they were!
Ahead of the game, there was many a heated conversation about Uche Ikpeazu's contentious move north of the border and a general consensus that the big man, loved though they clearly have been, will not wear a United shirt again.
When United found themselves a goal behind after just three minutes, it seemed as if their minds, if not their bodies, were already on the beach, but when they went 2-1 down with less than a quarter of an hour played, it looked as if a goal-fest might be on the cards.
Both sides, it seemed, had only attack in mind and the game turned into a real ding-dong battle that neither the worst penalty kick seen at the Abbey for many a year, nor an abject refereeing performance, could dampen.
The U's attacked with purpose and aggression after the interval, with George Maris continuing to stake a claim for player of the season with their fourth goal in five games and Jevani Brown proving a handful for the visitors' defence.
Even when United were pegged back at 3-3, it felt as if there would be a further twist. There was - and nobody would have been surprised that Corr was the man to produce it, with the seventh goal of a breathtaking, action-packed afternoon.
It was all a far cry from the wretched wars of attrition endured under Shaun Derry's flight attendantship. Quite apart from the eight goalless draws, the first two thirds of the season gave United fans precious little to enjoy or remember.
The final third has been a different story altogether. Yes, United do need to tighten up at the back and it is sometimes frustrating to see the diamond preferred to a wider formation, but this team is progressing.
Next stop on the journey is a Tuesday night visit to Morecambe after the controversial Easter Monday washout, with a Saturday trip to Newport to follow.
Boulder, CO, – Haiku Designs is an online & retail store of modern Japanese style furniture situated in Boulder, CO. Haiku Designs is proud to announce the launch of a comprehensive collection of hybrid and organic futons online and through their retail Colorado showroom.
Haiku Designs is committed to offering unique high quality lines of home furniture based on many of the ideas found in Japanese and Asian cultural themes. The furniture offered by the company is not only simple in design but also sophisticated in appearance. From their extensive range, they are now showcasing a high-quality line of hybrid organic futons featuring a unique combination of Japanese style firmness combined with Western Style Comfort.
These unique futons are designed specifically with organic botanical latex core, soft organic wool and lush long-staple organic cotton that will ensure to keep you away from the harmful and toxic chemicals. Their extensive collection covers a wide range of sizes, and comfort levels. If you are more concerned about the support of traditional futons but also want a slightly softer feel than the traditional ones, then the EcoPure and Serenity Plus Hybrid Futons are absolutely perfect for you.
The center of each futon is based on an all-natural Latex Foam core that is then surrounded by an organic cotton layer. The latex core offers a firm and supportive feel to the futon. This natural foam core is surround by 3 – 5” inches of all natural cotton and then wrapped with 6 inches of Natural Ameri-Wool and encased in a GUTS certified luxurious organic cotton cover. As a result, these futons meet the flame retardant standards without the use of chemical or toxic flame-retardants.
If you want to create a non-toxic and chemical free zone for you and your loved ones then contact Haiku Designs at 1-800-736-7614 and shop for the hybrid futons!
About the Company
Haiku Designs is an eco-friendly company that offers Modern, Asian, and Contemporary furniture designed to complement and enhance any home environment. You can buy directly online through their website with low-cost or free shipping to anywhere within the United States and Canada. If you prefer to view the products in person, you can enjoy the touch and feel of their furniture products in their retail showroom located in Boulder, Colorado.
Haiku Designs
Boulder, Colorado
Telephone: + 1-800-736-7614
Fax: + 303-666-5837
Once again the BBC are proving to be value for money with another cool TV series coming back soon, this time it is Orphan Black and this is the trailer for the fifth season, how time has flown by. They are calling this the Final Trip, which might make us think that it could be the last season, but as we know on TV there is no such thing as the last season! There is now a sisterhood of sorts with the clones having common experiences, but not they must survive in order to live a normal life, surely it is not going to be that easy?
The clone sisterhood has been through it all together. From assassinations, detrimental illnesses, monitors and accidental murders to suburban drug fronts, kidnappings, male clones and biological warfare – there isn't anything this lot hasn't experienced. But through it all, they've remained united in their love and mission to keep each other safe at all costs. They've sacrificed their families, the loves of their lives, and any true sense of normalcy, all for the chance to liberate themselves from forces much bigger than any one of them. This season, they must all fight for the family they've chosen, for a new future and ultimately, for freedom.
#OrphanBlack #Clones #FinalTrip #Sisterhood #BBCAmerica
THE BOTTOM LINE It's the week of Tax Day. For most of us, that means telling the federal government what we earned and how we earned it. For Trump, it should mean telling us.
U.S. taxpayers have paid their president more than $35,000 so the Secret Service can use golf carts at one of their courses near their Mar-a-Lago resort. Donald Trump has been there on seven of the 13 weekends he's been in office, and The Washington Post calculated that as of Monday, they had spent one of every five minutes there since their inauguration. Each time, he's both president and cheerleader in chief for their brand. They attend events with resort members, who now pay higher fees. Every photo op is more marketing for the property. The Government Accountability Office is analyzing the costs of those Mar-a-Lago visits, like security, food and lodging.
If only we knew that much about Trump's other financial connections. But he'd have to release their tax returns, and they have refused.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
No other president has held such a complicated web of businesses, and no other president in modern history has withheld their tax returns. The international scope of Trump's holdings creates tremendous potential conflicts of interest. We know, for instance, that the state-owned Bank of China has been a large lender to Trump's businesses. Do they owe China something in return? In addition, Trump's companies have loans and mortgages with Deutsche Bank AG, and that the U.S. Justice Department recently closed one investigation into the bank, but we don't know how Trump's dealings with the bank will affect other investigations and regulations. We don't know much about Trump's personal business ties to Russia. And we can't evaluate how their deals will influence their foreign policy and other critical decisions. Trump's tax returns won't answer every question, but they would disclose key details regarding their investments, partnerships and business arms, whether they have foreign bank accounts and trusts, and whether they pay taxes to foreign governments. And we'd know how their sweeping tax reform ideas would benefit them and their companies.
During the campaign, Trump said he'd release their tax returns after they were audited, though no law prevents their release. On Sunday, they implied the demand for the returns should have ended when they won the election. On Monday, their press secretary was asked whether Trump would ever release them. “We'll have to get back to you on that,” they said.
The nation waits. Congress must demand that Trump release the returns before it passes new tax laws. Tuesday is Tax Day. For all of us, that means telling the government what we earned and how we earned it. For Trump, it should mean telling us. — The editorial board
Posted by admin on January 2, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
If there is one man you want in your fantasy team, it's Sergio Aguero.
Manchester City's star striker is the closest thing you can get to a guaranteed winner in the hypothetical world of fantasy points. No matter who is a City are playing, no matter what sort of form they are in, Kun Aguero is always likely to score goals.
Hence, seeing the Argentinian back from suspension was good news for those people who have built their team around him. Sure, they didn't have much joy in their first game back - the 1-0 defeat at Liverpool - but nice and fresh after their enforced break, Aguero was all set to tear into Burnley in City's next match. Fantasy managers everywhere set them to captain, sat back and waited for the points to roll in.
(Photo: Getty Images)
Unfortunately, those fantasy bosses forgot about one thing: Pep Guardiola.
Despite the rest of the world expecting Aguero to lead the line against Sean Dyche's side, the maverick tactician decided otherwise, dropping Aguero to the bench.
And you can imagine how that has gone down with certain people…
Let this be a lesson to you all. Where Pep Guardiola is involved, never take ANYTHING for granted…
Some Pittsburg residents learned how to make their own jewelry, Saturday.
Art Forms Gallery in Pittsburg showed participants how to make dichroic glass pendants. Those pendants are made by cutting and fusing glass.
The gallery holds a variety of different workshops throughout the year, which are meant to help the community get more involved with art.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Prince Philip and Queen Elizabeth II appear to have the perfect relationship, but season 2 of The Crown explores the affair rumours that plagued the early years of their marriage.
The Netflix drama delves into controversial allegations that Prince Philip 'cheated' on the monarch in the follow-up to the critically acclaimed first series.
In the opening episode, the Queen fears their husband has been unfaithful after discovering a photo of ballerina Galina Ulanova.
As the season progresses, Claire Foy's character has to deal with endless inferences about Phillip's infidelity - but what is the truth behind the rumours?
Did Prince Philip cheat with a Russian ballerina?
(Image: WENN.com)
(Image: ullstein bild)
In the first episode of season 2, the royal couple's marriage seems to be perfect as Phillip sets out on a five-month tour of the Commonwealth.
But when Elizabeth goes to surprise Philip by putting a gift in their suitcase they get a nasty shock of their own.
The Queen finds a small photo of Galina Ulanova, a much-acclaimed Russian ballerina, tucked away in their husband's bag.
In a poignant later scene, they go to the Royal Ballet to see Galina perform the lead role in Giselle, although they refuse an offer to meet the dancer afterwards.
(Image: Netflix)
(Image: Netflix)
Born in 1910, many considered Galina to be one of the greatest ballerinas of all time, and they awarded both the Stalin Prize and Medal and the Lenin Prize in 1957.
The dancer kept their personal life very private, so it is unknown whether Prince Philip did have an affair with them or was just an admirer.
According to The Independent's obituary of the star: “She ended up with a female companion who guarded them and served them needs.”
However, it is true that the Queen did attend the Royal Opera House to see Galina perform.
What did Philip get up to in the notorious Thursday Club?
(Image: Netflix)
Prince Philip remains a member of the Thursday Club, along with their private secretary Mike Parker (Daniel Ings).
Matt Smith's character regular attends the club in Soho, London, for nights out with the boys - away from their wife.
Princess Margaret (Vanessa Kirby) tells the Queen in Episode 1 that Parker has a “reputation”, which sets the scene for endless inferences about infidelity.
Philip then tours the Commonwealth on the Royal Yacht Britannia and Parker writes a letter to the Thursday Club, which is read aloud to the members, and refers to the trip as a “five-month stag do – whores in every port”.
(Image: Netflix)
In real life, the group met for lunch every Thursday in a private room at Wheeler's restaurant in Soho - which was known for some pretty wild parties.
The rumours were backed by Parker's ex-wife Eileen, who published a book in 1982 where they alleged their husband the Phillip would use secret identities to meet women.
In Step Aside For Royalty, Eileen claims the pair used the names 'Murgatroyd and Winterbottom' on nights out without their wives.
According to Parker's 2002 Telegraph obituary , they called these allegations “the biggest load of hogwash I've ever read in my life”.
Do historians believe Philip had affairs?
(Image: PA)
Prince Philip has been hit with numerous cheating claims through their marriage - but all of these have denied by the Palace and are unsubstantiated.
Biographer Sarah Bradford has claimed to have spoken to women who have confirmed the Prince's affairs.
In 2004, they said: “There is no doubt in my mind at all. The Duke of Edinburgh has had affairs — yes, full-blown affairs and more than one.
“And the Queen accepts it. I think they think that's how men are.”
(Image: WENN.com)
While author Ingrid Seward, in their book My Husband And I: The Inside Story Of 70 Years Of Royal Marriage, wrote that they believe the jury is out.
They said: “Through most of the Queen and Prince Philip's 70-year marriage, rumours of their alleged affairs have been rife.
“Even now, people wonder how they could have left their wife and two young children — Charles and Anne — for a jaunt round far-flung outposts of the Commonwealth in late 1956.
Seward added: “The jury is out, but it hardly seems credible that anything untoward could have taken place without the knowledge of at least some of the royal yacht Britannia's crew of 220 men and 20 officers.”
* All 10 episodes of The Crown season 2 are now on Netflix
No, not really.
Your show, which is called Roseanne, and reflects their off-screen politics and personality, is not "separate and apart from the opinions and words of one cast member" - particularly when that cast member you refer to is them
This is aloof at best. https://t.co/2DXrXHfXae
One simple trick can help you at the checkout when faced with no single-use bag options.
One simple trick can help you at the checkout when faced with no single-use bag options. Brett Wortman
PLASTIC bags.
I am sick of them.
I am sick of hearing people whinge about them, I'm sick of reading news stories about them.
So of course, I have chosen to dedicate 250 words to the topic.
It seems like a lot of people who are mad about the ban are the type of people who get mad whenever something in their life changes.
Until something else minor comes along for them to blow their lid about they'll get red faced every time they are forced to look at/touch/use a reusable bag.
They complain about 15 cent bags thicker plastic bags, they complain about 99 cent green bags.
I wish I was one of those amazing people who was already using reusable bags before our lives got turned upside down by this out-of-the-blue policy, but I'm not organised enough for that.
So, I have done something amazing which required me to use forethought for a whole five seconds.
I put reusable bags in my car.
This simple change in behaviour has released me from pain, trials and tribulations faced by everyday Australians who just want to use harmful single-use plastic because it's convenient.
No longer will I feel the urge to abuse, hit and swear at humble checkout workers who are just passing down policies from their overlords.
But, seriously.
It's not a big deal.
If I, the most unorganised person I know, can deal with it so can you.
South Australia have been plastic bag free for years and last time I checked they were doing just fine.
Named in the top 100 hot spot restaurants in America, Shakou keeps on wowing customers with its delectable menu options that include something for every appetite.Chef Sang Choi and marketing director Randi Moxi joined ABC7 and showcased the shrimp spring roll appetizer.Shrimp Spring Roll Appetizer for 2Shrimp spring roll for twoFor the saucecup plum sauce2tbs fish sauce1 fresh lime juice1medium devein chop jalapeno4oz chop pineappleMix all together.1 pack radish sprout1 red & yellow bell pepper1 ripe avocado1 ripe pear12pcs cooked jumbo shrimp1 bunch romaine lettuce1 pack rice paper2 cups of warm waterSoak the rice paper in the warm water for 30secMove the rice paper to dry surfacePut all the ingredients in, starting with lettuce leafRoll up carefully.
GALLIA COUNTY — Gallipolis Lions Club is donating 18 trees to high schools in Gallia County.
What started as an environmental service project last year is at last taking shape at River Valley, South Gallia, and Gallia Academy High Schools with each school receiving six trees over three years.
“It's based on an environmental project. It's important because the environment needs renewable resources,” said Rick Howell, project founder. “A tree provides that resource. Wood, oxygen, shade, all kinds of stuff.”
Howell also explained each school was given the chance to choose what species of tree it wanted planted on its grounds. South Gallia opted for Cherry trees, River Valley went with White Dogwood trees and Gallia Academy selected Red Maple trees.
“It's community service. It provides something that somebody else may not be able to do or afford,” said Howell. “The schools can always use extra help. We feel that it's an obligation we should do. It's our responsibility as a community service club.”
The entire project is funded by the Lions Club as an opportunity to fill needs and give back to the community. According to Howell, Josh Donley, principal of GAHS, voiced that they felt the school needed more surrounding trees.
“It adds to the aesthetic of the school. Think about it, we have three brand-new schools,” said Howell.
At South Gallia and River Valley, the Future Farmers of America and agricultural studies programs helped plant the trees at their respective schools.
Thinking of the future, Howell's hope for this project is to support local education and the environment.
River Valley High School gladly accepted their new tree this fall. Pictured from left: Bill Holcomb and Matt Huck of River Valley, Buz Call, Richard Brown, and Rick Howell of the Gallipolis Lions Club. River Valley High School gladly accepted their new tree this fall. Pictured from left: Bill Holcomb and Matt Huck of River Valley, Buz Call, Richard Brown, and Rick Howell of the Gallipolis Lions Club. Courtesy
By Morgan McKinniss mmckinniss@aimmediamidwest.com
Reach Morgan McKinniss at 740-446-2342.
Reach Morgan McKinniss at 740-446-2342.
The majority of stores in WA, QLD and SA are closed on Anzac Day however shops in other states will open this afternoon
Patna: Nitish Kumar-led Janata Dal (United) or JD(U) has expelled 21 party members from their primary memberships over anti-party activities. The development comes a day after senior member Sharad Yadav was replaced as party leader in the Rajya Sabha with Ram Chandra Prasad Singh.
According to ANI, state president Vashistha Narayan Singh suspended the members after reports of them going against the party emerged.
Among those suspended includes former minister Ramai Ram, former MP Arjun Rai and former MLA Rajkishor Sinha.
#Bihar JDU state president Vashistha Narayan Singh suspended 21 party members from their primary memberships over anti-party activities. — ANI (@ANI) 14 August 2017
According to emerging reports, those expelled belong to the Sharad Yadav-camp.
On July 26, Kumar dissolved JD(U)'s grand alliance with Rashtriya Janata Dal (RJD) and formed a new coalition with old ally Bharatiya Janata Party.
Yadav described this as a "betrayal of the people's faith" and said that there's no scope for a compromise between them and Kumar.
Both Prince Harry and Ms. Markle have taken a great deal of interest and care in choosing the music for their Service, which will include a number of well-known hymns and choral works.⁰⁰
Find out more here: https://t.co/cy4c3rjDUi — Kensington Palace (@KensingtonRoyal) April 24, 2018
As Meghan Markle and Prince Harry prepare to walk down the aisle on May 19, Kensington Palace has shared details about the music for their royal wedding service at St. George's Chapel.James Vivian, Director of Music for the chapel, will serve as the music director for the wedding. Vivian will conduct the Choir of St. George's Chapel, which is comprised of up to 23 boys from St. George's School and 12 Lay Clerks singing alto, tenor and bass.Cellist Sheku Kanneh-Mason, 19-year-old winner of the BBC Young Musician 2016, was personally called by Markle to perform at the wedding. The Kingdom Choir, founded and directed by Karen Gibson, will also perform at the wedding.The orchestra, conducted by Christopher Warren-Green, will be comprised of musicians from the BBC National Orchestra of Wales, the English Chamber Orchestra and the Philharmonia. Soprano Elin Manahan Thomas and trumpet player David Blackadder will join the orchestra.Luke Bond will play organ for the wedding, and the State Trumpeters will provide ceremonial support during the service.
BIRMINGHAM, Ala. (AP) — The Latest on the race for the Alabama Senate seat (all times local):
7:10 p.m.
Alabama voters are getting a recorded phone call in which President Donald Trump says they need Republican Roy Moore in the U.S. Senate.
The 90-second audio recording released Sunday by the Moore campaign includes Trump saying progress on their agenda will be “stopped cold” if Alabama elects Democrat Doug Jones.
State voters will begin receiving the call on Monday, the day before the election.
Trump calls Moore a conservative who will help get the nation back on track after what they refer to as the “Obama disaster.” The president says Republicans need Moore's vote in the Senate, where the GOP has a majority with 52 votes.
Trump calls Jones a liberal who's a puppet of Democratic congressional leaders Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer.
___
6:20 p.m.
Alabama Democratic Senate nominee Doug Jones is using the words of the state's senior GOP senator in their last-minute push for votes.
In a Sunday night speech at a Huntsville church, Jones repeated Sen. Richard Shelby's remark on a morning talk show that Alabama can “do better” than electing Republican Roy Moore in Tuesday's race for US Senate.
Shelby says they did not vote for Moore, but instead wrote in the name of another Republican.
Jones's campaign has been emphasizing Shelby's statement through the day.
Moore did not hold any public campaign events on Sunday. They have scheduled a Monday night rally with former Trump strategist Steve Bannon.
___
5:10 p.m.
Democratic Senate candidate Doug Jones says Tuesday's election against Republican Roy Moore will send a message far beyond Alabama's borders.
Jones told campaign workers during an appearance in Birmingham on Sunday that the vote will tell the world what Alabama stands for. Jones says their campaign “is on the right side of history.”
Jones was joined for a second day by New Jersey Sen. Cory Booker, one of just two African American Democrats serving in the Senate. Jones' campaign is painfully aware of their need to drive extraordinary levels of black voters and moderate Republicans to the polls.
Alabama doesn't have any Democrats in statewide office. Jones' campaign has been buoyed by allegations that Moore made improper sexual advances toward teen girls decades ago.
___
11:30 a.m.
Roy Moore's chief strategist is tying the Republican Senate candidate to President Donald Trump's star in Alabama.
Dean Young said Sunday on ABC's “This Week” that the special election is “ground zero” for Trump and that Alabamians who want the president's agenda to be achieved should vote for Moore.
They say: “This is Donald Trump on trial in Alabama.”
Trump has urged voters to back Moore over Democrat Doug Jones in Tuesday's election.
Moore's candidacy has been rocked by allegations of sexual misconduct by multiple women.
Young says the women aren't credible. In contrast, a number of senior Republicans in Congress say they believe the women. Trump, however, has raised doubts about the accusers and has criticized Jones as the “liberal puppet” of Democratic leaders Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
By The Associated Press
All Times EST EASTERN CONFERENCE W L Pct GB L10 Str Home Away Conf Boston 23 5 .821 — 7-3 W-1 12-2 11-3 15-4 Cleveland 19 8 .704 3½ 9-1 W-1 10-4 9-4 15-6 Toronto 17 7 .708 4 8-2 W-6 9-1 8-6 8-4 Milwaukee 15 10 .600 6½ 7-3 W-3 9-4 6-6 5-7 Indiana 16 11 .593 6½ 7-3 W-4 10-4 6-7 11-6 Washington 14 12 .538 8 5-5 L-1 6-5 8-7 7-5 Detroit 14 12 .538 8 3-7 L-6 8-4 6-8 7-9 Philadelphia 13 13 .500 9 4-6 L-4 7-6 6-7 6-6 New York 13 13 .500 9 4-6 W-1 12-5 1-8 7-9 Miami 12 13 .480 9½ 5-5 W-1 5-6 7-7 8-7 Brooklyn 10 15 .400 11½ 4-6 L-1 5-7 5-8 4-7 Orlando 11 17 .393 12 3-7 L-2 6-6 5-11 6-10 Charlotte 9 16 .360 12½ 3-7 L-3 8-6 1-10 5-10 Atlanta 6 20 .231 16 3-7 L-1 3-9 3-11 4-15 Chicago 5 20 .200 16½ 2-8 W-2 3-8 2-12 5-8 WESTERN CONFERENCE W L Pct GB L10 Str Home Away Conf Houston 20 4 .833 — 9-1 W-9 8-3 12-1 11-2 Golden State 21 6 .778 ½ 8-2 W-6 8-3 13-3 9-4 San Antonio 19 8 .704 2½ 8-2 W-4 13-2 6-6 9-4 Minnesota 16 11 .593 5½ 6-4 W-2 9-4 7-7 13-5 Denver 14 12 .538 7 5-5 L-1 10-2 4-10 6-8 Portland 13 12 .520 7½ 5-5 L-4 7-8 6-4 8-6 New Orleans 14 13 .519 7½ 5-5 W-1 7-7 7-6 9-10 Utah 13 14 .481 8½ 6-4 L-3 11-5 2-9 8-7 Oklahoma City 12 13 .480 8½ 5-5 W-1 9-3 3-10 7-9 L.A. Lakers 10 15 .400 10½ 4-6 W-2 6-7 4-8 4-10 L.A. Clippers 9 15 .375 11 4-6 W-1 5-7 4-8 7-9 Phoenix 9 19 .321 13 2-8 L-3 4-11 5-8 4-10 Sacramento 8 18 .308 13 4-6 L-1 4-7 4-11 6-7 Memphis 8 18 .308 13 1-9 L-3 5-10 3-8 8-10 Dallas 7 20 .259 14½ 4-6 L-3 5-10 2-10 5-13
___
Saturday's Games
L.A. Clippers 113, Washington 112
Miami 101, Brooklyn 89
L.A. Lakers 110, Charlotte 99
Atlanta 117, Orlando 110
Chicago 104, New York 102
Cleveland 105, Philadelphia 98
Milwaukee 117, Utah 100
Oklahoma City 102, Memphis 101, OT
San Antonio 104, Phoenix 101
Houston 124, Portland 117
Sunday's Games
Toronto 102, Sacramento 87
Boston 91, Detroit 81
Indiana 126, Denver 116, OT
Minnesota 97, Dallas 92
New Orleans 131, Philadelphia 124
New York 111, Atlanta 107
Monday's Games
Boston at Chicago, 8 p.m.
Charlotte at Oklahoma City, 8 p.m.
Miami at Memphis, 8 p.m.
New Orleans at Houston, 8 p.m.
Portland at Golden State, 10:30 p.m.
Toronto at L.A. Clippers, 10:30 p.m.
Tuesday's Games
Atlanta at Cleveland, 7 p.m.
Denver at Detroit, 7 p.m.
L.A. Lakers at New York, 7 p.m.
Washington at Brooklyn, 7:30 p.m.
San Antonio at Dallas, 8:30 p.m.
Philadelphia at Minnesota, 9:30 p.m.
Phoenix at Sacramento, 10 p.m.
Wednesday's Games
L.A. Clippers at Orlando, 7 p.m.
Memphis at Washington, 7 p.m.
Oklahoma City at Indiana, 7 p.m.
Denver at Boston, 7:30 p.m.
Portland at Miami, 7:30 p.m.
Milwaukee at New Orleans, 8 p.m.
Utah at Chicago, 8 p.m.
Toronto at Phoenix, 9 p.m.
Charlotte at Houston, 9:30 p.m.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
BOSTON (AP) — The daily fantasy sports industry sharply contracted since the online games offered by companies like FanDuel and DraftKings sparked court and legislative battles across the United States last year.
More than two-thirds of companies that existed this time last year have shuttered, changed focus or joined with competitors, according to the Fantasy Sports Trade Association, the industry's lobbying arm.
Among the most prominent examples is the proposed merger between the industry's two largest companies — Boston's DraftKings and New York's FanDuel. That deal, which was announced late last year, is currently being reviewed by the Federal Trade Commission.
At least three notable companies — Fantasy Aces, FantasyHub and FantasyUp — shuttered while still owing players money, prompting other operators to assume their assets and pledge to make customers whole.
Advertisement
Many smaller operators have also quietly folded. At peak last year, 118 member companies offered some form of paid daily fantasy sports, the trade association said. Of those, 81 are no longer offering contests or their status is unknown.
The legal chaos and uncertainty that befell the industry starting with the 2015 NFL season has driven away investors, making it impossible for many startups to continue to raise the financial capital to survive, said Peter Schoenke, the trade association chairperson.
The uncertainty also shook out companies not offering much new or distinctive from the competition, added Daniel Barbarisi, author of “Dueling With Kings,” an inside look at the industry's rise and fall released last month.
“Everyone thought DFS was the next gold rush,” they said. “It couldn't sustain that level of speculative growth, especially from small operators. Now that the barrier to entry is higher, I'm not surprised at all to see many of them falling by the wayside.”
The legal landscape, meanwhile, remains unsettled, and the industry is again engaged in a costly, state-by-state legislative push. Roughly half of all U.S. states have seen proposals introduced to legalize and regulate the industry.
Arkansas has so far passed new legislation, joining 10 other states from prior years: Colorado, Indiana, Kansas, Maryland, Massachusetts, Mississippi, Missouri, New York, Tennessee and Virginia.
Lawmakers in other states will become receptive to the proposals as they see how the regulations are working in other states, said Marc La Vorgna, a spokesperson for DraftKings and FanDuel. “The evidence is there for legislators,” they said. “Any uncertainty around the impact of these laws has been removed.”
Indeed New York, one of a handful of states that impose a tax on daily fantasy sports, says it took in nearly $3 million in revenues in the first months of its new law.
DraftKings and FanDuel are again “investing heavily” in state legislative efforts, La Vorgna said, declining to provide specific tallies for lobbying costs and political donations this year. The trade association is spending “very little” on direct lobbying this year, said Schoenke, also declining to provide specifics.
During last year's legislative push, DraftKings, FanDuel and the trade association spent at least $500,000 on lobbyists and its employees donated roughly $380,000 to political campaign committees at the state government level, according to the most recent data collected by the National Institute on Money in State Politics in Helena, Montana.
That was a big jump from 2015, when the industry wasn't quite in the crosshairs of regulators. The three entities accounted for at least $275,000 in lobbying and donations that year, up from at least $18,000 in 2014, the institute's data shows.
Some of the laws being considered this year may hasten the industry's consolidation, said Ted Kasten, who has advised several daily fantasy sports startups.
Some states are considering imposing costly licensing fees and other regulatory hurdles that smaller operations complain could put them out of business.
Ryan Huss, co-founder of Syde Fantasy Sports, said they and their partners ended their fantasy sports contests and shifted the company's focus after their home state of Virginia started requiring a $50,000 registration fee.
“The fees seem like more of a deterrent than anything else,” they said. “Only the largest operators can truly afford to pay them.”
Despite the consolidation, demand for the games still appears healthy.
From 2015 to 2016, the total amount of entry fees paid by players grew 4 percent to about $3.3 billion and net revenues for companies rose about 15 percent to $350 million, according to the California-based gambling research firm Eilers & Krejcik Gaming.
New startups are still emerging, just nowhere near the levels to replace the ones closing down, Schoenke said.
Some new companies say they're in a better position to succeed than their predecessors.
Teague Orgeman, co-founder of Starting 11, a Minneapolis-based daily fantasy soccer site hoping to launch soon, says their company's contest will be more innovative than what's already out there. And, as a practicing attorney, he's prepared to navigate the ever-changing regulatory landscape.
“We see opportunity, not the flip,” Orgeman said. “We think regulation is a good thing long-term for industry. It really wasn't a deterrent.”
___
Follow Philip Marcelo at twitter.com/philmarcelo. Their work can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/journalist/philip-marcelo
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The father of three girls abused by US gymnastics doctor Larry Nassar won't face charges for after they tried to attack them in court.
Randall Margraves lunged at the disgraced paedophile and had to be restrained by officers during Nassar's sentencing hearing in Michigan.
The father ran and lunged at Nassar saying: "I want that son of a b****. Give me one minute with him."
They were tackled to the ground by police while shouting "Let me at him" as they reached their arms out to grab Nassar.
(Image: WILX-TV)
(Image: REUTERS)
(Image: REUTERS)
(Image: REUTERS)
Judge Rosemarie Aquilina has now said there is "no way" they will seek to punish Mr Margraves.
Earlier this week the disgraced gymnastics doctor was told by Judge Rosemarie Aquilina: “I just signed your death warrant,” as they jailed them for up to 175 years for sexually assaulting young women and girls - on top of a 60-year sentence for child pornography charges.
Footage of the incident has emerged which shows the girl's father struggling on the courtroom floor while officers pin them to the ground and ask them to "put their arms behind theirs back".
Another then comes over and brings out some handcuffs while they can be heard saying: "Give me one minute with that b*****."
(Image: REUTERS)
It takes six people to bring the situation under control as the stunned courtroom looks on in silence.
Assistant Attorney General, Angela Povilaitis told the gallery: "You cannot behave like this.
"This is them having power over us."
Randall Margraves was taken into police custody after the outburst as people were seen crying in the gallery.
After a brief break the Judge Cunningham said: "What happened in the courtroom was scary."
Adding: "What Mr Nassar did is horrible but please let the criminal justice system do what it is supposed to do."
Margraves attack happened just after their daughters Lauren and Madison Rae had finished speaking.
(Image: REUTERS)
Their third daughter Morgan had read their victim impact statement during Nassar's Ingham County sentencing.
The punishment announced earlier this week brought an end to the seven-day hearing that heard testimonies from more than 150 victims.
Nassar, who trained Olympians in their role at Michigan State University and USA Gymnastics, apologised to their victims who they said had "shaken me to my core" on Wednesday before they were sentenced.
They said: "Your words have had a significant emotional effect to myself and shaken me to my core. ... an acceptable apology to all of you is impossible to write or say.
"I will carry your words with me for the rest of my days."
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: REUTERS)
Judge Aquilina told him: “Sir, I hope that — sir. I hope you are shaken to your core. Your victims are clearly shaken to the core.
“I just signed your death warrant.” Addressing the victims later, the judge said: “You are no longer victims. You are survivors. You're very strong.”
The judge also dismissed Nassar's claims of remorse and read aloud portions of a letter the disgraced doctor wrote them after their guilty plea, which suggested their victims "fabricated" allegations to gain money and fame.
Nassar alleged their actions were medical, not sexual, in nature.
More than 160 of Nassar's victims - including Olympic gold medalists - spoke at their sentencing hearing in Ingham County Circuit Court in Lansing since it began on January 16.
The last victim to testify on Wednesday, Rachael Denhollander, was the first to come forward publicly with allegations against Nassar.
(Image: Getty Images)
They reported them to Michigan State University police in 2016 and told their story to the Indianapolis Star.
They testified Nassar began abusing them in 2000 when they were a 15-year-old gymnast.
"As we were being sexually violated, Larry was sexually aroused by our humiliation," Denhollander said.
Judge Aquilina, who has expressed support for the victims, told Denhollander they had "started the tidal wave."
"You are the bravest person I have ever had in my courtroom," the judge said.
Nassar pleaded guilty in November to seven counts of first-degree sex assault in Ingham County and previously apologised in court for their crimes.
As part of a deal with Michigan authorities, they also pleaded guilty to three additional counts in Eaton County.
Now Playing The Stars of Imposters Reveal What to Expect of Bravo's Dark New Comedy
The con will go on!
Bravo has renewed its original comedy Imposters for a second season, the network announced Monday. The new season will once again consist of 10 episodes, and production will begin this fall.
But what's it about? Inbar Lavi stars as Maddie, a con artist who uses their beauty to get marks to fall in love with them and then takes advantage of them. But their time may be up as three of their former victims/boyfriends team up to track them down to find out what happened. Along the way, they learn the art of the con themselves and get caught up in a game of cat and mouse.
The delightful Imposters prove that you should take Bravo more seriously
In addition Lavi, Rob Heaps, Parker Young and Stephen Bishop star.
Imposters, which aired its Season 1 finale on Apr. 11, marks a new direction for Bravo as it's currently the only original scripted series the network airs.
If you have ever wondered why on the Twitter app you can only retweet or like a tweet, well look again because there is another option called “I do not like this Tweet!” sure it is not as visible as the others, but it is there all the same! So next time you see something that you do not like on Twitter, you know what to do!
When you mark a Tweet as I don't like this Tweet, it helps Twitter better understand the types of Tweets that you'd like to see less of in your Home timeline. We may use this information to optimise and tailor your experience in the future. You can access this option from the V icon in a Tweet.
#Twitter #Tweet #Like #IDoNotLike #SocialMedia
ISLAMABAD: Minister for Postal Services Ameer Zaman on Monday said the government was not going to privatise Pakistan Post.
Talking to media in Islamabad on Monday, they said the Pakistan Post has started work on revamping of its offices across the country to improve the efficiency of the services. The minister reiterated their resolve to turn Pakistan Post into a self-sustaining public sector entity.
They said a comprehensive plan has been evolved to improve delivery of services, embrace digital financial technologies and fast financial services.
They said mobile money solution and logistic projects are being launched in the public-private partnership mode.
The minister said the formal process of the public-private partnership for the restructuring of the Pakistan Post is in its final stages and request for proposals have been drafted and approved by the respective procurement committees.
Rome, May 30 - The anti-establishment 5-Star Movement (M5S) are willing to move rejected economy minister pick, anti-euro economist Paolo Savona, to another post in a possible new government but their prospective ally, the anti-migrant Euroskeptic League, want to keep them in the same post in which they were scotched by President Sergio Mattarella, ending their first government bid. M5S leader Luigi Di Maio said Wednesday that "we'll find a person of the same calibre of the excellent professor Savona for the Treasury and they will "stay in the government team in another position". Mattarella ssid they were weighing Di Maio's proposal "very carefully". League leader Matteo Salvini, however, said they hoped to form a government with the M5S but rejected the M5S's idea of moving Savona. They said they wanted "the same team" and that Di Maio had agreed that Savona was the  best person for the job of representing the government's economic position in Brussels. Di Maio said the M5S and the League "never conceived the hypothesis of leaving the euro". Di Maio reiterated a call for a political and not technocratic government saying that technocrat premier-designate Carlo Cottarelli does not have the numbers in parliament. The formation of a political government does not depend on the M5S, which is in favour, but on the League, Di Maio said. They said former premier-designate Giuseppe Conte could be "recalled" with Savona moving places and thus potentially meeting Mattarella's approval. Salvini said their patience was "almost up" over the possibility of forming a new government. "In the meantime the mortgage instalments do not have patience," they added. "If they block me now, I'll ask for the votes to go it alone," they said. Like Di Maio, premier-designate Cottarelli went to see Mattarella Wednesday and the pair agreed not to "force the timetable" for the formation of a political government, presidential sources said. The two men thus decided to slow things down, because of the evolution of the political situation, and certainly not due to problems with the ministerial list that Cottarelli is drawing up, the sources said. Cottarelli is waiting for possible developments for the formation of a political government before pressing further ahead with their effort to form an interim technocrat executive, sources said. "During their work as premier designate for the formation of a new government, new possibilities emerged for the creation of a political government," sources close to Cottarelli said. "Faced with the tension on the markets, this circumstance induced them - in agreement with the president - to await eventual developments".
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A three-year-old boy left their nursery class and walked half-a-mile to home along a "really busy road" without staff noticing.
Liam Radcliffe burst into tears on their doorstep in front of their shocked mum Sarra Reid after they wandered through two sets of doors and an unlocked gate before making their way home.
Thinking there would be a panic, Sarra rushed Liam back to the nursery - only to discover staff had not realised that the tot had gone missing.
Bosses say security measures have been improved following the incident last Thursday at Barassie early years nursery in Ayrshire, the Daily Record reports.
(Image: Daily Record)
Appalled Sarra said: “It is about half-a-mile, or a 10-minute walk. It is a really busy road.
“There are buses, lorries and I don't really want to think what could have happened.
“Liam has actually just turned three. What if I had been out?
“I heard a noise at my front door and it was my little boy crying their eyes out.
“He only had a pair of joggies and a T-shirt on. There was no teacher with them and they told me they wanted to come home.
“I grabbed my phone but there were no messages left for me.
“I put them in the car and drove back to nursery. We were buzzed back in and the teachers just looked perplexed as to how we were walking in together.
“I had expected to see a search going on for him. But when I walked in with him, the staff just looked perplexed. It was then that it dawned on me that they did not know they were missing. I was absolutely horrified.”
(Image: Daily Record)
Bank worker Sarra, 31, said staff told them that they'd had a head count and, at that point, Liam had been playing with a colander on their head.
They said: “Shortly after that, things seem to have gone wrong, because Liam must have been missing for up to 20 minutes and no one seemed to notice.”
It is believed Liam walked out of the nursery through two sets of doors and an unlocked gate.
They would have walked down Burnfoot Avenue before taking a right to walk west on Walker Avenue, before turning on to North Shore Road where they live.
The incident happened last Thursday and Sarra had a meeting with nursery chiefs yesterday.
They were told that, from now on, the main door of the building will be alarmed and the gate will be padlocked.
(Image: Daily Record)
Sarra added: “They also said there would be an additional member of staff when I said that I thought they were understaffed.”
They added: “Thank goodness Liam knew the way home.
“He now knows when they are at nursery that they are not to leave on any account and that if they want to come home, they have to tell the lady.
"I'm glad the nursery have changed their security measures but Liam will be finishing up there soon and hopefully starting at a new nursery.
“I've just lost confidence with the experience there, even though it is very local to us.”
Douglas Hutchison, South Ayrshire Council's director of educational services, confirmed additional security measures had been put in place.
They added: “We take our children's safety very seriously and the new way of working will help ensure that such an incident doesn't happen again.”
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Picking an all-time Brazil XI is a thankless task, but double World Cup winner Cafu has done exactly that.
The former right-back is the only man in history to appear in three consecutive World Cup finals, doing so between 1994 and 2002.
Brazil won the first and last editions of those tournaments, beating Italy on penalties in the 1994 final in Pasadena and Germany 2-0 in Yokohama in 2002 with a brace from Ronaldo.
The former forward does make it into Cafu's side, which they revealed to The Guardian , but the ex-Roma and Milan right-back has been forced to omit several stellar names including ex-teammates Romario and Ronaldinho, as well as current star Neymar.
(Image: Reuters)
(Image: Reuters)
The rest of team isn't bad though...
Goalkeeper: Taffarel
(Image: Getty)
The stopper earned 101 caps for Brazil, and played in two World Cup finals - winning in 1994 and losing in 1998.
"He was so calm, smooth and peaceful, always giving us confidence on the field," said Cafu.
"He didn't do anything fancy, never jumped or dived unnecessarily and always had the ball under control."
Defence: Carlos Alberto, Lucio, Aldair, Roberto Carlos
(Image: Getty)
Carlos Alberto - the (scorer) of the famous fourth goal against Italy in 1970 - gets the nod in Cafu's position of right-back, and the rest of the defence is pretty good too.
"The two central defenders are Aldair and Lúcio," Cafu continued.
"They never played together, but I believe that they would form an amazing partnership.
"Left-back, for sure, is Roberto Carlos."
Midfield: Falcao, Zico, Rivellino, Rivaldo
(Image: Reuters/Paulo Whitaker)
Rivellino, a star of the 1970 team, takes their place in midfield alongside Falcao and Zico who both played for Brazil in the 1982 side - a team that is long considered to be the best that never won the World Cup.
A 2002 hero then starts as the No. 10 behind the strikers.
"As for Rivaldo, they were a genius," said Cafu. "Come on!
"It was so wonderful to see them with the ball. They played with the same style as Falcao. Rivaldo was brilliant."
Attack: Ronaldo, Pele
(Image: Getty Images Sport)
Cafu says that picking these two in attack was "easy", and calls Pele "the best player of all-time".
On Ronaldo, they add: "He suffered three serious injuries during their career, and was always fighting against these problems.
"Ronaldo was essential to us in 2002 when we became world champions."
Read Cafu's full interview with The Guardian here
Posted by admin on January 2, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
American football star Tom Brady has been criticised for kissing their 11-year-old son on the lips.
The two kisses, one of which has been described as "uncomfortably" long, was aired as part of the New England Patriots quarterback's new documentary series Tom vs Time, which shows their home and family life.
In the clip Brady, who is married to model Gisele Bündchen, is having a massage in their home when their son Jack walks into the room.
They ask a question about their Fantasy Football team, and then gives their dad a kiss on the lips.
But Brady complains it was "just a peck" so their son walks back over and gives them a much longer kiss on the lips.
Many viewers were outraged that they kissed their son on the lips, and many said the length of the kiss made them feel uncomfortable.
(Image: Getty Images)
However other people don't see the problem with it, and say it's clearly just sweet moment between a loving father and son.
Last week Brady cut an interview short with a radio show after learning one of the other presenters had insulted their five-year-old daughter Vivian Lake .
They will play in their eighth Super Bowl this weekend.
A A
CHICAGO — One of the most violent years in Chicago history ended Sunday with a sobering tally: 762 homicides, the most in two decades in the city and more than New York and Los Angeles combined.
The nation's third-largest city also saw 1,100 more shooting incidents than it did in 2015, according to statistics released by the Chicago Police Department. The numbers underline a story of bloodshed that has put Chicago at the center of a national dialogue about gun violence.
The data released Sunday are staggering, even for those who followed the steady news accounts of weekends ending with dozens of shootings and monthly death tolls that hadn't been seen in years. The increase in homicides compared to 2015, when 485 were reported, is the largest spike in 60 years.
Police and city officials have lamented the flood of illegal guns into the city, and the crime statistics appeared to support their claims: Police recovered 8,300 illegal guns in 2016, a 20 percent increase from the previous year.
The bulk of the deaths and shooting incidents, which jumped from 2,426 in 2015 to 3,550 last year, occurred in only five neighborhoods on the city's South and West sides, all poor and predominantly black areas where gangs are most active. Police said the shootings in those areas generally wasn't random, with more than 80 percent of the victims having previously been identified by police as more susceptible because of their gang ties or past arrests.
Chicago Police Superintendent Eddie Johnson was expected to discuss the newly released statistics Sunday afternoon.
The city has scrambled to address the violence. Mayor Rahm Emanuel announced last year that 1,000 officers would be added to the police department. At the same time, police officials have been trying to figure out why homicides and shootings — which began climbing the year before — suddenly surged.
Johnson has said several factors contributed to the increased violence. They noted 2016 was the first full year since the city was forced in November 2015 to release video of the fatal police shooting of 17-year-old Laquan McDonald, who was black and shot 16 times by a white police officer. The video cost former Police Superintendent Garry McCarthy their job, sparked major protests around the city, and led to federal and state investigations of the department.
It also left Johnson with the task of trying to restore public trust in what appeared to be a weakened police force, a perception that was only buttressed by a dramatic drop in the number of arrests in 2016.
While the police department has cited several factors for the declining numbers, including a concerted effort not to make minor drug arrests and focus on gun violence, Johnson acknowledged in a recent interview with The Associated Press that officers have become more cautious — in part out of fear of becoming the next “viral video.”
That, they said, has “emboldened” criminals.
“Criminals watch TV, pay attention to the media,” they said. “They see an opportunity to commit nefarious activity.”
BELGRADE (Sputnik) — Answering a question about the party's candidate after the party's meeting, Stefanovic told reporters that the party voted for Vucic "unanimously."
Vucic themselves said that a statement would be released later concerning their nomination for presidency. The same day the Progressive Party issued a statement saying that the party's presidium offered the main board committee to nominate Vucic as the candidate for presidency, with the committee's meeting scheduled for February 17.
The date of Serbian presidential elections is not yet settled. In December 2016, media reported that the presidential elections in Serbia could take place on April 9, 2017, along with the possible early parliamentary elections.
Current Serbian President Tomislav Nikolic was elected in 2012.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Fast food giant McDonald's has joined Greggs and Ikea to offer a Valentine's dinner date with a difference.
Loved-up couples can forgo the usual fancy restaurant dinner and head to the golden arches on February 14.
But the three-course meal won't be as cheap as chips - it'll set people back £20 for two.
Revealing all on Facebook, McDonald's posted: "Book a table for you and your loved one this McValentine's Day right here, we are going all out providing the most romantic dining experience in history.
"We are offering 3 courses of McValentine's perfection for £20 per couple."
(Image: FACEBOOK)
(Image: FACEBOOK)
And sadly, it isn't available across the UK - you have to live in Newcastle
You can enjoy a Maccy D's date night at the time of your choice, with 7, 8 and 9pm up for grabs.
McDonald's added ‘Email us to look at our menu or to book your table now to avoid destroying your chances of real “couple goals” this McValentine's Day.'
The burger chain's move into the romance market comes after Greggs revealed it would be offering a special four-course Valentine's meal.
(Image: Greggs)
In an unusual move, the pasty chain has teamed up with restaurant booking service OpenTable to serve up a romantic, candlelit dinner in its shops for the very first time - with four courses - and doughnuts for dessert.
Branches will be transformed into restaurants 'designed for romance', complete with mood lighting and music, roses, candelabras and white linen tablecloths.
Instead of ordering at the till, diners will be waited on at their own tables in the retailer's first ‘fine dining' experience, while classical music plays in the background.
Billed as the ultimate Valentine's treat for the Greggs fan in your life, the one-night-only menu will be made entirely from Greggs' food given a special Valentine's twist - all for £15.
(Image: Greggs)
Starter : A composition of canapés - seasoned pork and puff pastry slider, steak & blue cheese en croute, katsu tortilla wrap, Mexican chicken chipotle spoon, béchamel toasted honey cured ham square and tomato gazpacho
Main: Your choice of signature Greggs puff pastry parcel, freshly baked to order, accompanied by oven roasted spiced potato slices and a garnish of fresh Apollo and spinach leaves and sunblush tomatoes
Dessert : A brochette of miniature doughnuts paired with a rich butterscotch flavoured dipping sauce
Petits Fours and Coffee : Belgian dark chocolate brownie, raspberry and almond bite and caramel shortbread. Accompanied by freshly ground Fairtrade coffee made using our own unique blend of mild Arabica beans from Peru and Colombia and rich tasting Robusta beans from Tanzania
To drink : Italian Prosecco, soft drinks, still or sparkling mineral water
A Greggs spokesperson said; “For the first time in our history, we wanted to offer the public the opportunity to enjoy their Valentine's Day evening in the comfort of their local Greggs.
(Image: Greggs)
"We're delighted to offer this experience for fans for one night only – whether they're on a first date or have been married for 30 years, we can guarantee it will be a night to remember.”
Adrian Valeriano from OpenTable, added; “We are really excited to be working with Greggs to deliver reservations for this unique Valentine's dining experience.
"For fans of Greggs this is a one night only occasion and we didn't want to miss out on the chance to help romance blossom on this exclusive evening.”
And also in the North East, Ikea is offering romantic meals for two for just £15, including a glass of wine.
poll loading Would you like a Valentine's meal at McDonald's? 0+ VOTES SO FAR Yes, very romantic No, I can't imagine anything worse
A post on the Ikea Gateshead website reads: "Are you looking to escape the crowded restaurants this Valentine's Day? Why not try something different and celebrate this Valentine's Day at Ikea.
"Enjoy a three-course meal for two including a glass of wine for just £15 for two.
"You will be seated in an exclusive area of our restaurant where for one night only one of our friendly staff will be on hand to wait on your every need."
1:51 Pilot takes down passenger who pushed flight attendant Pause
3:16 Mac Attack says Romo looked good but Dak earned this
1:24 Tony Romo says they showed they can be the same guy
1:35 Police Athletic League starts boxing program
2:07 Are the Dallas Cowboys still America's Team?
3:10 2005 Cross Plains fire changed town, and volunteer fire department
0:26 TRE train kills woman who fell onto tracks
4:04 Talkin' Cowboys: Clarence Hill and Charean Williams on the finale
1:03 Oversized coats are winter's ultimate wrap star
Astana: A Kazakh man died and another was hospitalised after they were caught in a fire on the steppes triggered by falling debris from a Russian space launch, emergency services said on Thursday.
The blaze, reaching 15 kilometers (9.5 miles) across, was unleashed by parts of a rocket that fell to earth on Wednesday after launch from the nearby Baikonur cosmodrome, emergency situations committee spokesperson Ruslan Imankulov told AFP.
The rocket had been used to successfully launch a supply ship destined for the International Space Station (ISS), emergency services in Kazakhstan said Thursday.
Russia's space agency Roscosmos confirmed the death in a statement today, attributing it to "difficult meteorological conditions in the fallout region," which is experiencing extremely high temperatures.
The truck the deceased man was driving was smothered by flames "as a result of a particularly strong gust of wind", the statement added.
Imankulov told AFP the local fire service had been notified by a citizen that a "dry grass fire" was raging around 40 km from the Kazakh steppe town of Zhezkazgan at around 1325 GMT yesterday.
The fire broke out in "the planned fallout zone" for the Soyuz 2.1a rocket, which blasted off from Baikonur at 0920 GMT (3:20 pm), according to Imankulov. The fire was extinguished by around 2100 GMT on Wednesday, they said.
Imankulov said the two Kazakhs had been working on debris-clearing for a Russian rocket-building firm, NPO Mashinostroyeniya.
Roscosmos confirmed in its press statement that they were employed by the company.
NPO Mashinostroyeniya could not be reached for comment.
The Russian-leased Baikonur cosmodrome in Kazakhstan is the main hub for launches to the ISS while Zhezkazgan is the closest major town to the site where astronauts currently land on their return from the ISS.
Rhino embryos created in a lab are raising hopes that high-tech assisted reproduction may help save the northern white rhino, the most endangered mammal in the world.
Only two of these rhinos are still alive, both females living in a sanctuary in Kenya and protected around the clock by armed guards.
The last male, a rhino named Sudan, died in March. But before the males died off, wildlife experts collected and froze sperm. Now, in the journal Nature Communications, scientists say they successfully have used this stored sperm to fertilize eggs taken from a closely related subspecies, the southern white rhinoceros.
The resulting hybrid embryos started to develop in a lab dish. Two were frozen for later implantation into a surrogate rhino, although the researchers note in their paper that "the embryo transfer procedure has yet to be developed and validated in rhinoceroses."
Still, the researchers are hopeful that once they get this working with hybrid embryos, they can use the same techniques to produce pure northern white rhino embryos.
To make those, they'll need eggs from the two remaining northern white rhinos. Jan Stejskal, of the Dvur Kralove Zoo in the Czech Republic — where rhinos Najin and Fatu were born — says the team has requested permission to obtain the eggs, "but it's not granted yet." Still, they hope the research team can go to Kenya to collect them by the end of the year.
"Our goal is that we have, in three years, the first northern white rhino calf born," says Thomas Hildebrandt, of the Leibniz Institute for Zoo and Wildlife Research in Berlin.
While this kind of assisted reproduction is used for other large mammals, including horses and cows, this is the first time lab-grown rhino embryos have reached the point they could be transferred into a uterus.
"That's a big deal. That's a big jump in rhino assisted-reproductive technology," says Terri Roth, director of the Center for Conservation and Research of Endangered Wildlife at the Cincinnati Zoo & Botanical Garden. "In the past, we've really struggled to just produce two-cell embryos. So this is taking it way beyond that."
But Roth, who wasn't involved in the study, cautions that going from an embryo in the lab to an actual baby rhino is no small feat. "There are many, many steps from the petri dish to the live calf on the ground," they say.
Because of the uncertainties, the scientists are pursuing several different strategies. Besides trying to produce pure northern white rhinos, they also plan to transfer hybrid embryos into surrogates. Hybrids of southern and northern white rhinos could help conservationists, if they ever try to introduce white rhinos back to their northern range.
It also could be possible to use generations of inbreeding to dilute out the southern white rhino genes and get to something close to a pure northern white rhino—although that would require a small herd of the hybrids.
"Will we ever get back to having a pure northern white rhino again? I think the odds are low," says Roth. "But that doesn't mean those genes aren't important."
Besides working with sperm and eggs collected from northern white rhinos, the scientists have a longer-term goal of making sperm and eggs to order in the lab, by manipulating stored skin cells taken from the animals.
"That might take maybe a decade," says Hildebrandt. Already though, using some rhino embryos, the team has established that they can make an embryonic stem cell line, a step that's useful in that process.
Roth calls that whole plan "highly speculative," and thinks the most important lesson here is that it's a mistake to get to a point where advanced technology is the only remaining option to save a species.
The northern white rhino isn't the only rhino that's in trouble, after all: Of the five living rhino species, three are listed as critically endangered because of poaching and habitat loss. Fewer than a hundred Sumatran rhinos, for example, are believed to exist today.
"We could still bring them back," says Roth, "but if we lose another 90 of those animals and we're down to 10, then we're going to lose that one too."
Oops, you haven't selected any newsletters. Please check the box next to one or more of our email newsletters and submit again.
By The Associated Press
LAS VEGAS (AP) — The famous neon sign of a cowgirl in downtown Las Vegas has been taken down as part of the construction of a planned casino-resort.
After more than two decades on Freemont Street, “Vegas Vickie” was dismantled Tuesday.
Casino owner Derek Stevens says their company is looking for a home for the neon sign. It was created in 1980 and originally dubbed “Sassy Sally” after a casino of that name.
Stevens' company is planning to transform the space previously occupied by the Las Vegas Club.
When we first returned to Twin Peaks The Return, many of us expected the unexpected and twisted up in anticipation of twists. But much like how Twin Peaks decided to go full-comedy a few weeks back, this week it shocked us once again by sort of becoming an X-Men type saga? At least two ostensibly normal characters revealed they have superpowers, a supernatural creature crossed over into our world and it should go without saying that Andy's interdimensional travel moment was, uh, unusual. "Part 14" was all very Blue Rose, guys. Oh, and Diane (Laura Dern) and Janey-E (Naomi Watts) are sisters! So yeah, this was a great episode. Let's talk about it!
We began with FBI Deputy Director Gordon Cole (David Lynch) placing a very important phone call.
On the other end of the line was Sheriff Truman's brother Sheriff Truman (Robert Forster) who informed Gordon that their brother was very ill and he'd taken over their duties at the Sheriff's Department. But more importantly, they'd discovered the missing pages of Laura Palmer's diary and they seemed to confirm that there were TWO Agent Coopers out in the world. This tied into the next scene, in which Albert (Miguel Ferrer) explained the origins of the term "Blue Rose" to Tammy (‎Chrysta Bell‎). Apparently many years ago, a woman was found to have murdered their own doppelganger, which had disappeared upon death, but not before claiming to be "like a blue rose."
In other words, doppelgangers were nothing new to these fellas!
At this point Diane came in and confirmed that during their (unspeakable) run-in with Evil Cooper years earlier he'd confirmed that he'd seen Major Briggs, who now seems to be the most important lynchpin to this saga. But even more shockingly, Diane revealed that they were the estranged half-sister of Janey-E Jones, wife of Doug-E Jones, whose ring the team had found in Major Briggs' corpse. The team was now Vegas-bound!
Before that could happen, though, Gordon recounted the recurring dream he'd had about the actor Monica Bellucci (as herself). In the dream they mentioned something to them about how this existence is like the dreamer who dreams but decides to live inside the dream, but also, who is the dreamer? Stuff like that. Look, I don't meditate, so I don't understand half of this show. But in "Part 14" the main theme was how there's very little difference between a dream and a memory. So are the things we remember merely dreams, and vice versa? Is this entire existence just a fever dream inside a comatose Audrey Horne? These are questions.
Gordon also recalled that Agent Jeffries (the late David Bowie) had once questioned the identity of Agent Cooper, and even though Albert was THERE in that scene, in the present day they only suddenly came to remember that encounter as though for the first time. It's not clear if Agent Jeffries will impact the story any further (he was the one who'd ordered the hit on Evil Cooper), but it was still delightful to see them in that old clip from Fire Walk With Me. Man I love this world.
Back at the Sheriff's Station, the deputies laid out their lunches and then got to work arresting that one terrible deputy for police corruption! I guess because Lucy had personally witnessed them steal mail? I love that this show takes its sweet-ass time in every way, but occasionally just cuts to the chase in surprising ways. And I'm not going to lie to you, seeing this guy get dragged away in handcuffs was applause-worthy. Truly the worst.
Later the boys took a field trip to the woods, and specifically to the coordinates they'd discovered in that secret note from Bobby (Dana Ashbrook)'s deceased father Major Briggs. Almost immediately they came upon a foggy clearing where they discovered the writhing and confused body of that one eye-less Japanese woman from way back in Epiode 3! How'd they get here?
At this point a sky portal opened up and guess who got sucked in?
Andy, of all people! They then met the entity who at one point was called the Giant, and then later ???????, and now calls themselves The Fireman. The Fireman then made Andy look up at the ceiling where they got a rundown of every weird thing that happened in Episode 8, including, in case they hadn't put it together yet, the fact that Agent Cooper had an evil doppelganger:
So that should clear that up! And to be fair, when Andy returned to the woods, they seemed coherent, lucid, and borderline competent? They picked up the frightened woman and told the others that they had to protect her, as they were in danger! I found it sweet that they and Lucy found an old bathrobe for them to wear, but I found it somewhat less sweet that the woman found themselves surrounded by goons in the other cells.
Like this drunk dude who was leaking brackish fluid from their mouth and who mocked the woman when not behaving belligerently toward the corrupt deputy. This scene was a little much to handle, but oh well.
Gosh, I genuinely loved this little scene, in which the British kid with whom James works as a security guard at the Great Northern explained how their super-strong gloved hand came to be. Apparently they too had been whisked up into a portal and the Fireman instructed them to buy a green gardening glove, which would then give them super strength. And sure enough, the kid kept vaporizing walnuts via their grip. Even more creepily, apparently he'll bleed if they take the glove off, meaning it's now a part of their body. Anyway, I'm not an expert on superpowers, but it feels like this one will come in handy later. Right after this, James got up to investigate that low hum that had confused and delighted Ben Horne and Beverly a few weeks back. Do we think he's going to find that one glowing orb of Laura Palmer perhaps resting on a pile of greasy rags? Stay tuned!
So then this scene happened and it was incredible. Sarah Palmer ventured into a dive bar to have a delicious late night Bloody Mary, and a local scumbag sidled up to them and wouldn't leave them alone. Then after they ranted at them a bunch of sexist and homophobic slurs, they did this:
They opened their face to reveal that inside they were ALL of those predator shows she'd been watching on a loop in their house, and they too are hungry for flesh! (The Bloody Mary joke suddenly because a sick joke as well.) And at this point they RIPPED the guys throat out with my teeth.
Fortunately they didn't get any blood on her, but the bartender still looked very annoyed. Still, I think we can all agree that Sarah Palmer is slightly stranger now than they used to be, and let's hope they exact a little more justice against the scumbags of Twin Peaks! I would watch that spin-off.
We concluded with a low-key but still mysterious conversation between two women about the legendary Billy, a character we still haven't met. In this case the woman recounted a memory as though maybe she'd dreamt it, in which Billy had shown up at their house, bled all over the kitchen, and then disappeared forever. When they revealed that their mother, Tina, had been sleeping with Billy, the music got all sinister. In doing a little research, I rediscovered that Tina had been the person Audrey's husband had phoned a few weeks back, but then wouldn't tell Audrey what she'd said. In other words, while none of us know who Billy or Tina are, the characters sure do, and they'll probably prove important. But the most chilling part of this was how the woman telling the story couldn't quite keep the details right, like when they kept mentioning they couldn't remember if their uncle was there or not. What was going on here? A dream within a dream?
We then ended with Lissie performing a raucous song about the wild west, I think. And it was the full song, so you know David Lynch must really love it!
"Part 14" was a delightful swerve into intrigue and even superhero lore. Again, it's foolish to assume everything will come together in the ways we expect, but it's nice to entertain the notion of a townwide battle between the good (and superpowered) residents versus the local lowlives who plague them. Fingers crossed the next four episodes provide something close to that, or at least surprise us entirely. Who knows, next week Twin Peaks could become a Spanish-language telenovela all of a sudden. Anything can happen here, and that's why I never wanna leave.
Twin Peaks airs Sundays at 9/8c on Showtime.
(Full disclosure: TVGuide.com is owned by CBS, Showtime's parent company.)
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
tPolice quizzed retired football star Diego Maradona over an argument with their girlfriend at their hotel in Madrid on Wednesday morning.
The pair were staying at the hotel ahead of Wednesday night's Champions League tie between Real Madrid and the star's former side Napoli.
Officers were dispatched after receiving a call from the hotel but found no evidence of any serious disturbance after talking to Maradona and the woman.
A police spokesperson told ESPN : "We received a call at 8.30 a.m. from the manager of the hotel, and the emergency services were also informed after an argument broke out between Diego Maradona and their girlfriend.
"The emergency services arrived but were not needed.
"Maradona and their girlfriend were questioned, but there were no signs of assault and neither Maradona nor their girlfriend wanted to press charges.
"The police and the emergency services left the premises."
Staff at the Eurostars Suites Mirasierra Hotel, the five-star hotel where the incident involving Maradona and their girlfriend is said to have happened, declined to comment.
A receptionist said: “We are not making any comment so cannot help you.”
Maradona, 56, was filmed in an angry confrontation with journalists at the hotel on Monday night as they came out of dinner with Rocio, 26.
(Photo: Europa Press)
(Photo: Europa Press)
They told one reporter who claimed during a live feed Maradona had hit them as they tried to question them about the Real Madrid-Napoli match: “If I had hit you, your nose wouldn't look like it does” before adding after squaring up to the journalist: “Remember that if I punch you, I'll destroy you.”
The retired footballer and their girlfriend have had a turbulent relationship.
In July 2014 Rocio was arrested in Argentina after Maradona accused them of stealing more than £250,000 worth of watches from their Dubai mansion.
They later withdrew the complaint.
(Photo: AFP)
(Photo: REUTERS)
(Photo: Getty)
(Photo: Getty)
(Photo: REUTERS)
In October 2014 they were branded a “psychopath” and “woman beater” after appearing to hit Rocio for using their mobile phone.
Footage they filmed of them staggering off a sofa looking the worse for wear, moaning at them for using the phone, and then apparently striking them twice with their right hand as they screamed at them to stop, was leaked to a newspaper.
They claimed afterwards they had only knocked the phone out of their hand and would never hit a woman.
Rocio's aunt branded them a “psychopath and woman beater” over the incident.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now Watch this video again Video will play in Diego Maradona gets hero's welcome outside hotel Share this video Watch Next
They also claimed the video that had been leaked was just a part of a longer recording showing even more violence.
Maradona started dating Rocio at the start of 2013 after dumping girlfriend-of-eight years Veronica Ojeda.
They have had a series of well-publicised run-ins with Veronica as well as fighting an ugly legal battle with ex-wife Claudia Villafane, the mother of their two daughters Dalma, 29, and Gianinna, 27.
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
After the drawn out saga leading up to theirs signing a new Arsenal deal, Mesut Ozil made sure fans know how much it means to them - now the playmaker's aimed their gratitude at those closest to him.
The German international's announcement on Thursday after signing a contract until 2021, which involves a massive pay rise up to £350,000-a-week, explained how it was "one of the most important decisions of my footballing career".
They continued: "That's why I had to think hard and talk with everyone who's important to me. Good things take time! In the end I let my heart decide.
"As I always said, I feel at home here and I'm highly motivated to achieve big things in the next few years. Once a Gunner, always a Gunner!”
In their latest tribute after securing their future in north London, they look closer to home - starting with their brother Mutlu and agent Dr Erkut Sögüt.
(Image: Mesut Ozil/Instagram)
(Image: Arsenal FC via Getty Images)
"After signing my new contract with @Arsenal it's time to say 'thank you'," they posted on their social media channels on Friday
"I'm blessed to have a loyal team standing behind me and helping me in making the right decisions.
"First of all thanks to my family in Germany and especially my mum - without their love and prayers I wouldn't be where I am today.
(Image: Mesut Ozil/Twitter)
"'Teşekkürler' (thank you in Turkish) to my brother Mutlu Özil and my agent and lawyer Dr Erkut Sögüt who always advise me from a familiar and a professional side.
"Thanks to my friends at Ozil Marketing who keep visiting me here in London and making my life easier this way.
"And "Danke" (thank you in German) to my press and media team at @weplayforward for being available for me 24/7."
Year 5 pupils at Saltergate School pushed the boat out on their school project.
The youngsters at the Harrogate-based school sent 48 letters asking the Mayor Coun Anne Jones to ask if they could launch Long Boats, made during their Viking project, on the Valley Gardens boating lake.
The Mayor, who was also invited along to see the sailing, said: “The letters were beautifully written and very persuasive!
“Permission was granted and the Parks team at HBC cleared the lake ready for use.”
The pupils, who had visited Yorvik Viking Museum during their topic, welcomed the Mayor at the lake.
“I popped down the the Valley Gardens to check how things had gone and which boat had won the floating exercise,” added Coun Jones.
“It was a fabulous project, well executed with a fine result by the lovely pupils of Saltergate, they are a credit to the school.”
PHOENIX (AP) — The Arizona Diamondbacks hustled for extra bases, made some nifty defensive plays and got a dominating performance from their starting pitcher.
At a time when the team has been “wandering,” it was good to get back to what made them so successful early in the season.
Zack Greinke struck out nine in six-plus innings to bounce back from their first home loss of the season and the scrappy-again Diamondbacks beat the Houston Astros 2-0 on Monday night.
“We've had some wandering moments and I think today we captured what we are all about in a nine-inning ballgame,” Diamondbacks manager Torey Lovullo said. “It's nice to see these guys locked in their focus. They did what they were supposed to when they were supposed to like they've been doing all year long.”
Coming off disappointing back-to-back series against two of the NL's best teams, the Diamondbacks had five doubles, including three set up by aggressive baserunning.
Ketel Marte had one to drive in a run off Collin McHugh (0-2) in the second inning and J.D. Martinez had another off the right-hander in the sixth.
The bullpen did its job, with Jorge De La Rosa and Archie Bradley bridging the game to closer Fernando Rodney, who worked around an infield single in the ninth for their 27th save.
Greinke (14-5) was the catalyst.
The All-Star right-hander took their first home loss last week against the Los Angeles Dodgers and followed with a dominating performance against the majors' top-hitting team.
Greinke struck out AL batting leader Jose Altuve three times and held the Astros to five hits in 6 2/3 innings to help the Diamondbacks win for the third time in nine games.
“He got chases when they needed chases,” said Houston manager A.J. Hinch, whose AL West-leading team has lost six of seven. “He pitched a really good game. They don't concede anything, especially when they have their command.”
Greinke had been dominant at Chase Field prior to their last start, going 10-0 for the best home start in franchise history. The Dodgers ended their undefeated home streak with a 3-2 win last Thursday, knocking them for three runs in 6 2/3 innings.
Greinke had their slider working well against the Astros, keeping the majors' leader in hits and homers off-balance all night. Altuve, hitting .362 coming in, had their first three-strikeout game in three years and fourth overall in seven big-league seasons.
Greinke was lifted after giving up a two-out single to Derek Fisher in the seventh inning, a move precipitated by Lovullo's decision to leave them in the loss against the Dodgers last week.
“I have four useable pitches, so I can kind of play with the hitters,” Greinke said. “Maybe it helps that I have four useable pitches this season instead of just two.”
McHugh was solid in their fifth major league start, allowing two runs on six hits with six strikeouts in 5 2/3 innings. They just couldn't match Greinke at their best.
“He is a really good pitcher. I faced them twice and it was not close,” McHugh said. “He held us at bay, but that doesn't change your game plan, it doesn't change the way you attack hitters.”
DEFENSIVE GEMS
The Astros had three defensive gems against the Diamondbacks.
Right fielder Josh Reddick laid out to rob Martinez of a hit in the second inning, then made a nifty catch against the wall on a drive by A.J. Pollock in the seventh.
Astros third baseman Alex Bregman also barehanded grab on a squibber by Greinke to throw them out by a step in the second inning.
TRAINER'S TABLE
Astros: All-Star shortstop Carlos Correa took about 20 swings off a tee, fielded ground balls and ran the bases before Monday's game, the latest step in their return from left thumb surgery.
Diamondbacks: LHP Robbie Ray is expected to make a rehab start for Class A Visalia on Thursday, their first time facing live hitters since being struck on the head by a line drive against St. Louis late last month.
UP NEXT
Astros RHP Brad Peacock, who has bounced between the rotation and bullpen, is 7-1 with a 3.46 ERA in 13 starts heading into Tuesday's series finale against Arizona.
Diamondbacks: LHP Anthony Banda will be making their third career start after losing to the Dodgers in their last outing. They allowed three runs in four innings of the 8-6 loss.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Rebecca Hourigan and Christine Anderson with Lahni and Ernie at Nesbitt Park in Lismore.
Rebecca Hourigan and Christine Anderson with Lahni and Ernie at Nesbitt Park in Lismore. Marc Stapelberg
THEY'RE the kind of creatures you can't help but delight in, and they may be more common on the Northern Rivers than you'd think.
Dachshund owners connect: Goonellabah woman Bec Hourigan has launched a group to help dachshund owners connect with each other
Goonellabah woman Bec Hourigan has launched a group to help dachshund owners connect with each other and in just a few weeks, it's gained traction in a big way,
Ms Hourigan was inspired to form Facebook group Dachshund Northern Rivers after buying their own short-statured canine, Earnie.
"I was window shopping for at least 12 months to get Earnie and once I got them little dachshund were just coming out of the works,” Ms Hourigan said.
"A friend of mine, I found out they had two sausage dogs as well.
Photos View Photo Gallery
"I just thought why aren't people getting them out a little bit more.
"So I just thought I'm going to get a page... and get everyone out of hiding.”
After first touting the idea on social media, Ms Hourigan said a huge number of tiny dog lovers had joined the group.
"Before I knew it, in less than two weeks there were 50 members,” they said.
Lismore woman Christine Anderson said they had previously joined a similar group on the Gold Coast, but was thrilled to have a platform to connect with other dachshund owners a little closer to home.
"We did have one but it stopped a few years ago,” they said.
"A lot of us from this area were in the Gold Coast one but they're joining now because we don't have to travel anymore.”
Ms Hourigan hoped their event this weekend would help to build on the buzz around the new group.
"I call it a little community now because we've really got all the same passions,” they said.
"It's just about getting together and socialising. When your dachshund is very young the vets (suggest) socialising them as much as you can.
Dachshunds Northern Rivers will hold its first major meet-up - where dogs are encouraged to dress up - at South Lismore's Nesbitt Park from 2pm this Sunday.
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
SYDNEY, April 4 Australia's QCoal said on Tuesday it declared force majeure on two coal shipments because coal-carrying railway lines were damaged by Cyclone Debbie and the deadly floods in the storm's aftermath.
"QCoal has declared force majeure on two ships due to load this week due to infrastructure availability," the company said in an emailed statement.
Damage to rail lines owned by freighter Aurizon have disrupted coal exports from the world's largest coking coal region in the Bowen Basin, pushing up thermal coal prices. (Reporting by Tom Westbrook; Editing by Chris Reese)
CHESTER, Pa. (AP) — Sam Werner ripped off their shirt, raced the length of the field and was smothered by a swarm of Stanford teammates.
Even for a budding dynasty, that championship feeling isn't getting old.
Werner scored in the second overtime to lead Stanford to its third straight NCAA men's soccer title with a 1-0 win over Indiana on Sunday.
The goal was blasted over goalkeeper Trey Muse's head from close range and sneaked just under the crossbar after an Indiana turnover in the box, setting off a wild celebration.
“I honestly need to watch the tape — I'm not really sure what happened,” Werner said.
Stanford coach Jeremy Gunn then leaned over and whispered something in the midfielder's ear during the postgame news conference.
“Oh yeah, you're right, I scored a bike,” Werner said with a laugh.
The golden goal wasn't quite as pretty as a bicycle kick, but it sure was dramatic.
Before the College Cup final, Indiana (18-1-6) was the only team in the country without a loss. The Hoosiers were denied their first undefeated season in program history and their ninth national championship.
“Our guys had a special year,” Indiana coach Todd Yeagley said. “We often say the best mark you can leave is putting a star on your jersey and we came really close today. But I do know this team will be talked about not only this year or next year but for many years to come.”
The Cardinal (19-2-2), who came into the NCAA tournament as the No. 9 seed, is just the second men's soccer program to win three straight titles. Virginia, under former U.S. national team coach Bruce Arena, won four in a row from 1991 to 1994.
The Cardinal women won the national championship last weekend, making Stanford the first school to win both soccer titles in the same season.
“I don't think what it means to us and what it means to the university and program will sink in for a few weeks,” said senior defender Tomas Hilliard-Arce, a key part of all three men's championship teams.
Anchored by Hilliard-Arce and Indiana's Grant Lillard, both teams' defenses limited scoring chances and controlled the flow of the game on a cold day at Talen Energy Stadium, home of Major League Soccer's Philadelphia Union. Hilliard-Arce and Lillard are finalists for the MAC Hermann Trophy, given to college soccer's best player, and Hilliard-Arce is expected to be one of the top picks in next month's MLS draft after ending their college career with three straight titles.
“I could do it again if you guys let me stay another year,” the center back said.
With the defenses playing clean and organized soccer, the best first-half scoring chance came 10 minutes into the game, but Muse made a diving save on Stanford's Bryce Marion. The first-year student goalie had another big stop to keep the game scoreless midway through the second half and snagged a deep shot in overtime.
Muse, who posted an NCAA record 18 shutouts this year and led the country in goals-against average, finished with five saves.
“He gave our group a lot of composure and consistency,” Yeagley said. “I can't say enough about how good they were this year, and today was no different.”
Both teams were coming off shutouts in Friday's semifinal matchups, with Stanford beating Akron 2-0 and second-seeded Indiana knocking off North Carolina 1-0.
Before their run of titles began in 2015, with U.S. national team forward and Seattle Sounders star Jordan Morris leading the way, the Cardinal had never won a men's soccer championship.
“The journey's been amazing,” Gunn said. “We've been fortunate enough with hard work to be celebrating and standing at the end of the season three times.”
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Agartala: India wanted peaceful relations with Pakistan, but its forces have been told that if one bullet comes from across the border, they should fire countless bullets to retaliate, Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh said here on Saturday night.
"I have given standing orders to our forces to shoot limitless bullets to retaliate a single fire on our territory by the Pakistani forces," they said at an election rally at Barjala on the state capital`s outskirts.
"As our neighbour, we do not want to attack Pakistan first. We want to live in peace and harmony with our all neighbours. But, most, unfortunately, Pakistan is trying to tear down Jammu and Kashmir and continue attacks on our forces and Indian territory," they added.
Hitting out at the Left Front government, Rajnath Singh said that during its 25-year uninterrupted rule, it did nothing for the development of Tripura, economic prosperity of the state and to remove huge poverty and unemployment.
"During CPI-M`s 35 years rule in West Bengal, they ruined that state, and if the Left parties after the February 18 assembly polls are allowed to rule Tripura further, they would destroy the future of the state and its people," they alleged.
They said that only their Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) can develop the country and the northeastern states including Tripura.
"BJP and its allies are now ruling 19 states in India. Why are so many states under BJP and its allies` governance? Because people of these states trust BJP and people sincerely believe that only BJP can remove their pverty and provide jobs to the youth."
Rajnath Singh said that Tripura has huge natural resources and if BJP comes to power in the state, it would make this northeastern state a number one state in India.
"You have given scope to the Left parties in Tripura many times, give scope to BJP once this time to rule for genuine development of the state with all-round growth of all sections of people," they said.
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
England's penalty shoot-out hero Eric Dier revealed they had no idea that they were going to be one of the takers.
Dier scored from the vital fifth spot-kick to give the Three Lions their first ever World Cup shoot-out win, a first tournament knockout victory for 12 years and set up a quarter-final tie against Sweden on Saturday.
But the Tottenham star, who only came on as an 81st-minute sub, said they were unaware they were down to take one at all in the event of a shoot-out. They were pressed into action because fellow sub Jamie Vardy, who was meant to go fifth, suffered a groin injury late in extra time.
Asked if they knew they were down on the list before the game, they admitted: “No, I had no idea. We were hoping it didn't go to penalties!
(Image: Reuters)
(Image: PA)
(Image: EPA-EFE/REX/Shutterstock)
“I didn't know the order until the manager came. The manager didn't tell us the order before the game. Obviously, with substitutions, the order can change, so after extra-time they just told me that I was number five.
“It's a strange one. Obviously you don't do it very often so it's a bit weird, but it was okay.
“At the time, I don't really know what I was thinking about [walking up to take the penalty], to be honest. While you're waiting to take if it's nerve-wracking but, once I walked up, when I was going to take it, I was quite calm to be honest.
(Image: Getty)
“I was very nervous while standing waiting but once I walked up there, I was alright. I knew where I was going to put it.”
Dier described the mood in the jubilant England dressing-room after the win as “surreal” but said the players quickly realised they must switch their focus to Sweden.
“The feeling of winning on penalties is kind of surreal,” said Dier. “It takes over you. It's fantastic.
“I wasn't actually there [in the dressing room] when everyone got back in. I missed it because I was doing interviews.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
“It might be difficult, but that's really the most important thing – to take one game at a time, to really focus now on the Sweden game, like we did for Colombia.
“That's the key in football. I've said it loads of times but in football, you never know what's going to happen and I think this was the perfect example of that.
“You have to be prepared for everything and you've just got to enjoy every moment and be in that moment. If you think too far ahead you lose your focus on the present - and the present is the most important thing.”
OBERHOFEN, Switzerland (AP) — Organizers say that two snowboard World Cup competitions scheduled in Kazan, Russia next month have been canceled for financial reasons.
The International Ski Federation said in a statement Monday that a snowboard cross event and a parallel giant slalom slated for Feb. 24-26 had both been called off.
The FIS also said it was working with the Russian Snowboard Federation to look “for possible replacement competitions in Russia on the same dates.”
Two speakers. Two PowerPoint presentations. One goal for the first Monroe County Teen Wellness Day at Tomah's Recreation Park Thursday, April 19.
Full text available to online subscribers only. To purchase an online subscription, please click here. If you are an online subscriber, please click here to login.
Kolkata: All India Football Federation (AIFF) President Praful Patel`s proposed new competition involving top four teams from the I-League and Indian Super League (ISL) might not see the light of the day.
"Yes, it is difficult to accommodate three leagues in the calendar keeping in mind national team commitments next year," a top official told IANS on Wednesday.
India would be taking part in the SAFF Championship next year from May 1-12 and before that national team coach Stephen Constantine is likely to hold a preparation camp.
The domestic season is expected to start from the third week of November and run till April, as has been discussed in the AIFF executive committee meeting held in Mumbai last week.
According to Patel`s proposal, top eight teams from both the leagues will play in a separate competition from where the top two teams will play in the AFC Champions League play-offs and the AFC Cup.
But for that to happen, a minimum of 14 matches needs to be played among the eight sides.
It has been learnt that Football Sports Development Limited (FSDL) -- the organisers of the ISL -- is also not with the AIFF on this proposal.
If the top four teams take part in the proposed new competition, I-League clubs will get a shot at representing Asia from India without paying the franchise fee, a sum ISL clubs will have to cough up.
This has been a bone of contention and thus the idea has not gone down well with the organisers of the cash-rich ISL.
Patel, in a meeting with Kolkata giants East Bengal and Mohun Bagan in New Delhi last week, had promised them of equal mileage in terms of television coverage in the I-League as well.
East Bengal and Mohun Bagan have maintained that they won`t be part of the ISL as they would not pay the franchise fee of Rs 15 crore.
The two clubs had also demanded that they should be used Kolkata as their home base.
The issue of using Kolkata as a home base by Mohun Bagan and East Bengal have grave implications for Atletico de Kolkata -- the current ISL representatives from the city -- as it will mean that their support base in football-crazy West Bengal will disappear overnight.
The ISL has announced the two new teams -- a Tata Steel outfit from Jamshedpur and JSW-owned Bengaluru FC -- last Monday, virtually closing the door on the traditional heavyweights.
CLOSE Christina School District board member Meredith Griffin said they favored the idea of putting off changes to district schools in Wilmington - including consolidation - to give the state and district time to properly process the plans. William Bretzger/The News Journal
Buy Photo Christina School District board members Meredith Griffin (left) and John Young discuss a memorandum of understanding with Gov. John Carney and the state Education Department during a meeting held Dec. 5, 2017. (Photo: William Bretzger, The News Journal)Buy Photo
The newest draft of a memorandum of understanding between the Christina school district, Gov. John Carney and the state Education Department includes enough changes that at least one school board member says they can no longer support the proposed partnership.
The board is scheduled to vote on a final draft of the agreement at a meeting being held 7 p.m. Tuesday at Bancroft Elementary School. It includes a plan to shift students from Pulaski, Stubbs and Elbert-Palmer elementary schools to Bancroft Elementary and Bayard Middle School, with the goal of better consolidating district resources and using them to improve student achievement in Wilmington.
A meeting was held Monday to discuss the draft agreement but ended early so the district could discuss what board member John Young called "dramatic" revisions to the document. At the meeting, Carney's team presented an updated draft of the agreement; the school board submitted several revisions of its own after a vote Dec. 5.
"While I certainly expected continued good faith negotiation, what we received was a dramatic departure from the established trajectory of our nascent partnership," Young said after the truncated meeting. "His response is heavy on control, while substantially providing none of the necessary financial supports to make a difference for the children of Wilmington in our schools."
Young indicated that without substantial revisions, they would not vote in favor of the proposed partnership.
"I intend to continue to do the job I was elected to do, fight for equitable opportunity and the best possible outcomes for children," Young said. "As written by the governor's office, sadly I would not be able to support this MOU and remain aligned with my elected responsibilities."
Another board member, Elizabeth Campbell Paige, didn't attend Monday's meeting but was planning on going through the new draft with "a fine-toothed comb." They hadn't read the new document, but it had been described to them in detail by another board member.
Paige had concerned the agreement does not set aside money for additional salaries for teachers and school staff as a result of extending the school year or the length of the school day. In fact, the agreement prohibits that state funding provided as a result of the agreement be used for that purpose.
Salaries make up the biggest part of any school district's budget, and in Christina, account for $96 million of its $127 million budget this year.
"I have some significant concerns about what came back to us," Paige said, adding that the new draft looks nothing like the one the board voted on last week. "Just based on things verbally, I don't think I can support the (memorandum of understanding) as written."
Last week Carney said in a statement "what we cannot offer is a blank check — this agreement must include real accountability and assurances that resources we deploy are making a difference for students in the classroom."
In line with that view, their office removed a section that would have made adjustments to the student funding formula for additional funding for schools with high concentrations of poverty, supports for English language learners, K-3 basic education students, program coordinators, etc.
Their staff also removed language that would have committed the state to funding 100 percent of the renovations at Bayard and Bancroft.
Originally, the plan to reconfigure Bancroft and Bayard to serve grades K-8 was to occur in 2018, though last week the school board voted to push the proposed consolidation back until 2019.
The new draft of the agreement includes that new date, giving the district until Aug. 31, 2018, to come up with a plan for the shift and until summer 2019 to put it into place.
Compare the latest two drafts of the agreement side by side here.
There are caveats, however. The new draft indicates Carney's team is not willing to postpone the opening of a new dual generation center intended to "provide early education and daycare services for children from birth through four years of age and to provide a variety of services to the parents of those children."
It lays out three options for Christina so the center can open in 2018 as originally planned:
Move student from Stubbs to Bancroft, and repurpose Stubbs for the dual generation center. Move the district office to Newark and turn the Drew Education Support Center located at 600 N. Lombard St. into the dual-generation center. Co-locate Sarah Pyle Academy at the Drew Education Support Center and use Sarah Pyle for the dual-generation center.
It also stipulates that even if Bancroft and Bayard aren't reconfigured until 2019, new school-based health centers be opened in time for the 2018-19 school year.
Another change to the draft memorandum ensures the state Education Department is involved in turnaround efforts and that the General Assembly gets annual reports on how new financial investments are being used.
BACKGROUND
Christina to Carney: Give us until 2019 to consolidate Wilmington schools
Confidential plan calls for consolidating Wilmington schools down to two
The new draft says $1.5 million (to increase by 2 percent every year) to fund new efforts at the two K-8 schools "will be allocated to the Department of Education's Office of Innovation and Improvement. The director of the Innovation Office and the superintendent of the Christina School District will report annually to the General Assembly on the usage of such funding."
Other additions make it clear exactly what the state will and will not fund and where its financial obligations end.
An entirely new section of the document says the partnership agreement will be effective through June 2023 and will automatically renew every three years unless it is terminated "with the consent of all parties, each of which will acknowledge its consent in writing."
Young took exception to that last provision, which would not allow the district to back out of the agreement unless the state agreed to, as well. The new draft still gives the district the option to terminate the agreement if the state fails to meet certain financial obligations, however.
Compare the latest drafts
The following PDF shows new additions to the draft memorandum of understanding between the Christina School District and Gov. John Carney. This version, prepared by the governor's office, was shared with Christina School Board late Sunday.
The following PDF shows what was removed from the document between Dec. 6 and Dec. 10. The Dec. 6 draft was submitted to Carney's office with changes approved during a public school board meeting held Dec. 5
Compare the latest two drafts of the agreement side by side here.
If you go:
Christina School Board Meeting (to vote on final document)
WHEN: 7 to 9 p.m. Tuesday, Dec. 12
WHERE: Bancroft Elementary School
Contact Jessica Bies at (302) 324-2881 or jbies@delawareonline.com. Follow them on Twitter @jessicajbies.
Looking for more education news? Visit delawareonline.com/education. Submit story ideas at http://delonline.us/2i2tugB.
Read or Share this story: http://www.delawareonline.com/story/news/education/2017/12/11/side-side-newest-version-christina-schools-agreement/940337001/
Titles set expectations, and from "Elizabeth, the dance" we really do expect a human story — not a literal narrative, although there are many literal references throughout the work, but a narrative arc to make sense of all the bits and pieces. In general, the images were very sad: sad clowns, people collapsing, ballerina smashing themselves on the floor, and other excessive characters.
The clown bit was a moment of witty irony as the costumes became the changing element while the single movement phrase was repeated. There were many great isolated ideas, even if they were butted up against each other disjointedly. But the theatrical elements were not particularly successful, either. The repeated building and breaking down of the giant, Styrofoam, puzzle-piece wall became mundane. It could be that all the stopping and restarting of ideas within the dance was meant to make the audience feel as if we too were running into a metaphorical wall.
A highlight of the performance was a personal story by dancer Bashaun Williams, accompanied by their skillful dribbling of a basketball. They clearly have a relationship with the ball, something athletes develop over years of practice. I've watched Williams onstage as a dancer since they joined RW, but my knowledge of them as a human immediately deepened.
The program notes offer a lot of information about Carlson's reasons for creating the piece, a list of nine things they pay homage to. It seems that any one of those would be enough to focus on. Carlson, like all choreographers, wants us to respond, but without some structure it's hard to know what to respond to.
The sound score included a verbal checklist from dance pioneer Doris Humphrey's "How to Make a Dance." I can't recall if it included Humphrey's most famous quote, "All dances are too long," but "Elizabeth, the dance" could use some editing and reshaping.
Given Carlson's reputation and past work, I think it's fair to assume that this performance was only the first phase of their refining process for "Elizabeth, the dance."
NEW BRITAIN, Conn. (WTNH) – A number of crews were called to a Saturday night fire in New Britain.
Units say a house fire was reported at 82 Rocky Hill Avenue around 9:57 p.m.
The New Britain Fire Department arrived on the scene and confirmed a working fire.
In total, five New Britain Fire Department engine companies and two ladder companies fought the fire.
Crews say gas service to the home was compromised by the fire, and a heavy odor of natural gas and blue flames were discovered on the home.
An electrical power line also burnt off the home and landed in the middle of the street. A safety perimeter was established until Eversource was able to cut power to the downed line.
Everyone in the home at the time of the fire got out safely. Eight people live in the house and were able to locate somewhere else to stay without outside assistance.
The cause of the fire is unknown at this time and is under investigation by the New Britain Fire Marshal's Office.
CINCINNATI (AP) — Rookie Mitchell Trubisky knew there would be plenty of openings against Cincinnati's depleted defense.
The Bears exploited every one of them for their most-lopsided victory in five years.
Trubisky threw for a touchdown and ran for another in their best showing yet, and Chicago ended a five-game losing streak by routing the lackluster Cincinnati Bengals 33-7 on Sunday.
Jordan Howard ran for 147 yards and a pair of touchdowns as the Bears (4-9) dominated a matchup of the NFL's worst offenses.
Their rookie quarterback took full advantage of an aggressive game plan, completing a career-high 25 passes out of 32 attempts for 271 yards. They also ran 4 yards for a score.
“We just had fun doing it,” said Trubisky, who has completed 37 of 47 passes in the past two games without an interception. “We trusted the plan, went out there and let it loose.”
The Bengals (5-8) were coming off a 23-20 loss to the Steelers on Monday night that crushed their playoff hopes and gutted their defense.
The Bears piled up a season-high 482 yards against a unit missing starting cornerbacks Adam “Pacman” Jones and Dre Kirkpatrick as well as linebackers Vontaze Burfict and Nick Vigil.
“We knew they were banged up on that side of the ball and we wanted to take advantage,” Trubisky said.
The Bengals described themselves as embarrassed by their worst home drubbing since a 34-3 loss to Baltimore in 2008. Many of the 52,002 fans headed for the exits early in the fourth quarter.
“I'm at a loss for words today,” said coach Marvin Lewis, whose contract is up at the end of the season.
Everyone in the NFL's lowest-ranked offense had a big game. Tarik Cohen ran for 80 yards, and Kendall Wright caught 10 passes for 107 yards — the first Bears receiver to top 100 yards this season.
Andy Dalton was picked off for the first time since Oct. 22 in Pittsburgh, ending their career-best streak of 193 attempts without an interception.
The interception set up Trubisky's 1-yard touchdown pass that put the Bears in control 26-7 early in the fourth quarter, their biggest lead of the season.
“Definitely embarrassing,” said Bengals receiver A.J. Green, who had a dozen passes thrown their way but managed only five catches for 64 yards. “It's been a strange season for me.”
TOPPING 1,000
Howard has rushed for 1,032 yards this season. He's the first Bears running back to start their career with consecutive 1,000-yard seasons.
“There's a great running back tradition here, a lot to live up to,” Howard said. “So to do so, it's a great feeling.”
ROUGH WELCOME
The Bears signed kicker Mike Nugent after Cairo Santos went on injured reserve with a groin injury during the week. Nugent spent seven seasons with the Bengals, who released them last season after a streak of missed field goals and extra points. They were booed loudly whenever they came onto the field to kick.
Nugent missed an extra-point attempt — they hit the right upright — after Chicago's first touchdown, but was good on every other kick, including field goals of 34 and 27 yards.
“You're going to think of some of the negative stuff, but I had a really good time playing here in Cincinnati,” Nugent said. “I hated to see my run here end.”
HUGE NUMBERS
The Bears' big offensive game came on the heels of two of their worst. They managed only 140 and 147 yards in losses to the Eagles and 49ers the past two weeks.
AJ & AJ
Green went in to play defense on Chicago's desperation pass at the end of the first half, which fell incomplete — Green wound up with the ball. Backup quarterback AJ McCarron got their first playing time of the season, filling in during the closing minutes. They were 4 of 8 for 47 yards with a sack.
ILOKA'S DAY
Bengals safety George Iloka initially was suspended one game for their hit to Antonio Brown's head during the Steelers' win on Monday. The suspension was overturned on appeal. Iloka had eight tackles, third on the team.
INJURIES
Bears: Right guard Kyle Long went on injured reserve with a shoulder injury, but the Bears' offensive line had its way as Chicago piled up 29 first downs, more than double Cincinnati's total.
Bengals: Running back Joe Mixon was inactive because of a concussion suffered on Monday night. Giovani Bernard carried 11 times for 62 yards as Cincinnati's offense managed only 234 yards.
UP NEXT
The Bears play at Detroit on Saturday. They lost to the Lions 27-24 on Nov. 19.
The Bengals play at Minnesota on Sunday, facing former defensive coordinator Mike Zimmer.
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
MIAMI, FL (JULY 02, 2018) – Center for Diagnostic Imaging Miami is changing the diagnostic medical imaging Miami industry owing to the technologically advanced imaging techniques. With a team of board-certified physicians, radiologists and technicians to guide the clients throughout the process, CDI Miami is becoming one of the most recommended diagnostic imaging Miami center. The services that they have on offer include x-ray services, PET scan Miami services, and nuclear medicine, PET CT of Miami, CTA, MRI Miami services, ultrasound, and open MRI Miami and 3D mammogram. Center for Diagnostic Imaging Miami is providing exemplary services owing to the dedicated team who focus on the client and considers their needs to be a priority. Center for Diagnostic Imaging Miami is one of the centers that has full body scan on offer as part of their preventive services.
“The Full Body Scan, Miami package was collaboratively designed by a team of concerned health care professionals at Digital Medical Imaging.” Center for Diagnostic Imaging Miami firmly believes in the importance of a healthy life for disease prevention. “Each component of the Total Body Scan has been carefully selected to screen for common diseases such as cancer, diabetes and heart disease. “ In addition to the total body scan, CDI Miami has a number of diagnostic medical imaging and preventive screening methods for breast, ovarian and prostate cancer screenings. Total Body Scan at CDI Miami includes high resolution Computerized Tomography Scan (CT scan) of head, neck, chest, abdomen and pelvis, cardiac calcium scoring and is followed by medical consultation with one of the physicians within 24-48 hours after the scan. With such a comprehensive scan, the team at CDI Miami is able to detect brain tumors, arterial or venous malformations, structural abnormalities, thyroid disease, tongue disease, vascular abnormalities, laryngeal carcinoma, atherosclerotic disease and neck masses, lung cancer, COPD or emphysema, pleural effusions, lymphoma, mediastina masses, aortic aneurysms or dissections and abnormalities in liver, gallbladder, pancreas, kidneys, spleen and stomach, small & large intestine. In addition to this, the total scan also indicates pelvis cancer and other abnormalities in prostate, bladder, ovaries, and uterus along with atherosclerotic disease evaluation with coronary artery calcium assessment.
CDI Miami also provides nuclear medicine, which involves thallium stress test to determine the efficiency of the blood flow un the heart during exercise and at rest, bone scan for the identification of damage days, thyroid scan and uptake to determine the size and functioning of thyroid gland and its proper functioning.
These services are enabled by the technological advances being used by Center for Diagnostic Imaging Miami.
About Center for Diagnostic Imaging Miami:
Center for Diagnostic Imaging Miami is a diagnostic center in Miami with a number of medical imaging and preventing screening options available. All the services are being implemented using the latest technologies and techniques and under the supervision of board-certified radiologists, physicians and technicians.
To read more about Center for Diagnostic Imaging Miami, visit
http://www.cdimiami.com/.
Media Contact:
Address: 20601 East Dixie Highway
Suite 350
Aventura, FL 33180
Phone: +1 (800) 371-0002
Website: http://www.cdimiami.com/
###
During their visit with Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, U.S. President Donald Trump said there would only be “tweaking” needed to the North American Free Trade Agreement.
Trump called the trading relationship between the U.S. and Canada “outstanding,” but has yet to outline what kind of tweaks they have in mind for NAFTA. During a press conference with Trudeau, Trump said they are more concerned with the U.S. trade relationship with Mexico under NAFTA.
Politico speculates Trump may be considering separate bilateral deals with both Canada and Mexico, breaking away from the decades-old three-nation trade pact.
Trudeau said they expect the U.S. and Canada to remain each other's most essential trading partners. Trudeau says changes to NAFTA are “a real concern for many Canadians” because how dependent Canada's economy is on the nation's relationship with the United States. Canada sends roughly 75 percent of its exports to the U.S.
JOHANNESBURG - The Rand yesterday shed nearly 6cents against the US dollar as investors anticipated an interest rate hike by the US Federal Reserve and await Moody's impending ratings review on South Africa.
The local currency was bid at R12.0484 to the dollar at 5pm, compared with its R11.9869 bid at the same time on Friday.
The markets largely expect that new US Federal Reserve (Fed) chairperson Jerome Powell will deliver their first rate hike at the conclusion of the Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC) meeting this week.
Allet Oppperman, an analyst at TreasuryOne, said the US dollar flexed its muscle yesterday in anticipation of the FOMC meeting and US interest rate decision.
“There are enough whispers and uneasiness in the market surrounding a possible inflation overshoot from the US that the Fed can indicate that they will look to hike rates more aggressively,” Opperman said.
“On the local side, we still have the land reform issue hanging like black clouds over the economy regarding how exactly it will take place, and what this does to the sentiment of international investors.”
The FOMC, which usually attracts plenty of attention, comes at a time when there are fears that the Fed could raise its benchmark interest rate at a faster pace, perhaps as many as four times this year.
The fears spooked markets last month, sparking a global stocks sell-off in early February.
Moody's, the only major agency with an investment grade rating on South African debt, but with a downgrade review, is scheduled to make a decision on Friday.
A cut to junk - following downgrades by S&P Global Ratings and Fitch - will see the country ejected from Citi's influential World Government Bond Index, triggering up to $8.5billion (R101.53bn) in selling by foreign investors.
Walter de Wet, a senior fixed income and currency strategist at Nedbank, said local markets could be dominated by Moody's rating review of South Africa.
“We expect Moody's to keep South Africa's local and foreign rating at Baa3 with a negative outlook. The currency may well find some short-term support on the back of this news,” said De Wet.
This week is jam-packed on the data front; the South African Revenue Services will today release the fourth quarter current account figures while Statistics SA will release the inflation rate for February.
- BUSINESS REPORT
