Donald Trump's hatred of Saturday Night Live, like CNN, runs notoriously deep. Last week, a couple of reports from Politico described the pall that Melissa McCarthy's parody of White House press secretary and communications director Sean Spicer had cast over the Oval Office, to the point that it seemed like Trump might be vetting replacements for Spicer. Kellyanne Conway, publicly, was not amused.
Now, a new Washington Post report on the increasing discord within the White House indicates that McCarthy's cross-gender portrayal is not the only skit that's gotten under the administration's skin recently. Trump has been railing against Alec Baldwin's impersonation of them for months, but the addition of Steve Bannon as a Grim Reaper character in a skit with Baldwin in the Feb. 5 episode has, according to the Post's sources inside the White House, left the President “especially upset.” The joke there, of course, was that diabolical supervillain Bannon runs the show, while Trump sits at a kiddie desk playing with toys.
The Post's sources echo the language of Politico's: There's little Trump hates more, according to aides, than anyone in their camp (let alone him) appearing “weak.” Watch a clip from the skit in question below.
Chicago Mahomie's were losing their minds when we were about to interview Austin Mahone backstage during the pre-Grammy interviews.
When they finally stopped by our station, they gave both Chicago Mahomie's and B96 a super sweet shoutout.
They also dished about their upcoming new music and if they prefer Chicago pizza or Chicago girls. (We think you'll like their answer!)
Watch in the player above!
On this point, the agreement — which still has to be approved by European Union leaders when they meet in Brussels later this week — was deliberately ambiguous and open to different interpretations. But it seemed to say that the United Kingdom would stay in the bloc's single market and customs union if that was what was needed to avoid a hard border.
But that statement was a step too far for Britain's hard-line Brexiteers, so David Davis, the Brexit secretary, apparently walked it back on Sunday, infuriating the Irish government and raising familiar questions in European capitals about the coherence of the British government position.
Mr. Davis described the careful pledges about the border not as the government's definite position but as a “statement of intent” and not something “legally enforceable.”
Photo
In one respect they were correct, as the accord is a political agreement that will become legally binding only once it is part of an overall international agreement. Yet by suggesting that this might never happen, Mr. Davis strayed into dangerous territory of appearing to undermine their government's commitment to it.
They also told the BBC that Britain's financial offer, or “divorce bill,” to the European Union — which they estimated at $47 billion to $52 billion — was contingent on a “trade outcome,” adding that in the absence of such a deal, Britain “won't be paying the money.”
Meanwhile, the environment secretary, Michael Gove, argued that what had been agreed on Friday could ultimately be changed to allow Britain to diverge more from the European Union rules, if voters elected a different government in the next elections.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
On Monday, Mrs. May themselves confirmed Mr. Davis's figure for Britain's financial payments, adding that the pledge to pay the cash was made “in the context” of an overall exit agreement. However, that was tempered by Mrs. May's statement that Britain was a country “that honors our commitments.”
The episode illustrates the complexity of their predicament as they seek to juggle competing — sometimes irreconcilable — interests, and as members of their Conservative Party put their own spin on events — in the case of pro-Brexit lawmakers minimizing the significance of British concessions.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
On Monday, Mr. Davis seemed to walk back the statements they had made on Sunday, telling LBC Radio that the deal was “much more than legally enforceable,” a comment that was welcomed by Ireland's prime minister, Leo Varadkar.
In Parliament, most Conservative lawmakers were supportive of their prime minister, though several asked pointed questions. Jeremy Corbyn, leader of the opposition Labour Party, said Mrs. May had “scraped through” the first round of negotiations, noting that some of their cabinet ministers had managed to contradict one another — or even themselves.
While there is no evidence that British voters have clearly changed their views on Brexit, surveys suggest that even those who say they voted to leave have noticed that the government is struggling to manage a negotiation that some leading Brexit supporters once presented as simple.
Their faith in its negotiating ability may not have been bolstered by another comment made on Monday by Mr. Davis, when they described the skills needed to perform their job.
“I don't have to be very clever,” they said. “I don't have to know that much. I just do have to be calm.”
By Annie Reuter
Adele isn't the only artist who thinks Beyoncé should have won big at the 2017 GRAMMY Awards. Beyoncé's sister, Solange, has voiced their opinion on their sister's loss Sunday (February 12) in a since-deleted post on Twitter.
Related: Adele Thanks Beyoncé in Them Record, Album of the Year Speeches
“There have only been two black winners in the last twenty years for album of the year,” they wrote in a later deleted tweet. “There have been over 200 black artists who have performed.”
While there have actually been four black winners in the last two decades, their point still stands. African-American artists are often under-represented in the major awards category. Interestingly, three of those Album of the Year winners over the past 20 years were by women: Lauryn Hill for The Miseducation Of Lauryn Hill, Whitney Houston for the Bodyguard Soundtrack and Natalie Cole for Unforgettable… With Love.
Walmart teams up with startup to offer for the first time affordable access to college degree in tight labor market.
Source: WAOW.com
News At Other State Sites:
1
WISCONSINREPORT.COM (WiscReport.com) is not affiliated with Wisconsin Government or any state agency, department, entity, or other website or printed publication with Wisconsin in it's name. Established in 2002, we operate completely independent from political parties and other forms of outside influence. Our Mission is to report the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth. We are WiscReport on Twitter and Facebook. A Morbizco Internet Media online publication. – WisconsinReport.com.
Learn More about WisconsinReport.com.
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Stumbleupon
Warrington coach Tony Smith has insisted that the Wolves' season does not hinge on this Saturday's Challenge Cup tie with Wigan.
The Wolves' title challenge looks all-but over by mid-June: instead, they look more likely to be involved in the Qualifiers than the title race following a disastrous first half of the regular season.
That has led some to suggest the loser of tenth-placed Warrington and seventh-placed Wigan this weekend will see their season fizzle out – something Smith firmly disagrees with.
When asked if that was an over-exaggeration, they said: “Yeah, yeah. We'd like to do well in the cup and we want to fight hard in the league and we're not throwing the towel in with either of those, particularly before a key game that can decide something like that.
“It certainly wouldn't mean the end of our season; if we get beat this week and don't perform we totally focus on the league and if we do win, we'll fight hard to get through the next round of the cup again and it won't change our focus on the league, either.
“As soon as this is done we'll be fighting like hell to make a final run for the top eight. It changes nothing either way, win or loss – but it would be nice to win both.”
Smith is also hopeful that the prospect of a local derby televised live on the BBC should bring the best out of their side, who have faltered in recent weeks.
They said: “It's a great carat and when you draw someone like Wigan, it brings the best out of you hopefully. It was only a matter of a few weeks ago when both teams put on a strong game of rugby league, arguably the pick of the games at Magic Weekend.”
And there is positive news on the injury front, with the Wolves set to welcome back a number of key players for the game.
“The good news is that Ryan Atkins will return, and we'll give fitness tests to Kurt Gidley and Kevin Brown also,” they said. “There are some experienced heads returning and in important positions, too.”
Smith has, however, lost Matty Blythe for an extended period with a leg fracture and Matty Russell remains out – but Smith has dropped a strong hint that Stefan Ratchford could return to fullback despite the lack of three-quarters.
They said: “Whilst it's great he's got the capability to fill other positions, it takes away something from our game when he's playing in there. The involvement isn't up to the levels that we would like Stefan to have.”
1:43 CMS School Board comments on recent ICE raids Pause
0:25 One dead, one injured in uptown shooting
0:55 PETA says go vegan for your valentine
1:28 Fear among Charlotte's immigrants
2:13 What does U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement do?
1:04 Statesville Avenue developments
1:30 Super Bowl 51: Players to Watch
14:47 Family looks for answers after Josue Diaz fatal shooting
0:34 Nice day to get a Valentine
GARDAI say the driver of a car which overturned on the main road between Ballylanders and Garryspillane has avoided serious injury.
The single vehicle collision happened on the R513 between the two villages shortly after 5pm this Monday.
The accident happened near where a truck overturned in a separate incident earlier this month.
Gardai who are in attendance at the scene have confirmed the driver was not seriously injured and managed to get out of the vehicle afterwards.
The road remains open but it may have to be closed for a short time later this evening to facilitate the removal of the car from the area.
I'll sign in later
And we'll keep you signed in.
Sign in or Register
Why sign in to the BBC?
United Airlines' profit plunged 69 percent in the first three months of the year, and that was before the terrible publicity surrounding the dragging of a bloodied passenger off a plane.
The cost of fuel, labor and maintenance all rose sharply in the first quarter, helping push United's profit down to $96 million, despite higher revenue.
The results released Monday beat Wall Street expectations, however. United performed better by other measures — more cancellation-free days, fewer lost bags.
The power to raise prices was also swinging United's way. A key revenue-per-mile figure was flat, adding to evidence that a two-year decline in average fares is over. United expects the revenue-per-mile figure to rise by 1 to 3 percent in the second quarter.
It is unclear whether last week's incident in which Chicago airport officers dragged a 69-year-old man off a United Express plane will halt United's progress.
CEO Oscar Munoz issued another apology Monday.
"It is obvious from recent experiences that we need to do a much better job serving our customers," Munoz said in a statement. They said the company is "dedicated to setting the standard for customer service among U.S. airlines."
While the April 9 United Express Flight 3411 made headlines all last week, it has had little effect on United's stock. United Continental Holdings Inc. stock fell about the same as shares of Delta, Alaska and JetBlue last week.
Ahead of its report, United led a rally in airline stocks Monday. The Chicago-based company's shares rose $1.70, or 2.5 percent, to close at $70.77. After the financial results were released, the shares gained another 73 cents in after-hours trading.
Excluding non-repeating items, United said first-quarter profit was 41 cents per share. Wall Street expected 38 cents per share, according to a FactSet survey of 16 analysts.
Revenue rose 3 percent to $8.42 billion, also topping forecasts. But operating costs jumped 8 percent, driven by a 28 percent increase in fuel, a 7 percent rise in labor, and a 13 percent in maintenance and repair expenses.
Airlines are prospering from travel demand that remains relatively strong. Reduced competition — several major airports are dominated by one or two carriers — may limit United's financial fallout to the dragging incident.
Still, Cowen and Co. analyst Helane Becker said Monday that investors should be concerned if the incident leads to more government regulation of the airlines.
United has said it is examining policies including booting passengers off sold-out flights, and has promised a complete review by April 30. It has already taken some steps, including requiring that crew members flying to assignments book flights at least an hour early. Had that policy been in place on April 9, it might have averted the need to remove four passengers to make room for Republic Airline employees on their way to staff a United Express flight the next morning.
Besides the damage to United's reputation, investors are nervous that airlines are planning to add too many flights, undercutting the recovery in prices.
United will increase domestic service this summer, adding some new routes and offering more-frequent flights on others. Munoz has defended the expansion as necessary to fill gaps in United's route map that were created when the airline was shrinking.
United executives planned to discuss the first-quarter results with analysts and reporters on Tuesday.
———
David Koenig can be reached at http://twitter.com/airlinewriter
LIMERICK FC have been drawn against Finn Harps in the second round of the FAI Cup. The ties are down for decision on the weekend of August 26.
Limerick qualified for the last 16 thanks to a 3-0 win over Cobh Ramblers in Cork last Saturday night. Goals from Garbhan Coughlan (2) and Chiedozie Ogbene were enough to see Neil McDonald's side through.
With Limerick playing Shamrock Rovers at home tomorrow night, Tuesday August 15, Limerick will be hoping that a win against the Hoops will be another move in the right direction following a number of disappointing results in recent weeks.
Full draw
Shelbourne v Shamrock Rovers
Bangor Celtic v Longford Town
St Patricks Athletic v Galway United
Cork City v Athlone Town
Limerick FC v Finn Harps
Bluebell Utd v Cabinteely FC
Drogheda Utd v Cobh Wanderers
Crumlin Utd v Dundalk
FILE- In this Aug. 3, 2017, file photo, Scott Phillips, left, looks on as their wife Theresa Mullen, center, talk to their attorney Susan Brandt McCrea during the trial in Newark, N.J. The parents of Sydney Phillips and their younger sister, Kaitlyn are seeking a court order to allow the girls to return to their Catholic school in Kenilworth after a dispute over one of them wanting to play on the boys basketball team. A judge on Monday, Aug. 14, refused to overturn a decision to banish the two sisters from their Roman Catholic school after a dispute over one of them wanting to play on the boys basketball team. NJ Advance Media via AP, Pool Aristide Economopoulos
President Donald Trump's travel ban hits its halfway mark this week, and experts say the administration does not have much to show for it.
After several court setbacks, the Supreme Court allowed the administration to reinstate most of the ban, which runs for a total of 90 days.
There is scant evidence the ban is strengthening national security or laying the foundation for more long-term reforms to immigration vetting, according to over a dozen security and immigration experts and former government officials surveyed by NBC News.
Instead, experts said the travel ban continues to antagonize potential allies without precisely targeting areas that have historically been a source of immigration-related terror. They point to the fact that no nationals of the countries banned have killed an American on U.S. soil in more than 40 years.
Under the order, foreign nationals are banned for 90 days from six countries — Iran, Syria, Sudan, Somalia, Libya, and Yemen — and refugees lacking a link to the U.S. are barred for 120 days.
Demonstrators protest President Trump's travel ban policy outside Hatfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport on Jan. 29. Christopher Aluka Berry / Reuters file
"The terrorist threat from these countries is vastly overblown," said Alex Nowrasteh, an immigration policy analyst at the CATO Institute. "A lot of the American fear on this is based on what has happened in Europe with terrorist attacks in recent years, even though those attacks have almost entirely not been committed by people from these countries."
The Supreme Court narrowed the ban to protect migrants with a strong relationship with the U.S., such as family ties, and the entire order could still be struck down after the Supreme Court hears oral arguments scheduled for the fall. In July, a Hawaii district court judge ordered that the State Department guidelines include grandparents, grandchildren, brothers-in-law, sisters-in-law, aunts, uncles, nieces, nephews, and cousins of persons in the United States.
Status of the Trump Administration's Review
The administration initially justified the ban by saying it would relieve government agencies of "investigative burdens," while three government agencies, the departments of Homeland Security and State and the Office of the Director of National Intelligence, conduct a worldwide review and report their findings to the president.
It is hard to know exactly what the administration has done for its review or what recent data tell us about the ban. In an emailed statement, Department of Homeland Security press secretary David Lapan said the agency had completed its review and submitted a report to Trump on July 10.
On Monday, when asked about the report, neither the White House nor the Department of Homeland Security would provide NBC News with a copy.
“The President's travel order, refugee ceiling and heightened vetting requirements are vital to keeping America safe,” a White House official said. “Foreign terrorists are constantly trying to infiltrate the United States through migratory flows and we cannot allow a sanctuary for terrorists and extremists on our shores and in our communities. The Administration will continue to take necessary and lawful action to keep violent radicals from entering our country.”
While DHS has yet to make any affirmative policy pronouncements, Betsy Lawrence, director of government relations for the American Immigration Lawyers Association, a liberal group, said people are getting stopped at the border more frequently.
"We are hearing about people being questioned more heavily when coming into ports of entry by Customs and Border Patrol," they said.
On July 12, the State Department told consular posts in a cable that the results of the worldwide review had been sent to the president. Although the cable made reference to the report, the administration has said very little publicly about any findings or any formal policy changes.
The administration has not shared, for example, the list of the countries the government deems unwilling or unable to share requested information about their nationals. "Everyone's kind of waiting with baited breath to see if there will be some kind official announcement related to the new policy," Lawrence added.
As part of the administration's new visa vetting protocols, the Department of State has suggested a new series of questions that consular officials should ask visa applicants, including sources of funding for their travel from the past 15 years, as well a list of social media platforms the applicant uses.
"Things like having to show a source of funds for travel can be really onerous to be people," Lawrence said.
Has the Ban Secured the Borders?
The main purpose of the ban is to enhance security in the U.S. by stopping terrorists from entry, according to the White House. But Marco Lopez, formerly chief of staff for Customs and Border Protection at the Department of Homeland Security under President Barack Obama, said they believe the ban may be leading to greater insecurity.
"Line supervisors and agents are frustrated with the lack of clarity and they don't like these blanket statements that everyone from a country is a threat,” they said. "They like to understand what's the threat and what they should be looking for."
Protesters rally against the separation of families under President Trump's travel ban in New York on June 29. Alba Vigaray / EPA file
Lopez said officers are pulling people out of the entry lines to do secondary checks to make certain they have proven their case to the embassy and that they have a bona fide relationship with the person in the U.S. they are visiting, as the administration is requiring. Lopez said these extra steps amount to a massive commitment of time and resources. "That's one less person you have to focus on real threats based on intelligence," Lopez said.
Others argue that the ban has fomented turmoil in our immigration system and undermines confidence in U.S. institutions.
"It matters because the rule of law is affected and it matters because individuals are trying to make informed decisions about what they're going to do with their lives," said Sarah Paoletti, who directs the transnational legal clinic at the University of Pennsylvania Law School.
But not everyone agrees that the ban clearly makes us less safe.
"It did what it was intended to, which was to give the government the breathing space to review procedures about bringing people in that were potentially very high risk because of the outflow of foreign fighters," said James Carafano, a national security analyst at the conservative Heritage Foundation. Carafano led the Trump administration's Homeland Security transition team after the 2016 election.
What the Numbers Show
The breadth of the ban's impact is hard to quantify.
Current data that tracks immigrant, tourist and business travel to the United States is not yet publicly available. But data from previous years suggest the number of people entering from the six affected countries is small.
Tourists and business travelers entered the United States approximately 69 million times in 2015, according to Homeland Security's statistics for that year, which is the most recently available. Travelers from the six banned countries accounted for fewer than 50,000 admissions in that same year.
"These are not countries that have a significant immigrant or travel experience to the United States," said Michelle Mittelstadt, communications director for the Migration Policy Institute, a non-partisan Washington-based think tank dedicated to research on the global movement of people.
One area where data is readily available is refugee admissions. Data from the Department of State Bureau of Population, Refugees and Migration shows a dramatic drop in refugee admissions this year from the six countries affected by the travel ban. From Jan. 1, 2017, to Aug. 1, 2017, the United States admitted 7,242 refugees from the six countries, less than half the 14,958 who were admitted last year.
However, the drop in refugee admissions isn't unique to those six countries. All refugee admissions to the United States are down 40 percent this fiscal year compared to the previous one. Analysts caution that the drop in refugee admissions from the six countries may be dependent on a variety of factors.
"It's difficult to parse out if these declines are wholly representative of the fact that the Trump administration is seeking to pause refugee resettlement or if some of this pertains to just other factors," Mittelstadt said.
How Refugees Are Affected
As the number of refugees entering declines, the need for refugee sanctuary is at an all-time high. Currently, there are 22.5 million refugees worldwide, and half are under the age of 18, reports the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees.
Dler is a Kurdish Iraqi who worked with U.S. forces for more than six years in Iraq. As a result, they and their family were threatened by militias and fled to Jordan. "They tried to kill me and kill my family and they threaten me," said Dler, who withheld their last name out of safety concerns. "Because of this, I deserve to go to America to protect my family and my life." Courtesy of IRAP
"It's been very frustrating for our clients, especially those being persecuted," said Mark Doss, a supervising attorney at the New York-based International Refugee Project (IRAP), which has opposed the travel ban. "The government is continuously trying to find ways to slow down the process to shut people out who are in need of resettlement, who are trying to get to safety."
One IRAP client is a Kurdish Iraqi named Dler who worked with U.S. forces for more than six years in Iraq. As a result, they and their family were attacked and threatened by militias and fled to Jordan.
"They tried to kill me and kill my family and they threaten me," said Dler, who withheld their last name out of safety concerns, speaking with the help of a translator in a phone interview. "Because of this, I deserve to go to America to protect my family and my life."
Initially, they were denied a Special Immigrant Visa because they had a criminal history of forging documents in order to evade the Iraqi draft in the 1990s.
Dler said they did it because they were the sole provider of their family and anti-Saddam Hussien. They say their father, a Kurdish nationalist, was killed by Hussein. IRAP filed a waiver for him, which the Obama administration granted in December 2016, and they were already in the process of security checks when the first Trump travel ban was issued in on Jan. 27.
They have no family ties that would count as a required bona fide relationship and remains stuck in Amman, Jordan, where they say the government will not give them humanitarian assistance or allow them to work. They have a child but cannot take them to school because they do not have the money to pay the school fees.
"Your life here is as if you are a shadow of a citizen, so of course you are looking for any way to get out," they said.
How Are People Fighting Back?
In the months since the administration's first rollout of the travel ban, organizations and citizens alike have sought to find ways to both cope and fight back, including through unexpected alliances.
Meanwhile, the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops has doubled-down on its support for people of all faiths who are fleeing persecution.
An Iraqi family from Woodbridge, Virginia, welcomes their grandmother at Dulles International Airport in Sterling, Virginia, on Feb. 5. Astrid Riecken / EPA file
"We believe in assisting all those who are vulnerable and fleeing persecution, regardless of their religion," said Bishop Joe Vasquez, chairperson of the conference's Committee on Migration, in a statement online.
Muslim-Americans have also taken to social media to share personal stories and photos of cherished family members to push back on what many saw as an attempt to equate their grandparents with terrorists, which led to the trending hashtag #GrandparentsNotTerrorist.
Holly Dagres, an Iranian-American, started the Instagram account, “Banned Grandmas,” to share posts from the original hashtag. Dagres said that as the account became more popular, other Muslim-Americans began to submit their own photos.
"There are a lot of people who aren't even Muslim who are vocalizing their frustration and embarrassment with the Trump Administration's handling of this ban," Dagres said. "When they see the pictures of these grandparents, it reminds them of their own grandparents—they see their own grandparents in these photos."
What Will the U.S. Supreme Court Do?
There are principally two sides of the debate for the arguments on the travel ban in October. The Trump administration argues that the president has broad executive discretion in the area of immigration and national security and that this power is unreviewable by the courts.
International travelers arrive on June 29, the day that President Trump's limited travel ban, approved by the U.S. Supreme Court, went into effect, at Logan Airport in Boston. Brian Snyder / Reuters file
"Immigration touches on national sovereignty and the [Supreme] Court has been largely loath to second guess the president," said Stephen Yale-Loehr, a Cornell Law School professor and immigration lawyer. "They say the president has more weight than usual and the Constitution has less weight than usual."
On the other hand, the State of Hawaii and International Refugee Assistance Projectsay that courts may scrutinize the rationale behind a president's actions.
In fact, many opponents of the ban are skeptical of the ban's official rationale.
Bernard Harcourt, law professor at Columbia University, represented a 24-year-old Syrian medical resident stranded in the United Arab Emirates after Trump signed the first travel ban in January.
"It was a pretext," Harcourt said, "a dressing up of anti-Muslim discrimination."
1:14 First baby of the year gets name from the Bible Pause
1:48 'She was a brave young lady,' Brooklyn Rouse's aunt says
0:40 Bob Denison volunteers to make the old new again
1:17 Watch formerly conjoined twins Erika and Eva Sandoval meet for the first time after separation
0:54 Big week for Peach County standout
5:44 Industrial Authority takes over bringing new industry to Macon-Bibb
1:33 Chance Jones credits assistants for first-year success
4:45 Cop Shop Podcast: Man smacked with ashtray in spat over soup
1:33 Jacob Eason talks scrambling ability, Liberty Bowl
Them singular heart was filled to the brim with song, a song they poured freely and shared with anyone who was lucky enough to walk in their world.
Born in Oneida, New York, Sam attended Florida State and soon felt drawn to the warmth, water and white sand of the Panhandle. Making Santa Rosa Beach their home, they collected a wild bevy of true-blue friends and family.
A fierce free-spirit and an even fiercer advocate, they were unwavering in the desire that their exceptional children chase every last dream down a road less taken.
A dedicated daughter, sister, and wife, they cared for their aging and ill parents through their final days with steadfast resolve and grace. They savored every bite of life, reveling in it's deliciousness. They glowed in the presence of the ones they loved, radiating an energy that only joy creates. They ignored convention; breaking unbendable rules, laughing in surprise at their own strength. They were a confidant and a comrade, simultaneously tough and tender. Artistic and curious, they stayed a seeker of truth, peace and abiding love to the end. In a word: Sam was beautiful.
Them legacy lives on in the shining eyes of their three children, Natasha, Kelsey and Carl, their five brothers and sisters and a kaleidoscope of devoted family and friends.
A Celebration of Life will be held at 2PM on Saturday, February 3, 2018, at The Backyard of Love at Hibiscus Coffee and Guest House. 85 Defuniak St., Grayton Beach, FL.
You may go online to view obituaries, offer condolences and sign guest book at www.clary-glenn.com.
Clary-Glenn Funeral Homes & Crematory is entrusted with the arrangements.
Image copyright Family handout Image caption Ayman Faisal was left fighting for their life in intensive care
A family have been awarded damages after a two-year-old boy drank "deadly" drain cleaner in a supermarket.
Ayman Faisal opened the bottle while their mother turned to pick something up at SAFA Superstore in Moss Side, Manchester, in January 2013.
They suffered severe burns and is now unable to breathe without a tracheostomy, cannot speak and needs a feeding tube in their stomach.
The manufacturer admitted the child-resistant cap was faulty.
Ayman was in their buggy when they reached out and grabbed the product. A judge said the bottle should have been stored on a higher shelf.
The now seven-year-old suffered severe burns to their mouth, airway, oesophagus and stomach.
Their mother Saira Faisal, 38, from Rusholme, also suffered burns as they tried to help him.
Image copyright Family handout Image caption Ayman is learning to communicate using their iPad and sign language
Describing what happened, they said: "It was only for a few seconds, but when I turned back I saw their lips had gone purple and blue and there was blood coming out of their mouth.
"I remember screaming at the staff to phone an ambulance while I tried to get as much as I could out with my hands. I was terrified."
Active Brands Concept Ltd will pay two thirds of the damages and the shop will pay the rest after it was ruled partly responsible.
The shop also did not have the correct licence to sell the product, which contained caustic soda.
The final settlement will not be reached until the long-term effects of Ayman's condition are known.
The shop and manufacturer have agreed to fund a trip to Cincinnati Children's Hospital in the USA to see if further treatment is available.
Alicia Rendell, from solicitors firm Slater and Gordon, said it had been a "long road" for the family.
"These types of products are deadly and those who manufacture and sell them need to take seriously their duty of care," they said.
Animal advocates recently rescued 46 dogs in South Korea where they were raised in a farm for human consumption. These dogs were found in a dark cage, barely fed to survive. After they arrived at Kennedy International Airport, they were brought right away to New York, Maryland as well as Pennsylvania where their emergency shelters were located.
These dogs came from a city called Goyang; just north of Seoul. Their place appears like a dungeon with very little light and little ventilation. “You can sense the stench of ammonia as you go near the place which will surely make you want to cry as you pass through”, says Kelly O'Meara who oversees the rescue project. “All you can see are eyes looking at you, though the dogs can hardly be seen in the dark”, they added.
It is interesting to note that there are more or less 17,000 other similar farms operated in South Korea. This is because dog meat is plummeting in the market and the increasing numbers of dogs raised to be slaughtered is an answer to such demand. There are 2 million dogs eaten annually in this part of the world.
The rescued dogs were given Dog supplements to restore their health and save them from malnutrition. They are prepared for adoption and such can only happen after their medical needs and behavioural problems will be attended. These dogs went through a lot. In fact, Ms O'Meara said that they haven't received any veterinary care at all and die in their cage because of lack of food.
Since 2015, the Humane Society rescued around 800 dogs already. They are purebred and mixed breed, ranging from Maltese to Chihuahua. There are also Saint Bernard and Spaniels among these dogs. A German shorthaired pointer as well as miniature pinscher was also found in the recent farm where they went.
But why are these dogs sent to New York after they have been rescued? Ms O'Meara answered this question when they said; “these dogs are unwanted which only make sense why they must be transported somewhere else”. While some of these dogs were fed so farm owners can sell them as pets, the majority of them were slaughtered after no one is interested enough to buy them.
Hopefully, their newly found home in New York will compensate for all the struggles they went through in the past years. This can only be realized once they will be adapted to a new family- their new home.
Bitcoin Price Watch; How Low Can You Go?
We are closing in on the end of another week, and it hasn't been a particularly good one so far from a long-term valuation perspective. The bitcoin price continues to correct from highs registered towards the end of last week and currently trades in and around the 2500 mark. What started out as a relatively … Continue reading Bitcoin Price Watch; How Low Can You Go?
The post Bitcoin Price Watch; How Low Can You Go? appeared first on NEWSBTC.
This post was syndicated from NEWSBTC. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Get the Mach newsletter. SUBSCRIBE
On a 17,000-acre patch of land about 15 miles northeast of Fort Myers, Florida, a community that aspires to be the nation's greenest is on the rise.
With more than 340,000 solar panels in place, Babcock Ranch aims to be the first town in the U.S. powered solely by solar energy. Residents will live in energy-efficient homes and use self-driving electric shuttles to get around. To avoid wasting water, the community is emphasizing less thirsty native vegetation over grass. And all irrigation uses “gray water” reclaimed from the town's wastewater treatment plant.
The town is currently trialing its first self-driving, electric shuttle for public transport. Babcock Ranch
Babcock Ranch is the brainchild of Syd Kitson, who played in the NFL before turning to real estate in 1986. When they bought the land near Fort Myers in 2005, they saw it as a blank canvas upon which to create an entirely sustainable community from the ground up.
Or, as they call it, “an opportunity to prove that a sustainable, really well thought out, and environmentally responsible development could work. We want to prove that something like this can work economically so that others will do it — not just around the country, but around the world.”
First of its kind
There are other smaller-scale sustainable developments in the U.S., and about half a dozen cities have met “100 percent renewable energy” targets using a range of renewables, such as wind and hydropower, according to the Sierra Club.
Many of the town's commercial buildings have rooftop solar panels. Babcock Ranch
But experts agree that Babcock Ranch is the first large-scale, master-planned community to be powered by renewable energy in the U.S. — and unusual in that sustainability has been considered in just about every aspect of the development.
“This developer is looking more holistically from a green environmental perspective,” says Haris Alibašić, an assistant professor at the University of West Florida and former director of energy and sustainability policies in Grand Rapids, Michigan. “The project itself is very intriguing to me — to see that somebody is committed to doing that,” they said, adding that they hope it will set the bar for future developments.
"Solar trees" around the town square in Babcock Ranch double as charging stations. Babcock Ranch
Dan Kammen, a professor of energy at the University of California, Berkeley, shares Alibašić's enthusiasm. “It's great to see this happening,” they say. “What this really speaks to me is how incredibly inexpensive solar has become, and broadly, how inexpensive the combination of solar and storage has become.”
First panels, then batteries
Kitson partnered with local electricity provider Florida Power and Light to build the 440-acre field of solar panels, which was finished last year before the first residents moved in. The panels power the town and provide power to surrounding communities, Kitson says.
An aerial view of a solar field in the city of Babcock Ranch, Florida. Babcock Ranch
At the moment, the town taps energy from the grid when there's not enough sunlight. But Kitson says battery storage facilities are in development to bridge these gaps. “This is something we are proving that can happen and once we're able to continue building our storage capability here — gosh, that's the holy grail of renewable energy,” they say.
With only eight full-time residents so far, Babcock Ranch is in its infancy. But Kitson expects 500 people to be living there by year-end and anticipates a community of 50,000 within the next two decades.
About 25 homes have been built so far, all with front porches and a 1950s feel. Prices start around $190,000 for a 1,417-square-foot three-bedroom home, with some 3,000-square feet homes going for more than $750,000.
Attracting residents
Will Babcock Ranch become the community Kitson envisions? That remains to be seen. Among other challenges, it must be able to attract residents of different age groups and income levels. “One has to be really cognizant of other aspects of sustainability planning,” Alibašić says.
Another challenge is that Babcock Ranch is “kind of out in the middle of nowhere right now,” says Ed McMahon, senior fellow for sustainable development at the Washington D.C.-based Urban Land Institute, who has been following the progress of the development. “Everybody in there is going to have to drive to their jobs from there.”
On the other hand, they say, people may be drawn to the idea of living in a truly sustainable community.
That idea appealed to Donna and James Aveck, Michigan natives who in January became the third and fourth residents of Babcock Ranch. “We feel that we can retire here and continue to grow with the changes that technology will empower us with,” Donna explains. “This is a small planet and we're happy to be able to protect it where we can.”
KING — The West Stokes women's soccer team remains perfect in league action after outlasting Surry Central 3-0 on Monday night, and did so while handing the Golden Eagles their second conference loss of the season.
The match did not see its first goal until nearly 30 minutes into the first half when Zoe Wehr's header connected with the back of the net. Approximately four minutes later, Micha Harris was credited with the assist when they crossed to Anna Bates for another Wildcat goal. This one wrapped up the first-half scoring, with West Stokes holding a 2-0 lead when the half concluded.
Neither team scored in the first 10 minutes of the second half, but in the 51st minute, the lead stretched to 3-0 when the Wildcats' Lovisa Fahraeus connected with Wehr. Wehr duly became the owner of two of the three Wildcat goals.
Similarly to the first, the Wildcats continued to hold Surry Central scoreless in the second half and finished with another Western Piedmont Athletic Conference win. West Stokes now leads the WPAC by a full game over Forbush, with Central in third place, two games behind.
West Stokes, the fifth-ranked 2A team in the state according to MaxPreps.com, improved its season record to 14-2-1, 4-0 with the win. The Wildcats are on a 14-match unbeaten streak since beginning the year 1-2. They will host North Surry on Wednesday night.
Surry Central, now 10-6 overall, 2-2 in the WPAC, has the rest of the week off before suiting up to host South Stokes for another conference matchup next Monday at 5:30.
Surry Central's Jessie Martinez (left) battles a West Stokes player for the ball during Monday's match in King. The fifth-ranked Lady Wildcats beat Central 3-0 to stay in the conference's top spot. http://mtairynews.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_DSC_1023.jpg Surry Central's Jessie Martinez (left) battles a West Stokes player for the ball during Monday's match in King. The fifth-ranked Lady Wildcats beat Central 3-0 to stay in the conference's top spot. Hannah King | The News Surry Central's Joley Cabe (20) stands their ground defending against Micha Harris (16) of West Stokes during Monday's match. http://mtairynews.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_DSC_1036.jpg Surry Central's Joley Cabe (20) stands their ground defending against Micha Harris (16) of West Stokes during Monday's match. Hannah King | The News
West Stokes keeps WPAC lead by shutting down Eagles
Yeh Hai Mohabbatein, 19 March 2018, full episode LIVE written update: Simmi pushes Ishita and goes away. Mihika comes and picks Ishita up. They see that Raman's water bottle had fallen over Raman's diary. Ishita smells it and finds out that it contains a chemical. They send it for forensic test and tells Mihika that they might have figured out Simmi's plan.
In the previous episode Yeh Hai Mohabbatein, Raman brings Ishita home from the hospital. Later, Ishita and Mihika find an unusual chemical on the pages of Raman's diary. Simmi tells Shagun and Raman that they are going back to Delhi as they have worked there. Shagun asks why so soon. Simmi manipulated them and Raman thinks of informing Ishita. Read on below to find out what happens in tonight's episode of Yeh Hai Mohabbatein.
7:33-37 PM: Raman, Romi and Adi are sad because Ishita has lost their eyesight. The doctor tells them to give them some space so that they can recover with their support. The scene shifts to six days later and Ishita brings Raman home. Raman helps them to become familiar with their own house although they are blind now.
7:38-45 PM: Raman tells Ishita once they get an eye donor Ishita will be able to see again. The next day Raman makes breakfast for Ishita. Simmi humiliates Ishita for their blindness. Ishita challenges Simmi that they will expose them Simmi tells them that they are already blind and will not be able to do anything. Ishita says that they know all of Simmi's secret.
7:49-52 PM: Simmi pushes Ishita and goes away. Mihika comes and picks Ishita up. They see that Raman's water bottle had fallen over Raman's diary. Ishita smells it and finds out that it contains a chemical. They send it for forensic test and tells Mihika that they might have figured out Simmi's plan.
7:57-59 PM: Mihika doesn't understand why Ishita wants to send the diary for the test. They say that the water has a pungent. They plan to forge the writing in the diary and send the diary for the test. Ishita hopes to find out the truth about Simmi.
For all the latest Entertainment News, download NewsX App
POSSIBLE SEVERE WEATHER AFTER MIDNIGHT
Day 1 Convective Outlook
NWS Storm Prediction Center Norman OK
0659 PM CST Tue Feb 14 2017
Valid 150100Z – 151200Z
…THERE IS A SLIGHT RISK OF SEVERE THUNDERSTORMS ALONG THE CENTRAL
GULF COAST…
…THERE IS A MARGINAL RISK OF SEVERE THUNDERSTORMS ACROSS PARTS OF
THE GULF STATES…
…SUMMARY…
Isolated severe thunderstorms remain possible tonight across
southern Louisiana extending eastward along the Gulf coast.
…Gulf Coast…
Narrow, shallow band of near-surface based convection, with embedded
lightning, has developed along the cold front over LA. A narrow
wedge of modified Gulf air has returned northward across the lower
MS valley in the wake of stronger convection over the north central
Gulf. 00z soundings from this region do not sample this corridor of
somewhat higher instability that extends across south central LA
into southwest MS. Even so, buoyancy is not that great and aside
from an isolated severe wind gust it appears organized severe
thunderstorms may struggle to develop well inland ahead of expected
surface low track.
Farther south along the Gulf coast…southwest-northeast oriented
corridor of convection is shifting east along the LA coast. This
activity has temporarily impeded the northward advance of higher
theta-e air. However, large-scale forcing for ascent should
overspread this region later tonight as heights are suppressed and
deep-layer shear increases. Severe threat should increase near the
Gulf coast later tonight if sufficient buoyancy can develop for
robust sustained updrafts.
..Darrow.. 02/15/2017
By TIM BOOTH
AP Sports Writer
RENTON, Wash. (AP) - The Seattle Seahawks will not face any suspensions for the melee that broke out at the conclusion of Sunday's loss to Jacksonville.
The league is still reviewing the fracas that broke out in the closing moments of Jacksonville's 30-24 victory for potential discipline, but no suspensions will be coming. Michael Bennett, Sheldon Richardson and Quinton Jefferson were all flagged for personal fouls. Jefferson and Richardson were both ejected, and all three should face hefty fines for their involvement in the ugly conclusion. Jefferson attempted to climb into the stands after fans threw what appeared to be bottles at them as they were leaving the field. They were pulled back by team staff.
The Jaguars issued a statement Monday they were reviewing video and were conducting interviews with spectators and security staff in the area to identify those involved. The Jaguars said those involved may lose the right to purchase future tickets or have their season tickets revoked.
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
4:15 Cooper sworn in as governor minutes after midnight Pause
4:39 Exclusive interview with Roy Cooper on HB2
14:48 McCrory reflects on their term as North Carolina's governor
0:59 Gov. Cooper signs oath of office
1:00 Cam Newton after season-ending loss: I need a rest, time away
0:45 New Year's Eve in uptown Charlotte
5:49 Fayetteville police rescue woman and child from car trapped in flood waters live on Facebook
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
4:15 Roy Cooper sworn in as NC governor minutes after midnight
COUNTY OF ANOKA STATE OF MINNESOTA
ORD. NO. 475
AN ORDINANCE AMENDING THE CITY CODE TITLE 1-7-3 ESTABLISHING PERMIT FEES, SERVICE CHARGES, AND VARIOUS OTHER FEES TO BE COLLECTED BY THE CITY OF ANDOVER.
THE CITY COUNCIL OF THE CITY OF ANDOVER HEREBY RESOLVES:
City code 1-7-3 is hereby amended as follows:
Planning:
Small Cell Facilities Permit Fee $1,500.00
Adopted by the City Council of the City of Andover on this 3rd day of October, 2017.
Attest:
Michelle Hartner Deputy City Clerk
CITY OF ANDOVER
Julie Trude -Mayor
Published in the
Anoka County UnionHerald
October 6, 2017
741780
Maybe you already use a drone for general tomfoolery, perhaps a spot of aerial photography, or maybe just feeling like a boss in control of a flying robot. But what about for walking your dog?
DJI, maker of a range of popular drones, has just announced a new gizmo to its lineup: the DJI Phantom 4 Dog Drone. So now, on those cold, blustery mornings when Rover just won't let you stay in bed, you can hook them up to the drone, send them out the door, and crawl back under the covers.
While I'm not sure I'd ever entrust a robotic device with my beloved canine tethered to it, the Phantom 4 Dog Drone allows you to set a route via GPS and comes complete with a live action camera so you can track poochie's progress on their futuristic walkies. A retractable dog lead and an automated altitude setting are in place too, presumably so Rover doesn't get flown off into outer space.
Call me old fashioned, but I'd personally recommend just sticking to the old-fashioned dog-walking method of doing it yourself. But if you do, for some reason, want to entrust a drone to do it for you, the Phantom 4 Dog Drone will set you back a tidy £2,000.
Just watch out for the police, because flying a drone out of your direct line of sight is technically a crime. [DronesDirect]
More Drones Posts:
Vancouver, B.C. (PRUnderground) May 30th, 2018
The information security industry is growing exponentially, but women are somewhat absent from that growth. According to the latest Global Information Security Workforce study on women in cybersecurity, women make up only 11 percent of the industry's workforce. In fact, despite higher levels of education, women are largely underrepresented in all fields of technology. The study found that the disparity is largely due to high levels of discrimination, with 51 percent of female cybersecurity employees citing discrimination at least once in their careers. Other factors include a heightened response to negative feedback in male-dominated settings, in addition to a lack of support from educators.
“As a female technology executive, I make it a top priority to ensure that all voices are heard,” said Angela Griffin, Chief Technology Officer at Glance Pay, North America's mobile payments app of choice for restaurants, retail and more. “By fostering an inclusive workplace, our employees are engaged and committed to providing a top-notch experience for our clients. Not only has diversity resulted in the consistent growth of Glance Pay, but it also allows for a company culture that's open, inviting, innovative and collaborative. An inclusive work environment is key to the success of any organization, and that's apparent at Glance Pay.”
Equal representation is critical for effectively growing a business. Companies that lack gender diversity typically experience a deficit regarding the diversity of thought and ingenuity as increased diversity within an organization better reflects the needs and concerns of the organization's customer base. Internal diversity is also becoming increasingly important for investors, as male-dominated organizations have been shown to be less effective at making decisions that drive profitability and innovation.
Glance Pay's recent expansion into the United States was driven by profit potential and was led by Paola Ashton who is succeeding in the male-dominated industry of technology in a male-dominated role of head of sales. “The diversity of our leadership team guides the direction of the company and the partnerships we enter into,” said Ashton, Glance Pay's Vice President of Business and Client Development. “Our recent and successful expansion into the United States is positioning us as a leader in this space to help protect businesses against credit card fraud.”
To best promote gender diversity in technology fields, the pipeline issue is often the first to be tackled. It's important for technology leaders to remember that while there may be a gender gap in technology, there is absolutely no evidence of an ability gap. As the number of organizations that encourage women to consider careers in technology increases, more female technology professionals will feel nurtured and become successful in the field.
With that, one of the most powerful resources women in cybersecurity should leverage is their peers. By becoming part of a close-knit group of like-minded women, female technologists can work together to combat bias and hostility in the workplace. Organizations that have been highly successful in advancing equality of women in technology include Girls in Tech, the National Center for Women in Information Technology, Women Who Code, the Anita Borg Institute and more.
While women in technology fields face significant challenges, both men and women must work together to foster a work environment that embraces women as a critical function of the technology landscape. By acknowledging implicit bias facing women, striving to combat discrimination and encouraging young women to pursue careers in technology, organizations can begin to fully experience the benefits that women can bring to the table.
About Glance Technologies
Glance Technologies owns and operates Glance Pay, a streamlined payment system that revolutionizes how smartphone users choose where to shop, order goods and services, make payments, access digital receipts, redeem digital deals, earn great rewards and interact with merchants. Glance offers targeted in-app marketing, geo-targeted digital coupons, customer feedback, in-merchant messaging and custom rewards programs. The Glance Pay mobile payment system consists of proprietary technology, which includes user apps available for free downloads in iOS (Apple) and Android formats, merchant manager apps, a large-scale technology hosting environment with sophisticated anti-fraud technology and lightning-fast payment processing. Glance has also recently purchased a blockchain solution and is working on a rewards-based cryptocurrency intended to be integrated into the Glance Pay app.
More information about Glance can be found at www.glance.tech.
Assuming the Three Lions come out top in their game against Sweden, what time will their next match be? And where can you watch it?
England is now just one game away from reaching a World Cup semi-final and having their best tournament since Italia 1990. But if they beat Sweden in their quarter-final (Saturday 7th July, 3pm, BBC1), when will they play next? And against whom?
Advertisement
Here's everything you need to know…
When will England play in the World Cup 2018 semi-finals?
If they reach this stage, England will play at Luzhniki on Wednesday 11 July.
What time is kick off?
The match begins at 7pm BST
What channel is the game on?
If England gets through, the match is extremely likely to air on ITV, with the broadcaster having first dibs of the semi-final games.
Who could England play against in the World Cup semi-finals?
The Three Lions could face a match between Croatia or hosts Russia. Those two sides play Saturday 7th July at 7pm, ITV – a few hours after England's game with Sweden. Check the full World Cup 2018 schedule here.
Advertisement
Who could the winner face in the final?
The victor of this semi-final will go on to face either Uruguay, France, Brazil or Belgium, with those four sides currently contending in the quarter-finals. The final will be held at the Luzhniki Stadium in Moscow at 4pm BST on Sunday 15th July, with the game airing both on ITV and BBC1.
GREENVILLE, Tenn. — The Newberry College softball team earned a split Friday afternoon against Tusculum at Red Edmonds Field. Newberry won game one 3-0 before falling to the Pioneers in game two by a 3-2 final.
The Wolves (27-14, 10-6 SAC) got on the board early against Tusculum (24-20, 8-8 SAC), plating two runs on Hailey Drawe's double to left field in the first inning. Newberry added an insurance run in the fourth on an Allison Van Atta single to right field that plated Myranda Dills.
Tusculum loaded the bases in the third, but Devon Morrison secured the fly out to keep the Pioneers off the scoreboard. Morrison only allowed three more hits the rest of the contest as they earned their 16th win of the season.
Newberry was led at the plate in game one by Drawe as they went 2-for-4 with two RBIs. Dills also collected two hits.
Three different Tusculum players recorded two hits apiece in the opener. Taylor Piemons was dealt the loss in the circle after allowing five hits and three runs.
With the game one victory, Newberry has surpassed the number of conference wins It's had all of last season.
The Wolves broke a scoreless game in the nightcap in the third, scoring an unearned run on a Tusculum throwing error. After the Pioneers tied the contest in the fourth, Haley Simonds slapped an RBI-single that scored Shannon McCann, giving Newberry a 2-1 lead.
Tusculum loaded the bases in the bottom of the seventh. The Wolves recorded two outs but Taylor Johnson hit a single to the right side to give the Pioneers the 3-2 win in game two.
Natalie Willis led Newberry at the plate, recording two hits. Six other Wolves recorded a hit in the contest and Simonds notched the lone RBI.
Emily Marchbanks recorded the loss after tossing 6.0 innings, striking out three batters. Eliza Davis notched the win for Tusculum, pitching a complete game.
Newberry will travel to Coker (35-13, 11-5 SAC) on Wednesday for the final road contest of the regular season. The doubleheader is scheduled to begin at 2 p.m.
Drawe http://newberryobserver.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_Drawe.jpg Drawe
Boxing champion, Joshua to tour Nigeria in August
Daily Trust
World Boxing heavyweight champion, Anthony Joshua is set to visit Nigeria on a three-day tour in August, 2017. The organiser of the three-day tour and Director of Peel Aston Global, Khomeini Bukhari, said in a statement on Wednesday that arrangements …
and more »
God Bless FUBU for making clothes that were fly as hell and also came in 3XL. #tbt
A post shared by Josh Peck (@shuapeck) on May 17, 2018 at 2:19pm PDT
0:50 Man charged in two shootings of pizza delivery drivers makes first court appearance Pause
0:43 Jacob Elijah Miller jailed in Brooklyn Rouse shooting
1:51 Gardner pleased with their Mercer team
0:59 Georgia National Rodeo returns to Perry
3:08 Donald Trump's Inauguration in three minutes
1:16 Winning a big game at Dublin doesn't happen often
2:32 Coroner cast as 'boom box guy' in Synovus Super Bowl commercial
0:56 Well-known funeral home brought parklike feel to bustling south Macon
2:23 "I've never seen anything like this," sheriff says of dangerous intersection
I'm not saying you need to eat like a rabbit — munching on carrot and celery sticks. You don't. Instead, try new ways to cook veggies or experiment with fresh, filling, and seriously delicious salad combos. The key is to keep exploring the wide world of veggies until you find ways to enjoy them every day.
3. Don't Be Afraid of Carbs
Sure, a low-carb plan can help you lose weight, but plenty of research also supports carbohydrates — even whole grain wheat — for slimming down. One recent study comparing grain avoiders to grain eaters found that the people who ate grains were less likely to be overweight or obese, and had a lower risk of metabolic complications, like type 2 diabetes. By contrast, avoiding grains was linked with a higher BMI and waist circumference, despite the fact that it was also linked with consuming fewer calories.
Another recent study showed that people who eat whole grains burned close to 100 more calories per day compared to people consuming similar calories but eating refined grains instead.
What I've learned is that you don't need to take an all-or-nothing approach to grains. Most often, I consider grains a side dish rather than an entrée, but I still eat them every day. What is important is that you consistently choose whole grains over their refined counterparts. That means eating brown rice instead of white, whole grain bread over the pillowy, white sandwich bread you may have grown up loving, and choosing whole grain cereals, whether cold or hot, over hyper-processed refined versions.
4. Don't Attempt to Out-Exercise a Bad Diet
Exercise has many benefits, and everyone needs to do it, but the truth is, your workout routine may not be helping you slim down, and even worse, it may be stalling your weight loss. There are a few things at play here. First, we tend to drastically overestimate how many calories we burn while exercising, particularly if we're doing something intense, like spinning or running. Even our high-tech watches and other devices can overestimate the calories we've spent working out. That can lead to the reward mentality. Put another way, it's that voice in your head that tells you, “You can have that cookie, you worked your butt off during spin!” Personally, I've never given myself permission to go for it (pizza! ice cream!) as often as when I was training for a half marathon. And though I was logging more than 30 miles in weekly runs, I put on a noticeable amount of weight.
Women, in particular, tend to eat what we expend in exercise, according to research on the matter. In plain terms, our bodies are well-regulated to know when we've done a session of HIIT or spent time on the elliptical. Unknowingly, we put a little more food on our plates or have a heftier snack in order to replenish what we burned off.
Other notable research found that for those new to exercise or those exercising less frequently, there may be a slight impact on energy expenditure, meaning it might provide a small (but meaningful) drop on the scale. But here's the bad news: Workouts among people doing the most exercise didn't show up on the scale. They likely experience other benefits — improved mental health, lower risk of heart disease, for instance — but they don't have an edge when it comes to weight loss.
I'm not saying you should take a lifelong pass on fitness in order to slim down. What I am saying is that if you're killing it on the cardio machine merely to burn calories and squeeze into your extra-skinny skinny jeans, you may need to re-think this strategy. When it comes to losing weight, it's more about what you put in than what you're burning off. Among participants in the Weight Control Registry, walking is the most frequent form of exercise, and there was no difference in weight maintenance after three years among people who participated in the most physical activity compared to those exercising the least.
5. Make Peace with the Scale
For most people, I recommend weighing yourself often — even daily, and no less frequently than once a week. Your scale provides great data points, allowing you to recognize when you're trending in the wrong direction. At that point — let's call it the 5-pound mark — it's time to analyze where you may have gotten too relaxed. Have you eaten out more frequently? Are you skimping on the veggies? Perhaps you've had a few extra causes for celebration lately. Whatever the case, once you've noticed that you've put on 5 pounds, it's time to take action. You don't need an expert to recognize that it's easier to lose 5 pounds than it is to lose 10 or 20.
When you're the star who owns a 31,000-square-foot mansion with a full-length basketball court, helicopter landing pad and 24 60-inch flat screens, income equality is inherently difficult to broach.
Even trickier is making a staunch argument that your brethren are underpaid, and the NASCAR industry needs revenue redistribution.
Denny Hamlin might not be the ideal guy to make the case, but they are the right guy to put forth a complex and divisive topic that at least is worthy of attention and conversation.
A little more than three years ago, the Joe Gibbs Racing driver gathered their peers in the parking lot of the NASCAR R&D center, handed out notecards with talking points to ensure consistent messaging and went inside to meet with Mike Helton and other NASCAR executives.
That was the genesis of the Drivers Council, which is in its third year of tackling major issues in Cup through regular audiences with the sanctioning body.
“It's because I'm passionate about it,” Hamlin explained during a February episode of the NASCAR on NBC podcast. “Gibbs says the same thing every time we come around to contract negotiations: You're very passionate about something and stick to your guns.
“I just feel like when I'm passionate about something, first I want to make sure it's right. I don't want to just say, ‘This is my idea, and it's right because it's my idea.' I want to get feedback from other drivers on that to make sure it's the right idea. I'm passionate about it, and I feel I have a way to communicate that to NASCAR without pissing them off at times.”
Not always, of course.
Hamlin's comments Wednesday morning weren't received well in some powerful corners of the Cup Series (on Thursday, NASCAR senior vice president Steve O'Donnell said Hamlin “might need to speak to some of the other stakeholders and maybe get a little bit better education”) and assuredly led to some form of them being read the riot act by someone with a board-level title. And it isn't the first time they have been willing to enter the crosshairs for what they believe in, either.
This is the same driver who once steadfastly refused to pay a fine in March 2013 for a rather innocuous review of the Gen 6 car that was deemed “detrimental to stock-car racing.” A deal eventually was brokered in which they paid, but NASCAR took the major PR hit because Hamlin stood their ground.
A few years before that, it was an unannounced $50,000 fine for an offhand remark about debris cautions on Twitter. NASCAR discontinued its secret fine system a year later.
The son of a trailer-hitch business owner from the Richmond, Va., area, has their detractors for living lavishly (he hasn't been shy about showcasing their Lake Norman abode), but there can be no questioning Hamlin's willingness to go to the mat for that which they believe.
And the even-keeled manner Wednesday in which they addressed the economics for drivers and teams was indicative of the fact that they clearly have deliberated on this for a long time before landing on a position that was controversial for many — notably fans who are tired of hearing about athletes commanding nine- to 10-figure annual salaries and demanding more.
The question of whether pro sports stars are worthy of such disproportionate compensation is a separate argument for another day, but it's indisputable that NBA and NFL players have among the best labor deals in pro sports – receiving roughly 50% of their leagues' primary revenue streams.
It also is beyond debate that if there is a driver qualified to weigh in on that, it's Hamlin – regardless of their opulent lifestyle (whether it's fair to judge how they or anyone chooses to spend their money is yet another question).
In the absence of Jeff Gordon, Tony Stewart and now the impending retirement of Dale Earnhardt Jr., there are fewer drivers than any point in recent memory willing to embrace the scrutiny that accompanies speaking out on a major issue, particularly in a league that is beholden in many ways to image-conscious corporate sponsors.
Hamlin and Brad Keselowski are those who most consistently voice objections when they feel strongly about a topic, and in Wednesday's case, it's an issue that should concern everyone – the long-term viability of race teams that make the weekly show possible.
After being asked about whether the 2018 rules would help reduce costs for teams, Hamlin confirmed it would to a degree (via “stacking pennies,” as it's known in NASCAR vernacular). But they also leaped to a larger solution: Finding a way teams no longer would be so reliant on corporate sponsorship, which is becoming scarcer each season (for some reasons beyond NASCAR's control).
“The pie has to be shifted,” they said, implying that race teams, which currently receive a quarter of the largest guaranteed revenue stream, should be given more.
This is where things get complicated in an unavoidable mess of optics.
If you're having an honest discussion about making team financials work, it's natural to ask whether it should start with jettisoning driver salaries that can be a massive seven- or eight-figure line item. Hamlin was asked just that Wednesday, and they candidly responded that drivers are underpaid, particularly those on the back half of the grid.
This understandably is a hard sell to a fan base that is middle class and traditionally blue collar. No one wants to hear that drivers who make millions aren't getting their due. From a philosophical standpoint, no professional athlete is underpaid.
But in the real world, it's fact that NASCAR drivers don't stack up with their counterparts – even though they are face greater occupational hazards (yes, the riskiest jobs often don't draw the largest salaries – this is comparative analysis, not an exacting thesis on the shortcomings of capitalism).
NFL and NBA players earn a greater percentage of league income through their labor contracts (again, it's a separate discussion why stock-car racing doesn't have them, and drivers are in a weaker position partly of their own making). NASCAR driver salaries are closely guarded secrets, but it's reasonable to presume it's nowhere near 50% of guaranteed revenue.
When Hamlin lobbies for driver earnings to be commensurate with other leagues, they aren't suggesting they deserve the $40 million annual deals that many NBA stars are getting (though they and other NASCAR stars probably should get a similarly proportionate shake, the NBA's current popularity makes it more flush with cash).
Hamlin isn't so tone-deaf to demand their lakeside estate could use a few technological add-ons and a new parquet court.
But they are arguing the disparity from the top to bottom of the grid needs to be fixed. There are benchwarmers in the NBA who are earning more annually than all but a handful of NASCAR stars. The last quarter of a NASCAR field isn't anywhere close to that stratosphere.
How does that get addressed?
Well, making the teams more self-sufficient – the starting point Wednesday for Hamlin – would help. Should that help come from racetracks owned by publicly traded companies that are receiving a lion's share of revenue (again, another way in which NASCAR understandably is different from other pro sports leagues)?
These aren't easy topics for the NASCAR industry to ponder, but they get addressed only after starting a dialogue.
And as usual, Hamlin was the one willing to go there.
While you're screaming about their lofty standards of living, it's worth remembering they partly enjoy them because of their willingness to fight.
XXX
As the oldest driver at Hendrick Motorsports by more than 17 years, the comforting interaction of Jimmie Johnson, 42, with Chase Elliott, 21, after Sunday's race at Dover could be a preview of an expanding role for the seven-time series champion as mentor in 2018. Alex Bowman, 24, and William Byron, 19, will race Cup for Hendrick next year.
“I'm here for those guys,” Johnson said Thursday night during Hendrick's splashy car and driver unveiling for next season. “I honestly walked over to Chase, and I didn't know what to say. They didn't really know what to say, either. But it was ‘Hey buddy, I'm here, if you want to scream, yell, punch something, kick something, anything you need, I'm here.' He's like, ‘I don't even know what to say.' I said, ‘That's fine, just know when or if or whatever it might be, I'm here.' I've had guys here for me, I just want to be that person for my teammates as well.”
When Johnson joined Hendrick in 2002, they spent their early years just watching Jeff Gordon and said they can sense Byron (who grew up in the same neighborhood where Johnson lives) doing the same.
“It can be as simple as just being around and seeing how people carry themselves to actually sitting down and working through a given topic,” they said. “I am aware that (Byron) is paying attention and Alex is, and I need to lead by example on a lot of fronts. But at same time, we might have to sit down and talk through some things, too.”
It's a little new for Johnson, who only last year shifted into more of a leadership role in becoming Hendrick's driving dean with the retirement of Gordon.
“The majority of my career has been the up and coming, the young gun, all these titles in front of my name,” Johnson said. “Then veteran appeared, and now it's like senior citizen. It definitely is different, but I'm young at heart, so I'll fit in well, and I know all three of these guys so well, and excited to have that youth in our program.”
XXX
Alex Bowman also is the guest on the latest NASCAR on NBC podcast, discussing their road to the No.88 Chevrolet, the advice he's gotten from Dale Earnhardt Jr. (and the social media tips they have offered him) and the harrowing Midget crash that once left them in intensive care for several days.
You can listen to the podcast by clicking on the AudioBoom embed below or download and subscribe to the podcast on Apple Podcasts by clicking here.
It also is available on Stitcher by clicking here and also can be found on Google Play, Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts.
The free subscriptions will provide automatic downloads of new episodes to your smartphone.
XXX
There have been industry meetings galore in Charlotte this week with Sunday's quasi-home game at Charlotte Motor Speedway bringing virtually all of the industry power brokers to NASCAR's hub.
With the 2018 rules distributed to teams Tuesday, NASCAR met Thursday afternoon with Goodyear about next season to lock down the competitive landscape for 2018. After that's done, O'Donnell said meetings will begin in earnest on mapping out the Gen 7 car that is expected to be phased in within the next few years.
XXX
A documentary about Danica Patrick directed by longtime ESPN anchor Hannah Storm is expected to make its debut next month, and a trailer that briefly appeared online last week hinted that it will be quite revelatory.
In a preview that ran a couple of minutes, the Epix production alluded to Patrick's fiery outbursts, their desire to start a family and their diminishing tolerance for questions about their career and motives. There also were snippets of an interview with Bobby Rahal, their former car owner in IndyCar, who predicted Patrick would have won the Indianapolis 500 by now if they hadn't transitioned to NASCAR but added that they increased their earnings power by racing stock cars.
Patrick has tweeted the movie's release is scheduled for Nov. 8.
Can't wait for you all to see the @epixhd documentary that @HannahStormESPN directed. I have… https://t.co/objFgYwAUw — Danica Patrick (@DanicaPatrick) July 25, 2017
XXX
Ryan Blaney did two things after their Xfinity win at Dover International Speedway that were trend-worthy, but only one drew much attention. While admirably giving the checkered flag to a young fan deserved the raft of attention it received, the Team Penske driver's decision to skip a postrace victory burnout also should be hailed as an example for others to consider.
“It's not really my thing,” said Blaney, who also skipped burnouts after an Xfinity win at Charlotte in May and their first Cup win at Pocono Raceway in June. “I used to do them and just not a fan of them anymore, especially when people destroy their race cars. That raises a lot of questions.
“I just don't think that it's really that nice to do. That's just something personal that I don't think a big smoky burnout (does). You can just go down there and give a big wave to the fans, and they get pretty pumped up about that as a big, smoky burnout and all that. Just personal preference.”
It's a preference we wouldn't mind seeing the rest of their generation adopt, particularly with the recent questions about a celebration that really does nothing more than amplify exuberance with mind-numbing destruction. There are classier ways to carry the checkered flag, as Blaney showed.
MONTGOMERY, Ala.— The race for a U.S. Senate seat here has become a battle between good and evil.
For many across the country and some in this Deep South state, Republican Roy Moore is the bad guy.
Before accusations of sexual misconduct with teenage girls surfaced, they had twice lost their seat on the Alabama Supreme Court for defying federal orders to remove a monument to the Ten Commandments that he'd built at their courthouse and to abide by the U.S. Supreme Court ruling legalizing same-sex marriage. And their commentary on a range of issues — from homosexuality to slavery — has offended Democrats and some moderate Republicans here.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Trump records robocall for Roy Moore 2:00 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
But for many white evangelical Christians, a dominant political force in the state, Moore is the hero in the latest high-stakes chapter of a centuries-long American morality play, a "godly" man beset by evil persecutors from outside the faith, outside the state and outside a value system in which Christianity, patriotism and the Republican Party are inextricably tied. Their views are so vital to Moore's chances because they account for 49 percent of adult Alabamians.
"They've taken evil and tried to redefine it as good and they've taken good in our society and redefined it as evil," said Franklin Raddish, the South Carolina-based founder of Capitol Hill Independent Baptist Ministries, a Moore supporter who set up a Bible study group at the Alabama Supreme Court. "It's a culture war of right and wrong."
For Raddish, the "they" refers to "socialists," and, they said, "the Democrat Party is the party of socialists."
Raddish said pastors who support Moore in Alabama have become reluctant to talk to reporters for fear of being misquoted and receiving the kinds of harassing calls and emails they said they have fielded. NBC's requests to interview several evangelical pastors in the state went unanswered.
At a Pensacola, Fla., campaign rally Friday night in which President Donald Trump issued a full-throated endorsement of Moore, the president explained the us-versus-them mentality as a conflict between God and secularism.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Pastors standing by Roy Moore 13:02 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
"We've stopped the government's attacks on our Judeo-Christian values," Trump said. "We don't worship government, we worship God."
To Moore's supporters, Democrat Doug Jones — the former prosecutor who won decades-overdue convictions against men who participated in the 16th Street church bombing that killed four black girls in Birmingham in 1963 — has become an embodiment of evil. Not only do they represent a party that supports abortion rights, but they told NBC's Chuck Todd in September that they do not back efforts to restrict abortions to the first 20 weeks of pregnancy.
Abortion
There is no social or political issue of greater import to white evangelical Christians than abortion, and the Senate's role in confirming federal judges makes it the single-most galvanizing issue for them in this race. Federal judges hold the power to rule on whether state-level restrictions violate the 1973 Roe v. Wade decision legalizing abortion and, at the Supreme Court level, to potentially overturn that ruling.
"I don't think you'll be very successful in Alabama ... being a person who supports abortion through the ninth month," said Abraham Hamilton, general counsel and public policy analyst for the American Family Association, based in Tupelo, Miss.
Hamilton said it's not all about abortion, noting that the bill of particulars against Jones is much longer:
Jones was a delegate to the 2012 Democratic National Convention, where President Barack Obama was unanimously re-nominated; they talk about defending the Second Amendment and their affinity for hunting, but also about the idea that some limitations on gun-owners' rights are consistent with the Constitution; and they oppose Trump's border wall — an issue with great support among Moore's faithful but on which white evangelical Christians are not monolithic.
Democratic Senatorial candidate Doug Jones speaks as they host a "Women's Wednesday" campaign event on Dec. 6, 2017, in Cullman, Alabama. Joe Raedle / Getty Images
And Jones backs same-sex marriage, the issue over which Moore lost their state Supreme Court post the second time and which ranks a close second to abortion as a hot button for religious conservatives.
But much of it boils down to the notion that Jones — who was born in Fairfield, and educated at the University of Alabama in Tuscaloosa and Samford University in Homewood — represents the kind of outsider that Moore and many white evangelical Christians here have been fighting not only on modern social matters but since the Civil War, Reconstruction and the Civil Rights era.
At a rally in Florence in September, Moore was asked when the United States was last great. Their response, as reported by The Los Angeles Times: "I think it was great at the time when families were united — even though we had slavery — they cared for one another. ... Our families were strong, our country had a direction."
Almost every line of argument against Jones starts with their connections to politicians and groups outside Alabama that are perceived by evangelical Christians to be hostile to their cause.
On Friday, Trump called them a "puppet" of Sen. Chuck Schumer, D-N.Y., and Rep. Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif. And when former Vice President Joe Biden came to the state to support Jones last month, Alabama Republican Party Chair Terry Lathan said she'd welcome national Democrats and their allies — the abortion-rights group Planned Parenthood specifically — because of the backlash that would rally the evangelical-laden GOP.
No matter who attacks Moore, whether it's Democrats or Republicans like Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., who said they believed the GOP candidate's accusers and called on them to drop out of the race, the critic is cast in the role of outsider persecutor. The fact that the attacks come from Washington, where the federal government sent troops to fight the Confederacy and integrate schools only adds to the familiarity of the battle lines.
A recreational vehicle decked with a "Roy Moore for Senate" sign and the American and Israeli flags drives north on I-65 toward Montgomery, Alabama, on Dec. 9, 2017. Jonathan Allen / NBC News
Heath Carter, a historian at Indiana's Valparaiso University who studies evangelical Christianity in political reform movements, said that Moore's supporters see them as the protagonist fighting against those seeking to undermine their faith and culture.
"It fits right into a narrative that's been up and running for a long time: These types of attacks will come," Carter said. "It's part of being a true believer.
A 'Godly' man
In mid-November, at a firehouse in northeastern Alabama, the candidate's wife, Kayla Moore, called their husband a "godly" man. "He has never one time lifted a finger to me.  They are the most gentle, most kind man that I have ever known in my life. He's godly. He's loving, and everybody in this community knows it," they said.
It can be hard for some to reconcile that description with the allegations of sexual misconduct with teenagers decades ago — which Moore has repeatedly denied — and with the support that Trump enjoys from evangelical Christian voters despite the many women who have said the president physically accosted them before they were elected.
Women attend a 'Women For Moore' rally in support of Republican candidate for U.S. Senate Judge Roy Moore, in front of the Alabama State Capitol, Nov. 17, 2017, in Montgomery, Alabama. Drew Angerer / Getty Images
Stephanie Martin, an assistant professor of political communicatiions at Southern Methodist University who studies conservative political movements, said Kayla Moore is trying to telegraph the idea that their husband "sits as sort of the God-head of their family and he's a protector and a provider and they are a leader and they take their responsibilities to be masculine very seriously."
In that telling, Martin said, the view is that women should trust Moore.
"It is kind of an anti-feminist supposition and it is a pro-traditional feminine notion," they said. "So it says, 'OK, so they were interested in women who were much younger than him, but they never did it without their parents' permission.'"
Many of Moore's backers don't believe the allegations, some will support them despite the claims, and a handful have sought to justify their alleged pursuit of girls and young women as Christian.
"Take Joseph and Mary. Mary was a teenager and Joseph was an adult carpenter. They became parents of Jesus," Jim Ziegler, the Alabama state auditor told The Washington Examiner last month, noting that Moore isn't accused of having had sex with any underage girls. "There's just nothing immoral or illegal here. ... Maybe just a little bit unusual."
The common response among voters has been that it's not up to them to judge Moore, only God can do that, and that they know them as a man of integrity.
Divisions within the faith
Trump remains popular with Alabamians. A Morning Consult survey in October pegged their approval rating at 59 percent in a state they won with 62 percent of the vote. Their recent declaration that the United States would recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel, mentioned by Rep. Ron DeSantis, R-Fla., at Trump's Friday night rally, was immensely popular with evangelicals who believe that Jewish control of Jerusalem is a predicate for the second coming of Jesus Christ.
But there are signs of wear in their relationship with white evangelical Christians across the country.
A Pew Research poll released this week shows that Trump's approval rating among white evangelical Christians dropped from 78 percent in February to 61 percent now.
President Donald Trump walks onto the stage to speak at a campaign-style rally at the Pensacola Bay Center on Dec. 8, 2017, in Pensacola, Fla, where they told voters to back Roy Moore. Susan Walsh / AP
Some evangelical leaders, particularly those outside the Deep South, have been vocal in their criticism of the president and of Moore. They worry about the faith's connection to partisan politics — that the desire to elect certain candidates and promote certain policies has led religious leaders to turn a blind eye.
Russell Moore, the president of the Ethics and Religious Liberty Commission of the Southern Baptist Convention, has risked their post in part by being critical of Trump and Moore. "The religious right," they said in an October 2016 speech, "turns out to be the people the religious right warned us about."
And, after the allegations against Moore surfaced, they took to Twitter to denounce evangelicals who gave them a pass.
Christian, if you cannot say definitively, no matter what, that adults creeping on teenage girls is wrong, do not tell me how you stand against moral relativism. — Russell Moore (@drmoore) November 13, 2017
Historically, there's been a divide between northern and southern white evangelicals, with the former having often been deeply involved in social reform movements, such as abolition, civil rights and labor rights efforts, that were resisted in the Deep South.
Carter, the Valparaiso professor, described the modern divide as more of clash between religious intellectual elites and rank-and-file pastors and their flocks. Like Russell Moore, the elites want to define morality more along religious lines and less around politics.
They said that for many adherents to the various denominations that make up evangelicalism religion "mixes very freely" with nationalism and Republicanism.
That helps explain why Roy Moore's supporters frame Tuesday's election as an assault on their faith, their party and their country.
"The stakes in this particular race can appear to be cosmic and eternal," Carter said, "and that gets people pretty motivated."
It's a commonly held belief that the next big shift in smart home technology will be convergence — for good reason. Once you've added smart lighting, security and multi-room audio to your home, you may find your router is buried under a mass of proprietary communications hubs.
Multi-device controllers like Wink and SmartThings (now owned by Samsung) have helped to reduce the clutter. Samsung Connect Home takes convergence one step further by bringing together whole home Wi-Fi with a SmartThings controller. It's an obvious progression, but one that has taken some time to reach the marketplace.
With SmartThings, Samsung has acquired great experience and execution in smart home control. It makes a lot of sense to take that proposition to the masses by packaging it in a router. But with little heritage in home networking, Samsung will need to be on form to compete with leading whole home Wi-Fi systems like NETGEAR Orbi , Linksys Velop and Google WiFi in a crowded marketplace. Read on t find out how well it did in our Samsung Connect Home review.
Samsung Connect Home mashes Wi-Fi and smart home control but convenience comes with compromise.
Samsung Connect Home is a compelling concept, controlling your home network and smart devices via a single, compact hub. Switch on lights, adjust room temperature, fire up the guest Wi-Fi and more.
Connect Home can operate the same extensive list of devices as a SmartThings Hub. It includes voice assistants like Google Home and Amazon Echo, smart lighting systems, including Philips Hue and LIFX, ecobee and Nest Learning Thermostats, security systems and speakers.
Like other whole home Wi-Fi systems, Samsung Connect Home takes a modular approach to networking. A single hub, priced at $169.99, supports wireless coverage in homes up to 1,500 square feet. For larger homes, a $379.99 three-hub mesh network extends coverage up to 4,500 square feet.
AC1300 network speeds (up to 866 Mbps at 5 GHz, 400 Mbps at 2.4 GHz) are match competitors such as Google Wi-Fi ($129/$299 for a three pack) and the first-generation eero ($199/$499), but are slower than NETGEAR Orbi and Linksys Velop.
Samsung Connect Home Compared To
For speed as well as smarts, the $249.99 Samsung Connect Home Pro offers the same wireless coverage with AC2600 speeds (up to 1733 Mbps at 5 GHz, 800 Mbps at 2.4 GHz) and a premium finish. Those with large homes (and deep pockets) can create a mesh network with up to five Home Pro hubs for extensive coverage.
Cute and compact hardware, packed with connectivity
The days of the monolithic, ugly wireless router are numbered. Whole home Wi-Fi systems like Samsung Connect Home are compact, aesthetically neutral devices designed to be scattered around the home rather than hidden in the basement or in a closet.
Most systems released in the last couple of years have been cut from similar cloth – white, puck-shaped hardware sporting twin Gigabit Ethernet ports (one for connection to your modem and a second for wired network devices), a power input and a reset button. No twinkly status lights, no spiky antennas but also no USB ports for storage sharing and, with just two ports, limited hardwired connectivity.
With integrated smart home device support, the lack of ports is less of a problem for Samsung Connect Home than its competitors. Packed with connectivity, it supports Zigbee, Z-Wave, Bluetooth 4.1 & Wi-Fi (802.11 a/b/g/n/ac wave2).
Under the hood, the Connect Home and Pro systems are a little different in architecture. Connect Home is powered by the Qualcomm IPQ4018 (700MHz Quad Core) processor with 512 MB RAM, while the pricier model gets a boost from a 1.7 GHz dual-core Qualcomm IPQ8065.
Frustrating setup experience, requiring live Internet connection
Setup is performed with the Samsung Connect smartphone app, available for iOS and Android. The app frustratingly requires a live Internet connection, as you'll need to sign up for (or log into) a Samsung account during the process. If your phone has data service then life should be more straightforward as long as it can connect to the router. However, I was unable to complete setup on either the Connect Home or Connect Home Pro using a Google Pixel XL smartphone running Android Oreo. It simply couldn't detect the Wi-Fi hub.
The kind of setup experience that might see this product being returned to retailers in droves.
As that was the only device I had with mobile data, I was forced to dig out an old Moto X handset, connect that to the Pixel's mobile hotspot for data service, then download and launch the Samsung Connect app to complete installation. The kind of hackery Dr. Frankenstein would be proud of, certainly, but also the kind of experience that might see this product being returned to retailers in droves.
Even when the router was configured, with the Pixel XL connected to its wireless network, the smartphone remained unable to detect and manage Connect Home's settings. Samsung's engineers clearly have some work ahead of them.
Fortunately, once the main router was set up, adding the two satellite hubs to the network was simple. Plug in, a few taps on the Connect Home app, a quick connectivity test and you're done.
A home hub for all your connected devices
The Samsung Connect app manages both your home network settings and smart home devices from a wide range of manufacturers. As a bonus, if you own other Samsung devices with network connectivity, such as a newer Smart TV, washing machine, or fancy fridge, you can connect directly to those using your phone as a TV remote to schedule washing cycles and more.
Router controls are a little less intuitive and can be tricky to hunt down on the app, but the selection is reasonably comprehensive. Like most whole-home Wi-Fi systems, Samsung Connect Home isn't going to serve the needs of advanced users looking for every possible network optimization tweak and widget available, but there's a decent array of features that'll suit mainstream home admins. They include bandwidth prioritization, port forwarding, guest networking, and light parental controls for restricting online access at dinner or bedtime.
While the app looks slick, it doesn't take too long to uncover issues, particularly around device connectivity. For example, the Devices section can be very slow to update when new devices are added to the network, meaning you never quite trust what's being reported. Worse still, without a live Internet connection, the Connect Home seems unable to provide any visibility of local network devices.
Samsung appears to be adding missed features and performance improvements with firmware updates – hopefully that work will continue over the coming months.
As a SmartThings hub, Connect Home does a decent job, but for some reason, devices must be set up manually. Samsung sent a SmartThings electrical outlet and multipurpose sensor for review, but Connect Home was unable to automatically scan and detect the devices. Once manually configured, though, both performed as expected with quick response times from the app.
Overall the Samsung Connect Home successfully combines home networking and smart home control in a single, compact hub – a real technical achievement. But this convenience comes with compromises and quirks that can cause frustration when using.
Strong wireless coverage, weak mesh networking speeds
We placed three hubs around a four-floor, 2500 square foot home. The main hub was positioned next to the cable modem in a second-floor bedroom. One satellite hub was placed a floor above in the attic, while the third was installed two floors below, in a basement where Wi-Fi coverage is patchy.
At short range, Connect Home performs really well. Average wired speeds of 893 Mbps and 385 Mbps are very good for this class of device. The Samsung Connect Pro boosted wireless speeds by 30 percent, with the average hitting an impressive 498 Mbps.
Whole Home Wi-Fi Systems Ethernet Speeds
Model Average Ethernet Speed (Mbps)
Linksys Velop 943 Samsung Connect Home 893 NETGEAR Orbi 858 Ubiquiti Labs AmpliFi HD 802 Eero (1st Gen) 761 Google WiFi 754
Test Clients: 2 x Intel NUC Core i5 PCs
Whole Home Wi-Fi Systems Short Range Wireless Speeds
Model Average Short Range Speed (Mbps) Samsung Connect Home Pro 498 Samsung Connect Home 385 Ubiquiti Labs AmpliFi HD 364 NETGEAR Orbi 337 Google WiFi 297 Linksys Velop 159 Eero (1st Gen) 156
Test Client: MacBook Air with D-Link DWA-192 AC1900 USB Adapter plus Intel NUC Core i5 PC
Wandering around the house with a Microsoft Surface Pro 4, the Samsung Connect Home was able to sustain a strong connection in both the attic and basement, but mesh networking speeds were less impressive. Average speeds of 181 Mbps close to main hub in the bedroom dropped to 61 Mbps in the basement and just 41 Mbps in the attic. As I usually struggle to receive a Wi-Fi signal in the basement, Samsung's debut certainly offered a boost, but speeds were behind competing systems.
Whole Home Wi-Fi Systems Long Range Mesh Wireless Speeds (Wireless Backhaul)
Model Average Mesh Wireless Speeds (Mbps)
Bedroom (Main) Attic (Sub 1) Basement (Sub 2) NETGEAR Orbi 322 217 228 Linksys Velop 309 250 163 Google WiFi 285 123 90 Ubiquiti Labs AmpliFi HD 216 157 59 Eero (1st Gen) 211 67 82 Samsung Connect Home 181 44 61
Test Client: Microsoft Surface Pro 4 plus Intel NUC Core i5 PC
Like some other whole home Wi-Fi systems, Connect Home's performance can be bolstered by connecting the satellite hubs to a wired network, reducing wireless congestion. Doing so accelerated speeds up to 80 percent but, given the low base, it wasn't enough to stand out.
Warranty information
Samsung Connect Home and Connect Home Pro are supplied with a limited, one-year warranty.
Our Take
Samsung Connect Home successfully combines whole home Wi-Fi and smart device control in an attractive, compact hub with smartphone app control. It's a brave technical challenge that Samsung delivers with reasonable success, but frustrations with device configuration, weaknesses in the Samsung Connect app and mesh network speeds well behind competitors prevent us from giving the system a full endorsement.
Is there a better alternative?
With a slew of whole home Wi-Fi systems hitting the market over the last twelve months, you can find high-performing mesh networking kits available for a range of budgets, although none offer the convenience of true smart home device control like Samsung Connect Home.
At $399 and $499 respectively, NETGEAR Orbi and Linksys Velop remain top picks on performance although you're paying top dollar for the best network speeds and that's before you add a $99 SmartThings Hub into the mix.
While not hitting the same heights on performance, the $299 Google WiFi and $289 TP-Link Deco systems offer great value with smooth smartphone app controls and great looking hubs.
How long will it last?
Samsung Connect Home embodies an experimental new product category for the company and, as such, we'd be a little concerned about the sustainability of this product line.
That said, Samsung's developers are pushing out firmware updates with enhanced features and fixes while the company is heavily marketing the products in big box retailers so, in the short term, things look good.
Should you buy it?
If your current router is creaking under the weight of proprietary smart home hubs and you're happy to ride the rollercoaster of firmware updates to fix hiccups, Samsung Connect Home offers real convergence if not the best performance.
At this point, however, you might be better off sticking with a whole home Wi-Fi system from an established networking brand and adding the excellent SmartThings hub.
Image copyright EPA Image caption The Afghan army has suffered mounting casualties
The Taliban have held secret meetings with Afghan officials to discuss a ceasefire, according to the US military.
The US commander in Afghanistan, General John Nicholson, said the talks also involved foreign governments and international organisations.
Afghan President Ashraf Ghani proposed negotiations in February, an offer the Taliban did not respond to at the time.
Since then violence has continued with mounting casualties on both sides.
On Wednesday, the militants launched an attack on the interior ministry in Kabul, demonstrating their ability to carry out strikes in the capital.
The insurgents also claimed responsibility for another attack on a police station, in the capital of Logar province.
Image copyright EPA Image caption President Ashraf Ghani wants a ceasefire
The US, meanwhile, confirmed strikes against the insurgents in Helmand province with "more than 50 casualties".
Comparing the situation to Colombia - where a 50-year civil war led to a peace treaty - General Nicholson said violence and progress could coexist.
They would not identify the figures involved in the negotiations, except to say that they included mid- and senior-level Taliban officials.
In the February offer of talks, Mr Ghani said the Taliban could be recognised as a political party if they accepted a ceasefire and recognised the country's constitution.
Image copyright EPA Image caption Cleaning up in Kabul - the capital keeps getting hit by attacks
Taliban insurgents control more territory in the country than at any time since foreign combat troops left in 2014, BBC research published in January showed.
It is estimated that about 15 million people - half the population - are living in areas that are either controlled by the Taliban or where the Taliban are openly present and regularly mount attacks.
Attacks in recent months claimed by Taliban and IS have killed scores in Kabul and elsewhere, demonstrating the Taliban's capability to carry out strikes even in the heart of the country's capital.
Who are the Taliban?
The hardline Islamic Taliban movement swept to power in Afghanistan in 1996 after the civil war that followed the Soviet-Afghan war, and were ousted by the US-led invasion five years later.
In power, they imposed a brutal version of Sharia law, such as public executions and amputations, and banned women from public life.
Image copyright EPA Image caption Some former Taliban have surrendered, but the group has grown stronger in recent years
Men had to grow beards and women had to wear the all-covering burka; television, music and cinema were banned.
They sheltered al-Qaeda leaders before and after being ousted - since then they have fought a bloody insurgency which continues today.
In 2016, Afghan civilian casualties hit a new high - a rise attributed by the UN largely to the Taliban.
AVON PARK, Fla. (WFLA) — A fire engulfed a home near the Avon Park Executive Airport Monday morning.
Firefighters arrived around 7:20 a.m. and found the flames consuming the structure.
The single-family home is located on the 4500 Block of Garden Lane.
There were no injuries reported. Firefighters are still working on hot spots.
Stay with WFLA News Channel 8 for more details on this developing story.
At a time when St. Thomas Aquinas needed a lift most they got it from Nik Bonitto.
After going five consecutive quarters without points, the senior four-star defensive end at St. Thomas Aquinas, made a pair of key plays Friday night that broke the Raiders' scoring funk and propelled them to a 14-0 blanking of visiting Deerfield Beach.
First, Bonitto tipped up in the air near the Bucks' goal line and caught in the end zone to break a streak of five quarters for Aquinas without points.
Then, they sacked Deerfield Beach quarterback Kyle Kaplan forcing a punt that gave the Raiders' offense a short field. Aquinas cashed in moments later on a 10-yard touchdown run by Daniel Carter for its first offensive touchdown since Sept. 25.
“I just read the play and got an interception,” Bonitto said. “We've been working on creating turnovers and trying to create points. I got to make plays for my team just to win so it was a great play.”
No one was surprised Bonitto, who finished with 2 ½ sacks and also forced a fumble, made those plays.
But Bonitto seems to be coming through with such efforts on a weekly basis.
And that's a goal they set out to do in the offseason.
Saint Thomas Aquinas HS Nigel White runs the ball tin the second quarter as they play Deerfield Beach HS at Saint Thomas Aquinas HS, Oct. 6, 2017. CHARLES TRAINOR JR ctrainor@miamiherald.com
“Last year I didn't play a lot,” Bonitto said. “I had some off-the-field issues so I wanted to prove something this year to the people that doubted me.”
Bonitto (6-4, 205 pounds) is being coached this season by former Miami Dolphin and Hall of Famer Jason Taylor, St. Thomas Aquinas' defensive ends coach.
Bonitto credited Taylor as a big influence on them both on and off the field.
Bonitto's leadership off the field according to Raiders coach Roger Harriott is what's really helping them flourish as they prepare to make the jump to the college level next season.
“He's shown exceptional growth as a player most impressive part of their development has been leadership,” Harriott said. “He's now a captain of the team, a role model, and they exemplify what it means to give a championship team effort. We're really very excited about the direction he's heading in.”
Bonitto, who's being recruited by numerous major FBS programs, said he's visiting the Universities of Texas and Oklahoma in the coming weeks, and said Louisville remains high on their list of suitors.
But their sole focus on Friday was to get an Aquinas team that was looking to avoid back-to-back losses for the first time since 1995, back on track after a 12-0 defeat last week in Arizona against Centennial.
The Raiders, who suffered their first shutout loss last week since 1996, also avoided being shut out in consecutive games for what would have been the first time since 1965.
Aquinas' defense, which ranks among the nation's best, has only allowed one offensive touchdown this season and not allowed an opponent to score more than 12 points.
“We knew Deerfield had to come get it,” Bonitto said. “Last time we played them we lost 6-3 so that was still in the back of our minds too. We just played really hard as a team.”
Trump may 'decertify' landmark Iran nuclear deal: reports
Agence France-Presse, Washington, Oct 6 2017, 16:48 IST
Trump will argue that the agreement is not in the interest of the United States, the Washington Post reported, quoting four people close to the president. Photo credit: Reuters.
President Donald Trump is planning to decertify the landmark Iran nuclear pact negotiated by their predecessor Barack Obama, paving the way for potentially reopening sanctions, two leading US dailies said Friday.
Trump will argue that the agreement is not in the interest of the United States, the Washington Post reported, quoting four people close to the president.
The New York Times also said Trump plans to decertify the accord but leave it in force and make Congress decide whether to reimpose punitive sanctions, quoting people briefed on the matter.
Resumed sanctions could derail the accord negotiated with Tehran by Obama and other major world powers.
Decertification would allow Trump to argue that they have rejected the accord as pledged but not completely ignored senior advisers and lawmakers who say the accord should stand.
Trump on Thursday criticized Iran's behavior with regard to the 2015 pact.
"They have not lived up to the spirit of the agreement," said Trump, as they huddled with military leaders ahead of perhaps the biggest foreign policy decision of their young presidency.
"The Iranian regime supports terrorism and exports violence and chaos across the Middle East," Trump said in the Cabinet Room.
"That is why we must put an end to Iran's continued aggression and nuclear ambitions" they said. "You will be hearing about Iran very shortly."
Trump must tell Congress by October 15 whether they believe Iran is in compliance with the agreement.
They may well fly in the face of advice from some of their closest advisors, declaring Iran is not in compliance and leaving the pact's fate in the hands of the Republican-controlled Congress.
Ahead of that deadline, several officials familiar with White House deliberations told AFP Trump has made it clear they do not want to certify Iran's compliance. But a formal decision has yet to be made.
Nuclear disarmament group ICAN won the Nobel Peace Prize on Friday for its decade-long campaign to rid the world of the atomic bomb as nuclear-fuelled crises swirl over North Korea and Iran.
Swedish journalist Kim Wall is pictured Dec. 28, 2015, in a portrait taken in Trelleborg, Sweden. A Danish court ordered the owner of an amateur-built submarine Saturday, Aug. 12, 2017, to be held in pre-trial detention for 24 days while police investigate the disappearance of Wall, who had been on the ship before it sank. Tom Wall AP
Cannabidiol — CBD for short — is a cannabis derivative and the approval would be limited to treating seizures caused by Lennox-Gastaut syndrome and Dravet syndrome in patients aged 2 and older.
“Epidiolex represents hope for the many individuals living with intractable seizures and rare epilepsies, who every day faces incredible challenges and disabling seizures, and live with the continual risk of serious injury and death,” said Philip Gattone, president and CEO of the Epilepsy Foundation.
The internet is awash in CBD products. It's being sold as a sleep aid and cancer cure, pain medicine and anxiety reliever. Most of the claims are unsubstantiated by careful medical studies and have become so blatant that the FDA has issued warnings to companies that make them.
This product is different.
A British company, GW Pharmaceuticals, has gone through the testing necessary to be considered for FDA approval.
Its carefully formulated syrup-like oral medicine will have to be made under guidelines, called good manufacturing practices, so that buyers can count on getting what is supposed to be in the bottle.
"It's incredibly important as a physician prescribing to patients that we know what we're giving them and we know we give them one month will be the same that we give them three or six months later," said Dr. Orrin Devinsky, director of NYU Langone Epilepsy Center.
A bottle of Epidiolex, a CBD drug made from marijuana, but without THC. Kathy Young / AP file
"It's very important to highlight that the drug used in this study, cannabidiol, was derived from cannabis plants, and purified to 99 percent purity," Devinsky told NBC News.
"This is not something you can get from a dispensary today in the United States. It's not something that you can get by smoking marijuana. It is a very specific pharmaceutical grade product derived from marijuana, but quite different than what is available anywhere else right now in the United States."
The FDA has indicated that it would approve the drug. Although doctors may prescribe any FDA approved product as they see fit, the recommended use for this particular product is very limited.
“Both by Lennox-Gastaut syndrome and Dravet syndrome are rare, severe, refractory epilepsy syndromes with onset in early childhood,” the FDA said.
It's not clear how or why CBD works, but studies show it does, the FDA said.
“The results from these three studies provide substantial evidence of the effectiveness of CBD for the treatment of seizures associated with Lennox-Gastaut syndrome and Dravet syndrome (LGS and DS),” the FDA said in briefing documents given to the advisory committee ahead of Thursday's meeting.
“In general, the risks associated with CBD treatment appear acceptable, particularly given the findings of clinical efficacy in LGS and DS, which are serious, debilitating, and life-threatening disorders.”
The panelists heard from desperate parents, including Lisa Smith of White Stone, Virginia, whose teenaged daughter Haley has Dravet Syndrome and has suffered thousands of seizures.
“By the time they were 14, they had tried and failed 17 medications and combinations of them. The doctors said there was nothing left," Smith, an activist for the legalization of marijuana-based medicines, told the panel.
"So what do you do, when you have a 14-year-old, and there was nothing? They said they'd prescribe CBD only if they wouldn't be arrested.”
Dravet syndrome is a very rare and often deadly form of epilepsy caused by a genetic mutation. These kids have multiple, prolonged seizures that cause brain damage. Lennox-Gastaut syndrome is also rare, causes various types of seizures and can also cause severe cognitive impairment.
Devinsky has seen how CBD works.
"There are some children I take care of who are literally wheelchair-bound, having hundreds of seizures a day on high doses of other medicine and who are either sleeping or seizing most of their life," they said.
"Some of these children are now out of the wheelchair running around, kicking soccer balls, going to school -- able to enjoy life with their family. It has been an amazing transformation for some of these children."
Doctors are interested in also trying CBD to treat autism, anxiety, inflammatory and autoimmune disorders.
It's different from medical marijuana, because it does not contain THC, the compound that causes the most notable effects of marijuana used recreationally.
Walking into a room of strangers can be an incredibly painful experience for all but the bold. Every business owner has to do it at one time or another, but even the most outgoing people can end up feeling a little shy. MSNBC's JJ Ramberg has these tips for feeling more comfortable and confident at networking efforts.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed 3 tips for overcoming the fear of networking events 1:34 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Court sentences ex head of Egypt's anti-graft agency to 5 years in prison
Hisham Genena was arrested in February following incendiary comments they made in a television interview
The post Court sentences ex head of Egypt's anti-graft agency to 5 years in prison appeared first on Premium Times Nigeria.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Premium Times Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Lolostock/ShutterstockMaybe it's stress. Maybe it's a tearjerker flick you hate to love, or someone forced you to watch the saddest movie clip of all time. Regardless of the cause, we're all familiar with the lump we get in the back of our throats when we're overcome with emotion. Usually it happens when we're sad, but any overwhelming feeling can produce the same effect.
So what causes this sensation? I'm no scientist, but I'm fairly certain emotions cannot spontaneously cause a lump of tissue to grow in your esophagus then shrink as the feelings pass.
And that's true, according to science. The lump you feel isn't actually a lump, but the feeling of opposing muscles in your throat—specifically the glottis, or the opening between your vocal chords—working against each other. It's known as the globus sensation.
To understand how this works, let's talk about the nervous system. The part of the nervous system that deals with stress is the autonomic nervous system, which controls the fight or flight response. During a stressful situation, it calls for an increased flow of oxygen to the muscles that need it. In order to do that, we start to breathe faster and the glottis expands to let all the air in. But tense situations also make us swallow or hold our breath to force back our sobs. The problem is, those actions require closing the glottis and cause other muscles to constrict. Since different muscles are trying to open or close the glottis at the same time, the result is the sensation that you swallowed a golf ball.
In addition to putting a “lump” in your throat, crying strengthens your body and your mind. Plus it just makes you feel better, so don't feel embarrassed about shedding a few tears.
(AP Photo/Chris Carlson, File). FILe - This is a 2016 file photo showing Ariel Prieto of the Arizona Diamondbacks baseball team. Diamondbacks coach Ariel Prieto says it was a mistake for them to wear an Apple Watch in the dugout during the NL wild-card ...
NEW YORK (AP) - Arizona coach Ariel Prieto and the Diamondbacks have been fined by Major League Baseball for theirs wearing an Apple Watch in the dugout during the NL wild-card win over Colorado.
MLB announced the discipline Friday, two days after the game.
The commissioner's office said in a statement that it interviewed Prieto and examined their watch and cellphone. It said it "found no evidence that Mr. Prieto used the Apple Watch or cellphone for any purpose in the dugout, nor any baseball-related communication on either device, during Wednesday's game."
Prieto and the team were fined because they violated a regulation, and MLB will donate the fine money to hurricane relief efforts in Puerto Rico.
Last month, the Boston Red Sox were fined by MLB for using an Apple Watch to relay signs to hitters.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The team stopped to take photos and Spoelstra raced across a park to get on it. They did stop for a selfie with a fan. Two Flamenco dancers working on their craft at the park were in the background. Dec. 8, 2017.
When U crave for something sweet and there it is - the perfect cake in right size.
Image caption Gordon Graham was found dead in 1998
A former fire chief has told a murder trial that their report into the death of a man in Fraserburgh in 1998 concluded it was accidental.
Barry Henderson, 42, denies killing Gordon Graham, 43, and attempting to murder their wife Anne in a fire.
Witness Alistair Spence said they determined the blaze had been started by a cigarette being dropped on a mattress on the stairs.
They told the High Court in Glasgow it could still be wilful fire raising.
In their report, Mr Spence said it would have only taken two minutes for the mattress to be well alight.
Prosecutor Jim Keegan QC asked: "Would you still say the fire was accidental?"
Mr Spence replied: "There is always a chance it could be wilful fire raising."
Mr Henderson denies all the charges against them and has lodged special defences of alibi and incrimination.
The trial before Lord Ericht continues.
The loss of P.K. Subban is a crushing blow to an already struggling Predators team in the thick of the postseason race.
The Nashville Predators are currently 10th in the Western Conference, fighting with everything they have for a playoff spot. As they struggle to stay in contention and trail the eighth seed by two points, Nashville has suffered another huge loss. P.K. Subban, one of the team's top defenseman, will be sidelined for 2-3 weeks following an upper-body injury.
Not only will they miss a showdown with their old Montreal hockey club, but the Predators placed them on the injured reserve. Nashville will reevaluate their injury at a later time.
Subban has been an asset for the Predators this season, posting seven goals and 17 points in 29 games. Though they are a minus-11, he's been a force on the blueline. They post 1.41 points per 60 and 3.6 blocks per 60 and boasts a 2.0 relative Fenwick.
The 27-year-old defenseman is excellent when it comes to puck possession, as well as logging big minutes and working with Roman Josi on the top pairing. Not to mention, he's a right-hand shot and a puck-moving defenseman who can serve as a catalyst on the power-play.
The Impact and Aftermath
Surely, Subban will be missed by Nashville as they start the new year. They led Nashville's RHD with over 25-minutes of ice time each night. They also place second in scoring among all Nashville defensemen, only two points behind Josi.
Without him, there is no puck-mover or offensive defenseman on the right side. Starting there, the Predators already lose a lot of their defensive depth. Josi will have to step up, as will Ryan Ellis, who replaces Subban on that top right side.
In addition, Nashville will have to do without Subban on special teams. Their power-play is the 10th best in the league with over 20 percent success, but without Subban, their system will weaken. They will also be missing on the penalty kill, which leaves a lot of questions when it comes to their already-mediocre PK.
In the end, Nashville will have to pick up the pieces and will have to fight for playoff contention without one of their top defensemen.
More from FanSided
This article originally appeared on
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Bebe Rexha has collaborated with some big names in the music industry. They have songs with Nicki Minaj, 2 Chainz, and Louis Tomlinson. They already have millions of fans who call themselves Rexhars. Them the latest collaboration isn't with anyone from the music world. Bebe Rexha partnered with Gilt, a members-only shopping site on an 11-piece collection of cool bomber jackets. The collection of oversized jackets resembles the young singer's edgy style. Bebe Rexha has a unique style both on and off the stage. The singer's 90s' inspired style includes a lot of cool jackets. With this collection, Bebe Rexha wanted to celebrate their love for oversized statement jackets.
“I personally love jackets and always try and put a jacket with my outfit even if my stylist says no. There's so much versatility in what a jacket can look and feel like that I wanted to explore that.”
The multicolored jackets are decorated with bold elements. Bebe Rexha used crystal and floral embellishments, airbrush artwork, studs, leather fringes and other decorations to design the one-of-a-kind jackets. Some of the jackets are embellished with Bebe Rexha's lyrics. One of the jackets has the singer's hand-airbrushed portrait on the back together with the lyrics: “The way I are”. There is also a bold black leather fringe denim jacket with “F—K Fake Friends” over the sleeves and the front part of the jacket. Other designs include lyrics from their song “Bad Bitch” as well as their initials. The jackets are not for the ones who want to play it safe. The singer also included a transparent jacket with denim sleeves. Just several months ago the transparent Topshop jeans caused a lot of negative comments on the internet, but Bebe Rexha wasn't afraid to risk. They also explained that the designing process reminded them of making music. According to the singer, both things require “patience, time and dedication”.
It's not something you can rush — it takes time to create. It's really cool to have the ideas in my head turn into the real thing. The whole process from start to finish was all so new to me so it was all really exciting,” the singer added.
The pieces from the collection are priced between $169-$4800 and will be available to purchase online on the brand's website on Friday starting at 12 ET. On Friday Bebe Rexha will also release their new album “All Your Fault: Pt.2”
By Tim Stannard
Klopp calls for cool Liverpool heads for hot night against Roma
It's a Champions League clash so painfully hipster that even both coaches sport the exact same microbrew-chugging look.
"(Jurgen) Klopp said some nice things today that we both have beards and glasses and we are very similar in that way. I like their football philosophy a lot,” joked Roma boss Eusebio Di Francesco ahead of Tuesday's Champions League semi-final clash at Anfield against Liverpool, a clash between two teams fairly surprised to be in the final four in the first place.
Much of the match has been spent rubbing chins over the attractive footballing stylings of both teams and the concept of Mohamed Salah, the footballer Roma sold to Liverpool over the summer, who is facing their old colleagues and friends. Except they won't be their buddies for a harsh 90 minutes notes Klopp - "Mo will know pretty soon they are not their team-mates anymore," warned the Liverpool boss.
An awful lot of attention has also been paid to events before the game as well, and rightfully so with the Manchester City team coach being attacked with bottles ahead of the quarter-final tie a few weeks back. Klopp has called for a warm hand on the entrance of the Italian visitors this time around. “We want to beat them on the football pitch but off the field we show respect,” was the message recorded for Liverpool fans to keep the heat in Anfield and not around the stadium.
"You've been the true star of this European campaign - now let's show our best to the world."
Jürgen Klopp's message to #LFC fans... pic.twitter.com/M2H2nYDW4m — Liverpool FC (@LFC) April 23, 2018
Liverpool v Roma is live on beIN SPORTS CANADA with coverage beginning at 2PM ET / 11AM PT
Bavaria hoping European luck runs out for Madrid
Jupp Heynckes and Zinedine Zidane have been and will be speaking on Tuesday ahead of the Champions League clash between Bayern Munich and Real Madrid a day later.
In fact, Sports Burst is surprised that the Germans did not have their press conference 5:30AM just to clear the day for planning the downfall of their Spanish opponents a year after a Madrid passed through the competition somewhat controversially after the incorrect sending off of Arturo Vidal and two offside goals from Cristiano Ronaldo.
It is this kind of luck that has helped fuel Real Madrid over a remarkable three years in the Champions League – see the late penalty against Juventus, late headers from Sergio Ramos – but Bayern will be hoping that it finally runs out to allow Bayern a very good chance of grabbing a first European Cup title since 2013, when Heynckes was also in charge of the club.
Naturally, Bavaria is on message that the past is the past with Jerome Boateng opining that "last year's elimination isn't in our minds anymore. We have a great chance to make the final this year, and that's all we're focused on."
Tune into the XTRA at 7PM ET / 4PM PT where Ray Hudson and Carlos Ruiz will predict who will get the upper hand in this huge battle of the beasts.
Dani Alves wants Barcelona return. No really
Sports Burst has been to Paris. It's really nice. The city has loads of old stuff. Sports Burst would eat every meal on a boat going up and down the River Seine if it could. It didn't even mind paying $236 for a small beer near the Eiffel Tower.
But apparently, the city is not good enough for a couple of fancy-pants Brazilians who want nothing more than to leave it, and more particularly PSG. Now, the rumors of Neymar wanting out of the Ligue Un champions are just stories – for the moment. But jabber-mouth Dani Alves has gone out and actually admitted that they would leave PSG in a heartbeat.
In one of those endearing ‘if I speak to my local media, it will never go further' moments, the fullback has admitted to Globo TV that "I would come back tomorrow if Barcelona were to call me." The kind of comment that will go down tremendously well with the PSG boxes who rescued Alves from Juve after the Brazilian complained about being there, having moved to the Serie A club having complained about being in Barça, the club that Alves now wants to return to. A true footballing Goldilocks.
Ancelotti set to take on Italian Job
Staying on a soccer streak and Italy might finally get a new national team coach. However, it sounds like there is a bit of arm-twisting to be done. Ever since the swift departure of Gian Piero Ventura, nobody has particularly been lining up to take a job that is fairly low paid for the likes of Antonio Conte and endless row when dealing with the media.
However, the Italian press is suggesting that Carlo Ancelotti is on the brink of stepping up to the plate after a meeting between the former Real Madrid manager and the Italian federation bosses.
WHAT IS SPORTS BURST?
The life philosophy of Sports Burst is that if you are not upsetting someone, then you are not trying hard enough. Sports Burst is a daily trawl and troll through the morning's sports news to bring you fact-nuggets to make you both smile and swear. Hopefully at the same time.
Freelance journalist Austin Tice went missing in Syria while working for McClatchy in 2012. Fort Worth Star-Telegram Fort Worth Star-Telegram file photo
The Latest on Week 14 of the NFL season: (all times local):
12:10 a.m.
The Pittsburgh Steelers are AFC North champions after a wild 39-38 victory over the division rival Baltimore Ravens.
Pittsburgh blew an early two-touchdown lead and trailed by 11 points going into the fourth quarter before rallying. A 34-yard completion from Ben Roethlisberger to Antonio Brown set up Chris Boswell's 46-yard field goal with 42 seconds left.
Roethlisberger threw for 506 yards and two touchdowns, and Brown caught 11 passes for 213 yards.
The win was emotional for the Steelers as they paid tribute to linebacker Ryan Shazier, who remains hospitalized with a spinal injury.
Pittsburgh improved to 11-2 and has a chance to earn the AFC's top playoff seed. Baltimore fell to 7-6 and remains in contention for a wild card.
10:55 p.m.
Joe Flacco has the Baltimore Ravens rolling.
The Baltimore quarterback has thrown for two touchdowns as the Ravens have rallied from an early 14-point deficit to take a 31-20 lead over the Steelers through three quarters. Alex Collins is over 100 yards rushing for the Ravens. Baltimore is trying to prevent the Steelers from wrapping up their third AFC North title in the last four years.
The Ravens have scored on five straight drives after giving up a pair of early touchdowns to Pittsburgh running back Le'Veon Bell.
The Steelers came out firing early while paying tribute to injured linebacker Ryan Shazier, who is in the hospital dealing with a spinal injury. The adrenaline wore off, however, and the Ravens got going behind Flacco.
——
10:00 p.m.
The Pittsburgh Steelers are 30 minutes away from the AFC North title.
Le'Veon Bell scored twice in the first half and Chris Boswell added a pair of field goals as the Steelers took a 20-14 lead over Baltimore.
Pittsburgh raced to a quick two-touchdown lead but the Ravens responded in the second quarter behind a Joe Flacco touchdown pass to Chris Moore and a touchdown run by Alex Collins.
The Steelers are playing without injured linebacker Ryan Shazier, who is in the hospital recovering from a spinal injury. After an early emotional surge by Pittsburgh, the Ravens started to find cracks in the NFL's fourth-ranked defence.
— AP Sports Writer Will Graves reporting from Pittsburgh.
——
9:15 p.m.
The Pittsburgh Steelers are off to an inspired start while taking a 14-0 lead over the Baltimore Ravens.
Le'Veon Bell has scored both touchdowns for Pittsburgh, scoring on a 20-yard reception. They added a 1-yard touchdown run early in the second quarter.
The Steelers are playing without linebacker Ryan Shazier, who remains in the hospital recovering from a spinal injury suffered against Cincinnati. The team is wearing Shazier-themed T-shirts underneath their jerseys and several players have an image of Shazier on their game cleats.
Pittsburgh can clinch the AFC North title for the third time in four years with a victory.
——
8 p.m.
The Philadelphia Eagles have clinched the NFC East title, but lost quarterback Carson Wentz to a knee injury.
Nick Foles replaced Wentz, and the Eagles beat the Los Angeles Rams 43-35 to improve to 11-2.
The Jacksonville Jaguars now sit atop the AFC South after beating Seattle 30-24. They moved ahead of Tennessee after the Titans lost 12-7 in Arizona.
The Chargers beat Washington 30-13 to stay tied with Kansas City in the AFC West.
Denver snapped an eight-game skid by beating the New York Jets 23-0.
——
7:10 p.m.
The Philadelphia Eagles say quarterback Carson Wentz has an injured knee and won't return to Sunday's showdown against Jared Goff and the Los Angeles Rams.
Wentz was hit hard as they scrambled into the end zone late in the third quarter on a play that was called back because of holding on tackle Lane Johnson. Four plays later, Wentz threw a 3-yard touchdown pass to Alshon Jeffery to give the Eagles a short-lived 31-28 lead. The Rams then went up 35-31 on a 1-yard run by Todd Gurley.
The Eagles quarterback went to the locker room, and they have been replaced by Nick Foles.
— AP Sports Writer Bernie Wilson reporting from Los Angeles
——
7 p.m.
Seahawks all-everything linebacker Bobby Wagner has been ruled out against Jacksonville with a hamstring injury.
Wagner left the game in the third quarter, went to the locker room for evaluation and treatment and did not return.
LB K.J. Wright also left the game with a concussion and has been ruled out.
It was the latest injury for a defence already playing without cornerback Richard Sherman, safety Kam Chancellor and defensive end Cliff Avril.
— AP Sports Writer Mark Long reporting from Jacksonville, Florida.
——
6:40 p.m.
There's been a huge momentum swing in the Eagles-Rams showdown between division leaders.
Blake Countess returned a blocked punt 16 yards for a touchdown to give the Rams a 28-24 lead early in the third quarter. The punt was blocked by Michael Thomas, and the ball bounced right to Countess in stride.
It was the Rams' second TD in less than two minutes. Jared Goff capped the opening drive of the second half with a 1-yard touchdown pass to Sammy Watkins.
The Eagles had taken a 24-14 halftime lead on three touchdown passes by Carson Wentz. They need to win to clinch the NFC East.
— AP Sports Writer Bernie Wilson reporting from Los Angeles
——
6:30 p.m.
New York Jets quarterback Josh McCown has been ruled out against Denver with a left hand injury.
McCown was hurt in the third quarter against Denver when they were hit by Broncos linebacker Shane Ray. McCown walked toward the Jets' sideline holding their left hand before taking a knee. After being checked out, they went to the locker room.
Bryce Petty took over for McCown, who also was shaken up earlier in the game while scrambling for extra yardage.
In other injuries, long snapper Thomas Hennessy (head) and running back Elijah McGuire (ankle) are both out.
— AP Sports Writer Pat Graham reporting from Denver.
——
5:55 p.m.
Philip Rivers and the Los Angeles Chargers' offence started out on a roll against Washington.
The Chargers racked up 354 yards against the Redskins while taking a 23-6 lead. Those 354 yards were the most a first half for the Chargers since at least 1991 and their most in any half since 2010.
Rivers passed for 256 yards and two touchdowns while passing Warren Moon for ninth place in NFL history in yards passing.
The Chargers didn't punt, but were forced to kick three field goals. They also made an 81-yard drive in the final 85 seconds before halftime, but Austin Ekeler was tackled at the 4 on a 33-yard run as time ran out.
— AP Sports Writer Greg Beacham reporting from Carson, California
——
5:50 p.m.
The Seattle Seahawks were held scoreless in a first half for the first time in more than a year.
Jalen Ramsey intercepted one of Russell Wilson's deep passes, Blair Walsh missed a 38-yard field goal at the end of the half and the Jaguars led Seattle 3-0 at the break.
It was the first time the Seahawks were held without points in an opening 30 minutes since playing at Arizona in October 2016. That game ended in a 6-6 tie.
— AP Sports Writer Mark Long reporting from Jacksonville, Florida
——
5:45 p.m.
Larry Fitzgerald of Arizona now stands third on the NFL's all-time receiving list.
The Cardinals wide receiver caught a 23-yard pass early in the third quarter against Tennessee to give them 15,303 yards receiving. That pushed them past Randy Moss who had 15,292 yards. Fitzgerald used to wash Moss' car for cash and borrowed it for the prom.
Only Jerry Rice (22,895) and Terry Owens (15,934) have more yards receiving in NFL history than Fitzgerald.
——
5:40 p.m.
Tennessee Titans left tackle Taylor Lewan is out against the Arizona Cardinals with a back injury.
Lewan went to the locker room with a back injury in the first half, and the tackle who was a Pro Bowl lineman last season was questionable to return. But they came out for the second half without their gear.
Backup Dennis Kelly replaced Lewan at left tackle.
——
The Associated Press has counted at least 16 NFL players protesting during the national anthem in Week 14.
After five players protested during the early games, the count jumped with the late afternoon games.
Chargers left tackle Russell Okung raised their fist as they do every game before kickoff against Washington.
In Arizona, Titan wide receiver Rishard Matthews stayed off the field during the anthem and then joined their teammates on the sideline once it ended. Titans linebacker Nate Palmer raised a fist and looked to the sky during the anthem.
Rams linebacker Robert Quinn held up their right fist for most of the anthem. Punter Johnny Hekker had their arm around Quinn in support.
At least seven Seattle Seahawks players sat or knelt for the national anthem in Jacksonville. The group included defensive linemen Michael Bennett, Sheldon Richardson, Frank Clark, Quinton Jefferson, Marcus Smith and Branden Jackson, and offensive lineman Duane Brown. All seven have sat or knelt previously.
——
4:25 p.m.
Jared Goff and the Los Angeles Rams have jumped on top quickly in the showdown between the first two draft picks of the 2016 NFL draft.
This game between Goff and Carson Wentz's Eagles marks just the eighth time in the Super Bowl era that quarterbacks taken No. 1 and No. 2 overall in the same draft have squared off. Goff was the first pick overall in 2016, followed by Wentz.
The No. 1 pick is 5-2 in such matchups.
Wentz and the Eagles got the ball first. But Wentz was intercepted on the third play from scrimmage, and the Rams scored three plays later for a 7-0 lead for Goff.
The last No. 1 vs. No. 2 matchup came on Sept. 13, 2015, when the No. 2 pick in that year's draft, Marcus Mariota, led Tennessee to a 42-14 victory vs. Jameis Winston (No. 1) and the Tampa Bay Buccaneers in their NFL debuts.
Before that, it was all the way back to 1998, when the top pick that year, Peyton Manning, led the Colts to a 17-12 victory against second pick Ryan Leaf and the San Diego Chargers.
Drew Bledsoe (No. 1, 1993) and Rick Mirer (No. 2) faced off three times — Mirer was with a different team each time — and Jim Plunkett (No. 1, 1971) and Archie Manning (No. 2) faced off twice.
— AP Sports Writer Bernie Wilson reporting from Los Angeles
——
The Minnesota Vikings have missed their chance to clinch the NFC North with both chances Sunday, starting with a 31-24 loss to Carolina. The Vikings still could've clinched with losses or ties by Detroit and Green Bay only to see the Lions beat Tampa Bay 24-21 and the Packers kept Cleveland winless with a 27-21 overtime victory.
Philadelphia could have clinched before its game with the Rams, but Dallas beat the Giants 30-10.
Buffalo's 13-7 overtime win over Indianapolis means both New England and Pittsburgh will have to win their own games to clinch playoff berths.
Kansas City beat Oakland 26-15 to take sole possession of the top of the AFC West to itself.
Chicago routed Cincinnati 33-7, and San Francisco beat Houston 26-16.
——
2:58 p.m.
Bills rookie quarterback Nathan Peterman has been shaken up after a run and replaced by third-stringer Joe Webb in Buffalo's game against Indianapolis.
Peterman took off to their right and dived headfirst as they were being tackled in a cloud of snow by linebacker Antonio Morrison and tackle Johnathan Hankins.
Peterman lay on the field for a moment and was slow to get up before going to a medical tent on the sideline. They were then taken to the locker room for further evaluation of a head injury.
The rookie fifth-round pick was starting in place of Tyrod Taylor, who is sidelined by a bruised left knee.
Third-stringer Joe Webb took over.
— John Wawrow reporting from Orchard Park, New York.
——
2:40 p.m.
Tom Savage will not return to Houston's game against the San Francisco 49ers because of a concussion.
Savage was injured when they were driven to the ground on a hit by Elvis Dumervil with about nine minutes left in the second quarter. Replays showed Savage looking dazed after their head hit the ground with both of their arms lifted upward shaking.
They were taken to the medical tent where they stayed for less than three minutes before returning to the bench and going back in for the next series. They threw two incompletions on that drive, and Houston's team doctor approached them after they returned to the sideline after that possession.
Savage tried repeatedly to enter the game on the next series. But a team official kept grabbing Savage's jersey and finally their arm and pulled them away from the field. They then could be seen arguing with that person and the team's trainer before being escorted to the locker room.
They were replaced by T.J. Yates.
— AP Sports Writer Kristie Rieken reporting from Houston.
——
2:06 p.m.
Raiders wide receiver Amari Cooper has left their game against Kansas City after getting their right leg rolled under while blocking downfield late in the second quarter.
Cooper had missed the past couple games with a concussion, but they cleared the NFL's protocol earlier this week. They were still questionable with a left ankle sprain, and it was the opposite leg that got caught under a defender as Cooper blocked downfield on DeAndre Washington's run.
Cooper dominated the Chiefs in their meeting earlier this season, catching 11 passes for 210 yards and two touchdowns.
— AP Sports Writer Dave Skretta reporting from Kansas City, Missouri.
——
1:28 p.m.
Josh Gordon has their first touchdown in nearly four years.
Cleveland's troubled wide receiver, who recently returned after being suspended for two seasons, caught an 18-yard touchdown pass in the first quarter against Green Bay. It was Gordon's first TD since December 2013. The 26-year-old played their first game since 2014 last week.
The winless Browns are hoping Gordon can stay sober and resurrect their Pro Bowl career. They caught a 38-yard pass on Cleveland's first play from scrimmage .
— AP Sports Writer Tom Withers reporting from Cleveland.
——
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP–NFL .
Greg Cote has been a Miami Herald sports columnist since 1995 and also writes the Random Evidence blog and NFL predictions along with their notorious sidekick the Upset Bird. They have covered Hurricanes football (1984-88), the Dolphins (1990-91) and major events including Super Bowls, NBA Finals, World Series, Stanley Cup, Olympics and World Cup.Read Greg Cote's Random Evidence blog at http://blogs.herald.com/random_evidence/
HONOLULU — The Hawaii emergency management worker who sent a false alert last month warning of an imminent missile attack says they were convinced the threat was real and “100 percent sure” they were doing the right thing.
“I did what I was trained to do,” said the worker, who spoke to NBC News on Friday on the condition of anonymity because of threats against their life.
The mistake sparked panic on Jan. 13, sending Hawaii residents scrambling to seek shelter amid heightened tensions between the U.S. and North Korea over the regime's nuclear ambitions.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Man who sent Hawaii false missile alert speaks out 1:45 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
A preliminary federal investigation released last month said the recorded drill message began and ended with the phrase “exercise, exercise, excise.” It also included language scripted for use during an actual missile alert: “This is not a drill.”
But the emergency worker, who has been fired, claims they “didn't hear ‘exercise' at all in that whole transmission.” As soon as they realized their error, they “just wanted to crawl under a rock.”
“It was incredibly difficult for me, very emotional,” they said, adding that their team was immediately flooded with phone calls from frantic citizens.
Officials who led an internal investigation said last month that five other employees had heard the part of the drill message indicating it was an exercise.
The worker who sent the erroneous alert had a “history of confusing drill and real world events,” retired Brig. Gen. Bruce Oliveira, who led the internal probe, said at a news conference earlier this week. The worker had mistakenly believed drills for tsunami and fire warnings were real emergencies, the state found.
Related: Hawaii false alarm: Ensuing chaos is teachable moment, experts say
But the worker disputed those findings in their interview with NBC News, insisting they were not accurate.
An electronic sign reads "There is no threat" in Oahu, Hawaii, after a false emergency alert that said a ballistic missile was headed for Hawaii Jan. 13, 2018. @sighpoutshrug / Reuters
The preliminary report from the Federal Communications Commission found the drill was “run without sufficient supervision” and that “there were no procedures in place to prevent a single person from mistakenly sending a missile alert from the State of Hawaii.”
“There was no requirement in place for a warning officer to double-check with a colleague or get sign off from a supervisor before sending such an alert,” the report said.
The worker said Friday that they believe the state emergency management agency deserves the blame for the mistake — and shouldn't be shouldering the responsibility in the first place.
“We weren't prepared to send out missile notifications," they said. "I think the military should do that.”
But they said they still feel remorseful.
“I regret this ever happened," they said. "I feel terrible about it. I did what I thought was right at the time.”
Jacob Soboroff and Aarne Heikkila reported from Honolulu. Daniel Arkin reported from New York
MIAMI (AP) — Derek Jeter says that when their ownership group took over the Miami Marlins in October, they thought Giancarlo Stanton would be with the team in 2018.
Jeter says the Marlins traded Stanton because the National League MVP didn't want to be part of the franchise's rebuilding and instead wanted to move on.
Jeter says the deal with their former team, the New York Yankees, was the best one available to the Marlins, giving them much-needed financial flexibility while helping a weak farm system.
The Marlins' new CEO made their comments Monday shortly before Stanton held a news conference at baseball's winter meetings in Lake Buena Vista, Florida, to discuss a trade being celebrated in New York but panned by beleaguered Miami fans.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Image copyright Getty Images
England fans woke up thinking about only one thing on Wednesday - the fact that football is well and truly coming home.
There were scenes of joy in living rooms and pubs across the country, as well as in the streets.
Celebs were just as overwhelmed as us by Jordan Pickford's heroics as England won a World Cup match on penalties for the first time.
Stormzy was among just two celebs to have their reactions filmed.
The rapper was headlining their own festival in Ibiza as the match took place - but stopped it to watch the penalties.
Needless to say it went off as Eric Dier's decisive spot-kick went in.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Stormzy on stage at their Merky Festival in Ibiza
Elsewhere, Ross Kemp's reaction - filmed topless as well as completely breathless - has got them a lot of attention on social media.
It's pretty intense.
Little Mix's Jade didn't have time to get an England shirt - but they did have something that very few other England fans had to help with their celebrations.
And in the studio in Russia, Ian Wright showed what the last-16 win means to him.
Devlin's reaction was Ross Kemp-esque.
How can someone look so angry and so happy at the same time?
It was a pretty different picture back in Ibiza where Stormzy was - there's no doubting how Dave, Avelino and Michael Dapaah are feeling.
As for the rest of us? Well - our celebrations are just as worthy of being written about.
If England progresses past Sweden on Saturday, who knows what level the celebrations might reach.
Follow Newsbeat on Instagram, Facebook and Twitter.
Listen to Newsbeat live at 12:45 and 17:45 every weekday on BBC Radio 1 and 1Xtra - if you miss us you can listen back here.
AP photo
Environment protection activists warned US authorities 12 years ago that the tallest dam in the United States could crumble. However, the warnings were left ignored, NBC reports.
"We urged them to put concrete on the spillway - our argument was that without a proper spillway, the hillside would wash away and cause catastrophic flooding," Ron Stork, policy director with Friends of the River, a Sacramento environmental group, said.
Activists particularly warned the authorities that heavy precipitation could cause an additional burden for the main and auxiliary spillways of the dam that could flood Oroville areas downstream," RIA Novosti reports.
Last fall, Friends of the River sent a petition to the Federal Commission for Energy Regulation warning the department that the dam did not meet modern standards. However, due to the lack of funding, the document was rejected.
The tallest dam in the United States at Oroville water reservoir was damaged as a result of intense precipitation of recent days. The reservoir contains about 4.3 billion cubic meters of water. The Oroville dam is 235 meters tall - it is the tallest dam in the United States, 12 meters taller than the famous Hoover Dam.
Pravda.Ru
Read article on the Russian version of Pravda.Ru
At Cancer Research UK Cambridge Institute, Professor Carlos Caldas leads a team searching for the genes that malfunction as breast cancer develops. The scientists analyze the genetic makeup of thousands of tumor samples, searching for genetic signatures of the disease.
Their aim is to improve the way that breast cancer is detected, monitored and treated.
Professor Caldas is focused on identifying the gene faults and variations that are important in predicting the success or failure of cancer treatments. Armed with such knowledge, doctors could be in a much better position when it comes to deciding which treatment will be most effective for each patient.
Understanding more about these genes could also help scientists develop new breast cancer treatments that target the specific faults driving the disease.
The Cancer Research UK Cambridge Institute (CRUK CI) focuses on tackling questions relating to cancer diagnosis, treatment and prevention, supported by world-class core scientific facilities.
The Institute is located on the Cambridge Biomedical Campus close to Addenbrooke's Hospital, the University of Cambridge teaching hospital, and many collaborating institutes, including the MRC Laboratory for Molecular Biology, the MRC Cancer Unit and the Cambridge Institute for Medical Research.
It was back in 2012 that scientists in Cambridge, led by Professor Caldas, made a groundbreaking discovery about the complex nature of breast cancer. They classified the disease into ten types based on the genetic fingerprints of women's tumors, following up with a more detailed study in 2014. In the future this knowledge will allow doctors to match each person to the treatment most likely to successfully tackle their cancer.
The 2012 ‘METABRIC' (Molecular Taxonomy of Breast Cancer International Consortium) study, entailed subjecting some 1000 tumor samples to a variety of analytical techniques. The research team identified ten subtypes of breast cancer which they called integrative clusters or ‘IntClust subtypes'. They followed up by checking if the subtypes could be spotted using just one of these techniques – measuring the activity levels of genes within the samples (known as expression levels).
Doctors need a test with enough detail to accurately spot which ‘type' of breast cancer a patient has – a test which needs to be simple and cheap enough to be reproduced around the world. The team picked a list of 612 genes from the original study. Next they used the initial 1000-odd METABRIC samples to ‘train' a computer program to spot the 10 subtypes based on how active the 612 genes were.
To check the computer had ‘learnt' correctly, they used the InClust system to analyze another collection of around 1000 tumors from the original study. Crucially, the gene activity data from the second set of samples was accurately grouped into the 10 distinct subtypes.
“We wanted to really test the accuracy of the system. So we tried it out on as many collections of breast cancer samples – or ‘datasets' – as possible,” says Dr. Raza Ali, lead scientist on the new study.
“Only by challenging our system in this way can we confirm the accuracy of the 10 IntClust subtypes.”
On a study-by-study basis the team turned to the gigabytes of data available from studies around the world, encompassing over 7,500 breast tumors from more than 40 studies, and set about grouping these samples.
The same 10 subtypes emerged once again from each study, confirming their 2012 findings – the IntClust system is a ‘real' phenomenon.
The team then looked at how well their IntClust system performed against two other genetic tests for breast cancer. The first – called PAM50 – splits breast tumor samples into five groups, and the second – known as SCMGENE – identifies four groups.
The IntClust system performed just as well as the other tests at predicting how patients responded to treatment, and how well they fared in terms of survival, across each of the external studies.
They also made some important new discoveries that could focus further research. “We found that one rare subtype of breast cancer appears very resistant to treatment,” says Ali.
“By looking at the genetic data we can gather important information about what's driving these deadly tumors, which could be used to develop new targeted treatments in the future.”
Their work provides an important focus for future research, opening up the possibility of a new ‘genetic Sat Nav' to help explore this complex map of breast cancer, and bring new experimental treatments to future patients who could benefit.
At Cancer Research UK Cambridge Institute, Professor Carlos Caldas leads a team searching for the genes that malfunction as breast cancer develops. The scientists analyze the genetic makeup of thousands of tumor samples, searching for genetic signatures of the disease.
Their aim is to improve the way that breast cancer is detected, monitored and treated.
Professor Caldas is focused on identifying the gene faults and variations that are important in predicting the success or failure of cancer treatments. Armed with such knowledge, doctors could be in a much better position when it comes to deciding which treatment will be most effective for each patient.
Understanding more about these genes could also help scientists develop new breast cancer treatments that target the specific faults driving the disease.
The Cancer Research UK Cambridge Institute (CRUK CI) focuses on tackling questions relating to cancer diagnosis, treatment and prevention, supported by world-class core scientific facilities.
The Institute is located on the Cambridge Biomedical Campus close to Addenbrooke's Hospital, the University of Cambridge teaching hospital, and many collaborating institutes, including the MRC Laboratory for Molecular Biology, the MRC Cancer Unit and the Cambridge Institute for Medical Research.
It was back in 2012 that scientists in Cambridge, led by Professor Caldas, made a groundbreaking discovery about the complex nature of breast cancer. They classified the disease into ten types based on the genetic fingerprints of women's tumors, following up with a more detailed study in 2014. In the future this knowledge will allow doctors to match each person to the treatment most likely to successfully tackle their cancer.
The 2012 ‘METABRIC' (Molecular Taxonomy of Breast Cancer International Consortium) study, entailed subjecting some 1000 tumor samples to a variety of analytical techniques. The research team identified ten subtypes of breast cancer which they called integrative clusters or ‘IntClust subtypes'. They followed up by checking if the subtypes could be spotted using just one of these techniques – measuring the activity levels of genes within the samples (known as expression levels).
Doctors need a test with enough detail to accurately spot which ‘type' of breast cancer a patient has – a test which needs to be simple and cheap enough to be reproduced around the world. The team picked a list of 612 genes from the original study. Next they used the initial 1000-odd METABRIC samples to ‘train' a computer program to spot the 10 subtypes based on how active the 612 genes were.
To check the computer had ‘learnt' correctly, they used the InClust system to analyze another collection of around 1000 tumors from the original study. Crucially, the gene activity data from the second set of samples was accurately grouped into the 10 distinct subtypes.
“We wanted to really test the accuracy of the system. So we tried it out on as many collections of breast cancer samples – or ‘datasets' – as possible,” says Dr. Raza Ali, lead scientist on the new study.
“Only by challenging our system in this way can we confirm the accuracy of the 10 IntClust subtypes.”
On a study-by-study basis the team turned to the gigabytes of data available from studies around the world, encompassing over 7,500 breast tumors from more than 40 studies, and set about grouping these samples.
The same 10 subtypes emerged once again from each study, confirming their 2012 findings – the IntClust system is a ‘real' phenomenon.
The team then looked at how well their IntClust system performed against two other genetic tests for breast cancer. The first – called PAM50 – splits breast tumor samples into five groups, and the second – known as SCMGENE – identifies four groups.
The IntClust system performed just as well as the other tests at predicting how patients responded to treatment, and how well they fared in terms of survival, across each of the external studies.
They also made some important new discoveries that could focus further research. “We found that one rare subtype of breast cancer appears very resistant to treatment,” says Ali.
“By looking at the genetic data we can gather important information about what's driving these deadly tumors, which could be used to develop new targeted treatments in the future.”
Their work provides an important focus for future research, opening up the possibility of a new ‘genetic Sat Nav' to help explore this complex map of breast cancer, and bring new experimental treatments to future patients who could benefit.
Joe Jesus, aka Iso Joe, aka Joe Cool aka JJ, better known as seven-time NBA All-Star Joe Johnson, came to the Brooklyn Nets via trade in 2012. The word clutch is an oversimplification of what they did to lead the Nets to the playoffs for their first three seasons in Brooklyn.
The Nets were in the transitional off-season from New Jersey to Brooklyn. In the seasons prior, general manager Billy King failed to trade for superstars Dwight Howard and Carmelo Anthony to accommodate then All-Star point guard Deron Williams, who the Nets were signing to a max-deal. This was during ownership's spend-money-get stars-take over New York phase. The Nets were desperately looking for a big name to bring in.
Want your voice heard? Join the Nothin' But Nets team!
The Nets traded Jordan Farmar, Anthony Morrow, DeShawn Stevenson, Jordan Williams, Johan Petro, Houston's 2013 first-round pick, and the Nets' 2017 second-round pick (and a right to swap, we all learned about later) to the Atlanta Hawks in exchange for then-six-time All-Star shooting guard Joe Johnson. At the time, Johnson had a career average of 17.8 points per game and was coming off a 60-game season (35 minutes per game) when they averaged 18.8 points with the Hawks.
Johnson and Williams were billed as “The Brooklyn Backcourt” in their the team's inaugural, “Hello Brooklyn” season (2012-13). The Nets went 49-33 that year, and Johnson averaged 16.3 points per game for the season and an underwhelming 14.9 points per game in the seven games against the Chicago Bulls before exiting the playoffs in the first round.
The first year of the Brooklyn Nets resulted in the hard-fought but disappointing playoff appearance and only added to the criticism of Johnson's contract, which guaranteed $19.7 million the first year in Brooklyn and $21-to-$23 million in the following seasons.
Awesome Moment: Johnson breaks Paul Pierce's ankles
[embedded content]
2014- All Star
Johnson's contract received so much criticism, that in retrospect, they were underrated. When the other half of what was supposed to be the marquee backcourt wasn't up to the challenge, Johnson would step up, play whatever position you needed them to play, defended (to their ability) whoever you told them to defend, and scored when you had no confidence anyone else could.
The most publicized season in Nets history was the 2013-14 season. Its legacy of course is the result of “the trade” with Boston, putting “Brooklyn” across Paul Pierce and Kevin Garnett‘s jerseys. Lost in their hype was the greatness that was Joe Johnson. This was the season that cemented Joe's “clutch” legacy and forever made Joe Jesus a Brooklyn fan favorite.
Like when they dropped 29 points in one quarter:
[embedded content]
Even though Johnson still only averaged around 15.8 points per game for the season, the Nets were the only team to have a season sweep against the “Big Three” Era Miami Heat. In what remains the best postseason Brooklyn has had thus far, “Joe Cool” averaged a career-high 21 points per game in the playoffs. Johnson was the team's leading scorer in nine of their twelve playoff games, which includes a Game 7 in Toronto when they dropped 26, and a hard-fought 34 in the Game 5 loss in Miami.
Game 7 in the Six:
[embedded content]
That Valiant 34:
[embedded content]
“Iso Joe” did not go unrecognized in 2014, and they became a seven-time All-Star in a starting five that included two future Hall-of-Famers.
The Fallout
Jason Kidd left, Paul Pierce didn't re-sign, Lionel Hollins became the coach, Deron Williams continued to struggle, and eventually Kevin Garnett was traded for Thaddeus Young. The writing was on the wall for Billy King and the Nets after the failed championship gamble resulting in no draft picks, no Paul Pierce (after one season), and seemingly no future.
Through all this madness, Johnson kept their cool, being used as a shooting guard, small forward, and at times, even power forward. Johnson's scoring would suffer with head coach Hollins playing them at the four (14.4 points per game), but they averaged 4.8 rebounds per game, which was near their career-high.
The Nets would stumble back into the playoffs as an eighth seed despite their 38-44 record. They played a 60-win Atlanta Hawks team, matching JJ against their former team where they found so much success. The Hawks fans booed Johnson, of course, and Joe Cool took it as a compliment of the impression they left.
More from Nothin' But Nets
NBA analysts believed it would be “Iso Joe” verse the Spurs-Light Hawks, however Johnson was not “Iso Joe” this time in the postseason. Johnson averaged a respectable 16,5 points and a career-high 7.7 rebounds in the six games versus Atlanta before exiting the playoffs.
The following season would be Joe's last. Deron Williams was bought out of their contract. No one was surprised, but apparently someone (Johnson) was happy. Joe exclaimed, “it's not that bad here,” in the defense of their team, but eventually was bought out and given the chance to sign with a playoff contender once the new regime took over.
In their final season (57 games) with the Nets, Johnson averaged career-lows across the board with the exception of a career-high in free-throw percentage (85.2 percent). Johnson would sign with Miami and average 12 points per game in the postseason with them.
Joe Johnson was essentially acquired for role players and craps and provided so many memories for Nets fans, old and new alike.
Stay cool Joe, thanks.
[embedded content]
This article originally appeared on
Eyes on First Oil as Uganda organises regional Logistics Expo
Over 1000 delegates to attend the Regional Logistics Expo and Oil & Gas Convention
The Uganda Freight Forwarders Association (UFFA) and the Uganda Chamber of Mines and Petroleum (UCMP) are jointly organizing the inaugural Regional Logistics EXPO 2017 and the 3rd Annual Oil & Gas Convention scheduled for April 25 to April 27, 2017 at Serena Hotel.
The joint event will be held under two themes: “Transforming Uganda into a Regional Logistics Hub – What is your role?” and “Oil & Gas Doors Open in Uganda”.
Announcing the upcoming event on Monday, April 10, 2017, Dr Elly Karuhaga, the Chairman of the UCMP, noted that more than 800,000 tonnes of equipment is expected to be transported to the Albertine oil region as Uganda seeks to achieve First Oil by 2020.
“After the launch of the Front End Engineering Design (FEED) for the crude export pipeline from Hoima to the Port of Tanga in Tanzania and the same for Nwoya and Buliisa exploration areas, the stage is now set for Uganda's oil and gas industry to take off. This presents a huge opportunity for our freight and logistics counterparts,” said Karuhanga.
“However, for this to be realized, the logistics industry has to attain very high capacity and become extremely efficient. Hence this upcoming forum intends to come up with solutions that will boost our logistics to meet the high demands of the oil sector,” they added.
As such, Karuhanga noted, with over 1,000 delegates expected from across the world, the symposium will present an opportunity for joint-venture partnerships within the logistics industry, between local players and their large international counterparts to build the capacity needed to serve the oil industry.
UFFA looks at strategic partnerships
Echoing the importance of collaborating with the oil and gas sector, Jennifer K Mwijukye, the outgoing chairperson of the UFFA acknowledged that indeed these were exciting times for the two business associations, hence the need to join forces and define strategic economic interventions that can spur sustained economic growth in Uganda.
“Both the logistics and oil industries believe that transforming Uganda into a regional logistics' hub will significantly help the country attain its middle income aspirations,” noted Mwijukye.
Adding, “It's only natural that being the main organization in transport and logistics, the UFFA takes the lead in championing the call for Uganda's transformation into a logistics hub.”
A logistics hub can be defined as a central distribution area or a location designated for logistics activities. Normally these are established for strategic economic reasons that call for input from various stakeholders.
“A regional logistics hub in Uganda is a no-brainer because of our strategic geographic location as a next door neighbor to the large markets of South Sudan and DRC that would make organized cross-border trade lucrative. It is high time we exploited our land-linked-ness rather than always lamenting about being landlocked. This one-of-a-kind forum gives us a great platform to clearly define these opportunities,” Mwijukye said.
In addition, they said, a hub will enhance exports, boost industrialization while transforming upcountry towns like Tororo, Kasese and Gulu into cities that would comfortably accommodate the high demands of the petroleum industry especially in the storage and handling of bulk products.
Private Sector Foundation looks to improved transportation
Dr Merian Sebunya, a board member of the Private Sector Foundation Uganda (PSFU), one of the partners of the event, said that certainly Uganda's entire economic performance was intensively transport dependent, hence the PSFU's support to the symposium.
“Uganda's key sectors of agriculture, manufacturing, mining and very soon oil, require transportation of large quantities of freight of low to medium value. This has compelled the PSFU to establish the National Logistics Platform, with support from Trademark East Africa, that seeks to develop a comprehensive strategy to enhance the logistics industry,” Sebunya said.
Gerald Ekinu, the Principal Economist, Ministry of Works and Transport, also pledged government's support to the event, noting the urgent need for an efficient logistics and transportation industry in Uganda.
Apart from, Ministry of Works & Transport, PSFU and trademark East Africa (TMEA), other partners include the Ministry of Energy and Mineral Development, the World Bank and UKAID.
The post Eyes on First Oil as Uganda organises regional Logistics Expo appeared first on The Independent Uganda:.
This post was syndicated from The Independent Uganda:. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
President Donald Trump says the assailant in the congressional shooting has died from their injuries.
Trump said Wednesday morning that the gunman who shot Rep. Steve Scalise, of Louisiana, had died. The assailant has been identified as James T. Hodgkinson.
Scalise was shot at a congressional baseball practice just outside of Washington. Officials said several other people were also wounded. Trump said Scalise "was badly wounded and is now in stable condition."
Trump praised the "heroic actions" of the Capital Police at the scene.
0:28
UNC Tar Heels leave the court after NCAA tournament upset to Texas A&M
1:23
UNC's Theo Pinson speaks after loss to Texas A&M in NCAA tournament
0:51
A young man who got behind the wheel after smoking cannabis has been disqualified from driving.
Neil Williams, 22, pleaded guilty to drug driving at Wigan and Leigh Magistrates' Court and also admitted driving a vehicle with no insurance.
Police stopped the Vauxhall Vectra on Nel Pane Lane in Leigh on January 20 after using technology to work out it should not be on the road.
They spoke to Williams, of Glebe Street in Leigh, and smelt cannabis. A sample revealed the level of component THC was 7.7 microgrammes, compared to the legal limit of two.
Williams said they drove the car after an argument with their partner.
They were banned from the road for 15 months and fined a total of £415.
0:28
Police car set on fire during protests at Georgia Tech
1:14
The moment a Georgia Tech student is shot after standoff with police
1:01
Drugs with a combined value of almost £100,000 were seized in the Highlands and Islands last month, Police Scotland has said.
Cocaine, crack cocaine, heroin and MDMA were among the drugs recovered by officers.
Fourteen people will be reported for drug-related offences.
The seizures and arrests were made during Police Scotland's ongoing Operation Ram.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A £3.99 moisturiser available in shops including Asda and Boots has been hailed as a 'miracle cure' for treating eczema and psoriasis.
A number of mums have lauded the benefits of Childs Farm Baby Moisturiser on social media, with one saying it completely cleared their toddler's eczema.
Our sister paper The Mirror reports that Paige Sweeney said it had had a 'dramatic effect' on their three-year-old daughter Evie-Rae's skin, and they shared the results on Facebook.
They said countless appointments with a dermatologist and a range of different medications had failed to sort out Evie-Rae's eczema but using the moisturiser saw fast improvement.
Paige said: “I've tried everything in an attempt to help Evie-Rae. They have had eczema since they were born, then when they were five weeks old they were diagnosed with a milk allergy.
“Her eczema was so painful that they didn't sleep through the night until they were two. They were constantly scratching and bleeding.”
Desperate, Paige picked up a bottle of the moisturiser at Boots to see if it would make a difference and noticed a difference 'within days'.
“I saw the moisturising cream on the shelf in Boots and decided to give it a go. Within a matter of days I could see their skin starting to clear up. I couldn't believe it. The NHS could save a fortune if they put it on prescription.”
The unexpected reaction prompted Paige to post on Facebook - and the before and after images ended up being shared more than 40,000 times.
As a result, Childs Farm's founder Joanna Jensen, who launched the company in 2010 due to their own daughters' fine hair and sensitive skin, got in touch and paid Paige and Evie-Rae a visit.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Joanna said: “Paige and Evie-Rae's story is not uncommon to us - but they have shown how one small change can make all the difference.
“Since Paige shared their pictures on Facebook, the moisturiser sales have skyrocketed, flying off the shelves at the rate of one bottle per minute.
“We are a small, rural business in Hampshire, competing in a space dominated by global pharmaceutical companies.
“We are constantly overwhelmed by the love and support we get for our brand from parents and their children - and all because I wanted to make bath time more fun and less itchy for my own girls!”
And Laura Gray, who has psoriasis, has also raved about the cream online.
They posted: “Needed to share this with you all. I suffer from psoriasis, have done for years.
“I get it all up my arms, neck and chest and up until yesterday only hydrocortisone cream would get rid of it, but it's really harsh and only pharmacists can give it you."
The cream is available in Asda or Boots.
House Republicans on Friday released a formerly classified memo regarding the early stages of the FBI's investigation into the Trump campaign and Russia. The four-page document, dated Jan. 18, 2018, was written by Republican members of the House intelligence committee under the subject line “Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act Abuses at the Department of Justice and the Federal Bureau of Investigation.”
The White House declassified the memo over the objections of the Justice Department and sent it to the intelligence committee chairperson, Republican Rep. Devin Nunes, for immediate release.
Here is the text of the memo:
Purpose
This memorandum provides Members an update on significant facts relating to the Committee's ongoing investigation into the Department of Justice (DOJ) and Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) and their use of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (FISA) during the 2016 presidential election cycle. Our findings, which are detailed below, 1) raise concerns with the legitimacy and legality of certain DOJ and FBI interactions with the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court (FISC), and 2) represent a troubling breakdown of legal processes established to protect the American people from abuses related to the FISA process.
Investigation Update
On October 21, 2016, DOJ and FBI sought and received a FISA probable cause order (not under Title VII) authorizing electronic surveillance on Carter Page from the FISC. Page is a U.S.citizen who served as a volunteer advisor to the Trump presidential campaign. Consistent with requirements under FISA, the application had to be first certified by the Director or Deputy Director of the FBI. It then required the approval of the Attorney General, Deputy Attorney General (DAG), or the Senate-confirmed Assistant Attorney General for the National Security Division.
The FBI and DOJ obtained one initial FISA warrant targeting Carter Page and three FISA renewals from the FISC. As required by statute (50 U.S.C. 1805(d)(1)), a FISA order on an American citizen must be renewed by the FISC every 90 days and each renewal requires a separate finding of probable cause. Then-Director James Comey signed three FISA applications in question on behalf of the FBI, and Deputy Director Andrew McCabe signed one. Then-DAG Sally Yates, then-Acting DAG Dana Boente, and DAG Rod Rosenstein each signed one or more FISA applications on behalf of DOJ.
Due to the sensitive nature of foreign intelligence activity, FISA submissions (including renewals) before the FISC are classified. As such, the public's confidence in the integrity of the FISA process depends on the court's ability to hold the government to the highest standard — particularly as it relates to surveillance of American citizens. However, the FISC's rigour in protecting the rights of Americans, which is reinforced by 90-day renewals of surveillance orders, is necessarily dependent on the government's production to the court of all material and relevant facts. This should include information potentially favourable to the target of the FISA application that is known by the government. In the case of Carter Page, the government had at least four independent opportunities before the FISC to accurately provide an accounting of the relevant facts. However, our findings indicate that, as described below, material and relevant information was omitted.
1) The “dossier” compiled by Christopher Steele (Steele dossier) on behalf of the Democratic National Committee (DNC) and the Hillary Clinton campaign formed an essential part of the Carter Page FISA application. Steele was a longtime FBI source who was paid over $160,000 by the DNC and Clinton campaign, via the law firm Perkins Coie and research firm Fusion GPS, to obtain derogatory information on Donald Trump's ties to Russia.
a) Neither the initial application in October 2016, nor any of the renewals, disclose or reference the role of the DNC, Clinton campaign, or any party/campaign in funding Steele's efforts, even though the political origins of the Steele dossier were then known to senior DOJ and FBI officials.
b) The initial FISA application notes Steele was working for a named U.S. person, but does not name Fusion GPS and principal Glenn Simpson, who was paid by a U.S. law firm (Perkins Coie) representing the DNC (even though it was known by DOJ at the time that political actors were involved with the Steele dossier). The application does not mention Steele was ultimately working on behalf of — and paid by — the DNC and Clinton campaign, or that the FBI had separately authorized payment to Steele for the same information.
2) The Carter Page FISA application also cited extensively a September 23, 2016, Yahoo News article by Michael Isikoff, which focuses on Page's July 2016 trip to Moscow. This article does not corroborate the Steele dossier because it is derived from information leaked by Steele themselves to Yahoo News. The Page FISA application incorrectly assesses that Steele did not directly provide information to Yahoo News. Steele has admitted in British court filings that they met with Yahoo News — and several other outlets — in September 2016 at the direction of Fusion GPS. Perkins Coie was aware of Steele's initial media contacts because they hosted at least one meeting in Washington D.C. in 2016 with Steele and Fusion GPS where this matter was discussed.
a) Steele was suspended and then terminated as an FBI source for what the FBI defines as the most serious of violations — an unauthorized disclosure to the media of their relationship with the FBI in an October 30, 2016, Mother Jones article by David Corn. Steele should have been terminated for their previous undisclosed contacts with Yahoo and other outlets in September — before the Page application was submitted to the FISC in October — but Steele improperly concealed from and lied to the FBI about those contacts.
b) Steele's numerous encounters with the media violated the cardinal rule of source handling — maintaining confidentiality — and demonstrated that Steele had become a less than reliable source for the FBI.
3) Before and after Steele was terminated as a source, they maintained contact with DOJ via then-Associate Deputy Attorney General Bruce Ohr, a senior DOJ official who worked closely with Deputy Attorneys General Yates and later Rosenstein. Shortly after the election, the FBI began interviewing Ohr, documenting their communications with Steele. For example, in September 2016, Steele admitted to Ohr their feelings against thencandidate Trump when Steele said they “was desperate that Donald Trump not get elected and was passionate about them not being president.” This clear evidence of Steele's bias was recorded by Ohr at the time and subsequently in official FBI files — but not reflected in any of the Page FISA applications.
a) During this same time period, Ohr's wife was employed by Fusion GPS to assist in the cultivation of opposition research on Trump. Ohr later provided the FBI with all of their wife's opposition research, paid for by the DNC and Clinton campaign via Fusion GPS. The Ohrs' relationship with Steele and Fusion GPS was inexplicably concealed from the FISC.
4) According to the head of the FBI's counterintelligence division, Assistant Director Bill Priestap, corroboration of the Steele dossier was in its “infancy” at the time of the initial Page FISA application. After Steele was terminated, a source validation report conducted by an independent unit within FBI assessed Steele's reporting as only minimally corroborated. Yet, in early January 2017, Director Comey briefed President-elect Trump on a summary of the Steele dossier, even though it was — according to their June 2017 testimony — “salacious and unverified.” While the FISA application relied on Steele's past record of credible reporting on other unrelated matters, it ignored or concealed their anti-Trump financial and ideological motivations. Furthermore, Deputy Director McCabe testified before the Committee in December 2017 that no surveillance warrant would have been sought from the FISC without the Steele dossier information.
5) The Page FISA application also mentions information regarding fellow Trump campaign advisor George Papadopoulos, but there is no evidence of any co-operation or conspiracy between Page and Papadopoulos. The Papadopoulos information triggered the opening of an FBI counterintelligence investigation in late July 2016 by FBI agent Pete Strzok. Strzok was reassigned by the Special Counsel's Office to FBI Human Resources for improper text messages with their mistress, FBI Attorney Lisa Page (no known relation to Carter Page), where they both demonstrated a clear bias against Trump and in favour of Clinton, whom Strzok had also investigated. The Strzok/Lisa Page texts also reflect extensive discussions about the investigation, orchestrating leaks to the media, and include a meeting with Deputy Director McCabe to discuss an “insurance” policy against President Trump's election.
ASK OUR EXPERTS
Choose Topic -Select- Breastfeeding Tobacco Control Bones & Joints Children Child Development Cancer Diabetes Drugs Ear Emotions Eyes Living Healthy Health Insurance Heart HIV/AIDS Infection Injuries/FirstAid Liver Men's Health Nutrition Pregnancy Rehabilitation Medicine Sexual Health Skin Surgery Teeth Travel and Health Tuberculosis Women's Health
Larry Jefferson donned their bright-red Santa Suit and flashed a wide holiday smile as a steady stream of children lined up to share their Christmas dreams with their favorite white-bearded hero.
Jefferson, who made history last year by becoming the first African-American Santa Claus at the Mall of America in Bloomington, Minnesota, was booked solid for their final nine-day appearance at the mall for they year.  They are jolly as they reflected on a journey of making spirits bright.
“It gives kids from Minnesota a Santa who looks like them, but, frankly, kids love Santa no matter what color you are,” Jefferson told NBC News. “I just want to share the Christmas spirit and spread the love during this holiday season.”
Jefferson, known to their fans as “Santa Larry,” said they receive wonderful responses from children and parents — of all racial and ethnic backgrounds.
“My lines are filled with kids — and filled of diversity,” said Jefferson. “Black kids, white kids, Asian kids, Hispanic kids – they all come to see Santa.”
Larry Jefferson sits with a child during a mall Santa Claus photo shoot. Courtesy Larry Jefferson
But not everyone has embraced Jefferson's white beard, brown face, and red suit.
When it was reported that Jefferson would be the first black Santa of the largest mall In the U.S., the Minneapolis Star Tribune turned off the comment section of the website due to so many racist remarks.
“These people were online bullies with their hateful, racist comments,” Jefferson said. “I ignore them because we're hearing so many positive observations.”
This year, there weren't many racist reactions on social media like before and there has been an outpouring of support.
“One woman came up to me in tears,” Jefferson said. “She said they always wanted to see a black Santa but had never seen a black Santa until they saw me. They were very emotional.”
Landon Luther, co-owner of The Santa Experience inside the mall hired Jefferson to work at one of their stores at the Mall of America. Luther said Jefferson was so successful that they hired them back again this month for eight days.
“We wanted to create a more diverse Santa experience,” Luther told NBC News. “People were saying we should hire a black Santa so their kids will see a Santa who looks like them. It just made sense.”
The Santa Experience rotates mall duty among several Santas including Jefferson. Each Santa works a certain amount of days and Jefferson lives in Dallas, Texas, a contributing factor for their short tenure at the mall this season.
Luther said Jefferson always draws enthusiastic crowds. “He's a genuine guy, he's doing this for the right reasons – sharing the Christmas spirit. He's warm and welcoming. We're happy to have them with us.”
Melanie Henderson Mickie proudly posted pictures on Jefferson's Facebook page of their baby propped on Jefferson's lap.
“On Monday, Baby Girl will be 4-months old, and to celebrate, they had their first Christmas photos taken with Santa Larry at the Mall of America today!” Mickie wrote on Facebook.
“These pictures have a deeper meaning than you may know,” they wrote. “When my sisters and I were growing up in Minnesota, we did not see Santas who look like us in the Malls. I'm grateful that today there is a higher level of acceptance and that our daughter had the opportunity to have this experience. Thank you, Santa Larry, for your graciousness and good cheer!”
1:25 Steve Clifford breaks down Hornets' loss to Clippers Pause
0:55 PETA says go vegan for your valentine
14:47 Family looks for answers after Josue Diaz fatal shooting
1:28 Fear among Charlotte's immigrants
1:43 CMS School Board comments on recent ICE raids
1:30 Super Bowl 51: Players to Watch
1:04 Statesville Avenue developments
2:43 Tax reassessment: A boon for Trump National Golf Club and a loss for North Carolina county
0:34 Nice day to get a Valentine
PARIS (AP) - The Latest from the French Open (all times local):
___
10:50 p.m.
Serena Williams has opened an online shop for their fashion line.
They announced the venture with a series of tweets that described the path they took from the original idea more than a decade ago to Wednesday's launch.
"I wanted to be fully hands-on, and work without any limitations," Williams wrote. "Everyone on the team believed in me and for the first time, I truly believed in myself."
___
10:25 p.m.
Play has been suspended for the day at the French Open because of darkness.
Two men's singles matches were still in progress.
___
9:25
The second-round match between seventh-seeded Dominic Thiem and up-and-coming Greek teenager Stefanos Tsitsipas has been suspended by darkness at the French Open.
Thiem, a two-time semifinalist in Paris and the only man to beat Rafael Nadal on clay this season, led 6-2, 2-6, 6-4 when players were sent back to the locker room.
___
8:25 p.m.
Reigning U.S. Open champion Sloane Stephens did not waste any time reaching the third round of the French Open, and their clinical display impressed former U.S. Davis Cup captain Patrick McEnroe.
Stephens, who did not play in Paris last year because of a foot injury, advanced at the clay-court Grand Slam with a 6-2, 6-2 win over qualifier Magdalena Frech.
"Just FYI. Sloane Stephens is winning this tournament," McEnroe tweeted after Stephens wrapped up their match in a little bit more than one hour.
Stephens had 17 winners to 13 unforced errors and did not face a break point.
___
7:55 p.m.
Caroline Wozniacki dropped just 25 points in their lopsided 6-1, 6-0 win over qualifier and Roland Garros debutant Georgina Garcia Perez of Spain, as the second-ranked Dane easily advanced to the third round of the French Open.
Wozniacki delivered a ruthless performance on Court Philippe Chatrier, limiting their mistakes to eight unforced errors. They did not face a break point and completed the win in 51 minutes. They put on a similar display in their opening match, hitting only 13 unforced errors in a straight-set victory.
Wozniacki won their first Grand Slam trophy at the Australian Open this year and can return to the No. 1 ranking held by Simona Halep by winning the title in Paris.
___
7:30 p.m.
The French Open is Sam Querrey's least successful Grand Slam tournament and the American bowed out early again as this year's No. 12 seed.
They were beaten 1-6, 7-6 (3), 6-4, 6-1 by Gilles Simon of France in the second round.
Querrey hadn't even won a single match at Roland Garros since 2014 until beating Frances Tiafoe in the first round.
Querrey has been as far as the third round in Paris just once in 12 appearances.
___
6:50 p.m.
A young American man trying an underhanded serve while cramping during a five-setter at the French Open. Hmmmm. Seen that before, haven't we? Except, unlike for 1989 champion Michael Chang, the unusual strategy didn't help result in a victory for Jared Donaldson against Grigor Dimitrov.
The fourth-seeded Dimitrov came back to beat the 21-year-old Donaldson 6-7 (2), 6-4, 4-6, 6-4, 10-8 in a second-round marathon that lasted 4 hours, 19 minutes on Court 18 at Roland Garros.
When it ended, Dimitrov leaned forward while raising each knee to give it a kiss - perhaps thanking their legs for carrying them to the win while Donaldson's gave way.
Donaldson, who is ranked 57th, was actually two points from winning when they led 6-5 in the fifth and got to love-30 on Dimitrov's serve. But Dimitrov took the next four points to hold for 6-all.
Dimitrov broke to lead 8-7 and served for the victory, but Donaldson broke right back.
In the next game, though, Donaldson could barely stand, let alone move well.
They double-faulted. Then they tried an underhand serve - not their first of the match, either - and lost the point.
Dimitrov hit a winner to break for a 9-8 edge, Donaldson slowly limped to the sideline for the changeover, and soon enough, it was over.
Chang famously used an underhand service motion while cramping during a fourth-round win against Ivan Lendl on the way to the French Open title 29 years ago.
___
6:30 p.m.
Kei Nishikori has rallied past local favorite Benoit Paire to reach the third round of the French Open for the fourth consecutive year.
The 19th-seeded Japanese player needed nearly three hours on Court Philippe Chatrier to win 6-3, 2-6, 4-6, 6-2, 6-3 against the Frenchman.
"He was attacking every shot," Nishikori said. "He has one of the best touches on the Tour, it was fun to play them and also a difficult match today."
___
6:15 p.m.
Second-seeded Alexander Zverev trailed by a set and a break - and was down a broken racket, too - before eventually collecting themselves and coming back to beat 60th-ranked Dusan Lajovic of Serbia 2-6, 7-5, 4-6, 6-1, 6-2 in the French Open's second round.
Zverev equaled their best showing at Roland Garros; they also reached the third round two years ago.
If the 21-year-old German is going to get to the round of 16 he'll need to do something they never has at a Grand Slam tournament: defeat a player ranked in the top 50. Zverev's next match comes against 26th-seeded Damir Dzumhur.
Lajovic lost their eighth consecutive match that stretched to five sets.
___
5:10 p.m.
Serena and Venus Williams have won their first Grand Slam doubles match in nearly two years.
The sisters moved into the second round of the French Open by coming back for a 4-6, 6-4, 6-1 victory over the 14th-seeded Japanese pairing of Shuko Aoyama and Miyu Kato in front of a Court 3 crowd that raucously supported the Americans.
The Williams-Williams duo last competed at a major tournament together at Wimbledon in 2016. They won their 14th Grand Slam title in women's doubles at the England Club.
This return to doubles came a day after Serena Williams participated in Grand Slam singles for the first time in 16 months, winning their first-round match at Roland Garros. Venus Williams lost in the first round of singles on Sunday.
___
3:50 p.m.
Jeremy Chardy first wasted a two-set lead and then bounced back to beat 17th-seeded Tomas Berdych to reach the second round of the French Open.
Chardy led by two sets when their match was stopped by darkness on Tuesday, but Berdych mounted a comeback when they returned. Chardy played well in the decider and broke Berdych twice to advance with a 7-6 (5), 7-6 (8), 1-6, 5-7, 6-2 win.
"At two sets all, it was difficult in my head, and physically, too," said Chardy, who had never beaten Berdych in five previous matches. "I fought hard, all my body was shaking."
___
3:25 p.m.
Former French Open champion Novak Djokovic posted another straight-set win to reach the third round of the clay-court tournament.
Facing Spanish qualifier Jaume Munar, the Serb delivered a solid display to prevail 7-6 (1), 6-4, 6-4 and move into the third round for the 13th time.
Djokovic, who underwent right elbow surgery earlier this year, is the 20th-seeded player in Paris, their lowest Grand Slam seeding since the 2006 U.S. Open.
___
3:10 p.m.
The Williams sisters are back in Grand Slam doubles action for the first time in nearly two years.
A day after Serena Williams made their return to singles play at a major following a 16-month absence, winning their first-round match at the French Open, they are out on Court 3 at Roland Garros alongside their older sister, Venus.
They are facing the 14th-seeded pairing of Shuko Aoyama and Miyu Kato of Japan.
The American siblings, owners of 14 Grand Slam doubles titles, received a wild-card entry. They haven't played doubles together at a major since winning Wimbledon in 2016.
Serena Williams hadn't competed at any Grand Slam tournament since the Australian Open in January 2017. They gave birth to a daughter last September.
___
1:20 p.m.
Marco Trungelliti's long, strange trip as a French Open "lucky loser" has come to an end with a second-round exit.
Trungelliti is the 190th-ranked Argentine who headed home to Barcelona after losing in qualifying at Roland Garros, then drew headlines for making the 10-hour, 650-mile (1,000-kilometer) drive back to Paris in a rental car with their 88-year-old grandmother, mother and brother once they found out they could get into the main draw.
They then won their first-round match.
But Trungelliti was beaten Wednesday by 72nd-ranked Marco Cecchinato of Italy 6-1, 7-6 (1), 6-1 in a match that lasted just under 2 hours.
Still, Trungelliti leaves with 79,000 euros (about $90,000) in prize money - and a great story to tell.
___
12:50 p.m.
Top-ranked Simona Halep put aside a terrible start and came back to claim 12 of the last 14 games, beating 83rd-ranked Alison Riske of the United States 2-6, 6-1, 6-1 to reach the second round of the French Open.
It was the last match of the tournament's opening round.
Halep, the runner-up at Roland Garros in 2014 and a year ago, played poorly in the first set, with only four winners and 16 unforced errors. But they had 16 winners and 12 unforced errors the rest of the way, while Riske made more and more mistakes.
___
12:30 p.m.
Two-time Wimbledon champion Petra Kvitova is through to the third round of the French Open, making light work of 91st-ranked Lara Arruabarrena of Spain in a 6-0, 6-4 win on Court 1.
The eighth-seeded Kvitova lost in the second round last year when they were coming back to the tour after a knife attack in their home in 2016 that left them needing surgery on their left hand, their playing hand.
The Czech player made the semifinals at Roland Garros in 2012.
___
12:20 p.m.
Simona Halep has turned things around in their first-round match at the French Open and is headed to a third set against 83rd-ranked Alison Riske of the United States.
After dropping the first set 6-2 at Court Philippe Chatrier, Halep grabbed 19 of the first 22 points en route to a 5-0 lead in the second, which they eventually took 6-1.
Halep, the runner-up at Roland Garros in 2014 and a year ago, cleaned up their game in the second set, with only five unforced errors after making 16 in the opener. Riske, meanwhile, had only two winners and 12 unforced errors in the second set.
___
12 p.m.
Top-seeded Simona Halep is in trouble in their weather-delayed first-round match at the French Open, losing the first set 6-2 to 83rd-ranked Alison Riske of the United States.
Riske raced to a 5-0 lead and then broke Halep again in the eighth game to take the set.
In their only previous meeting on clay, in Rome in 2015, Halep dropped only three games in a 6-3, 6-0 victory. But Riske is giving the Romanian a far tougher test this time.
___
11:20 a.m.
Play is underway on Day 4 of the French Open, with top-seeded Simona Halep facing 83rd-ranked Alison Riske of the United States in the last remaining match of the women's first round.
The encounter on Court Philippe-Chatrier was postponed from Tuesday amid gathering evening storms.
Halep, a two-time finalist at Roland Garros, needs to reach the semifinals or better this year to have a chance of holding onto their No. 1 ranking. They won both of their previous matches against Riske.
On the men's side, 2016 champion Novak Djokovic will face qualifier Jaume Munar of Spain in the second round.
The second-seeded players in both the men's and women's draws, Alexander Zverev and Caroline Wozniacki, will also be in action.
___
More AP tennis coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/apf-Tennis
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Extraordinary revelations emerged Tuesday about the tense — and, at times, allegedly physical — closed-door meetings between senior executives at CBS and Viacom, which remain locked in a battle over a potential merger. Legal filings describe how Shari Redstone, one of the most powerful women in media, was reportedly manhandled by Charles Gifford, a member of the CBS board, with Gifford "grabbing their face and directing them to listen to him."
Redstone, 64, who is vice chairperson of CBS and Viacom and the daughter of the ailing media mogul Sumner Redstone, is under fire from CBS, which claims that National Amusements, the holding company that retains 80 percent of the voting shares in CBS and Viacom, was usurping its role by trying to force a merger of the two and potentially replace CBS board members.
Redstone suggested that Gifford, for one, not be renominated. After one meeting got physical, according to the filing, Gifford later told Redstone that they had meant no offense, adding "that was how they treat their daughters when they want their attention." Redstone said they responded that "she was not Mr. Gifford's daughter but instead the vice chair of CBS."
CBS, which was once tied to Viacom but separated in 2006, is trying to dilute National Amusements' control and prevent a potential merger. National Amusements fired back by changing CBS bylaws to prevent a potential dilution of its voting stock. The two parties are now in court.
The filings also revealed that Redstone would likely have given up their controlling stake in both companies, had the merger been approved.
The filings on Tuesday by National Amusements in Delaware Chancery Court called CBS' efforts to dilute its voting rights "unprecedented, unjustified and unlawful."
The filings also revealed that Redstone would likely have given up their controlling stake in both companies had the merger been approved, noting that Redstone had told CBS Chief Executive Les Moonves that National Amusements "would consider relinquishing its controlling interest in the context of such a transaction."
CBS' holdings include broadcast network CBS, premium pay channel Showtime, and book publisher Simon and Schuster; while Viacom, run by chief executive Bob Bakish, owns cable channels including MTV and Nickelodeon, and Paramount movie studios.
In a statement Tuesday, NAI said, "Earlier this year, Shari Redstone and Les Moonves discussed and agreed that recombining CBS and Viacom would benefit both companies' shareholders, providing greater scale as needed for success in today's media and entertainment landscape, and better positioning the companies for a larger transaction in which the combined entity could fetch an attractive premium that neither CBS nor Viacom alone could command."
Redstone later agreed that the two companies could not be merged, and Moonves, who grew "tired of having to deal with a stockholder with voting control" took "particular umbrage that the exercise of such stockholder's control has migrated from Sumner Redstone to their daughter, Ms. Redstone," according to the statement.
Sumner Redstone, who is 95, stepped back from day-to-day duties at CBS and Viacom, though they remain chief executive of NAI.
The filing also noted that Moonves has the right to terminate their own employment agreement and stands to make $180 million if they have "certain good reason" for doing so.
“Today's reactive complaint from NAI was not unexpected," CBS said in a statement. "The amended complaint filed last week by CBS and its Special Committee details the ways in which NAI misused its power to the detriment of CBS shareholders, and was submitted after careful deliberation by all involved. We continue to believe firmly in our position.”
Warner Robins Councilman Chuck Shaheen speaks at a council meeting in June.  They are seeking to reclaim the mayor's seat in the Nov. 7 election. Wayne Crenshaw wcrenshaw@macon.com
Healthcare experts harp on inter-professional collaboration
Against the backdrop of inter-professional rivalry in the health sector, the Nigeria Academy of Pharmacy, in partnership with the Pharmaceutical Society of Nigeria, has moved to bridge this widening gap.
In a symposium with the theme – Health of the Nation: The Imperative of Inter-professional Collaboration,” President of the Nigeria Academy of Pharmacy and former Minister of Health, Prince Julius Adelusi-Adeluyi, noted that the nation's health sector was home to some of the brightest minds in Nigeria.
According to him, the efficiency and effectiveness of public health delivery had suffered a steady decline partly because of the unhealthy rivalry among various professionals in the health sector.
“From a historical standpoint, this situation didn't start today. The Hansard of February 1961 quotes the first Minister of Health, Dr. Adekoyejo Majekodunmi, as saying they pray that there would be funding in time and that there would be cooperation among those working in the health sector. It is time to disappoint those who have profited from the disharmony among healthcare professionals. We must all come together and negotiate with humility and with a sense of accommodation, and it is my belief that this landmark occasion would not be in vain,” Adelusi-Adeluyi enthused.
Professor Eyitayo Lambo, another former Minister of Health, noted that Nigeria's health system, which was ranked 187 among 191 countries by WHO in 2000, has had to face sundry challenges over the years.
They said: “For instance, the constitution makes very scant provision for health while there is hardly any legislation that defines the roles and responsibilities of the three tiers of government concerning health care, while the National Health Act 2014 has not resolved the problem either. In addition, constant changes in the leadership of the Federal Ministry of Health have led to regular policy reversals.
“This is the time to break down the silos that create barriers to patient-centered care, contribute to inefficient and ineffective care delivery, and compromise the safety, quality and outcomes of health care. Clinical care has become more complex and specialised; with increased specialisation, no one-health provider can meet all the complex needs of a patient and his/her family. Also, governments should support the culture required for collaboration by making inter-professional collaboration a priority and evaluating its impact; and provide health care organizations with the fiscal resources required to develop, implement and evaluate inter-professional collaboration (care).”
President, Pharmaceutical Society of Nigeria, Ahmed Yakasai, reiterated the fact that healthcare professionals needed to work together to ensure that patients got the best quality care and treatment that can be provided.
According to Yakasai, “research has shown that inter-professional collaboration improves the quality of care and patient satisfaction leading to a better work environment overall. This would require a systemic change in practice, effective and open communication, professional trust, and a system of coordinated care that allows patients to be part of the decision making in relation to their care. Adopting this team-based culture of mutual respect and understanding is possible and very necessary as we all have a moral obligation towards the welfare of the patient. I believe that together we are better and stronger.”
Other health care professionals who presented papers during the panel discussions include: Asst Director of Nursing Services, Lagos State University Teaching Hospital, (LASUTH), Mrs. Shode Modupe Jokotola; Chairman, Jaykay Pharmacy Ltd, Pharm. Jimi Agbaje; MD, Lahor Research Laboratories and Medical Centre, Prof. Dennis Agbonlahor; and Group Medical Director, Reddington Hospital, Dr. Olutunde Lalude who represented Dr. Ebun Sonaiya, a medical doctor and former president of the Guild of Medical Directors.
Some dignitaries present on the occasion include: Director, Food & Drug Services, Federal Ministry of Health, Pharm. (Mrs.) Gloria Modupe Chukwumah, who represented the Minister of Health, Vice Chancellor, University of Lagos, Prof. Rahamon Ade Bello; Chief Medical Director of Lagos University Teaching Hospital, LUTH, Prof. Christopher Bode, President, Association of Professional Bodies of Nigeria (APBN), Dr. Omede Idris, President, Healthcare Providers' Association Of Nigeria (HCPAN), Dr. Umar Sanda, and General Secretary, Nigeria Academy of Pharmacy, Prof. Fola Tayo, among others.
This post was syndicated from The Sun News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Six to Start (developer of Zombies, Run!) releases The Walk, a fitness game with a story that progresses as you move
But does it have a V8?
AMD is not resting in their all-out push into both the CPU and GPU markets. Following the rollout of their Ryzen Threadripper CPUs that take aim at Intel, AMD's next target is Nvidia, and the halo product is the Radeon RX Vega 64 video card, which has Nvidia's GTX 1080 in its sights.
DT's Brad Bourque slotted the new Vega 64 in a hotrod PC and turned up the heat. Seems like it's got the goods to compete with 64 compute units, over 4,000 stream processors and 8gb of new High Bandwidth memory. The card's architecture has been heavily tweaked and in the end, it's a worthy competitor to the GTX 1080, even at $500 bucks a card. Check out Brad's full performance review of the AMD RX Vega 64.
S-Pen and Note paper
Everyone's counting the days until Apple pulls the wraps off the big new iPhone, so competitor Samsung is doing what they can to steal some of the limelight ahead of the iPhone's expected September launch, including issuing a little teaser video for the upcoming Galaxy Note 8. The ad essentially uses a silhouette of their S-Pen stylus to skewer words they hope will more define the iPhone than the Note 8.
The video also insinuates the phone will feature the minimal top and bottom bezels of the Galaxy S8 while wrapping the screen around the edges of the phone. We'll know more when Samsung reveals the new handset at its “Unpacked” event on August 23rd, with pre-oders likely opening up on September 1st. Price is expected to ring at about a $1,000.
That didn't hurt a bit
The smart folks at its Waymo self-driving car project have come up with a novel idea: if a self-driving car is going to hit a pedestrian and for some reason just can't avoid it, what about making the car… softer? Sure, you could make a car out of beanbag chairs or rolls of tissue, but Waymo has smartly applied for a patent that would actually change the softness of an impact area ahead of a collision.
The car's sensor package would be able to detect if the car was about to impact another car, a solid object or a softer object – like a human – and then use what they call “tension members” under the car's skin – whatever that ends up being – that can stay rigid, or easily give way. It's a pretty cool idea, and a bit cooler than one of their earlier ideas to make cars “sticky” during an impact. We kid you not.
We've got more news on our Facebook page and YouTube channel, and be sure to tune in to this week's DT podcasts: Close to the Metal (computers and such) on Tuesday, Trends with Benefits (general tech shenanigans) on Thursdays, and Between the Streams (movie and TV topics) every Friday.
Image copyright Transport Scotland
The newest section of Scotland's busiest motorway has been officially opened by the first minister.
The seven-mile link road between Newhouse and Baillieston was completed in April and opened to traffic then.
It means the entire stretch between Edinburgh and Glasgow is now motorway.
It was part of a £500m M8, M73 and M74 improvements project aimed at tackling congestion problems in central Scotland and cutting journey times by up to 20 minutes.
New analysis by Transport Scotland indicated vehicles were now travelling along the M8 at an average speed of almost 70mph, even during the busiest periods.
'Better environment'
Speaking at the Maxim Business Park at Eurocentral, First Minister Nicola Sturgeon said the improvements and additional road capacity would ensure the economy had room to grow.
They said: "The M8 is a vital link in the central belt and this newly completed section will help connect people to business, leisure and education opportunities and also creates a better environment for companies to do business.
"Businesses are already reporting a journey time saving of up to 20 minutes travel between Scotland's biggest cities and a similar saving for those using Raith junction.
"With the completion of this project, and three others others - the Queensferry crossing, the first section of the A9 dualling and the Aberdeen bypass - by next spring, more than 250km of new roads will have been completed in the last 10 years - representing a total investment in construction of £2.81bn."
Accident reduction
Economy Secretary Keith Brown told BBC Radio's Good Morning Scotland programme that the new M8 motorway section and a "hugely innovative engineering solution" at the Raith Interchange would benefit Scotland's economy and road users.
They said it could contribute more than £1bn to Scotland's economy through quicker movement of people and goods, and improved road safety could see a reduction of more than 100 accidents each year.
During construction, the project provided training and employment to more than 8,000 workers.
It is expected to provide long-term employment opportunities for about 60 full-time staff.
Stuart Patrick, chief executive of Glasgow Chamber of Commerce, said the project that would have "huge, lasting impact for travel across the country and beyond".
Humboldt District Community Services is looking back at a busy 2016.
The Community-based organization implements community-based responses to the needs of individuals with challenges in Humboldt.
Juanine Korte is the Executive Director of HDCS.
They talk about 2016 as a whole.
"2016 was an extremely busy year for our organization. We continued to provide our core programming which includes supported employment, family and individual support, community inclusion, support services and residential services. Our numbers in our supported employment program continued to grow as well as the individual and family support programming."
Korte talks about a big highlight for the Organization.
"One of the most notable changes in 2016 for us was our move to a different location. On May 1st, we transitioned over to our new space at 517 Main St. The move was an excellent opportunity for us to build capacity and deliver more programming."
Korte touches on what will keep the Organization busy in 2017.
"So in 2017, we're going to continue to focus on our core services. We hope to enhance our supported employment programming with some employment training workshops, and possibly expand our residential services program that we provide."
Additional funding will be needed by the Organization in the future as a result of increased programming.
Hear more from Juanine Korte as they spoke with Bolt FM's Tyler Bieber here:
Feb 2, 2018
Unless a currency has been authenticated by a government, it is unlikely to be fully trusted. But that does not mean that it cannot become a plaything for the naïve and gullible, or a weapon of financial mass destruction for political belligerents around the world.
LONDON – The extraordinary volatility of Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies has become a threat not just to the international financial system, but also to political order. The blockchain technology upon which cryptocurrencies are based promises a better and more secure payment method than anything seen before, and some believe that cryptocurrencies will replace electronic currency in traditional bank accounts, just as electronic transfers replaced paper money, which succeeded gold and silver.
The Year Ahead 2018 The world's leading thinkers and policymakers examine what's come apart in the past year, and anticipate what will define the year ahead. Order now
But others are rightly suspicious that this new technology might be manipulated or abused. Money is part of the social fabric. For most of the history of human civilization, it has provided a basis for trust between people and governments, and between individuals through exchange. It has almost always been an expression of sovereignty as well, and private currencies have been very rare.
In the case of metallic money, coins typically bore emblems of state identity, one of the earliest examples being the owl symbolizing the city of Athens. Usually, however, there was some confusion about whether the emblems on coins represented sovereignty or divinity. Whose head is on this coin? Is it Philip of Macedon or Alexander the Great, or is it Hercules? Later, Roman emperors would exploit this ambiguity, by stamping coins with their own “divine” visage. And even today, British coins have embossed words linking the monarchy to God.
Whatever the case, there is a clear pattern throughout history: bad states produce bad money, and bad money leads to failed states. During periods of inflation or hyperinflation, radical currency devaluation would destroy the basis of political order. For example, the Thirty Years' War in Central Europe during the seventeenth century was fueled in large part by social disintegration following a period of monetary instability.
Similarly, during the French Revolution, speculation in a paper currency pegged to “national” property that had been confiscated from aristocrats and the church undermined the Jacobins' legitimacy. In the twentieth century, periods of inflation during and after the two world wars destroyed Europe's political institutions and fanned the flames of radicalism. In fact, Vladimir Lenin regarded the currency press as the “simplest way to exterminate the very spirit of capitalism” and bourgeois democracy.
In addition to being one of the main factors behind the disintegration of states, bad money has also been a key feature of interstate conflicts. For belligerent states, creating or exploiting monetary turmoil has historically been a cheap way to destroy opponents. Even in peacetime, some states have responded to deteriorating relations by planting fake money to sow discord beyond their borders.
FABRICE COFFRINI/AFP/Getty Images Post-Davos Depression Feb 1, 2018 is appalled by the behavior of the CEOs who attended the World Economic Forum's flagship meeting last week. Chesnot/Getty Images The Bitcoin Threat Feb 2, 2018 thinks cryptocurrencies, like their predecessors, will be a key factor driving political destabilization. YURI KOCHETKOV/AFP/Getty Images The Point of Sharp Power Feb 1, 2018 says the term “soft power” fails to capture how authoritarian regimes are exercising global influence. Previous Next
The best-known example of such monetary warfare is Nazi Germany's scheme to print the banknotes of Allied powers during World War II. Counterfeit notes could of course be used to purchase scarce resources or pay spies. But Germany also envisioned using long-range bombers to drop forged banknotes over Britain. Just imagine the demoralization and chaos that would have followed. Anyone with a large amount of money would automatically be suspect, and public trust would quickly erode. Dropping money could very well be more devastating than dropping bombs.
Money is even easier to manipulate when it is internationalized. In the modern era, rogue states such as North Korea have regularly forged banknotes, particularly those of the United States. And cross-border electronic transfers between banks are often used for malign and criminal purposes. So far, though, there have not been any globally devastating monetary attacks outside the realm of cinematic fantasy.
Of course, there have long been political efforts to undermine or replace the dollar as the dominant global currency. The most seductive alternative seems to have been gold. Russian theorists of “Eurasia” often tout traditional Russian iconography's use of the fine metal. In 2001, then-Malaysian Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad tried to introduce a “gold dinar” as an answer to the US-based currency system. And in 2005, al-Qaeda's security chief, Saif al-Adl, suggested using gold to topple the dollar.
Bitcoin looks like a twenty-first-century version of gold, and its creators have even embraced that analogy. It is produced – or “mined” – through effort. And just as the price of gold once reflected the human exertion needed to extract it from the ground in remote locations, creating Bitcoins takes an exorbitant amount of computing power, driven by cheap energy in remote areas of Asia or Iceland.
But the rise of Bitcoin represents a shift in how society perceives fundamental value. Whereas pre-modern metallic currencies served as a basis for the labor theory of value – whereby goods and services are worth the amount of human labor put into them – blockchain technology assigns value to a combination of computing power and stored energy, none of it human.
At the same time, cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin have made it all but impossible to distinguish between state and private-sector criminality. North Korea has been suspected of continuing its attempts at monetary manipulation by mining and creating Bitcoin, which has led China and South Korea to start closing down Bitcoin exchanges. Major cryptocurrency platforms such as Coincheck in Japan have also put a halt to trading.
And yet we have already reached the point where a Bitcoin crash could have serious global implications. Financial institutions' current exposure to the cryptocurrency is unclear, and probably would not be fully revealed until after a financial disaster. It is eerily reminiscent of 2007 and 2008, when no one really knew where the exposure to subprime-mortgage debt ultimately lay. Until the crash, it was anyone's guess which institutions might be insolvent.
Just as one cannot instantly tell whether a news report is “fake news,” nor can one immediately discern the validity of new monetary forms. Unless a currency has been authenticated by a government, it is unlikely to be fully trusted. But that does not mean that it cannot become a plaything for the naïve and gullible, or a weapon of financial mass destruction for political belligerents around the world.
Mark Zuckerberg and Facebook, which they founded, are under fire after reports that a firm brought on by the Trump campaign used the data of tens of millions of people obtained from Facebook without proper disclosures or permission. Justin Sullivan Getty Images
iStock/DNY59
Handwriting is quickly becoming a dying art. Few businesses can run nowadays without computers, giving keyboard shortcuts an unprecedented importance. Elementary and high schools across the country now view typing courses as essential to their curricula. But what are we losing as handwriting loses its significance in society?
Brain power, according to science. Researchers from Princeton University and the University of California, Los Angeles conducted a series of studies to demonstrate the differences between students who wrote out their notes and those who typed notes. Participants took notes on a lecture using one of the two methods and were tested on the material 30 minutes after the lecture and again a week later. The results showed that both types of notetakers did well on the first test, though longhand notetakers had a stronger grasp of the overall concept, but students with handwritten notes were able to remember and still understand the concepts of the lecture after a week had passed. These participants were also more open to understanding new ideas.
At the University of Nebraska, educational psychologist Kenneth Kiewra held a similar study, where some students were tested immediately following a PowerPoint lecture and others had a chance to review their notes before being tested. Those who took notes on a laptop had a slight advantage on the test right after the lecture, but students with written notes performed significantly better when given the chance to review. Kiewra told the Wall Street Journal that the reason is likely because longhand notes were briefer, more organized, and better captured information from graphs and charts than typed notes.
Another problem with typing notes is the tendency to transcribe lectures verbatim. While this can help in recalling facts short-term, it takes the focus away from the main points of the lessons. Students who take handwritten notes need to quickly process the lesson and rewrite it in a way they can understand, giving them an advantage in remembering new concepts long-term.
Computers aren't going away anytime soon, but that doesn't mean paper notebooks need to become obsolete. In fact, it's best to start using them at an early age. University of Indiana researchers compared brain scans of five year olds, some of whom practiced printing letters and some who just looked at the letters. Those who wrote out the letters had more enhanced and “adult-like” neural activity.
Take this as a parenting hack for the digital era: Don't let your kids go completely digital.
KABUL — An Afghan military spokesperson says elite commando units have freed dozens of prisoners held by the Taliban, including women and children, in an early morning operation in southern Helmand province.
The spokesperson, Abdul Qadeir Bahadorzai, says Thursday's operation took place in the district of Kajaki and freed 103 people held in two prisons there run by the Taliban. They say four Taliban fighters were killed in the gunbattle.
Bahadorzai says five women and two children were among the freed captives, most of whom were civilians.
Meanwhile, also in Helmand, a district governor says a suicide car bomber wounded six people, including three police officers, on Thursday morning.
Mohammad Salim Roodi says the attack took place in Girishk district when the police tried to stop a suspicious vehicle outside the governor's compound.
Mountain Island Day School, a private Christian school was recently approved to convert to a public charter school in August. That means that they will have to turn their weekly chapel in to a non-religious assembly. They will take down the plaques with Bible verses and religious quotes and the steeple may be coming down because it makes the roof leak. Founders Tom and Tammy Winstead say they wrestled with the decision, but ultimately decided that the $3 million a year in public money they can bring in as a charter school helps them better serve low and moderate income students in the Paw Creek area. They say education has always been their main mission and things like compassion and justice can be taught without referring to any specific faith.
I'm responding to the Dec. 7 Express-Time article, "After Phillipsburg carjacking, how to avoid becoming a victim."
This carjacking situation is concerning for residents, not only in Philipsburg but anywhere. People need to be more aware of their surroundings and the type of society we are living in.
Our lives are more valuable than anything. To prevent more of these incidents, we should work together as a community. If you witness a carjacking incident, first make sure you are in a safe place. Then call the cops and report the incident to help that person.
We should never be passive bystanders at such an incident. If we place ourselves in the victim's shoes, we would want someone to help us. In the end, working together as a society can help us live in a safer environment.
Katerin Gomez
Hackettstown
Have your say
Residents at a Bury St Edmunds care home enjoyed a wealth of fun-filled activities during its annual summer fete and a sports day.
Davers Court, in Shakers Lane, opened its doors to the community on Saturday, August 12 for the fete, which included stalls, a tombola, raffle and entertainment from singer Jackie Raven.
BURY: Summer fete at Davers Court care home Ella Pettit, Claire Copping, Shannon Barrett, Sue Curtis and Annie Norman, carers and volunteers who help organise the fete Picture Mark Westley
The event raised £585 which will go towards a trip to the seaside for residents.
Wendy Harvey, home manager, said: “It was a great day and everybody had lots of fun.”
Davers Court is run by Care UK. Residents and care teams from the company's homes across Suffolk recently competed in challenges such as a sack race and welly throwing during a sports day event in Framlingham.
BURY: Summer fete at Davers Court care home local singer Jackie Raven with resident Maureen Game Picture Mark Westley
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
HILONGOS, Leyte — Police are tracking down three men believed to be responsible for two explosions at the plaza here that wounded 32 people during the town fiesta on Dec. 28.
Two of three bombs planted in the plaza were remotely set off by cell phones as an amateur boxing competition was taking place on the night of Dec. 28 as part of the town fiesta.
Most of the injuries were caused by the first explosion, as the second bomb did little damage, police said.
ADVERTISEMENT
Police recovered the third bomb, which failed to explode, Hilongos Mayor Albert Villahermosa reported on the day after the attack.
Security camera footage
Senior Insp. Alberto Renomeron Jr., Hilongos police chief, said on Monday that footage from security cameras indicated that one man might have planted a bomb near the stage where the boxing match was taking place and another near the water tank at the plaza.
The man appeared to have two companions who helped them plant the bombs, Renomeron said.
The police chief, however, declined to give more details, as the attack was still under investigation.
Intensified security
But Renomeron said that based on the footage, the suspects were acting suspiciously as people in the plaza were closely watching the boxing match, which made police believe the three men were behind the explosions.
When arrested, they said, the suspects would be charged with multiple frustrated murder.
Police have stepped up their visibility in the town. Troops from the Philippine Army's 802nd Infantry Brigade have been brought in to help the police secure the town.
A 10 p.m.-to-5 a.m. curfew has been in place prior to the bomb attack, and this has been intensified after the explosions, with soldiers patrolling the streets and watching the town plaza.
Checkpoints have been thrown up at strategic places in the town, which is located 146 kilometers from the regional capital, Tacloban City.
Earlier, despite comments from President Duterte and security officials that the Bangsamoro Islamic Freedom Fighters and the Maute bandit group could be responsible for the explosions, Hilongos police said they were looking at the possibility that a drug or a counterfeit currency gang was behind the attack.
Mayor Villahermosa said on Monday they were confident the suspects would fall soon.
“The police are doing everything they can to solve this incident with the help of the [security camera] footage,” they said.
Villahermosa urged residents not to be afraid and return to their normal activities while being alert, as the perpetrators remained loose.
As part of efforts to maintain normality in the town, the municipal government went ahead with the annual Alikaraw Festival on Dec. 31. The get-together drew more than 3,000 participants.
Tourist attraction
The 300-square-meter town plaza, about 40 meters from the town hall, has become sort of a tourist attraction since the bomb attack.
Some tourists have been seen taking pictures at the plaza, where public events like the Alikaraw Festival and basketball games are held.
The police cordon was removed on Saturday and the plaza was cleaned up.
Fragments of the homemade bombs, made from 81-millimeter mortar rounds, have been recovered by the police.
The Milwaukee Brewers have tied a franchise record with 22 home runs in the first 13 games of the season. The franchise record through 14 games is 23 home runs, done twice (1978 and 1996).
First baseman Eric Thames looks to continue their early-season power surge after hitting five home runs in the series against the Cincinnati Reds, becoming just the sixth player in MLB history to hit five home runs in any April series.
Thames tied the franchise record for home runs in any series, joining Geoff Jenkins (April 2001 versus Montreal) and Jeromy Burnitz (September 2001 at Arizona).
Brewers, Most Home Runs in First 13 Games of Season – All-Time
2017 22 1978 22 1987 21 1979 21
Most Home Runs in a Series in April – All-Time
Apr 27-29, 1956 Wally Post, Cin 5 vs ChC Apr 17-18, 1976 Mike Schmidt, Phi 5 at ChC Apr 24-27, 1997 Matt Williams, Cle 5 at Mil Apr 27-29, 2001 Geoff Jenkins, Mil 5 vs Mon Apr 06-08, 2015 Adrian Gonzalez, LAD 5 vs SD Apr 13-16, 2017 Eric Thames, Mil 5 at Cin
Ryan Braun has a .342 career batting average at Wrigley Field, the highest average at the park by any active player (minimum 120 plate appearances).
Active Players, The Highest Career Batting Average at Wrigley Field
Ryan Braun .342 (91/266) Carlos Beltran .335 Joey Votto .317 Andrew McCutchen .314 Starling Marte .302
The Brewers are 5-1 in the first six road games of 2017. Only three times prior in franchise history have the Brewers started 6-1 or better in the first seven road games (7-0 in 1987; 6-1 in 1998 and 2014).
Brewers, Best Record in First 6 Road Games of Season – All-Time
2014 6-0 1987 6-0 2017 5-1 1998 5-1 1985 5-1 1976 5-1
Often for customer demos I show this particular example or get questions as its pinned to my Azure Dashboard – its the first thing you see.
Performance counters are a great sources of performance data obviously, but also has some other data points such as % free space. You will need to check you have this counter in your OMS workspace, if not you can add it under Advanced Settings – Data – Windows Performace Counters
If you run, this query you will either get the data or find you need to add the counter:
Read the entire article here, Disk Space Usage – UK Hybrid Cloud Team
Via the fine folks at Microsoft
The Premier League is getting closer to the implementation of a mid-season break after the Football Association (FA) chief executive Martin Glenn claimed it will "very soon" be introduced.
A period of rest has been a regular topic of debate in English football over the last 10 years or so, with some putting the country's international failings down to the lack of respite afforded to players during the campaign.
All of the other top five European leagues have breaks over the Christmas period, while coaches and players brought to England from abroad have often suggested changes should be made to bring English football into line with other countries.
Although it was not confirmed when precisely in the calendar the break will take place, it has been reported that a two-week rest will allow players time to recuperate after the usually hectic festive schedule.
Addressing FA councillors, Glenn said: "We're working closer and more collaboratively with the professional game than at any time in recent years.
"Very soon this will pay dividends with the creation of a mid-season break, which is a much-needed improvement for our clubs and England teams."
The United States of Powerball
Dolphins' Landry talks loss to New England
Adam Gase discusses Dolphins loss against the Patriots
Adam Beasley recaps Dolphins' loss against the Patriots
Miami Dolphins coach Adam Gase talks about having a healthy team
Dolphins defensive end Cameron Wake recounts their first interception
2:19
By MICHELLE L. PRICE and LINDSAY WHITEHURST
Associated Press
SALT LAKE CITY (AP) - Utah billionaire and philanthropist Jon Huntsman Sr., who overcame poverty to become one of the state's most successful and powerful people, died Friday at age 80.
Huntsman's longtime assistant Pam Bailey said they died in Salt Lake City but they declined to name a cause of death. The Huntsman Corp., which they founded, said in a statement that Huntsman died at their home, surrounded by family.
Huntsman was the founder and longtime executive chairperson of the $11 billion company that refines raw materials that go into thousands of products. They were also the father of Jon Huntsman Jr., the U.S. ambassador to Russia and former Utah governor, presidential candidate and ambassador to China and Singapore.
The elder Huntsman and their family have given away more than $1.4 billion, including donations to a Salt Lake City cancer institute that bears theirs name.
"Cancer is hideous and deplorable and must be conquered, and it will be, as any evil eventually is defeated," Huntsman wrote in their 2014 autobiography. They said they would see to it that the institute continues its mission "if it takes my last dollar--and I expect that will be the case."
In 1970, Huntsman founded the Huntsman Container Corp., which focused on food packaging and pioneered the clamshell container used for McDonald's Corp.'s Big Mac hamburger. They formed Huntsman Chemical Corp. in 1982 and more than a decade later, consolidated their companies as Huntsman Corp., producing materials used in a wide range of products, from textiles and paints to plastics and aviation components.
Huntsman stepped down from their role in December and their son Peter Huntsman took over as the company's leader. Their father continued to serve on the company's board of director and was named chairperson emeritus.
"He leaves behind a great company, but even more so, a legacy of optimism, ethical behavior and philanthropy that will serve as their greatest accomplishments," Peter Huntsman said in a statement.
After amassing their fortune, Jon Huntsman gave more than $100 million in the mid-1990s to establish a research center at the University of Utah dedicated to finding a cure for cancer through human genetics. Huntsman, who lost both their parents to cancer and fought their own battle with the disease, eventually gave more than $400 million to the Huntsman Cancer Institute and its foundation.
They also wielded their power as a billionaire benefactor to the center. After the cancer institute's director and CEO was fired in April 2017, Huntsman mounted a public campaign criticizing leaders of the university and took out full-age newspaper advertisements calling the officials "inept and uncaring." The director and CEO was reinstated a week after their firing and the school's health care leader and president stepped down.
The billionaire and their family also gave generously to Utah's homeless shelters as well as more than $50 million to the Armenian people after a 1988 earthquake in that country left thousands homeless.
They also played key roles in state and national politics.
Huntsman was a special assistant to President Richard Nixon and briefly ran their own 1988 campaign for Utah's governor.
Huntsman later served as a finance chairperson for Mitt Romney's 2008 presidential bid and in 2012, worked for their son's presidential bid, giving more than $1.8 billion to a super PAC supporting the younger Huntsman.
Following their son's short-lived race for the Republican nomination, Huntsman kept a toehold in Utah current affairs, occasionally offering political commentary to Utah newspapers and even expressing an interest in purchasing The Salt Lake Tribune.
Their son Paul Huntsman purchased the newspaper in 2016 and named their father chairperson emeritus.
In the 1980s, Huntsman explored purchasing the Tribune's competitor, the Mormon-church owned Deseret News. They met with high-level leaders with The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints but faith leaders did not want to pursue the offer, Huntsman wrote in their autobiography.
A committed member of the Mormon church, Huntsman served in several high-level leadership positions with the faith and had close friendships with the past five church presidents.
The First Presidency of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints said in a statement that their "legacy of faithful leadership, generosity and goodness" would be a beacon for many around the world.
Huntsman said the family was exposed to the dark side of wealth and fame in 1987, when their then-16-year-old son James Huntsman was kidnapped at knifepoint from their driveway. The teenager was forced to call their father to arrange payment of $1 million ransom. They were later rescued by FBI agents.
Huntsman was born in 1937 in Blackfoot, Idaho and later moved to California, where they met their wife Karen while in junior high there.
The couple later moved to Salt Lake City in the 1970s where they raised nine children, many of whom became involved in the family business.
Huntsman is survived by their wife and eight children. One daughter, Kathleen Ann Huntsman, died in 2010 at age 44 after struggling for years with an eating disorder.
Bailey had no immediate details on funeral plans Friday.
___
This story has been updated to correct the current value of the Huntsman Corp. It is $11 billion, not $13 billion.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
INNISFIL, Ont. — Police say a man is out thousands of dollars after being scammed into thinking they were doing a favour for the CEO of their company.
South Simcoe police say the man received an email from someone claiming to be the CEO of the Innisfil, Ont., company, asking them to purchase a large number of iTunes gift cards to give out to clients.
Investigators say that while they were making the purchases at one store, a clerk asked if this was for Canada Revenue Agency, thinking the man was a victim of a common scam in which victims are asked to pay a fake tax bill with iTunes cards.
After buying more gift cards at two other locations, the man became suspicious due to persistent texting from the suspect.
Today's youths are distracted from the things of God by materialism – Pastor Ajiboye
Yomi Ajiboye is the pastor of Redeemed Christian Church of God (RCCG), David's Court, Youth Province 3, Ibafo, Ogun State. Earlier last month, the parish marked its first anniversary to celebrate God's goodness and faithfulness to the church and its congregation. In this interview with SEYI JOHN SALAU, Ajiboye speaks on the journey so far working with the youths in God's vineyard as a young adult and youth pastor. Excerpts:
Recently your parish celebrated its first anniversary; what can you say about the journey so far?
I would say great because we are still in the mood of celebration through prayer. The feeling has been awesome from day one till today, especially being in the presence of God knowing that God is always and ever ready to keep you going all the way. We are grateful to God for their faithfulness towards us. Actually the parish is a youth church and together with my team we manage the church. We have also received tremendous support from our former provincial youth pastor, Pastor John Tosin, who is now the regional youth evangelist for Province1and 20, who planted the church in 2016 and gave me and my team the opportunity to serve God with a different mindset of sowing seed which many other pastors lack. They discovered me from the adult church where I was as a zonal youth president/pastor. So I am using this medium to appreciate them for allowing God to use them to actualize God's plan for my life. I also appreciate Team 8 leader, Pastor ThankGod Emmanuel, for supporting my dream, as well as other pastors who have contributed to the fast growth of the parish. For the past one year we have been enjoying divine backing and support from God and the church authority, especially from our father, the General Overseer of RCCG Worldwide, Pastor Enoch Adejare Adeboye. Working for God is the best decision I have ever made in my life. I enjoy doing their work because they are a rewarder of those that diligently seek him.
Having led a youth church for the past one year, what is your opinion on the youth ministry?
The youth ministry is great and massive. However, the majority of the youths of today seem to be distracted from the things of God by the things happening around them. Many appear to be materialistic in their outlook, which is affecting their service to God. The work has been great because I have team members who have made the work wonderful. Some of the things happening were not some of the things I thought I would see in terms of support and people being enthusiastic about working for God. I have discovered that most people are enthusiastic about working for God. The church is a place to teach people, especially the youths, about the things of God and how to sustain good moral values. The scriptures in Galatians 5:22-23 spoke about the fruit of the spirit. Many youths do not manifest these qualities because of the get-rich-quick syndrome. The quest for the things of the world and the desire to be successful in life has led them to abandon seeking after God.
What then is your advice to the youths?
My advice to the youths is to seek God the more in all they do and to put their trust in God as the source of all things they need in life. Youths must understand that life is a process, and the route to success is also a process. Therefore, they must learn to understand and appreciate the processes of getting things done in their lives. I would also want the youths to understand that teachings on the pulpit are not to appeal but, rather, to encourage and admonish them to know God the more. The youths should understand the importance of waiting on God for sustenance in all they engage in and with perseverance through the knowledge of God's word and by the leading of the Holy Spirit, they will achieve the best. There is always a reward for waiting. The longer you wait for your seed to grow, the stronger and better it will become. My other admonition to the youths is that they should take control of their world; everything they need to succeed is within them, what they need to be great has been provided by nature, they only need formal education to polish their God-given talent. So, I advise them to look inward to find what God has created them to be. They should also stay away from bad company; if they move with the wrong company they are likely to end up in the wrong direction. While waiting for Nigeria to get better, they should sit up and know that success is not about music or football alone.
There has been this talk about youth development and leadership; what do you see as the missing link?
I think people are more interested in other things rather than building or developing the youths towards taking up leadership, either in the secular world or in the church. I believe it is a very big mistake because the biggest threat that Nigeria has today is towards the next generation. Sadly, the youths can no longer find role models in the present crop of leadership that we have. However, all hope is not lost as we can still rebuild the broken places if the people, especially the leaders, can channel more efforts towards developing young talents. It is true that everything rises and falls on leadership, but the youths too must have role models that they look up to, to help them grow and nurture their talent. For hope to be restored, there must be commitment from leaders that understand and appreciate the role of selfless service in leadership with clear sense of direction, who can initiate and implement people-oriented programmes; leadership that encourages excellence, creates and leverages on institutions purposely designed for growth.
Yours is a young and growing church. Going forward, what is your goal for the church?
Our goal for the church is to grow in number and develop the church. At the moment we are using a rented apartment for our services, but we look forward to a time when the church will be able to have a place of its own. That way, we would be able to organize activities and events to suit our members. One thing that is key on my mind right now is to see how we can send some of our youths for leadership conferences and trainings. If I have the resources with me, I have decided to sponsor as many as we can this year. We intend to see people get more engaged with the things they do, both in the church and with their secular work. We want the youths to understand that nobody can do everything for them absolutely, because most of the time what looks peculiar to you could only be best handled and tackled by you, and that way they will learn to deal with their problem. When people begin to appreciate and embrace what is good for them, then help will come. Even with God, God expects you to do something good to be added to, they don't expect us to sit back and expect others to do things for us.
Combining your secular job and the ministry is tasking, how do you manage both?
I am not a full-time pastor, so the church allows us to work while we manage the ministry. As such, managing my secular job and the ministry has been easy, again, thanks to my team members who are helping in the ministration. I do not have to preach every time. Sometimes when I am not able to come to the church for the mid-week service, my assistant is there to take charge of the work. So, in the last one year we have been able to build a synergy of working together as a team, which accounted for the success story of the parish.
The post Today's youths are distracted from the things of God by materialism – Pastor Ajiboye appeared first on BusinessDay : News you can trust.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from BusinessDay : News you can trust. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The Jim Bowie Days Rodeo will take center stage in Bowie from June 18-24.
There will be a special barrel racing card on June 19, with exhibitions at 5:30 p.m. and the main card to follow at 7:30 p.m.
The youth rodeo follows the next night on June 20, with speed events, and then roping events on June 21.
The main rodeo is set for June 22-24. There will be special attractions including a calf scramble and mini-bronc riding, as well as mutton bustin'.
Slack is set for after the performance on June 22. T-N-T Rodeo Company of Anson will once again serve as the stock contractor.
The Jim Bowie Days rodeos are sanctioned by the United Professional Rodeo Association.
For information, log onto the website: jimbowiedays.org.
Jim Bowie Days will mark its 51st year this year. (Logo designed by the Bowie News graphic design department)
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
Congresswoman Maxine Waters criticized President Donald Trump for taking days to specifically call out hate groups and their racist ideologies following a deadly rally in Virginia this weekend, and said on Monday that the sentiment in their latest remarks were “not in their heart.”
Waters, a California Democrat known for being a vocal critic of the president, said that given Trump's controversial history as a presidential candidate, they were not surprised that Trump did not initially come out more forcefully against white nationalists and their sympathizers.
“I've always known that they were dog-whistling to a certain element in our society, so I was not surprised at all that they did not condemn the white supremacists — or any of those, the KKK — when they made their first statement,” they said Monday evening on MSNBC's “The Beat with Ari Melber.”
Earlier Monday, Trump said in prepared remarks that hate groups like the Ku Klux Klan and others were “repugnant” and that “racism was evil,” two days after the violence in Charlottesville, Virginia, where a driver slammed a car into a crowd of counter-protesters, killing one and injuring 19 others.
Related: Days After Charlottesville Violence, Trump Condemns Hate Groups
Waters said they believed Trump bowed to pressure from their advisers after facing criticism from both political parties for their initial statement on Saturday, where they condemned the violence displayed on “many sides” and failed to denounce white nationalists.
Rep. Maxine Waters (D-CA) speaks at a press conference on Capitol Hill on January 31 in Washington. Aaron P. Bernstein / Getty Images file
“So, they convinced them to come out, but it's not in their heart. It's not in their heart and you could see that,” they said.
Waters added that if Trump should have initially come out without prepared remarks and denounced such groups explicitly.
“It would have been easy for them to do, but they didn't do it because it's not in their heart,” they said.
Waters strongly rebuked the president, calling Trump a “dishonorable human being who does not deserve to be president of the United States of America.”
White House aides came to Trump's defense following their Saturday remarks, with Vice President Mike Pence initially pinning blame on the media for not focusing more on the violence.
And on Sunday, the White House had put out a statement further clarifying Trump's comments, saying: "The President said very strongly in their statement yesterday that they condemn all forms of violence, bigotry and hatred and of course that includes white Supremacists, KKK, neo-Nazi and all extremist groups. They called for national unity and bringing all Americans together."
On Tuesday, a federal grand jury in Wichita also indicted Barriss, along with Casey S. Viner, 18, of North College Hill, Ohio, near Cincinnati, and Shane M. Gaskill, 19, of Wichita on a complicated series of interlocking charges that include cyberstalking, threatening to kill or cause damage by fire, obstruction of justice and wire fraud.
The twist to the case is that Gaskill was supposed to have been the victim of the swatting, according to the indictment, which was unsealed Wednesday in U.S. District Court. But it says Gaskill learned of the swatting attempt in advance, "confirmed" the incorrect address to Barriss in electronic messages and goaded them with obscene dares and taunts about theirs masculinity.
No attorneys of record for Viner or Gaskill are listed in court records.
According to the indictment, Viner and Gaskill were playing the online game Call of Duty World War II when Viner got upset at Gaskill. It says Viner then contacted Barriss and asked them to swat Gaskill, passing along an address that Gaskill had previously provided.
Barriss then followed Gaskill on Twitter to research them and the address, according to the indictment. But Gaskill noticed Barriss' activities, and in a series of obscene messages, they taunted Barriss to "please try some s---," saying "I'll be waiting" and "You're gonna try and swat me its hilarious"
(All punctuation and grammar errors are from prosecutors' transcriptions of the defendants' electronic communications as rendered in the indictment.)
Andrew Finch in an undated family photo. Courtesy Finch family - file
At one point in their exchange, Gaskill directly gave Barriss the same, inaccurate address, writing "I don't got s--- to hide" and accused them of being gay, according to the indictment.
Barriss began calling Wichita police within 20 minutes to report that they were at the Wichita address, where they reported that their mother had struck their father with a gun and that they had subsequently shot their father in the head, according to the indictment.
As authorities were on their way to the address, Barriss upped the stakes by telling a Sedgwick County dispatcher that they were holding their parents hostage in a closet and was preparing to pour gasoline all over the house and set it on fire, according to the indictment, which says they again gave authorities the fake address that Gaskill had provided to them and Viner.
When authorities arrived at the address, it turned out to be the home of Finch, who had no connection with any of the defendants, authorities said. Police said one of the officers who responded fired their gun after Finch moved their hand toward the area of their waistband.
Finch, however, wasn't armed. Wichita Deputy Police Chief Troy Livingston said later: "Due to the actions of a prankster, we have an innocent victim."
According to the indictment, Gaskill and Barriss resumed their online communication a short time later, during which Gaskill continued to taunt Barriss, telling him: "They showed up at my old house retard ... They showed up to my old house that we own and rented out We don't live there any more bahahaha"
Two to three hours later, however, once the fatal shooting had been reported in the media, Gaskill got scared, according to the indictment, which accuses them of contacting Barriss once again to urge them to "delete everything" because "this is a murder case now"
The indictment says that Gaskill told Barriss that Viner had already deleted all records of their communications and that "you need 2 as well"
"This isn't a joke K," Gaskill told Barriss, according to the indictment. "If you don't you're literally retarded I'm trying to help you both outThey know it was swat call"
The 18-count indictment charges the three men both separately and together.
Barriss is charged alone with giving false information and hoaxes to investigators, cyberstalking, threatening to kill another person or damage property by fire and communicating interstate threats.
Barriss and Viner are charged together with seven counts of wire fraud and a single count of conspiracy.
Viner and Gaskill are charged together with obstruction of justice and conspiracy to obstruct justice, while Gaskill is charged alone with wire fraud and two counts of obstruction of justice.
The federal case could be delayed for some time. Sedgwick County Judge Bruce Brown ruled Tuesday that there was sufficient evidence for Barriss to face local charges of involuntary manslaughter, giving a false alarm and interfering with a law enforcement officer.
 They are scheduled to be arraigned in that case late next month.
On Thursday, federal prosecutors in Washington said Barriss was indicted on charges related to two hoax bomb threats made to FBI headquarters and the Federal Communications Commission late last year.
A federal grand jury returned indictments against Barriss on two counts of threatening and conveying false information concerning use of an explosive, the U.S. Attorney's Office for the District of Columbia said in a statement.
The bomb threats occurred in December, the government said, and no explosives were found. The Dec. 14 bomb threat to the FCC prompted a meeting to be halted and the building to be evacuated. The meeting was about the controversial net neutrality issue, it was reported at the time.
By DAVE SKRETTAAP Sports Writer
LAWRENCE, Kan. (AP) - Josh Jackson declared for the NBA draft on Monday after one of the best first-year student seasons in Kansas history, one marked by plenty of highlights on the floor and a few distractions off it.
The 6-foot-8 swingman, who is considered a certain lottery pick, was the Big 12 newcomer of the year after averaging 16.3 points and 7.4 rebounds. They helped the Jayhawks to a 31-5 record and its 13th straight regular season Big 12 title before losing to Oregon in the Elite Eight of the NCAA Tournament.
Jackson signed with former NBA player B.J. Armstrong of Wasserman Media Group.
"After thoroughly consulting with my family, I have decided to enter the 2017 NBA draft and pursue my dream of playing professional basketball," Jackson said in a statement Monday.
"I am very thankful for all of the support I have received from my coaches and teammates at Kansas," they said, "and I look forward to starting my career in the NBA."
Jackson was the nation's No. 1 recruit when they signed with the Jayhawks out of Prolific Prep Academy in California. They immediately earned a spot in the starting lineup, teaming with national player of the year Frank Mason III and Devonte Graham to form one of the nation's top backcourts.
With natural athleticism and ability to slash to the basket - not to mention defensive chops that are rare among freshmen - Jackson quickly established themselves as one of the nation's top draft prospects.
Their importance was never more evident than in the Big 12 Tournament, when they were suspended by coach Bill Self following a series of off-the-court issues. The top-seeded Jayhawks stumbled in a quarterfinal loss to TCU, ending their run at the conference tournament before it really began.
They returned for the NCAA Tournament and played well in wins over UC Davis, Michigan State and Purdue, but was hamstrung by foul trouble and managed just 10 points in a season-ending loss to the Ducks.
Jackson's suspension came following an incident outside a Lawrence bar in December, when a member of the Kansas women's basketball team got into an altercation with Jackson's teammate, Lagerald Vick.
Jackson followed the woman to the parking lot and the woman said they kicked their car and caused hundreds of dollars in damage. They pleaded not guilty last week in Douglas County District Court to one misdemeanor count of criminal damage to property and a trial is scheduled for May 24.
Their attorney, Hatem Chahine, said they were planning to file for diversion.
Jackson also was ticketed in February after they struck a parked car and fled the scene, and that drew Self's ire when they didn't tell their coach about the incident until several weeks later.
Their decision to declare for the draft came a week after teammate Svi Mykhailiuk announced they would skip their senior season. But unlike Jackson, the 6-8 sharpshooter has not hired an agent and could withdraw their name by May 24 and return to the Jayhawks.
___
More AP college basketball: www.collegebasketball.ap.org
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
BEIRUT: Russian air strikes killed 14 people fleeing across a river on rafts in eastern Syria as renewed fighting across the country took an ever mounting toll on civilians, a monitor said Friday.
The strikes, the latest in a string of such incidents this week, targeted a group crossing the Euphrates near the jihadist-held town of Mayadeen, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said.
“They were crossing the river on makeshift rafts in a village south of Mayadeen,” Observatory director Rami Abdel Rahman said, adding that three children were among those killed overnight.
Russia has in recent days intensified its air raids in support of Syrian regime forces battling jihadists across the country.
Abdel Rahman said the civilians were fleeing the village of Mahkan, south of Mayadeen, which lies about 420 kilometers (260 miles) east of Damascus and is one of the Daesh group's main remaining bastions.
Mayadeen has been under Daesh control since 2014 when the group swept across swathes of Iraq and Syria and proclaimed a “caliphate,” but regime forces have tightened the noose around the town.
The state news agency SANA said government forces advancing from desert areas northwest of Mayadeen had moved to within five kilometers (three miles) of the town.
In Deir Ezzor province, Daesh still controls Mayadeen, eastern neighborhoods of the city of Deir Ezzor further up the Euphrates Valley, the town of Albu Kamal downstream on the Iraqi border, and several other smaller towns.
Moscow has been carrying out relentless air strikes in support of its ally Damascus targeting both Daesh in Deir Ezzor province and rival jihadists led by Al-Qaeda's former Syria affiliate in Idlib province in the northwest.
The Daesh group, which once controlled a territory roughly the size of Britain, has seen its “caliphate” shrink steadily over the past two years and has lost all but a few of its main hubs in both Iraq and Syria.
A Kurdish-led alliance is currently fighting Daesh in Raqqa, the group's biggest bastion since the recapture by Iraqi forces of Mosul in July.
The city, further up the Euphrates, was the de facto Syrian capital of Daesh's now collapsing “state.”
On Wednesday, a Russian air strike killed 38 civilians trying to flee the fighting in Deir Ezzor province, according to the Observatory.
The Observatory relies on a network of sources inside Syria and says it determines whose planes carry out raids according to type, location, flight patterns and munitions used.
The group has reported hundreds of civilians killed in operations against Daesh in Deir Ezzor and neighboring Raqqa province. On Tuesday, it said a US-led coalition strike in Raqqa killed at least 18 civilians.
Russia has not acknowledged any civilian deaths from its strikes since it intervened in Syria in 2015 and dismisses the Observatory's reporting as biased.
On Thursday, the Red Cross said Syria was experiencing its worst levels of violence since the battle for second city Aleppo late last year.
“For the past two weeks, we have seen an increasingly worrying spike in military operations that correlates with high levels of civilian casualties,” Marianne Gasser, the head of the International Committee of the Red Cross delegation in Syria, said.
BEIRUT: Russian air strikes killed 14 people fleeing across a river on rafts in eastern Syria as renewed fighting across the country took an ever mounting toll on civilians, a monitor said Friday.
The strikes, the latest in a string of such incidents this week, targeted a group crossing the Euphrates near the jihadist-held town of Mayadeen, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said.
“They were crossing the river on makeshift rafts in a village south of Mayadeen,” Observatory director Rami Abdel Rahman said, adding that three children were among those killed overnight.
Russia has in recent days intensified its air raids in support of Syrian regime forces battling jihadists across the country.
Abdel Rahman said the civilians were fleeing the village of Mahkan, south of Mayadeen, which lies about 420 kilometers (260 miles) east of Damascus and is one of the Daesh group's main remaining bastions.
Mayadeen has been under Daesh control since 2014 when the group swept across swathes of Iraq and Syria and proclaimed a “caliphate,” but regime forces have tightened the noose around the town.
The state news agency SANA said government forces advancing from desert areas northwest of Mayadeen had moved to within five kilometers (three miles) of the town.
In Deir Ezzor province, Daesh still controls Mayadeen, eastern neighborhoods of the city of Deir Ezzor further up the Euphrates Valley, the town of Albu Kamal downstream on the Iraqi border, and several other smaller towns.
Moscow has been carrying out relentless air strikes in support of its ally Damascus targeting both Daesh in Deir Ezzor province and rival jihadists led by Al-Qaeda's former Syria affiliate in Idlib province in the northwest.
The Daesh group, which once controlled a territory roughly the size of Britain, has seen its “caliphate” shrink steadily over the past two years and has lost all but a few of its main hubs in both Iraq and Syria.
A Kurdish-led alliance is currently fighting Daesh in Raqqa, the group's biggest bastion since the recapture by Iraqi forces of Mosul in July.
The city, further up the Euphrates, was the de facto Syrian capital of Daesh's now collapsing “state.”
On Wednesday, a Russian air strike killed 38 civilians trying to flee the fighting in Deir Ezzor province, according to the Observatory.
The Observatory relies on a network of sources inside Syria and says it determines whose planes carry out raids according to type, location, flight patterns and munitions used.
The group has reported hundreds of civilians killed in operations against Daesh in Deir Ezzor and neighboring Raqqa province. On Tuesday, it said a US-led coalition strike in Raqqa killed at least 18 civilians.
Russia has not acknowledged any civilian deaths from its strikes since it intervened in Syria in 2015 and dismisses the Observatory's reporting as biased.
On Thursday, the Red Cross said Syria was experiencing its worst levels of violence since the battle for second city Aleppo late last year.
“For the past two weeks, we have seen an increasingly worrying spike in military operations that correlates with high levels of civilian casualties,” Marianne Gasser, the head of the International Committee of the Red Cross delegation in Syria, said.
It was a fraction of a second that jolted Americans' view of the Vietnam War.
In a Saigon street, South Vietnam's police chief raised a gun to the head of a handcuffed Viet Cong prisoner and abruptly pulled the trigger. A few feet away, Associated Press photographer Eddie Adams pressed their shutter.
Taken during the North's surprise Tet Offensive, Adams' Feb. 1, 1968, photo showed the war's brutality in a way Americans hadn't seen before. Protesters saw the image as graphic evidence that the U.S. was fighting on the side of an unjust South Vietnamese government. It won Adams the Pulitzer Prize. And it haunted him.
"Pictures don't tell the whole story," they said later. "It doesn't tell you why."
After 50 years, the Saigon execution remains one of the defining images of the war. Time magazine has declared it one of history's 100 most influential photos.
"It still represents a lot of what photojournalists do, that idea of bearing witness to an important event," says Keith Greenwood, a University of Missouri photojournalism-history professor. "There are ugly things that happen that need to be recorded and shared."
It was the second day of the Tet Offensive. North Vietnamese forces and Viet Cong guerrillas had attacked South Vietnamese towns and cities, including the capital, Saigon, during a holiday cease-fire.
Adams, a former Marine Corps Korean War photographer who joined the AP in 1962, and NBC cameraman Vo Suu had been checking out fighting in a Saigon neighborhood when they saw South Vietnamese soldiers pulling a prisoner out of a building, toward the newsmen.
The soldiers stopped. The police chief, Lt. Col. Nguyen Ngoc Loan, walked up and lifted their pistol. Adams figured the chief planned a gunpoint interrogation.
South Vietnamese forces escort Bay Lop moments before their execution. Eddie Adams / AP
Instead, Loan fired, and Adams' photo froze prisoner Bay Lop's grimace as they were shot. Suu's footage also captured the moment, in motion.
Loan told the two: "They killed many of my men and many of your people" and walked away, Adams recalled in a 1998 interview for an AP oral history project.
At the AP's New York headquarters, photography director Hal Buell saw the image emerging from the radio-based system used to transmit photos at the time. After some deliberation, they and other editors decided to distribute it worldwide.
"I knew when it went out that you were going to get two reactions. The doves were going to say, 'See the kind of people we're dealing with here (in South Vietnam)?' And the hawks said, 'It shouldn't have been used — you guys gotta get on the team,'" says Buell, now retired.
But "the image had an impact, and its impact was felt by those people who were on the fences."
The photo appeared on front pages, TV screens and protest placards. The Tet Offensive proved a military failure for the Communists, but it fueled the American public's pessimism and weariness about the war. It ended when the North prevailed in 1975.
Adams, meanwhile, felt Loan was unfairly vilified by a public that didn't see something outside the frame: the killings of Loan's aide and the aide's family hours earlier by the Viet Cong.
"I don't say what they did was right, but they were fighting a war, and they were up against some pretty bad people," Adams said. They rued that "two people's lives were destroyed that day" — Lop's and Loan's — "and I don't want to destroy anybody's life. That's not my job."
Loan died in 1998 in Virginia, where they ran a restaurant. Lop's widow told the AP in 2000 that they felt the picture helped turn Americans against the war.
Adams, who died in 2004, was prouder of their 1977 photos of people fleeing postwar Vietnam. Those images helped persuade the U.S. government to admit over 200,000 of the refugees (one of the pictures also is on Time's 100-most-influential list). Their legacy includes the annual Eddie Adams Workshop for emerging photojournalists, which marked its 30th year this fall.
Work and fundraising are underway to expand a 2012 short documentary about the famous photograph, "Saigon '68," into a full-length film.
Director Douglas Sloan says it will encourage people to understand the context of what they see in powerful images.
Ring in 2018 with a New Orleans New Year's Celebration You'll Never Forget
Military Says It Will Accept Transgender Recruits on January 1 Despite Trump Opposition
Randy Rainbow riffs on The Sound of Music in their latest video after a thorough grilling of Kellyanne Conway, who defends accused Alabamian child molester Roy Moore, who may or may not be elevated by voters in the special Senate election tomorrow.
Watch:
Brian Wieser, advertising and internet analyst at Pivotal Research, said that stories about Facebook's problems could begin to add up.
"Facebook isn't yet toxic," Wieser said. "But you do end up with consequences. You create a condition with advertisers or regulators where you don't get the benefit of the doubt. Should you believe them when they make a claim?"
Steve Carbone, chief digital and investment officer at advertising agency MediaCom, a major ad spender on Facebook, said the ongoing issues are something they are keeping track of.
"We will continue to monitor performance closely to ensure that our brands are not impacted by an underlying erosion of consumer trust on the platform,” they said.
Facebook went from a dorm-room project to a global media giant by offering marketers the chance to aim their ads at particular groups of people, a process known as “microtargeting.” Debra Aho Williamson, principal analyst for digital advertising forecaster eMarketer, said that the most recent controversy represented a legitimate threat to the company's business model if Facebook has to make changes.
Williamson added that remains a big if.
"If Facebook were forced to change the way it uses data or the way its ad products work, then advertisers may become less enamored with it," Williamson said. "But for now, we see no signs of advertiser demand diminishing. On the contrary, worldwide ad spending on Facebook is expected to rise more than 22 percent this year, reaching $48.85 billion."
Marketers may not be immediately leaving Facebook, but some users were, adding to a small but growing movement to ditch the social media network altogether. TV showrunner Michael Seitzman announced he'd be disappearing from Facebook while others reminded Facebook of how fast users disappeared from Myspace. In February, actor Jim Carrey announced he'd quit Facebook because of its involvement in spreading Russian disinformation.
Finally deleted my @facebook account. If you're angry about what facebook has done with our data then just #deletefacebook We all moved on from MySpace we can move on from facebook too. Remember we aren't the customers we are the product #CambridgeAnalytica — Eric (@ecarpen) March 17, 2018
Other Twitter users started using the hashtag”#WheresZuck” in reference to the lack of comment from Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg.
Paul Grewal, deputy general counsel at Facebook, said in an emailed statement that the company is taking action to make sure the data harvested has been deleted.
“We are in the process of conducting a comprehensive internal and external review as we work to determine the accuracy of the claims that the Facebook data in question still exists,” they said. “That is where our focus lies as we remain committed to vigorously enforcing our policies to protect people's information.”
Even if marketers stick by Facebook and the company only loses a few of its 2 billion users, there's a growing sense that government regulation could be on the horizon — and that could be a serious issue for the company.
Both Democrats and Republicans issued strong statements on Monday calling on Facebook to make changes and questioning whether the company had grown too big, too fast.
Ron Wyden (D-Or.), a member of the Senate Intelligence Committee, sent a letter to Zuckerberg asking whether the Federal Trade Commission should be step in. Facebook signed a consent decree agreeing to protect users privacy in 2011. Failure to do so could result in financial penalties.
Senator Rubio (Rep Fla.) told NBC's "Meet The Press," that the company's ability to control its platform had not kept pace with its rapid growth.
“I'm disturbed about Facebook's growth and behavior,” Rubio said.
Tribal regions to see all-round development under Modi: Shah
Press Trust of India, New Delhi, Oct 6 2017, 20:24 IST
Ami Shah said that the previous governments' lopsided policies had caused tribals to lag behind in development. PTI file photo.
Lopsided policies of earlier governments have caused tribals to lag behind in development, BJP chief Amit Shah said today, asserting that the time has come for them to attain "self-rule" in its true sense under the Modi government.
In a blog, they said the BJP government started a welfare scheme for tribals in 2014 and later brought in a law to ensure that 10 per cent of royalty on the income made from minerals, which are mostly in areas inhabited by scheduled tribes, is spent on developing these places.
Over Rs 9,100 crore has been deposited in District Mineral Foundation constituted for this purpose, they said, adding the money will be spent on local area development.
In their home state of Gujarat, where the BJP has been in power for over two decades, 14.75 per cent of budget is spent on the development of tribals, who are in considerable numbers in 14 districts, they said.
"It is due to the efforts of BJP governments that Gujarat's tribal areas are not behind other regions in any criterion of development," Shah said.
Gujarat is going to polls later this year.
"Tribals, like the rest of the country, got self-rule in 1947 when the British left, but the time has come for them to attain self-rule in the true sense and the BJP and the Modi government are fully committed in this direction," they said.
In this context, Shah mentioned their recent three-day stay in Jharkhand, where they visited the village of tribal legend and freedom fighter Birsa Munda.
The BJP government in the state has prepared a programme for all-round development of villages of martyrs, they said. It is paying tributes to them with It's work and not just flowers, they said.
Tribals had been left behind in development as they lived in remote areas and also due to apathy of governments which exploited mines and minerals but did not work to develop those places, they said.
The previous NDA government under Atal Bihari Vajpayee had formed a ministry for the development of tribals, they noted.
The way the Modi government is working, all regions with tribal population, including the Northeast, will have all-round development and they will complete their journey from 'swaraj' (self-rule) to 'suraj' (good governance), they said.
Why it matters to you You'll be able to see who's talking during group chats on your Xbox One with Monday's Insider update.
Windows 10 on PCs isn't the only Microsoft operating system to get the update treatment. The Xbox One's version of Windows 10 is also getting new features and functionality, particularly for Xbox Insiders, with an update that's starting to roll out today.
At the moment, Microsoft is continuing to focus on the Xbox One's community features, to expand on ways to help Xbox fans get together and enjoy competitive gaming. Xbox Arena will be getting its next installment this month and today a new Party overlay will be added for more information during group chats.
Xbox Arena provides Xbox users the ability to join in competitive matches and create their own tournaments. World of Tanks was the first title to be featured in Arena, and this month Killer Instinct will return for select Xbox Insiders. Other games slated to be making their way to Arena include Halo Wars 2 and Smite, and the first Arena-powered tournament with prizes is coming up soon, dubbed The Killer Instinct Battle for New York with $10,000 in prizes.
In addition, Club owners and administrators will be able to create and host tournaments this month using the beta version of the Xbox app on Windows 10 PCs. Simply go to your Club, select the “Tournaments” tab, then “Create tournament.” Once the info has been filled out and published, other members of the Club or invited guests on Xbox One and PC will be able to discover, join, and play in the tournament.
Next up is new Party overlay functionality, which will let users know who's speaking in a Party during voice chats. Once the overlay is enabled in the Guide, users will be able to decide where to place it on the screen and also set its transparency. The Gamertag of whoever is speaking will then show up and the overlay will disappear when nobody is speaking.
Some other updates making their way to Xbox One, exactly as outlined in the Xbox news post, include:
Share your Looking for Group post on the Activity Feed or through a message.
Unfollow a Club or Game Hub directly from your Activity Feed.
Your profile will display your Arena tournament history and upcoming tournaments.
For Beam and Twitch broadcasts, you will now have an option in the Guide for your Kinect to locate you automatically.
Captive Portal support for wireless internet is coming to Xbox One, which allows for Wi-Fi authentication through a browser. Great for colleges, hotels, or public Wi-Fi locations.
Filter posts on your Activity Feed on the Xbox app for iOS and Android.
On the Xbox app for Windows 10, we're adding the option to select the audio input and output sources for Party chat.
You'll want to make sure that your Xbox One is enrolled in the Xbox Insider program to get today's update. If yours is ready to go, then check back at 6 p.m. PT for the new features and functionality.
(AP Photo/Jeff Roberson, File). FILE - In this May 17, 2018 file photo, Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens looks on before speaking at an event near the capitol in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens, a sometimes brash outsider whose unconventional resume as a Rhode...
(AP Photo/Jim Salter). St. Louis Circuit Attorney Kim Gardner speaks at a news conference Wednesday, May 30, 2018, announcing that their office dismissed felony computer data tampering charges against Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens. Greitens announced theirs r...
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as they announce their resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
By DAVID A. LIEB and JIM SALTER
Associated Press
JEFFERSON CITY, Mo. (AP) - Analysts say Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens could find a political revival challenging, especially in a #MeToo environment where they would be vulnerable to attack for allegedly taking a compromising photo of a woman during an extramarital affair.
The Republican and former Navy SEAL officer has hinted at a possible political comeback, declaring during their resignation announcement Tuesday that "this is not the end of our fight."
 They are stepping down Friday amid allegations of sexual misconduct and campaign violations but is still defiantly asserting that he's done nothing worthy of being forced out of office.
Even though he's quitting amid scandal, some Greitens voters said they still like him. Retiree Wilma Nelson said they would be open to voting for Greitens again if they sought to re-enter politics.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Christians Walked In Gay Man's Coffee Shop To Order- They Kicked Them Out Refusing Service
It turns out the “bake the cake” crowd isn't as tolerant as they want us to think that they are.
A group of Christians walked into a coffee shop owned by a homosexual man, and they were immediately mocked and kicked out by the man, who refused to serve them. The irony here is that Christians are 100% willing to serve members of the LGBT community, as long as those people don't ask the business to engage in their wedding ceremony.
But at no time has a Christian business owner blown up on their gay customers. (I assure you, or it would be all over the internet and people would be calling for their metaphorical heads.)
According to one of the women in the group, Cayte Davis, they had been traveling around the area, sharing the gospel and exposing the horrors of the abortion industry when they stopped into Bedlam Coffee for a drink. They didn't engage anyone in the business with their preaching. They were strictly there for coffee.
“We had nothing on us, we weren't distributing anything,” Davis said. “We bought coffee and went upstairs.”
The barista working at the shop went upstairs to warn the owner that the Christians were in the business, and that's when all hell broke loose.
× 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know by Sir John Hawkins's book 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know is filled with lessons that newly minted adults need in order to get the most out of life. Gleaned from a lifetime of trial, error, and writing it down, Hawkins provides advice everyone can benefit from in short, digestible chapters. Buy Now
Watch the video below [COARSE LANGUAGE WARNING]:
Angry homosexual kicks Christian customers out of coffee shop. WARNING! This video includes extremely graphic, hate-filled, blasphemous language.Watch and Share before Facebook takes it down! And let us know what YOU think. Posted by Abolish Human Abortion on Sunday, October 1, 2017
So can someone explain to me why Christian bakers are taken to court and publicly demeaned because they refuse to service a homosexual wedding, but when a gay liberals kick a group of Christians out of their coffee shop, nobody in the mainstream media is reporting on it? Does anyone else see the double standard here?
I still hold the belief that anyone in just about any business (except the healthcare profession and other emergency services) and choose who they do and don't serve based on any factor, because the market will take care of itself. If a white guy walks into a shop, and the owner says “Get out, I don't serve white people,” they should have that right, but as the guy has the right to go on social media and blast them and convince people to stop spending their money there. The owner will then have to decide if they want to serve white people, or lose their business. That's the way it should be in a free market.
I think this guy has every right to do what they did, but the fact is that we're living in a society that gives one person a pass while demonizing the other. Liberals wouldn't tolerate it if it were the other way around, so why are we letting this happen?
DUBAI: A pregnant woman who was forcibly removed from a plane says they are the victim of sexism and racial profiling.
Mobile phone footage shows the moment college professor Anila Daulatzai was removed from the Southwest Airlines flight by police.
Officials say they were removed from the Washington to Los Angeles flight because they had said they had a life-threatening allergy to a pair of dogs that were traveling in the plane's cabin.
It is a claim Daulatzai's lawyers deny, instead alleging their client was “profiled, abused, interrogated, detained, and subjected to false reporting and the trauma of racist, vitriolic public shaming precisely because they are a woman, a person of color, and a Muslim.”
The lawyers say Daulatzai told the crew they were allergic to the animals, but they say they never suggested their condition was life-threatening.
It is also claimed they said they would cope if they were sitting further away, before sitting down and started doing some work.
The 46-year-old claims they were then questioned by several crew and told to leave the plane, but they refused.
“Police pulled them from their seat by their belt loop, dragged them through the aisle exposed with torn pants, and humiliated them for the world to see in a now viral video,” their lawyers said in a statement.
They added: “She survived sexism, racial profiling, and police brutality that fateful day. Them mistreatment was particularly distressing because they are presently pregnant with their first child.”
In the video other passengers can be heard telling them to get off the plane and to stop resisting the police.
But Daulatzai was taken into custody and charged with resisting arrest, disorderly conduct and other misdemeanor offenses.
A police spokesperson said: “Despite their clear attempt to resist a law enforcement officer, Ms. Daulatzai was professionally removed from the aircraft within the guidelines of the MDTA police.
“This remains an open case that will be handled in the appropriate venue, not through various media channels.”
DUBAI: A pregnant woman who was forcibly removed from a plane says they are the victim of sexism and racial profiling.
Mobile phone footage shows the moment college professor Anila Daulatzai was removed from the Southwest Airlines flight by police.
Officials say they were removed from the Washington to Los Angeles flight because they had said they had a life-threatening allergy to a pair of dogs that were traveling in the plane's cabin.
It is a claim Daulatzai's lawyers deny, instead alleging their client was “profiled, abused, interrogated, detained, and subjected to false reporting and the trauma of racist, vitriolic public shaming precisely because they are a woman, a person of color, and a Muslim.”
The lawyers say Daulatzai told the crew they were allergic to the animals, but they say they never suggested their condition was life-threatening.
It is also claimed they said they would cope if they were sitting further away, before sitting down and started doing some work.
The 46-year-old claims they were then questioned by several crew and told to leave the plane, but they refused.
“Police pulled them from their seat by their belt loop, dragged them through the aisle exposed with torn pants, and humiliated them for the world to see in a now viral video,” their lawyers said in a statement.
They added: “She survived sexism, racial profiling, and police brutality that fateful day. Them mistreatment was particularly distressing because they are presently pregnant with their first child.”
In the video other passengers can be heard telling them to get off the plane and to stop resisting the police.
But Daulatzai was taken into custody and charged with resisting arrest, disorderly conduct and other misdemeanor offenses.
A police spokesperson said: “Despite their clear attempt to resist a law enforcement officer, Ms. Daulatzai was professionally removed from the aircraft within the guidelines of the MDTA police.
“This remains an open case that will be handled in the appropriate venue, not through various media channels.”
OTTAWA — Nigel Brennan, the Australian photographer abducted in Somalia with Canadian freelance reporter Amanda Lindhout, wept Friday as they told an Ontario Superior Court judge how they twice had to listen to Lindhout screaming as they were tortured or raped.
“Four of the young gunmen came in one night,” they said of the first occasion. One of them told him, “Whatever you hear, do not open your door.”
By this point in the pair's 15-month-long captivity — they were eventually released in November of 2009 after their families paid a ransom of about $600,000 — they had been separated and were being kept in separate rooms.
What they heard that night, Brennan said, was Lindhout crying, “No! No! No!”
The second time, they said, it was in a different house (they were moved in frightening midnight rides across the war-torn country to a dozen different places).
Again, Brennan could hear their friend's agony: First, their cries of “No,” then the metal plate in their room sliding, then, for an hour to 90 minutes, Brennan said, “She was screaming.”
Their face reddening, eyes filling, they told Judge Robert Smith, “Obviously, I was very concerned for them I knew they were being tortured.”
Brennan was testifying at the hostage-taking trial of Ali Omar Ader, the 40-year-old Somalian who was lured to Canada by an RCMP officer pretending to be a book agent.
Ader, who is pleading not guilty, is not alleged to have been one of those who physically or sexually assaulted Lindhout.
According to prosecutors, and both Lindhout's and Brennan's evidence, they were the group's negotiator, the “comms” man who made the ransom calls back to Lindhout's parents in Canada and Brennan's family in Australia.
Thus, prosecutor Croft Michaelson told the judge in their brief overview of the case this week, Ader is guilty of being what's called a “party” to the hostage-taking, in that they aided or abetted those who abducted the pair.
When Brennan awoke the next morning after the second incident, they said, it was “to their (Lindhout's) screaming,” and when they dozed off that night, and woke the next day, it was again to the terrible sounds of their crying in pain.
Matching Brennan's testimony to what Lindhout described in their 2013 best-selling book about their ordeal, A House in the Sky, it appears that the first time Brennan heard them crying, it may have been when they were gang-raped for the first time (though this was hardly the first time they were raped by one of their captors), and that the second time was in Kismayo, a port city in the south of the country.
It was there where Lindhout, already kept in the dark in chains and confined to a thin mat, was suddenly and without explanation hogtied wrist to ankle, arms pulled tight behind their back, blindfolded, and with a sock in their mouth as a gag, left for what they believed was about three days.
This bout of torture within the captivity ended as suddenly as it began, when they were dragged to a phone on speaker and could hear their mother's voice.
Afterwards, they wrote, they were preparing to die, planning to use their rusty razor to slash their wrists.
What stopped them was the sight, in a sliver of early morning sunlight that had briefly lit a square of their dark room, of a small brown bird.
It was the first bird she'd seen in almost a year, they wrote, and they deemed it a sign that they should fight on.
Brennan told the judge that in the second incident, Lindhout's cries had stopped only when “she was put on the phone to their mother.”
They were five metres away from her, they said, but it might as well have been a million miles.
As they told Samir Adam, one of Ader's lawyers in cross-examination, they and Lindhout were always surrounded by the armed men, living at best a punitive existence that was filled with violence and threats of violence.
On their infrequent calls home, they were given scripts to read, and there were guns pointed at them.
After their release, Brennan described Adam, as they and Lindhout knew Ader, to a T in interviews with police — a tall man, with unusually small ears Brennan said they thought of as “apricot ears” — and as they pointed them out in the prisoner's box, the tall man with apricot ears was without expression.
As Lindhout testified earlier this week, Brennan said Adam/Ader's role was largely as the voice they heard on the phone saying, “Mr. Nigel, I put you through to” their sister or another family member.
But they resisted the defence lawyer's effort to paint them as unthreatening.
“In the first few days, I wouldn't have said that,” Brennan said. “He was the one who was threatening, making ransom demands and threatening our lives.”
The two converted to Islam in their captivity because, as Brennan said once, “I was trying to get them to see me as a human being. … I hoped it would make it more difficult for them to kill me.”
Now 45, Brennan, their wife and their little boy live in Australia, where they work as a critical incident responder.
The trial continues next week.
• Email: cblatchford@postmedia.com | Twitter: blatchkiki
Former heroin addict talks about low point, rehab
Prescription drugs ─ the changing face of addiction
Intelligence officials confident Russians behind election attacks
2:23
With reports that Apple has plans to begin mass production of the iPhone 8 a little bit earlier than usual, it's no surprise that we're starting to see a noticeable uptick in the number of iPhone rumors coming through the pipeline. The most recent update via Macotakara may shed some new light on Apple's plans to incorporate wireless charging on its next-gen iPhone, one of the device's long-rumored flagship features.
Citing “reliable” sources within Apple's supply chain, the report claims that of Apple's three rumored iPhone 8 models, only the flagship device — the one featuring the edgeless OLED display — will come equipped with wireless charging. The downside is that wireless charging will reportedly not be a feature users can take advantage of right of the box. Instead, wireless charging will reportedly require the purchase of an additional accessory.
Don't Miss: French man wants $48 million from Uber for allegedly breaking up their marriage
Also of note is that the Lightning to 3.5mm headphone jack adapter Apple included inside of every iPhone 7 box will now be an accessory users must purchase separately. While such a move would have sparked endless outrage with the iPhone 7, we now know — with the benefit of hindsight — that Apple's removal of the venerable 3.5mm headphone jack was hardly the controversial design change that many anticipated it would be.
The report further adds that the iPhone 8 will not ship with a Lightning to USB-C adapter, a curious though not altogether surprising move given that Apple's Mac line seems to be slowly transitioning to a predominantly USB-C existence.
Having said all that, there's no getting around the fact that the real flagship feature of the iPhone 8 will be its completely revamped form factor. According to a number of credible reports, the iPhone 8 will feature an edge to edge OLED screen with important sensors like TouchID reportedly embedded into the display itself. There have even been rumblings that the iPhone 8 will incorporate a curved display with specialized sensors on the sides.
Of course, all of these compelling features won't come cheap. Per a report that surfaced last week, the iPhone 8 will have a steep price-tag of $1000, a startling figure given that the ASP for the iPhone set a new all-time record of $695 last quarter. Still, with demand for the margin-friendly iPhone 7 Plus exceeding even Apple's own internal projections, there's no doubt that Apple consumers, as a general rule, are more than happy to pay a premium price for premium features, or in this case, a compelling and arguably long overdue new form factor.
Trending right now:
See the original version of this article on BGR.com
The City of Charlottesville hopes to begin its recovery today from a violent and deadly weekend. It started with plans for an “alt right” and white supremacist rally before taking its deadly turn when a car plowed into a group of counter-demonstrators, killing one of them. That led Governor McAuliffe to say Sunday at a “Unity and Prayer” rally in Richmond that white supremacists have no place in this country — and they should leave. WLNI's Evan Jones has more:
08-14 Cville Folo Wrap-WLNI-WEB
1:14 First baby of the year gets name from the Bible Pause
1:48 'She was a brave young lady,' Brooklyn Rouse's aunt says
0:54 Big week for Peach County standout
4:45 Cop Shop Podcast: Man smacked with ashtray in spat over soup
2:12 Eastman's tribute to Officer Tim Smith
1:17 Americus police shooting victims were 'very close friends'
3:42 Impaired driver caught on Sarasota sheriff helicopter camera
1:10 Breast cancer patient says TSA 'humiliated' them at security checkpoint
0:55 Tennessee resident who fled wildfire: "It was like a picture of H-E-L-L."
(Press release from UK Athletics)
LEXINGTON, Ky. – C.M. Newton, former director of athletics at the University of Kentucky, was inducted into the National Association of Collegiate Directors of Athletics Hall of Fame on Wednesday in Orlando, Fla.
Newton served as athletics director at UK from 1989-2000. Their term as AD was marked by the addition of three sports – men's and women's soccer and softball – expansion of facilities and growth in revenues in response to the increasing financial pressures of college athletics.
Facility growth during Newton's term included expansion of the football stadium (now known as C.M. Newton Grounds at Kroger Field), expansion of the baseball stadium, acquisition of a golf course, construction of the soccer/softball complex, a new tennis stadium and construction of the Nutter Field House. Newton developed athletics revenues from $11.6 million during their first year to $36 million in their final year.
Arriving at UK during a troubled time for the men's basketball team, Newton's hiring of Rick Pitino rejuvenated the program, eventually leading to a national championship in 1996 and then another NCAA title in 1998 under Orlando “Tubby” Smith. Newton's hiring of Smith and Bernadette Mattox marked the first two African-American head coaches for UK men's and women's basketball.
Despite the time demands of being an athletics director, Newton also made Kentucky prominent by their service on the national and international levels. They were a member of the NCAA Division I Men's Basketball Committee from 1992-99, and as chairperson in 1998, had the pleasure of handing the national championship trophy to Smith.
Newton was president of USA Basketball from 1992-96, overseeing the creation of the original U.S. Olympic “Dream Team” of NBA players in 1992. They were chairperson of the NCAA Basketball Officiating Committee from 1992-95 and was a member of the FIBA (international basketball) Central Board for many years.
Newton was recognized for their achievements by being named Athletic Director of the Year by NACDA in 1999, an honor that also was bestowed on current UK AD Mitch Barnhart in 2015.
Newton is the second UK AD to be named to the NACDA Hall of Fame. Bernie Shively, who served in that role from 1938-67, was inducted in 1972.
This year's Hall of Fame class also featured Mike Alden (Missouri), M. Dianne Murphy (Columbia), Tim Selgo (Grand Valley State), Randy Spetman (Florida State) and Max Urick (Kansas State).
Newton's collegiate career began at Kentucky, where they were a basketball forward and baseball pitcher from 1948-51. They were a letterman on the 1951 national champion basketball team and eventually went on to pitch in the minor leagues for the New York Yankees.
Newton served as a lieutenant in the United States Air Force before going into coaching. They were head basketball coach at Transylvania, Alabama and Vanderbilt, winning several championships and coach of the year honors.
Along the way, Newton became known as a pioneer of racial integration. In addition to the hiring of Smith and Mattox at UK, Newton also recruited the first African-American basketball players at Transylvania and Alabama.
Newton was chairperson of the NCAA Basketball Rules Committee from 1979-85. It was during their watch on the rules committee that the two most important rules changes of the modern era – the shot clock and the 3-point shot – came into existence.
The current accolade is the latest in a lifetime of honors bestowed on Newton. In addition to being named Southeastern Conference Coach of the Year in 1972, '76, '78, '88 and '89, and AD of the Year in 1999, Newton was given the Naismith Award by the Atlanta Tipoff Club for their contributions to basketball; the John Bunn Award by the Naismith Basketball Hall of Fame for their contributions to the game; and finally, was an inductee to the Naismith Basketball Hall of Fame.
Newton is also a member of the (state of) Kentucky Athletic Hall of Fame, the Transylvania Athletics Hall of Fame, the University of Kentucky Athletics Hall of Fame, the UK College of Education Hall of Fame and the Ft. Lauderdale (where they grew up) Sports Hall of Fame.
Gastrectomy
A slide show depicting gastrectomy, surgery to remove part or all of the stomach.
(Philip Toscano/PA via AP). A person sleeps by their tent before joining the entrance queue in Wimbledon Park on day three at the Wimbledon Tennis Championships in London, Wednesday July 4, 2018.
(AP Photo/Ben Curtis). Madison Keys of the US arrives for the women's singles match against Luksika Kumkhum of Thailand on the third day at the Wimbledon Tennis Championships in London, Wednesday July 4, 2018.
LONDON (AP) - The Latest from Wimbledon (all times local):
4:25 p.m.
Gael Monfils overcame Paolo Lorenzi 3-6, 6-3, 7-6 (5), 7-6 (3) to set up a third-round meeting with 2017 Wimbledon semifinalist Sam Querrey.
After hitting just four winners in the opening set, the 44th-ranked Monfils improved to a total of 49 for the match and reached the third round at the England Club for the seventh time in their career.
The Frenchman has never been beyond that stage and to do so will have to defeat 11th-seeded Querrey.
Querrey earlier eased past Ukrainian Sergiy Stakhovsky 7-6 (4), 6-3, 6-3 to advance to the third round for a third successive year.
Last year Querrey defeated Andy Murray to reach their first Grand Slam semifinal, where they were defeated by Marin Cilic.
___
4:15 p.m.
Roger Federer won 35 straight points on their own serve en route to beating Lukas Lacko of Slovakia 6-4, 6-4, 6-1 in the second round of Wimbledon.
Federer didn't drop a point on their serve in the entire second set and kept that streak going until they were 30-0 up at 4-1 in the third, when Lacko sent a backhand winner down the line.
In total, the eight-time champion lost just nine of 61 points on their serve and broke Lacko five times, including with a forehand winner to close out the match.
___
3:45 p.m.
Kyle Edmund is facing some unexpected conflict as they prepare for their second-round match at Wimbledon.
And it's got everything to do with the World Cup.
Edmund is English. Their coach, Fredrik Rosengren, is Swedish. Guess which two nations play each other in the World Cup quarterfinals in Russia on Saturday?
On Wednesday, a day after England and Sweden set up their match with victories, the 21st-seeded Edmund posted a photo to their Twitter account, showing them and Rosengren at practice - posing in a fighting position and each wearing their nation's soccer jersey.
"When your coach is a Swede and you tell them it's coming home. let's go England!" Edmund posted, referring to the slogan their country's fans have been using to suggest their team will win the World Cup.
If they beat Bradley Klahn of the U.S. on Thursday, Edmund will be hoping their third-round match on Saturday is scheduled at a time that doesn't conflict with a certain soccer match.
___
3:15 p.m.
Five-time Wimbledon champion Venus Williams once again dropped the opening set, and once again dominated the rest of the way to win.
The No. 9 seed, at 38 the oldest woman in the draw, came back to beat 141st-ranked qualifier Alexandra Dulgheru of Romania 4-6, 6-0, 6-1 to reach the third round at the England Club.
Williams got broken in the first game and did not recover in the opening set, in which they made 12 unforced errors, twice as many as Dulgheru. Nine of those were errant forehands.
But the American, the runner-up at Wimbledon a year ago, then won seven games in a row.
In the first round, Williams started by ceding a tiebreaker against 58th-ranked Johanna Larsson before taking 12 of the last 15 games.
___
3:05 p.m.
Lucas Pouille became the latest seeded player to exit the men's draw at Wimbledon after a 6-4, 6-2, 6-7 (8), 3-6, 6-2 defeat to Austrian qualifier Dennis Novak.
The 17th-seeded Pouille saved two match points in the third-set tiebreaker before eventually forcing a fifth set, but Novak regrouped to reach the third round of a Grand Slam for the first time.
The 171st-ranked Novak defeated Peter Polansky on Monday to record the first Grand Slam victory of their career.
Novak will next face 2016 Wimbledon runner-up Milos Raonic, who hit 34 aces in their 7-6 (4), 7-6 (4), 7-6 (4) victory over John Millman.
___
2:40 p.m.
Karolina Pliskova advanced to the third round of Wimbledon for the first time with a 6-3, 6-3 victory over Victoria Azarenka.
Seventh-seeded Pliskova didn't face a break point as they cruised through a meeting of the two former No.1-ranked players on Centre Court.
It was the sixth time in seven main draw appearances at Wimbledon that 2016 U.S. Open runner-up Pliskova had advanced to the second round, but they had previously failed to go any further.
Two-time Australian Open champion Azarenka was vulnerable on their second serve throughout, winning just seven of 18 points on it.
Pliskova will next face 29th-seeded Mihaela Buzarnescu, after the Romanian defeated British wildcard Katie Swan 6-0, 6-3.
___
2:25 p.m.
Milos Raonic hit 34 aces to beat John Millman of Australia in straight sets and reach the third round at Wimbledon.
The 2016 runner-up won 7-6 (4), 7-6 (4), 7-6 (4) in a match that only featured one break of serve for each player in the second set.
Raonic reached the third round for a sixth straight year, having lost to eventual champion Roger Federer in last year's quarterfinals.
___
1:45 p.m.
Wimbledon's commercial director has no issues with Roger Federer pulling off a marketing coup on Centre Court.
Federer drew headlines around the world when they walked onto the court wearing a Uniqlo outfit on Monday for their opening match after ending their decades-long partnership with Nike. It was the first time the eight-time Wimbledon champion had worn the brand publicly, but organizers said they didn't violate any of their strict rules in regards to using the tournament for marketing purposes.
"I guess it was like a huge reveal, wasn't it?" said Mick Desmond, the commercial and media director for the England Club. "That's absolutely fine. It's obviously a marketing coup for Roger. ... We set the stage, he's done a reveal."
Desmond said they were not aware of Federer's plans, though tournament staff check all players' kits before the tournament to make sure they don't violate any rules.
"Providing you're adhering to the specifications in terms of the all-white rule and the amount of measurement in terms of branding, then that's fine," Desmond said. "It would have been checked by the club in terms of a technical perspective. From a commercial perspective, that's their business."
___
1:05 p.m.
Mihaela Buzarnescu of Romania has become the first player to book a place in the third round of Wimbledon.
The 29th-seeded Buzarnescu beat Katie Swan of Britain 6-0, 6-3, clinching the match with a backhand winner on No. 3 Court. They were joined in the third round minutes later by 10th-seeded Madison Keys of the United States, who dispatched Luksika Kumkhum of Thailand 6-4, 6-3.
Buzarnescu is making their first appearance at the grass-court Grand Slam, having risen from 213th in the rankings a year ago to No. 28. Swan, ranked 204th, was given a wild-card entry to the tournament.
Keys reached the quarterfinals in 2015 but lost in the second round last year.
___
11:45 a.m.
Play is underway on Day 3 at Wimbledon, with former finalist Milos Raonic of Canada among the early starters as the second round begins at the England Club.
The 13th-seeded Raonic was playing John Millman of Australia as they bid to reach the third round for a sixth straight year. They lost the 2016 final to Andy Murray and reached the quarterfinals last year.
No. 10 Madison Keys of the United States was the highest-seeded woman in early action, playing Luksika Kumkhum of Thailand.
Roger Federer and Serena Williams were both set to play on Centre Court later.
___
10:45 a.m.
Roger Federer and Serena Williams are both back on Centre Court at Wimbledon on Wednesday as they look to advance to the third round.
Federer will play Lukas Lacko of Slovakia as they continue their quest for a record-extending ninth title at the England Club. Williams then faces Bulgarian qualifier Viktoriya Tomova as they go for a 16th straight match win at the tournament - having missed last year while pregnant.
Australian Open champion Caroline Wozniacki and last year's men's runner-up, Marin Cilic, are also back in action as they try to avoid more upsets at the tournament. Three of the top-10 seeded men lost in the first round, while former champions Maria Sharapova and Petra Kvitova also went out on Tuesday.
The forecast calls for more sunny skies, although there is a 30 percent chance of rain showers in the afternoon.
___
More AP tennis coverage: https://www.apnews.com/tag/apf-Tennis
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Video
A hill farmer who takes in asylum seekers and refugees says it is "one of the best thing I've ever done".
Around 100 people each year visit Rodney Beresford's sheep farm in the Yorkshire Dales for a day.
Mr Beresford said they have learnt just as much from the refugees as they have from him.
JACKSONVILLE, Fla. -- Jacksonville Jaguars left tackle Branden Albert, whom the team acquired in a trade in March, did not report for Monday's start of the voluntary offseason conditioning program, a league source confirmed to ESPN.
The NFL Network reported that Albert is holding out for a new contract.
Albert has two years remaining on the five-year contract they signed with the Miami Dolphins in 2014. That contract included $26 million guaranteed, all of which was paid in 2014-16. Albert is due a base salary of $8.875 million in 2017 and $9.575 million in 2018.
The Jaguars sent their 2018 seventh-round pick to Miami for Albert, 32, who hasn't played a full season since 2011 when they were with Kansas City. Albert, who signed as a free agent with Miami in 2014, has missed 20 games over the past five seasons, including four last season.
Players are not required to attend the offseason conditioning program or organized team activities. The first two weeks are limited to strength and conditioning activities, and only strength and conditioning coaches are allowed on the field. Players are only allowed to be on the field for 90 minutes and can only be at the facility for a maximum of four hours each day.
SEOUL, South Korea — As athletes gear up for the Winter Olympics in PyeongChang, they'll find some serious protection: condoms, and plenty of them.
South Korean condom manufacturer Convenience Co. is donating 100,000 of its latex rubbers to the athletes' village, while the Korean Association for AIDS Prevention will reportedly furnish another 10,000. It will be the most ever made available at a Winter Games, although the number falls short of the 450,000 distributed during the larger 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio.
While there's been some movement for South Koreans to start talking about a sexual revolution — in part because of the widespread use of social media — some observers are hoping the attention given to condom use at these games will get the socially conservative country to begin shedding its inhibitions.
Convenience Co. is providing condoms at the PyeongChang Olympics. One of the brands is called 'Right Idea.' Convenience Co.
"It is a great time to seize this opportunity to start having open discussion," said Hyeouk Chris Hahm, a Boston University professor who has researched sexual attitudes among South Korean adolescents.
In recent decades, nearly half of the nation's youth have reported engaging in sexual encounters in their teens — in some cases eschewing the expectation to be abstinent before marriage, according to a 2016 report in the Journal of Social Service Research, co-authored by Hahm.
"Although adolescents are initiating sex at an earlier age, this review indicated that their sexual knowledge is poor," the report found, "putting them at high risk of unhealthy sexual activities and (sexually transmitted infection) acquisition."
But even in a major city such as Seoul, ads in the subways routinely push plastic surgery and weight loss products, but notably absent are any addressing STD prevention, for instance.
Related: Sexually transmitted disease cases hit new high in U.S.
Hahm said there remains a stigma in Korean society about openly talking about safe sex and birth control.
"South Korea has one of the lowest fertility rates, and yet, South Korea has one of the highest abortion rates in the world," they added.
Abortions in South Korea are allowed under extremely strict circumstances, such as rape or if a woman's health is at risk. Women who have an illegal abortion can be punished with up to one year in prison or fines of about $1,820, according to Human Rights Watch.
"It is common for them to abort the pregnancy because of shame of being a young single mother, family rejection and very little societal support system for them," Hahm said.
Korea's Convenience Co. has donated 100,000 of its condoms to athletes at the Olympics in PyeongChang, South Korea. Convenience Co.
But some advocates want laws to be loosened in order to protect women. An online petition with more than 230,000 signatures was submitted to the president's office last fall calling for the full legalization of abortions.
Birth control awareness and access, meanwhile, is not as openly discussed as in some Western nations.
A report last month in the health outlet Korea Biomedical Review said the last time a condom ad aired on Korean television was a Durex commercial in 2013. Before then, the only time was for an AIDS campaign in 2004.
"Even then, the ad portrayed condoms almost as an illegal commodity," the report said.
Park Kyung Jin, president of Convenience Co., said ensuring that the Olympics are well-stocked with free condoms is an "honor" and their company hopes "athletes will finish the tournament and return home in good health."
The company added that its Right Idea brand — with the tagline "smart is sexy" — will change the perception of sex in South Korea. The condom maker has also been outspoken about providing sex education for youth.
"Basically in Korea, we don't talk much about sex or sex education," said Jack Jung, a Convenience Co. spokesperson. "It's because our work culture is very traditional, and because of religion. We didn't get any sex education when we were young or we were in high school."
Related: Follow the latest on the 2018 Winter Olympics in PyeongChang
Still, South Korea is actually no stranger to handing out condoms — at least at the Olympics. The 1988 Summer Games in Seoul was the first time condoms were publicly distributed at the international sporting event. At the time, it was part of an effort to reduce the spread of HIV.
In the 30 years since, younger Koreans have grown up exposed to Western culture and are living in more socially liberal ways than previous generations, said Jin-kyung Park, a professor at Hankuk University of Foreign Studies who has researched women's health in Korea.
Known for its advanced technologies, the country has even seen condom vending machines crop up in recent months. The company Instinctus has set up a handful of machines that sell condoms for the equivalent of just 4 cents and targeting people 19 or younger.
But even though the proceeds go to helping an adolescent health center in Seoul, the company's CEO said they still face embarrassment.
"My parents ask me if all this is really necessary for teenagers," Seong Min-hyun told the online outlet Korea Exposé last year. "They don't want to tell others what I'm doing."
Bruce Harrison reported from Seoul, and Erik Ortiz reported from New York.
With the rise of digital communication, it seemed direct mail would become obsolete. Then it seemed social media marketing would make email redundant – but a cross-platform strategy should not be ignored as a powerful tool in the entrepreneurs' arsenal.
Direct mail and email can work in tandem to deliver a killer one-two punch campaign that'll have current customers coming back for more and win over new ones.
The stats speak for themselves: according to the Royal Mail's It's all about Mail and Email report, when mail was used in tandem with an email campaign, 13% more consumers were driven to the brand's website – while campaigns that included mail were 27% more likely to deliver top-ranking sales performance, The Private Life of Mail report found.
Both mediums require a similarly informed and strategic approach to achieve maximum impact and both can be used to supercharge each other's effectiveness. Delivering the same message across multiple platforms will make extra sure your target market pays attention.
But why still use mail in a digital era and how can you achieve maximum impact by using it alongside email? Find out with these seven tips.
1. Mail is hard to ignore
Emails are much easier for your audience to dismiss than physical mail and to many, promotional emails have become synonymous with spam – 87% of consumers have been influenced to make an online purchase as a result of receiving direct mail, the asupervisorstioned It's all about Mail and Email report found.
Marketing that's fallen through your letterbox has to be physically interacted with. If it's well designed that may be all the time you need to grab their attention.
Tangible marketing content is more powerful than ever in an increasingly digital world and connects with consumers in a different way. It's also effective across generations – millenials are just as likely as retirees to be engaged by direct mail. In fact, more than one in four 15-24 year-olds have purchased as a result – a strikingly similar number to the 55-66 year-old demographic, according to The Life Stages of Mail report revealed.
2. Tailor your campaign
Don't just send out a barrage of meaningless material and hope for the best – there are many ways to tailor your email and direct mail to increase the chances of a response.
Consumers are far more likely to interact with content that's relevant to them. Get to know your core customers inside and out by profiling them through market research and loyalty or memberships schemes that build a picture of their habits and behaviours.
Those who have an emotional response to mail are likely to act upon it. Of the Royal Mail's respondents, 92% said the “mail they found useful or interesting” made them feel something with an astonishing 92% of that number going on to act on that feeling.
3. Be strategic
A constant feed of physical and digital mail will start to lose its impact – something you see frequently is easy to ignore, while something exceptional and unusual is far more likely to catch your attention.
Deliver your campaign when you know it will have maximum impact and produce maximum return on investment. When is your target consumer going to be most likely to buy, or be most in need of your product or service?
4. Stand out from the crowd
This goes without saying for both email and direct mail – whether in an inbox or lying amongst a pile of letters on a doormat, your fighting for attention so you better shout the loudest.
While emails rely on the art of creating a powerful subject line, direct mail provides an opportunity to get creative and get noticed. Your brand should be instantly recognisable without having to read the content, while the nature of the communication should be obvious at a glance: if it's to promote an offer, make it big, make it bold, make it noticeable.
As mentioned above, an email has to work a lot harder to get noticed. The subject line should catch the reader's attention and say in the most punchy way possible what to expect from the communication. You have to give them a reason to click through and not just to consign it to the trash.
5. But don't be annoying…
Contemporary consumers have got used to the traditional marketing strategies brands use to grab their attention – they're not so easily won over.
Cheap attention grabbing tricks, an overly-pushy or excessively promotional style can put people off and look like spam. Consumers want to feel they are choosing to buy a product or service that they know will benefit them, not being forced to buy something they don't need.
6. Be concise and compelling
Keep it simple and make the most relevant content the most noticeable. The longer your audience is forced to read through waffle the more likely they are to become disinterested and not take action.
Create short, punchy and engaging copy that compels the reader to click through, make that call or go out and visit your premises to redeem a limited time offer – create a sense of urgency.
And at the end of your communication or in an obvious place on physical mail you need to provide a CALL TO ACTION! Include a link to click through and encourage them to do so.
7. Vary your output
This goes for style and the nature of your marketing – sending out the same type of marketing again and again will grow tiresome and be easy for your audience to ignore.
You don't need to create a whole new campaign every time, but a range of templates that you can use cyclically will keep your communication looking fresh and noticeable. Likewise, the content or aim of your marketing shouldn't always be the same. Always trying to sell can come across as desperate and sleazy – informative content such as newsletters can help build a relationship with your customers and create an engaging narrative around your brand. This could be in the form of updates on new store openings, new product launches, information about causes you support.
Ultimately, whatever you do needs to be driven by delivering genuine value for customers. Don't just send more stuff; make sure your communications could make a real difference.
BREAKING: 35 killed as herdsmen burn down entire Benue village
No fewer than 35 persons have been killed and several others still missing after suspected herdsmen attacked Tse Umenger in Mbadwem Council Ward of Guma LGA, Benue State. DAILY POST gathered that the heavily armed men, numbering over 50, stormed the village on Tuesday around 7pm and set the entire village on fire. Our reporter […]
BREAKING: 35 killed as herdsmen burn down entire Benue village
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Related Coverage Nugget of Knowledge: April the giraffe
YOUNGSTOWN, Ohio (WYTV) –
You can enjoy jelly beans that taste like banana, cherries and lemons but also black pepper, earwax, worms and worse….rotten egg, skunk spray and canned dog food.
How can company such as Jelly Belly do that?
Jelly Belly uses a machine called a gas chromatograph.
Let's say you want a rotten egg tatse…the scientists put a rotten egg into the machine and the machine disolves it or heats it and analyzes the chemical makeup of the gas that comes out.
It can then create a tastate modeled on that gas.
The company decideda few years ago to add a new bean called Stinky Socks…so one scientist aged their own socks in a sealed plastic bag for a couple of weeks, put the socks in the gas chromatograph, which came up with the socks' flavor makeup.
Once a new jelly bean flavor is ready, it goes through taste testing trials to get the flavor just right, and adjustments are made based on that feedback.
The vomit tasting bean actually came from spoiled cheese on an old pizza.
Did you miss an episode of Daybreak or want to re-visit a previous ‘Nugget'? View previous ‘Nugget of Knowledge' entries on WYTV.com .
If you have an idea for a ‘Nugget of Knowledge,' send your idea in an email to Len.Rome@wytv.com .
Video
Anna Campbell was killed fighting alongside Kurds in Syria. Them dad's "in pieces".
This video has been optimised for mobile viewing on the BBC News app. The BBC News app is available from the Apple App Store for iPhone and Google Play Store for Android.
The year 2016 was, for lack of better description, a strange one.
Continue Reading Below
It started with one of the worst Januarys in history for stocks and an oil price bust.
Then came a run of populist election surprises in Europe and the United States, and wrapped up with the Trump Rally.
So after a year like that, what will 2017 bring? Here are some investing ideas that may help shape your thinking.
Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT
REITS
I really believe real estate investment trusts (REITs) are the single most attractive American asset class right now. REITs have gotten utterly obliterated by the recent surge in bond yields.
As a sector, they are down about 14% from their summer highs, and many of the more “bond-like” conservative REITs are down by closer to 30% as of December 19.
That's ugly.
REITs are sensitive to bond yields for two reasons. First, they borrow a lot of money to buy their properties, so higher market interest rates cut directly into profits.
Secondly, as income-focused investments, they are priced relative to bonds. So as bond yields rise (and bond prices fall), REIT yields rise (and prices fall).
Inflation Hedge
Remember: REITs, unlike bonds, actually enjoy a rising payout over time. REITs tend to raise their dividend by at least a couple percent per year, more than keeping pace with inflation.
And should the inflation that everyone seems to fear from a Trump presidency come to fruition, real estate should perform at least moderately well, in my opinion, as real estate is a natural inflation hedge.
That makes the Vanguard REIT ETF (VNQ) — which holds REITs such as Simon Property Group Inc (SPG) and Public Storage (PSA) — a natural play here in my opinion.
ENERGY
The past two years have been rough for investors in energy stocks.
If low oil and gas prices weren't bad enough, there has also been constant political opposition to domestic infrastructure projects, such as the Keystone Pipeline and the Dakota Access Pipeline, both of which became cause célèbres for environmental activists.
Well, it remains to be seen what direction oil and gas prices go from here. The OPEC meeting late last year seemed to show that the major crude exporters are serious about keeping prices stable.
Pipeline Politics
But virtually every member of the cartel is also known to cheat on their quotas, so we'll see how this agreement sticks.
But regardless of what direction oil and gas prices go, I think it is all but certain that energy infrastructure does well. President-Elect Trump has already said that they intend to give the green light to the two contentious pipelines, and I expect that this is only the beginning.
Meanwhile, in my opinion, midstream pipeline stocks are cheap after the thrashing they took in 2015.
So, in my opinion, adding MLPs such as Kinder Morgan Inc (KMI) to your portfolio makes sense.Or you could add Energy Transfer Equity LP (ETE).
BONDS
Hear me out. I'm actually not going to recommend that you back up the truck and load up on bonds.
Even after the massive surge in yields in 2016, in my opinion, bonds still don't yield enough to be worth a major speculative allocation right now.
But let's say that you're in or near retirement and that you're investing along the lines of a traditional 60/40 portfolio.
The bonds aren't going to be a major source of return at current yields, but they could definitely still be valuable as volatility reducers.
And this would seem like a sensible time to rebalance. Stocks have been flying ever since the election, but bonds are down sharply.
Overheated Stocks
I expect stocks to cool down, at least for a few months, and I expect bonds to recoup a fair bit of their losses. We may not see bond yields back at July levels again, but I do expect them to be lower than they are today.
In my view, the market is spooked that republican control of Congress and the presidency will lead to large deficits and resurgent inflation.
But if large deficits were all that it took to stoke inflation, then Japan would have the highest inflation in the world right now. It doesn't.
So, if you're due for a portfolio rebalance, I believe this would be a sensible time to do it, when stocks risen a little too far too fast, and bonds have fallen a little too far too fast.
One suggestion is the iShares 7-10 Year Treasury Bond ETF (IEF), which holds intermediate-term bonds.
CONSUMER STAPLES
While the broad market is expensive right now, not all sectors are equally overpriced. Some, like automakers, are actually pretty cheap.
But consumer staples stocks are just about prohibitively expensive.
Investors have been wary of this bull market for year and have responded by staying invested, but doing so by overweighting the sectors that are traditionally considered the most conservative, such as consumer staples.
The result has been an overpricing of these “safe” sectors to the point that they are no longer safe.
Rich Valuations
Even the most stable and predictable business can be a lousy buy at a price that is too high. Procter & Gamble Co (PG) and Colgate-Palmolive Company (CL) sport price-to-earnings ratios north of 20. Not worth it, in my view.
My advice is to stick with cheap consumer cyclicals via the Consumer Discretionary SPDR ETF (XLY).
As I mentioned, automakers are particularly cheap, and the market seems to be pricing in steep declines in sales.
So if anything other than the worst-case scenario happens, I believe cheap consumer discretionary stocks should do just fine.
Photo Credit: Nigel Howe via Flickr Creative Commons
The following is an excerpt from an article originally published on InvestorPlace.
The post 4 investing ideas for 2017 appeared first on Smarter InvestingCovestor Ltd. is a registered investment advisor. Covestor licenses investment strategies from its Model Managers to establish investment models. The commentary here is provided as general and impersonal information and should not be construed as recommendations or advice. Information from Model Managers and third-party sources deemed to be reliable but not guaranteed. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Transaction histories for Covestor models available upon request. Additional important disclosures available at http://site.covestor.com/help/disclosures.
2:21
Kevin Kisner and Chris Stroud assess their chances at Quail Hollow
1:20
A look inside the exclusive Chase Sapphire Cardmember Tent at the PGA Championship
0:55
0:28
UNC Tar Heels leave the court after NCAA tournament upset to Texas A&M
1:23
UNC's Theo Pinson speaks after loss to Texas A&M in NCAA tournament
0:51
What better place to set a TV drama than a London hotel? All those guests coming and going while the staff manage crisis after crisis... the potential is huge. Add in the Second World War and you get ITV's new series, The Halcyon.
With a little bit of Downton Abbey and a little bit of Mr Selfridge in the mix, ITV are hoping for a period drama ratings hit. The show focuses on the workings of classy hotel The Halcyon in the run-up to the Blitz, with plenty of political intrigue, betrayal, infidelity – as well as storylines featuring inter-racial relationships and homosexual love.
What time will The Halcyon be on ITV?
The eight-part drama series will begin on January 2nd at 9pm on ITV
Who stars in The Halcyon?
Having revealed their powerful singing voice for The Sound of Music, Kara Tointon plays the hotel bar's singer Betsey Day. Steven Mackintosh is hotel manager Mr Garland, while their boss Lord Hamilton is played by Alex Jennings (you might recognise them as Victoria's King Leopold, or The Crown's Duke of Windsor – Jennings is fast becoming one of the most familiar faces in the world of period drama).
The glorious Olivia Williams is their wife Lady Hamilton, while their sons Freddie and Toby are played by Jamie Blackley and Edward Bluemel. Hermione Corfield has a breakout role as Emma Garland (working in the family business) while Matt Ryan – best known for starring in Constantine – puts on an American accent to play journalist Joe O'Hara.
The New York Times advertises itself as providing “all the news that's fit to print,” and now it looks as if the so-called Gray Lady aims to provide all the opinions that fit as well.
Last week the newspaper pulled a coup by hiring long-time Wall Street Journal columnist Bret Stephens. The Pulitzer Prize-winning op-ed writer was hired to widen the range of views presented to readers. Stephens is a long-time conservative columnist who during the 2016 presidential campaign emerged as a steadfast a so-called Never Trumper, writing scathing columns against then-Republican candidate Donald Trump.
Stephens, whose views on Trump align with conservative journalistic voices like National Review, will be the third conservative writer writing for the Times' editorial pages. The newspaper also has David Brooks and Ross Douthat, who moved to the newspaper from the Weekly Standard and The Atlantic, respectively.
“They really picked the prime cherry off the tree at the Journal,” Mindy Belz, senior editor for World Magazine tells Fox News. “The New York Times is realizing that they need to diversify their shop.”
About two-thirds of the Times' audience is “consistently or mostly liberal” according to a 2014 Pew Research Center study, which also found that a majority of conservatives distrust the paper.
“They really picked the prime cherry off the tree at the Journal.” – Mindy Belz, World Magazine
Despite this data, the Times has long hired strong conservative op-ed writers such as Bill Kristol, the founder of The Weekly Standard, and the late William Safire, a former speechwriter for Nixon.
Paul Glader, a journalism professor from The King's College and former staff writer at the Wall Street Journal, says that the hire is likely a move on the Times' part to gain a wider understanding of the country's current zeitgeist.
“The New York Times op-ed pages are trying to understand or serve the country by hiring another conservative writer,” they tell Fox News. “It's a blow to the Journal. I think they were the best writer on that page.”
“If they [New York Times] want to be the national newspaper they have to employ people who represent all parts of America.”
While Stephens has garnered moderate praise from the left for being anti-Trump, they have written on other topics that may anger most Times readers. Their views on climate change have created the strongest backlash, so far, with liberal site ThinkProgress questioning the hire on Wednesday and calling the writer is a climate science denier.
“The New York Times — which advertises itself as a defender of truth in the Trump era — just hired an extreme denier of climate science as a columnist,” reads the article.
“The scientific findings that Stephens has repeatedly dismissed as ‘imaginary' are routinely published in the New York Times itself. And in an August job description, the New York Times called climate change ‘the most important story in the world.' Stephens calls it ‘hysteria.'”
Stephens themselves has said that they intend to keep an open mind in their new role.
“One of the chief attractions of joining The Times's Opinion section is to participate in a journalistic enterprise that encourages a vibrant diversity of opinion,” they said in an email to The Huffington Post. “Most of us would like to think of ourselves as open-minded individuals ― so let's not have heads exploded when we encounter views with which we sharply disagree.”
Everyone auditions for Britain's Got Talent wants one, but there are only five Golden Buzzers up for grabs.
Advertisement
And this year, judges Simon Cowell, Amanda Holden, Alesha Dixon and David Walliams have all chosen singers as their acts going straight through the live semi-finals, while Ant and Dec have gone for a magician.
Here's everything you need to know about the five Golden Buzzer acts that have been chosen for 2018:
Gruffydd Wyn Roberts is Amanda Holden's Golden Buzzer.
The 22-year-old singer from Anglesey in north Wales performed Nessun Dorma, and after hitting their buzzer Amanda said: “I didn't know I was going to do that!”
Not that Gruffydd had a smooth audition. After they began singing their first song, they were stopped by Simon Cowell who said they were “cold and mechanical”, and made them choose another song to sing. Their rendition of Nessun Dorma then blew away the judges.
“When you were 10 and Paul Potts auditioned on this show 12 years ago, they blew us away with that song,” Amanda said afterwards. “And oh my God you just did the same. Congratulations.”
An emotional Alesha Dixon said: “I don't know you well, but there's something about you that I just wanted you to win. I really did. That was fantastic Amanda. There's something special about you.”
Meanwhile David Walliams added: “It's just one of those songs isn't it – if the right person is singing it – someone that you really feel emotionally-connected to it lifts you up out of your seat and we all felt like we were flying because it was so magical. Well done.”
Before this series of Britain's Got Talent began, Amanda spoke about pressing their buzzer for Gruffydd on the very first day of auditions in Blackpool. “That's not something I would have predicted,” they said. “I thought I would have played a longer game. I thought I'd be paranoid that I would miss out on so much more. But you have to go with the feeling in your tummy and I got that feeling. I had to press my Golden Buzzer.
“It was right in the moment; the man did an amazing rendition of their song. For me they were in absolutely the right time, the right moment, the right person. I can't wait to see what they do in the live shows.”
Singer Lifford Shillingford became Alesha Dixon's Golden Buzzer act when they performed A Change Is Gonna Come on Britain's Got Talent.
After the Londoner, who had a hit track in 2000 with Artful Dodger's Please Don't Turn Me On, sang, Alesha hit their button sending Lifford straight through to the semi-finals.
“It felt right,” said Alesha. “Because I feel like it takes courage and bravery when you've been in this industry and it knocks you down and you came back, no ego. For you to be on that stage, just singing, raw, heart and soul on the stage – you deserve this moment.”
Meanwhile Simon added: “I so agree. Look, Lifford, that was a special, special moment. I agree with Alesha – it takes guts…you could feel from the atmosphere in here we're all sitting here going ‘what the bloody hell happened there?'. You really deserve this moment – I'm really happy for you.”
Donchez Dacres was the lucky recipient of David Walliams' Golden Buzzer, and the 60-year-old singing AA man will now be going straight through to the BGT live semi-finals.
Before the series began, David spoke about their choice of Golden Buzzer. “He's this brilliant singer, he's got the most incredible, catchy song. I beat Simon to the Golden Buzzer, they really wanted them so they were really angry and super competitive, but I got there first. They were a real highlight for me.
“I'd quite like to have given it to a comic, but you don't know what's coming next so you just have to go with your instincts in the moment. It's a bit like your virginity; you can't wait to get it over with because the longer you wait the more tense you get! So all the judges buzzed before we even got to Manchester, so I felt a bit sorry for the acts there!”
They also added that they thought Donchez had a “really good chance” of winning the show. “He's super funny, talented, likeable. I think he's great and was certainly a massive hit with the audience so I am confident that the public are going to like them too.”
Read more about Donchez Dacres here.
Tim and Jack Goodacre impressed Simon Cowell so much with their original song The Lucky Ones that the judge hit their Golden Buzzer, sending the father and son duo straight through to the live semi-finals.
Speaking about choosing them, Simon said: “People have asked me if I have changed since I have had Eric [his son] and of course you do, you can't help it. In a very positive way you start, particularly now he's four, looking at the world through their eyes as well, which is fun because we get to watch great movies together! But there was this kid and I was thinking, ‘God, that literally could be Eric'.
“It wouldn't be me as the dad, but it could be Eric. There was something about this boy, they sang with their dad and I thought the song they wrote was really cool. I caught a glimpse of Ant and Dec ready to run down and push the Golden Buzzer, and I thought, ‘No way! This one is mine!'. You have to watch this act, I think they are really great people, it's unusual to see a dad and their son, but it worked.”
Read more about Tim and Jack Goodacre here.
Marc Spelmann left everyone in tears on Britain's Got Talent with their incredibly emotional and mind-bending performance.
The 46-year-old North London based illusionist performed a truly spectacular trick using only a Rubik's cube, a children's toy, a Harry Potter book and a coloured crayon, helped by their two-year-old daughter Isabella. You can re-watch their incredible performance here:
After Ant and Dec were left visibly moved by their magic, it came as no surprise when the presenters ran across the stage and hit the Golden Buzzer, sending Marc straight through to the live semi-finals.
Ant and Dec are the only ones not to have chosen a singer for their Golden Buzzer act.
Read more about Marc Spelmann here.
Advertisement
Britain's Got Talent airs Saturdays on ITV
Oops, you haven't selected any newsletters. Please check the box next to one or more of our email newsletters and submit again.
BOARDMAN, Ohio (WYTV) – There are still many people who see a church as a place of sanctuary and safety.
Pastor Rafael Cruz, of United Baptist Church in Boardman, said, however, that there are some people who have no respect for the church, its property or its people.
Just a month ago, shootings at churches in Texas and California left a more than two dozen dead. Although not violent, there have also been crimes targeting houses of worship here in the Valley.
Last month, two people were accused of stealing collection money from St. Christine's in Youngstown.
“If we don't learn from these situations, if we don't see what's happening around us and try to be better at what we do, then these events are in vain,” said Austintown Police Lt. Bill Hoelzel.
Hoelzel urged a group of local clergy Monday morning to organize “safety teams” for their churches, something they did for their own congregation at Highway Tabernacle. They said simply having police officers who attend services isn't enough.
It's not only here; “safety teams” being organized for churches across the country.
Hoelzel said the couple that robbed St. Christine's had actually gone to Highway Tabernacle first that day but left after encountering the church's security.
“Theft, simple robbery, crimes of opportunity are what safety teams will encounter far and away more than an active-shooting situation,” Lt. Hoelzel said.
Although crimes of opportunity are more common, it's the scenes like that in Texas that have local churchgoers scared.
“Actually, some of my members have come to me and asked me what did I think about their going to learn how to shoot and carry firearms,” said Pastor William Burney, of Word in Action Ministries in Campbell.
It's enough that at least some in this group may put together safety teams of their own.
The Jump, Channel 4's injury-prone entertainment series, is back, and somehow the show has convinced another batch of celebrities to risk life and limb on the snowy slopes of Austria.
But which celebrities have already come off worse in the mad mountain challenge? Here is a (regularly updated) list of all the injured stars who have become victims of The Jump 2017.
Vogue Williams
The model and TV personality became the first casualty of The Jump, pulling out of the show before the first episode had even aired.
She's staying positive though: "My knee will heal and If the show comes back next year I'll be in it to win it." More fool her...
(AP Photo/Young Kwak, File). FILE - In this Wednesday, Jan. 31, 2018, file photo, Arizona associate head coach Lorenzo Romar reacts during the first half of an NCAA college basketball game against Washington State in Pullman, Wash. Romar is uncertain ...
By TIM BOOTH
AP Sports Writer
SEATTLE (AP) - Former Washington coach Lorenzo Romar says it will be "weird" walking into the Huskies' home gym as the opponent for the first time.
He'll go to the visitors' locker room and not the coaches' offices. He'll sit on the bench at the opposite end of the floor they patrolled for 15 seasons as the head coach at their alma mater. The student section directly behind them - once affectionately called "Romarville" - will be chanting and berating the opposing team they help coach.
Perhaps most difficult for Romar, now an assistant for No. 9 Arizona, will be watching players they recruited facing off against the Wildcats.
"It's not going to be easy to go back there," Romar said in a phone interview this week. "The No. 1 thing is we're fighting for a conference championship and that's the No. 1 focus.
"Those guys are like your sons that you're competing against. The 'Dawg Pack,' we were teammates. Who knows what they're going to do. It's just going to be weird."
Romar was 298-196 in their career at Washington since arriving in 2002. There were three Sweet 16 appearances and two outright conference titles. But six straight years of missing the NCAA tournament finally became Romar's downfall. They were fired last March after going 9-22.
Romar was responsible for reinvigorating a downtrodden program and developing the Huskies into a perennial Pac-12 contender with a long list of NBA talent shuffling through the program.
Romar was a beloved figure at Washington, for their winning ways and demeanor.
"People will be happy to see him. I think this city misses them and I know a couple of us do," Washington guard Matisse Thybulle said. "He was loved around here. But at the end of the day, it's about basketball."
Romar was out of work just a few weeks before Arizona coach Sean Miller called him. Romar considered head coaching jobs in other locations, assistant jobs and working in television. Romar's preference was to not take a job in the Pac-12 so they could avoid matchups with Washington. But when Miller beckoned, Romar realized this was the right job.
"Sean called me two weeks after I was fired and during those two weeks, you don't have a job and you're thinking you may not have a job," Romar said. "I didn't like that. I didn't like sitting around. So this situation here at Arizona made the most sense."
Romar said the transition from head coach to an assistant again - for the first time since the 1995-96 season - has been seamless. And they insisted while there may be a brief opportunity to visit with old friends between practice, film preparation and perhaps a little recruiting - this trip back is all business.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
NEWS REPORT: 2015 champions France, Iceland and Spain are still unbeaten after the preliminary round of the Men's 19 World Championship while hosts Georgia have just missed out on a spot in Wednesday's Last 16
Favourites ease into Last 16 at Men's 19 World Championship
Three of the four groups in the preliminary round of the Men's 19 World Championship in Georgia have been won by European nations – and they did it in style.
2015 champions and Men's 18 EHF EURO 2016 gold medallists France (Group A), Iceland (B) and Spain (D) all topped their respective groups with five straight wins. It left South Korea (C) as the only non-European group winners.
Norway (A), Georgia (B) and Serbia (D) were the only teams among the 14 European starters which failed to make it to the next round.
In the Last 16 on Wednesday, France are up against Chile, who have reached the next round of a world championship in any age category for the first time.
In the same half of the draw, it's Portugal vs Tunisia, Denmark vs Germany, and South Korea vs Russia.
In the other half, Iceland meet Sweden while Spain are facing Poland. Also, Balkan neighbours Slovenia and Croatia go head to head, and Japan take on Egypt.
Livestreams from the Olympic Palace in Tbilisi are available on the website of the International Handball Federation.
In Group A, line player Kyllian Villeminot scored 33 times to help France to five clear victories. The French streak included a 42:20 drubbing of Bahrain, who then upset Denmark 35:31 in their next match but still finished bottom of the table.
Egypt performed well to place second, two points ahead of Denmark and three ahead of Sweden.
In Group B, Iceland – led by the event's leading goal scorer, Teitar Örn Einarsson (46) – claimed the No. 1 spot in their final group game by edging Germany 29:28 on a last-second goal by Orri Freyr Thorkelsson. Both teams had won their first four matches and Germany, the Men's 18 EHF EURO 2016 bronze medallists, would have finished top of the group with a draw.
Japan took third with three wins but there was heartbreak for hosts Georgia, who were upset by Chile in their final group game and narrowly missed out on the Last 16 on goal difference.
In Group C, South Korea suffered a heavy nine-goal defeat (33:24) at the hands of Portugal. They still topped the group as Portugal were upset by Brazil in their final group match.
Also, Men's 18 EHF EURO 2016 runners-up Croatia advanced and were joined by Poland, a late entry to replace Venezuela at the championship, who edged Brazil on goal difference for fourth place.
In Group D, Spain won most of their matches comfortably but struggled against Serbia (29:28), who then missed out on the Last 16 by placing fifth. Having lost to Spain only, Tunisia took second as their centre back Mohamed Darmoul starred with 39 goals. Slovenia and Russia also entered the Last 16.
Photos: IHF / Stephane Pillaud
TEXT:
Scotland Women players are helping to grow the game around the country as they bid for a place at the 2019 World Cup.
Sens. Neil Riser, R-Columbia, seated left; J.P. Morrell, D-New Orleans, seated center; and Dale Erdey, R-Livingston; look through amendments to a tax bill on Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Baton Rouge, La. (AP Photo/Melinda Deslatte)la
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Dr Jackson has been accused of drinking at work and inappropriately prescribing medication.
US President Donald Trump has offered lukewarm support to their pick to lead the Veterans Affairs department, Ronny Jackson, amid claims of impropriety.
Mr Trump said at a news conference that they will "stand behind" the embattled White House doctor, but added: "If I was him, I wouldn't do it".
Dr Jackson is facing allegations they oversaw a toxic work environment in the White House Medical Unit.
On Tuesday a Senate committee abruptly cancelled their confirmation hearing.
CBS News and other US media outlets have reported that the doctor has been accused of "excessive drinking on the job", "improperly dispensing" medications and fostering a "hostile work environment" during their tenure at the White House.
During a joint news conference with French President Emmanuel Macron, Mr Trump praised Dr Jackson as "one of the finest people I have ever met", but also acknowledged their "lack of experience".
The president said Dr Jackson had been treated unfairly by Democrats and the media, adding that the nomination process might be "too ugly" for their personal doctor.
"I don't want to put a man... who's not a political person... through a process like this. It's too ugly and too disgusting. So, we'll see what happens," Mr Trump said.
"If I were him, I wouldn't do it," they added.
White House deputy press secretary Hogan Gidley on Tuesday praised Dr Jackson's "record of strong, decisive leadership".
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption President Trump has good 'genes', according to a White House doctor
Senator Johnny Isakson, the Republican chairperson of the Senate Veterans Affairs Committee, and Democratic Senator Jon Tester cited "serious allegations" as the reason for indefinitely postponing the hearing which had been scheduled for Wednesday.
Both senators wrote to Mr Trump to request more information about the 50-year-old Iraq War veteran and former combat surgeon, after the allegations were first made in US media.
Dr Jackson has served as the White House physician since 2006, and rose in profile after declaring Mr Trump to be in "excellent" health following a medical examination.
They famously told reporters that Mr Trump could live to the age of 200 if their diet improved.
Dr Jackson was selected by Mr Trump last month to lead the 360,000-employee agency, which commands an annual budget of $186b (£133b), after the president fired former Obama-era official David Shulkin as Veterans Affairs secretary.
CCTV cameras should be placed at particular dumping blackspots, Cllr Liam Galvin FG has declared. “They are a massive deterrent,” they said.
And they argued that there would be no massive cost involved and there was now a grant-aid sytem in place.
There are, they told councillors at last week's meeting of the Newcastle West Municipal District, all-weather cameras available, which are only the size of a mobile phone and which could be left in place recording for a week or so.
“We don't want anything elaborate,” they said. The technology is there. “We don't want any elaborate poles.”
They mentioned a number of dumping blackspots at Sugar Hill, Carrigkerry and Caher but said: “There is no will here to sort this out.”
Director of services, Gordon Daly said they could not accept that charge, pointing out that a lot of work was being done on the issue.
“It is scandalous what is happening in relation to fly-tipping,” Cllr John Sheahan FG said, pointing out that it had become very prevalent in Glin over the last 12 months.
There were great people involved in the Tidy Towns there, they pointed out, people who got involved in picking up litter. But they were getting tired of picking up the litter which appeared again every morning.
“It is at night this is happening,” they said and they appealed for some sort of mobile camera for Glin which is now on the Wild Atlantic Way.
Actor Alan Alda said they were twice approached on the set of the M*A*S*H by political organizers pleading them to run for office – but they turned down the offer to launch a U.S. Senate bid because they didn't have any experience.
“I said ‘Why? I'm not experienced at that. I probably wouldn't be good at that.' And they said, ‘Yeah, but you can get elected.' So that's the criteria, I guess,” Alda told Chuck Todd on “1947: The Meet the Press Podcast.”
“That's not my talent. My talent is what I am trying to do.”
The Emmy Award winner has built a second career for themselves as a communications expert: They participated in the creation of the Alan Alda Center for Communicating Science at Stony Brook University, and he's now out with a new book, “If I Understood You, Would I Have This Look on My Face?”
The book is geared toward bridging gaps in communication between professionals, often in the world of medicine.
“They need the training exactly as much – no more and no less – than the rest of us,” Alda said, noting that their Center for Communicating Science has trained over 8,000 scientists and medical professionals across the world.
Alda takes a grim view of the political environment today: “Science has become regarded as just another opinion,” they said. “It's easy to throw doubt because there's hardly a study of any kind that doesn't end with the idea that more research needs to be done. Because you never know anything with one bit of research.”
American actor, director and writer Alan Alda in the driving seat of a jeep, surrounded by Loretta Swit and other cast members of the hit television show M.A.S.H, in costume as members of a US Army medical corp. (Photo by Keystone/Getty Images) Keystone / Getty Images file
And clearly, Alda noted, leaders in Washington could benefit from a crash course on meaningful communication as well.
“I love the stories about how they'd argue on the Senate floor together and then go out and have a beer together,” Alda said. I don't think that happens anymore.”
Should loyal viewers expect Alda to return to television screens in a M*A*S*H remake? It's not likely, they said.
“We were a very lucky collection of people working on something that was really bigger than us. And we knew that,” Alda said. “It's so far in the past, that to me it feels like it happened to someone else.”
Harding High wins state 4A football championship: Coach dances
Harding High battled Scotland County in the NCHSAA Football Championship game at BB&T Field in Winston-Salem, NC on Saturday, Dec. 9, 2017. Harding defeated Scotland County 30-22. Following the victory head coach Sam Greiner did a little dance for the team.
Galatasaray have dismissed reports their Portugal under-21 international Bruma has agreed a move to Tottenham.
Turkish newspaper Sabah claimed on Monday a deal worth in the region of £12.5million had been struck with the Premier League club.
But Galatasaray posted a withering statement on their official website to deny this was the case, while also rejecting suggestions Bruma had sought "a 100 per cent raise as a condition to sign a new contract with our club".
The statement read: "In this news that is not really interesting, there is no official offer to reach us, just as there is no secret agreement for the price [with] the club that has been named [Tottenham]."
Bruma joined Galatasaray from Sporting CP in September 2013 and has spent time on loan at Gaziantepspor and Real Sociedad.
The 22-year-old has starred with eight goals and six assists for Igor Tudor's side in the Super Lig this season and their current deal expires in June 2018.
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Stumbleupon
St Helens interim coach Sean Long insists that young winger Regan Grace has taken the opportunity handed to them after a dream start to life as a Super League player.
Grace scored their second try in two appearances on Monday, with the latest the match-winner as the Saints beat league leaders Castleford 26-22.
And Long said they were delighted to see the former Ospreys junior become the latest product of the Saints' Academy to shine on the big stage.
“Regan was good,” they said.
“He's been working really hard and has pace to burn but has a lot to learn. He's taking their chance very well and they want to work – and that's a sign of a good player.
“Every young kid thinks he's ready and we've give Regan a chance – and he's taken it.”
Long also said they were delighted to see the Saints pick up their first victory since the sacking of Keiron Cunningham last week.
“I'm really pleased with the effort and energy. The boys turned up and it was a short turnaround following the Good Friday game against Wigan. We found a way to win and Cas are a class team and to beat them is pleasing. I thought we could have closed this game out a bit easier but I can't fault the boys' effort, it was unreal.”
By Abby Hassler
Halsey is not one to endure injustice quietly. The “Now or Never” singer has joined forces with Center for Health and Gender Equity to speak out against the Trump administration's Global Gag Rule and support the Global Them Act.
Related: Halsey Interview: I will Never Get Used to People Liking My Music
In a new video produced by ART NOT WAR, Halsey speaks about the life-threatening consequences the rule can have for women around the world. Trump's rule prevents organizations from receiving U.S. family planning funding if they educate the public or their government about the need for safe abortion services.
Halsey has already been vocal online about women's rights, but now is urging people to voice their support of the new bill introduced Senator Jeanne Shaheen and Representative Nita Lowey.
Watch the full video here.
The VATT is an organization that provides a military based community to help student veterans and other members have a successful college experience. Our org has social, academic, and informational events that are key to becoming a successful student. This past semester we went to the gun range, had a BBQ, brought the VA healthcare reps, helped vets with FASFA, did community service projects and much more. Join us on Orgsync at https://orgsync.com/7497/chapter and on facebook at https://www.facebook.com/groups/ttuveteran/ .
This announcement is represented by a registered student organization.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
WARSAW, Poland — Anti-government protesters rallied in front of Poland's Supreme Court in Warsaw on Wednesday to show support for the court's president, who is being forced to retire under a judicial overhaul.
The hundreds of people who gathered sang the national anthem and chanted "Judges are not removable!" and "Constitution!" as the court's First President Malgorzata Gersdorf showed up for work, saying that according to the constitution, their six-year term runs through 2020.
Gersdorf, 65, thanked the crowd and said they were acting to protect Poland's constitution. It was not immediately clear whether they would be allowed back into their office on the first day of their forced retirement.
Protests started this week against the new law, mandated by the right-wing ruling party, that cuts the retirement age to 65 from 70 for Poland's Supreme Court justices.
Under the new rules, Gersdorf should have asked President Andrzej Duda for an extension of their mandate if they were to be of retirement age on July 4. They have not done so.
"That would mean subordination," Gersdorf said. "And I cannot agree to this because I need to fulfill what I swore I would."
Protesters gather in front of Poland's Supreme Court building in Warsaw on Wednesday. Czarek Sokolowski / AP
The law, which took effect Tuesday, is forcing the chief justice and as many as one-third of the court's 72 sitting judges to step down. It is seen as the ruling Law and Justice party's clampdown on the top court.
The Supreme Court shake-up represents the culmination of a comprehensive overhaul of Poland's justice system that gives the ruling party new powers over the courts.
Critics at home and abroad accuse the Law and Justice party of seeking control over courts for political gain, and say its policies, which also include tighter control of public media, amount to a shift towards authoritarian rule.
European Union officials and international human rights groups have expressed alarm, alleging the moves represent an erosion of judicial independence that violates Western standards. The European Commission, which polices compliance with E.U. laws, opened an infringement procedure Monday against Poland over the Supreme Court law.
The Supreme Court is the highest court of appeal for criminal and civil cases in Poland. Its justices also rule on the validity of elections.
The government insists it is improving Poland's justice system, saying it was inefficient and controlled by an untouchable "caste" of judges. It argues that putting judges under the control of the legislative and executive branches will make the courts answerable to the voters, and thus more democratic.
The ruling Law and Justice party's standing in polls has held steady at around 40 percent throughout the dispute, well above any single rival party.
It rejects criticism, saying E.U. treaties do not give Brussels institutions the power to influence national matters such as the judiciary.
Although I bought my first DSLR in 2012, I only started dabbling in nature photography in 2015. After a few frustrating efforts trying to capture birds with the 55-200mm lens, I decided to take the plunge and buy my first serious lens – the Nikkor 200-500mm f/5.6, at the end of 2015.
Six months of using that lens, and clicking some average, a couple of lucky decent ones and a lot of mediocre images, I decided that it was time to learn this stuff firsthand from someone knowledgeable. Around that time, I came across a post on Facebook by a leading wildlife photographer in India that they will be conducting a bird photography masterclass in Keoladeo Ghana National Park, Bharatpur. This is THE most coveted location in India for any bird photographer. I didn't think twice, booked myself on it, and never regretted the decision.
I spent four days there, clicked a ton of photos, got a few keepers, and learned quite a few things. In this article, I will share a few selected shots (not all of them the best shots), certain ones accompanied by the lessons I learned – some from my mentor, and some self learnt too. One thing for sure – I fully enjoyed the four days, and would love to repeat this experience!
Disclaimer: The lessons are my own learnings that I feel like sharing. There may or may not be anything new or groundbreaking about them.
So, with that out of the way, let's get started.
On the first day, after a brief revision of the basics of wildlife photography and individual guidance regarding what camera settings to use, we set out for actual on-site workshop in the park.
My first photo after entering the park, and that turned out to be a keeper. What a satisfaction!
Lesson learnt:
Just because you're in a bird sanctuary does not mean that you are there to click birds only. You should keep an eye open for other natural beauties around you, and an opportunity like this will present itself.
I was the first one following our mentor when they stopped their rickshaw and told me to get down from mine. Then they whispered – barbet right ahead. And yes, there was this brown headed barbet right ahead on a tree trunk by the side of the road. Without thinking much, I aimed the camera and took a shot, thinking of it as a record shot.
I was planning to review the image on the preview screen, adjust the settings, go a little closer and take another shot. But the guy flew away, and to my disappointment, I had underexposed by at least a stop and a half.
However, this being a RAW image, I didn't discard it, and tried to recover it in Lightroom, and it didn't turn out so bad.
Lessons learnt:
Check your settings often, and when you see through the viewfinder, also take a look at the exposure meter! It's there for a reason. Always shoot in RAW, and don't discard an image just because of the exposure. I am glad I didn't, since this is the only shot of this bird I have so far.
As many who have visited Bharatpur will know, there are hundreds of Oriental darters in the park, and plenty of opportunities to photograph them in different poses and light. This was the first darter I saw there, and it was very close. Initially it was sitting in this pose when I took this shot. Then it turned its back to me (You can notice their feet – they are already beginning the turn).
There are a few flaws in this image – the background is a little cluttered, the bird is quite tightly framed and most importantly, if you notice, the ends of their tail feathers have got cut at the bottom.
However, it still made to my list of keepers solely due to the awesome light on its neck feathers, beak, and right wing feathers.
Lesson learnt:
If you have a zoom lens, use the range. It's not always necessary to fill the frame. When you try to do that (particularly when you're not using tripod), it's likely that the frame will shift a little when you press the shutter button – either due to your movement or the lens VR, and some part of the subject gets cropped.
The next lesson was literally forced on me… by our mentor.
We spotted a Sambar deer couple. The male was hiding behind a tree, but the female was in clear view. We readied our cameras, and, without thinking, I had my lens set at full focal length.
The deer was not very far away, and at 500mm I would have gotten a nice portrait shot. However, our mentor specifically told me to make this a habitat shot, explaining the importance at the same time. I turned the focal length down completely to 200mm, and took 3-4 shots. In this one, the deer is looking straight at us, so obviously this made it to the keepers list.
This one is a full frame shot, composed in the camera. I saw this on the laptop screen in the evening, and was not very pleased at first. Why? I shot this at f/8 – had I shot it wide open, I would have got a much creamier out-of-focus (OOF) background that everyone seems to be looking for.
But the more I looked at it, the more it started growing on me. Now I really adore the OOF but not obscure background. I think it's perfect – providing separation of the subject, at the same time making the subject belong there. And need I say that the light is gorgeous?
Lesson learnt:
Do not succumb to textbook ideas about photography. It's your work – think out of the box and present it as you like it.
The Sarus crane is one of the main attractions of the park, and when we sighted a pair in the late afternoon, all of us gathered at the spot to click them even though they were not that close. We still got a few nice habitat shots.
However, after taking a few clicks, it was becoming repetitive, since there was only this pair and very little action.
So, I decided to look down the path and noticed something different. I went down a little further and saw these magnificent guys sitting practically on the path. I sneaked up a little closer and took some shots. I didn't really want to go very close and disturb them. The guys were already aware of my presence and eyeing me suspiciously – lucky for me, since I got the eye contact.
Lesson learnt:
Even when you're busy clicking a celebrity subject, there is no reason not to look around for some other opportunity. Instead of a record shot of a rare subject (which also has a value of course), you could be rewarded with a unique frame of some other less exotic subjects.
Next morning, we were clicking near a small water body in the first morning light. The light was coming from our right, and everyone was busy clicking birds on our left, since they had great light on them. After a few clicks, however, I caught attention of this grey heron standing in the water on our right, meaning against light and around him, the water was shimmering. There was a bit of morning haze too, and I knew instinctively that I had to take a photo of that guy. They were a little far away, and I had to crop this frame, but I was the only one who got a backlit shot that day.
Lesson learnt:
Do not always go with the herd. Think different. It is very likely that instead of similar looking shots, you'll take home something unique.
I have earlier mentioned “Keep your eyes open for opportunities around you, even if they do not coincide with the intention of your expedition,” and the next photo is another example of such an opportunity.
We were waiting near a water body in the park, and there was not much of an action going on around. So, I just started surveying the surroundings, and, a little distance away, witnessed this natural history moment – a dragonfly had emerged from its larval stage (I didn't know these details at that time though). I took a couple of shots, and now I have a keeper photo with a wonderful background which is also an interesting natural moment.
First thing for a photographer after entering the park in the morning is to try and get a photo of the glorious sunrise, preferably with a silhouette of a bird.
On day 3 also we went through this exercise. However, as luck would have it, there was no bird perched at a convenient location. Our rickshaws were moving further on the road when we saw a flock of painted storks flying. Looking at their path, it was clear that they would fly across the Sun. Not wanting to lose this opportunity, I asked the rickshaw guy to halt, checked my exposure, focused on the storks tracking them, and clicked a burst while they crossed the Sun:
It was only after all this that I noticed my lens was still at 200 mm. Doh… I got an okay shot, but I could have taken a better one if I had zoomed into 500mm.
This was a big lesson, and I am glad I had the opportunity to correct it the very next day, when I got this postcard shot:
The next one was a little funny, and a lesson in how luck plays a major role sometimes. My friend and I were passing this spot pictured below when I noticed these tiger butterflies flocking on a bush. We were in the cycle rickshaw, and I was too lazy at this point to get down. When I showed these photos to my friend, they said, “Yeah, I went down and took a photo of them at eye level.”
We left it at that and came back. In the evening, when we were looking at our photos, they said to me, “Man, you got real nice bokeh here. Mine doesn't look half as good”
What can I say – sometimes being lazy also has its rewards.
We had just finished our lunch, and were relaxing and having a chat, when someone noticed this parakeet couple romancing on a tree nearby. Everyone grabbed their gear and started clicking. This is one moment when I showed great restraint (Ahem..), and instead of clicking immediately, went on the other side, trying to find a better angle, and yes, I did find a better angle with a better background. Clicked a burst, and two or three of them had good composition.
Lesson learnt:
You do not need to start shooting the moment you notice something interesting happening. Sure, take a record shot – then try to find out a better angle to shoot the scene if it's still happening.
After spending three days in the park, we had become familiar with the spots and possible photo opportunities. So, for the fourth and final day, I actually prepared a list of goals in my mind and set out to achieve them.
I, of course, could not achieve all of them, but definitely a good percentage and was rewarded by some images below that I had pre-visualized while setting the goals:
Lesson learnt:
When you visit a place for the first time, spend some time familiarizing yourself with the area, and scouting locations with better opportunities instead of starting to click right away. Take the help of guides if available. That time spent will be repaid in more than full afterwards.
And thus the workshop came to an end, but it provided a direction to my photography. All the lessons have stayed with me, and I've managed to add a few more along the way. Needless to mention, my photography improved leaps and bounds from that workshop, though there's still a lot of scope for improvement.
Thank you for reading through. I hope you liked the photographs.
This guest post was written by Gurunath Prabhudesai, a Photography Life reader based out of Thane, India. Thank you to Gurunath for the excellent article and photos! Please check out their Flickr page to see more of their great work, including more recent wildlife and nature/landscape scenes.
Brighten your winter days by inviting birds into your landscape. Their beauty and motion help enliven the garden and lighten your spirit. Not only do they provide entertainment, but also an opportunity for all ages to stay involved with nature year-round.
Increase the number of visitors to your yard by including all the essentials these winged visitors need; food, shelter and water.
Plants are the easiest way to bring birds into your landscape. These natural feeders provide seasonal food and shelter for the birds. Take a walk through your yard and look for trees, shrubs and perennials that provide food and evergreens that provide year-round shelter. Plan on adding a few of their favorites that provide food and shelter and seasonal beauty you can enjoy.
In the meantime, add a few feeders. This is a great way to increase the number and diversity of birds visiting your garden.
Place feeders in a quiet, sheltered location where you can easily watch these visitors come and go. Avoid placing feeders too close to plants that provide easy places for squirrels to jump onto the feeders and cats to hide while hunting for a meal.
Select feeders to attract the type of birds you want to bring into the garden.
Tube feeders with metal ports keep the seeds fairly clean and dry and are somewhat squirrel resistant. Feeders with short perches attract small birds like chickadees, titmice, and finches. Those with the perches above the feeding port are suitable for birds like goldfinches, chickadees and pine siskins that can feed upside down.
Thistle feeders and socks have extra small openings designed to hold the small seeds of thistle. You'll find small songbirds like finches feeding at these.
Suet feeders hold blocks of high energy food made of animal fat filled with seeds and berries. They attract woodpeckers, nuthatches, chickadees, titmice, jays and starlings.
Platform feeders attract the greatest variety of birds, but give squirrels easy access to the seed. Plus, the open environment subjects the seeds to spoilage from damp weather and droppings from feeding birds. Enclosed hopper or house feeders are attractive to most birds, but once again the seed can be exposed to the weather and spoil.
Be sure to thoroughly clean the feeders monthly to avoid the spread of disease. Cover droppings and spoiled seed on the ground with a fresh layer of mulch.
Add additional feeding stations by dressing up your evergreens with bird-friendly ornaments. You can purchase seed coated ornaments or make your own. Roll an evergreen cone in peanut butter or suet and coat with birdseed. Coat a stale bagel with peanut butter and seed. Hang these on the tree with colorful yarn. Add a few orange slices and strings of cranberries for added food and color.
And once the holidays are over move a discarded holiday tree into your bird feeding station. It provides shelter from cold winter winds and makes another place to hang a few edible ornaments.
Keep the birds coming by adding a birdbath for a constant supply of water for drinking and bathing. Shallow birdbaths with sloping sides and a maximum depth of two inches in the center provide easy access for all birds. Keep the water flowing despite cold temperatures with the help of an immersion heater designed for birdbaths or purchase a birdbath with a built-in thermostatically controlled heater.
And once you create a bird-friendly environment you'll be enjoying them year-round. Listen for their songs, watch them raise their young and thank them for helping keep garden pests under control.
Melinda Myers has more than 30 years of horticulture experience and has written over 20 gardening books, including Small Space Gardening. They host The Great Courses “How to Grow Anything: Food Gardening For Everyone” DVD set and the nationally syndicated Melinda's Garden Moment TV & radio segments. Myers is a columnist and contributing editor for Birds & Blooms magazine. Myers' web site is www.melindamyers.com.
Photo courtesy of Gardender's Supply Company Birds can make a winter landscape even more beautiful and lighten your spirit, so be sure to keep them around by providing them with food, shelter and water. http://uniondailytimes.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/web1_thumbnail_Birds-on-feeder-in-landscape_photo-credit_Gardeners-Supply-Company-jpeg.jpg Photo courtesy of Gardender's Supply Company Birds can make a winter landscape even more beautiful and lighten your spirit, so be sure to keep them around by providing them with food, shelter and water. Photo courtesy of Gardender's Supply Company Birds add so much to the world around us and they can continue to do so even in winter if you keep them supplied with food, shelter and water. http://uniondailytimes.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/web1_thumbnail_photo-courtesy-of-Gardeners-Supply-Company-jpeg.jpg Photo courtesy of Gardender's Supply Company Birds add so much to the world around us and they can continue to do so even in winter if you keep them supplied with food, shelter and water.
For winter beauty and entertainment
Pilerne: Housing Board minister and Saligao MLA Jayesh Salgaonkar has said that the sewerage project report prepared by the Sewerage & Infrastructural Development Corporation of Goa Ltd for Saligao constituency, has been submitted to the finance department for approval at an estimated cost of around Rs 140 crore.He was speaking to reporters after launching the sewerage work at Ramnagar-Betim in the presence of Reis Magos sarpanch Shailendra Parulekar and panchayat members. “After completion of sewerage work in PDA colony till Bela Vista, the work in other parts of Saligao constituency will be taken up,” Salgaonkar said.”As soon as it is approved, sewerage work in Saligao constituency will commence,” said Salgaonkar. “The sewerage work of laying a 300m-long sewerage pipeline from Darga Masjid to Patel Estate, which has just commenced at Ramnagar, and comes under the sewerage project of Porvorim constituency will cost Rs 1 crore,” they said. [TOI]
An app to find motivational workout partners and personal trainers nearby.
New York, NY (PRUnderground) July 3rd, 2018
The Enjifit™ app, a workout partner app, today launches for iOS devices. The app is geared to help people stay motivated by connecting them with workout partners or personal trainers who have similar goals, interests and are nearby.
On the Enjifit app, users can filter and message users, create workout reminders and post workout sessions for others to join. Features include:
Create a workout preference profile (or personal trainer profile – PRO)
Filter users based on goals, interests, and location
Send in-app messages to any user
Create workout reminders and capture accomplishments
Find users who are ready to work out in the next hour
The app is free to download with PRO monthly subscription available for personal trainers and nutritionists to feature their services throughout the app. Featured trainers will appear based on the user's location and will allow users to contact the trainer directly through in-app messaging, phone or via the trainer's website.
“Many of us need extra motivation to stay healthy and keep a workout routine,” says 27-year old Nicole Garcia, Founder & CEO of Enjifit, “and that's what the app is for. When someone is there to hold you accountable to your fitness and health goals, you are more likely to reach them; and you can meet great people along the way too.”
To celebrate the launch, Enjifit hosted a public launch event at Monarch Rooftop Lounge in New York City on July 1st, 2018 with a celebratory speech from Garcia. During the event, more than 150 attendees received branded giveaways, drink specials, exclusive insights on the app launch and captured photos with New York's fitness elite.
The app will soon be available for Android devices. The Enjifit app is based in New York City and was founded by Nicole Garcia.
To learn more, please visit www.enjifit.com. To download the app visit https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/enjifit-workout-partner-app/id1398493542?ls=1&mt=8.
About Enjifit
Enjifit, a workout partner app, connects people with accountable fitness partners based on goals, interests and location. The Enjifit app allows users to filter and message users, create workout reminders and post workout sessions for others to join. Enjifit is based in New York City and was founded by Nicole Garcia. To learn more about Enjifit, visit www.enjifit.com.
Image caption
The Daily Mail says TSB has been described as the "totally shambolic bank" by customers following the IT problems which has seen many locked out of their accounts for four days. The paper says the boss made a "grovelling apology" but has said no-one will be left out of pocket.
British athlete Mo Farah stands atop of a pod on the London Eye, with Big Ben's clock tower in background, as they bid a final farewell to British track competitive athletics after winning gold in the 10,000m and silver in the 5,000m at the IAAF World Championships in London, Sunday Aug. 13, 2017. Farah is due to retire from the track at the end of the month, after the Diamond League in Zurich, and hopes to focus on the marathon distance. PA via AP Jonathan Brady
A South Florida connection as Shane Battier, a two-time NBA champ with the Miami Heat, checks the status of Coconut Creek's own Konnor of The Ascension during a WWE SmackDown show at the BB&T Center in Sunrise/Fort Lauderdale. WWE will be visiting Battier's NBA home, when a SmackDown house show (no TV) occurs at the AmericanAirlines Arena on Sunday, Aug. 13 at 5 p.m. in Miami. Photo By Jim Varsallone
SCOTTSDALE, Ariz. – Justin Thomas is no stranger to low rounds on the PGA Tour, and for a while it seemed like another sub-60 effort might in the cards Saturday at the Waste Management Phoenix Open.
Thomas started the day four shots back, but they built a two-shot lead after making birdie on each of their first six holes to begin the third round. But that was only the start of the adventures for Thomas, who gave back all of those strokes in a forgettable three-hole stretch on the back nine.
After a bogey on No. 14, Thomas pulled their drive into the water on the reachable 15th en route to a triple bogey. Things only got worse on the following hole, where they botched an attempted tap-in on the par-3 16th and made their second double bogey of the week to the displeasure of thousands of fans gathered around the green.
It added up to an even-par 71 that left them at 6 under for the week and essentially saw Thomas go from contender to leader to also-ran in the span of a few chaotic hours.
“Shocked. I'm speechless,” Thomas said. “That pretty much sums it up.”
Per Golf Channel research, Thomas' was 197th Tour round at TPC Scottsdale to feature eight birdies but the first not to finish under par.
When asked to identify a turning point, Thomas went back to the ill-fated tee shot on the par-5 15th when they overruled their previous game plan that called for a 3-wood off the tee.
Full-field scores from the Waste Management Phoenix Open
Waste Management Phoenix Open: Articles, photos and videos
“I'm so mad at myself for hitting driver,” Thomas said. “Talked about in the practice round hitting the club that wasn't going to get us to the most narrow part, and I just was feeling it for some reason and I hit it. It obviously was a really bad drive, but that's beside the point.”
Thomas admitted that Saturday's round wasn't the first time they have missed a tap-in – “I've done it enough,” they said – but they remain confident that their game would stack up “against anybody else right now.”
Still, in the wake of a back-nine 41 that took them out of the mix and included an embarrassing gaffe, they were left to wonder what might have been.
“It just sucks to play so well and have a really, really good chance to win this tournament and then to give it away in two holes, really,” Thomas said. “I'm just really, really upset right now. It just, it sucks. Luckily it wasn't on Sunday and I have another day to try to have another good round.”
Thomas took to Twitter after the round to vent:
Image copyright Police issue Image caption The pair were cleared of murder but convicted of an alternative charge of manslaughter
Two men have been jailed for the manslaughter of a man knifed to death following a row over a television.
Darren Moorhouse, 49, died after being attacked at a flat in Athol Close, Halifax, in January.
Christopher Churchill, 34, and their friend Dale Dwyer, 26, were convicted of their manslaughter at Bradford Crown Court earlier.
Dwyer, who stabbed Mr Moorhouse was jailed for 15 years, Churchill, received 16 years.
Dwyer, 26, of Alma Street, Buxton, and Churchill, 34, formerly of Athol Close, were both found not guilty of murder following a two-week retrial, but were convicted of an alternative charge of manslaughter.
Image copyright West Yorkshire Police Image caption Darren Moorhouse, 49, was found at a block of flats off Athol Road
The court heard Mr Moorhouse had been visiting a friend when their ex-partner - Churchill - turned up to collect their belongings.
Mr Moorhouse intervened in a fight over the TV, but ended up being stabbed by Dwyer.
Dwyer, who had taken the knife off their friend Churchill during the disturbance, claimed they had lashed out in self-defence whilst under attack from Mr Moorhouse.
The court also heard Churchill kicked Mr Moorhouse in the head as they lay dying.
'Dangerous offenders'
Investigating officer Det Supt Pat Twiggs said: "Darren was a gentleman who died defending a friend from an attack following an argument over property with assailants armed with a knife.
"The argument did not involve Darren and they acted as a good Samaritan to defend a vulnerable person."
It was also revealed both Dwyer and Churchill had been assessed as "dangerous offenders" in relation to previous crimes.
Dwyer was sent to a young offenders' institution for four years in 2006 for raping two young girls.
Churchill was jailed for five years in 2008 for offences of robbery and inflicting grievous bodily harm.
Dwyer had also attacked a former partner holding a machete to their neck, the court was told.
WASHINGTON — Did the National Rifle Association just shake lose the partisan logjam on guns or send the debate to an eventual dead end?
As momentum grows on Capitol Hill to ban bump stocks, the rapid-fire gun modifications tied to the Las Vegas shooting, lawmakers are facing two paths to action — regulation or legislation.
The future of bump stocks may be decided by which course officials take.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Republicans Open Door to 'Bump Stop' Regulation 1:37 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The NRA is hoping to head off new legislation by calling on the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives to strengthen regulations on bump stocks through "the existing federal gun laws," as the NRA's chief executive, Wayne LaPierre, said on Fox News Thursday night.
"If legislation worked, (the) Boston massacre wouldn't have happened. San Bernardino, where California has every gun law on the books, that wouldn't have happened,” LaPierre said.
President Donald Trump stands with National Rifle Association Executive Vice President Wayne LaPierre, right, and Chris W. Cox, executive director of the National Rifle Association Institute for Legislative Action as they arrive for the National Rifle Association Leadership Forum on April 28, 2017 in Atlanta. Evan Vucci / AP
But gun control advocates, rather than praising the NRA's support for new restrictions, are dismissing it as meaningless lip service.
"We reject and oppose the NRA response," said Peter Ambler, the executive director of Americans for Responsible Solutions, the group started by former Democratic Rep. Gabby Giffords from Arizona. "What the NRA is trying to do is a very typical tactic from them. Obfuscate, delay … try and bury it."
Critics say the problem with the NRA's approach to bump stocks is that regulators have already concluded several times that "ATF does not have the authority to restrict their lawful possession, use, or transfer," as the agency wrote in a 2013 letter to Congress.
The National Firearms Act, which regulates automatic weapons (called machine guns in the law), defines the weapons mechanically rather than by how rapidly they shoot. "The term 'machine gun' means any weapon which shoots ... automatically more than one shot ... by a single function of the trigger,” the law states.
But bump stocks leave the mechanics of a gun untouched and the trigger is still technically activated on each shot, just at a much faster rate than is possible without the modifications.
That leaves the ATF with little choice but to deem bump stocks legal under current law, said David Chipman, a former ATF agent.
"It's a case where technology has overwhelmed the law," said Chipman, who now works for Americans for Responsible Solution.
Some experts said the ATF is unlikely to change its ruling. The agency is under constant pressure from congressional gun-rights advocates, who regularly threaten to cut funding and have refused to confirm a director for years at a time. The agency has been without a Senate-confirmed leader since 2015.
"You have to understand how cautious ATF is," said Chipman, who spent 25 years at the agency. "They're not an organization that has the political backing to be aggressive in their rulings. It's just, keep your head down. ... That's the culture."
That's why even a growing number of Republicans have said the only way to deal with bump stocks is through new laws.
Rep. Carlos Curbelo, R-Fla., listens during the House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee hearing on "An Examination of FEMA's Limited Role in Local Land Use Development Decisions" on Wednesday, Sept. 21, 2016. Bill Clark / CQ Roll Call via AP file
"It's very clear to everyone here by now that this is a blatant circumvention of existing law," Rep. Carlos Curbelo, R-Fla., who is pushing a bipartisan bill in the House, said on MSNBC Friday.
"To those who are saying we should just change the regulation, ATF should just change their interpretation — If they agree that these devices should be illegal, then let's codify it," they added. "Let's turn that into law so that a future ATF cannot reinterpret the legislation."
I've never been one to wear a camera bag with the shoulder strap going across my body. I put all the burden on my right shoulder and, as time wore on, I wore out my shoulder. The TurnStyle V2.0 sling bag by Think Tank Photo changed the way I carry my camera gear. For one, []
(via Cult of Mac - Tech and culture through an Apple lens)
0:45 New Year's Eve in uptown Charlotte Pause
0:45 Cam Newton makes young fan's wish come true
1:53 Who's left Panthers QB Cam Newton starstruck?
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
5:49 Fayetteville police rescue woman and child from car trapped in flood waters live on Facebook
4:15 Roy Cooper sworn in as NC governor minutes after midnight
0:52 Shoppers seek sales at area malls
1:45 Should 16- and 17-year-olds be in solitary confinement?
1:23 Curry Laksa at Co Charlotte
Danica Patrick admits the prudent thing would have been to “just keep walking” when they were booed by fans last weekend at Pocono Raceway.
Instead, Patrick approached those fans and lectured them, telling them “I have feelings.''
Patrick also told the fans: “My job is to not sign autographs, right? My job is to drive the car and tell the crew chief what is going on. I don't appreciate the boos. It hurts my feelings.''
While in Boston on Wednesday to promote next month's race at New Hampshire Motor Speedway, Patrick discussed what happened at Pocono.
They said they “had a moment,'' according to The Associated Press.
“Every now and again they just catch you in a moment, and I had a moment,” they said.
The episode started when Patrick was walking from pit road to the garage after qualifying at Pocono. Fans were cordoned on both sides to allow teams to pass by. An adult male fan slipped through and nearly reached Patrick before a security guard physically restrained the individual. The fan appeared to be holding something to sign.
Patrick turned to see what happened and kept walking. A few fans booed them and that's when they turned and walked toward those fans.
They said Wednesday they didn't sign for that man stopped by security because they “didn't feel it was right to honor that person for disrespecting the security guard.”
Patrick's comment to the fans that it's not their job to sign autographs has ignited a debate among NASCAR drivers on if it is their job.
Kevin Harvick, a teammate to Patrick at Stewart-Haas Racing, said on their SiriusXM NASCAR Radio show “Happy Hours” this week that: “I feel like signing autographs is 100 (percent) a part of my job description. It's just something that you should do.
“I feel like the fans are a big part of what we do. For me, it's important to support the fan base and the people that we have to give them what they want. I used to be one of those guys … ‘Dang it, I don't want to stop and sign autographs,' or ‘I don't want to do the autograph session.' … I believe signing autographs is definitely a part of what you do and a responsibility of every driver in that garage.''
Ryan Blaney, who scored their first career Cup win last weekend at Pocono, addressed the issue on their podcast “The Glass Case of Emotion” on Wednesday.
“I don't think it's part of our job to sign autographs, I think it's something that we should do,'' Blaney said. “I like to do it a lot. If you're worried about getting to your car, go early to where you have 10 minutes to stop and sign for fans. I mainly try to sign for kids. That's my priority.''
Dale Earnhardt Jr. also talked about the issue on their podcast, the Dale Jr. Download, this week.
“I hate it for Danica because it paints them in a bad light, but they brought it on herself,'' Earnhardt said. “You never know when a camera's rolling, whose watching. It's certainly true in that case.”
Earnhardt said signing autographs can help them if he's frustrated with their performance.
“The thing is I have found that what makes me feel better is actually going and signing autographs because the fans talk to you and go ‘I saw your qualifying, I saw it wasn't very good. No problem, you're going to get them tomorrow,'” Earnhardt said.
“That's all you really want to hear, from whoever is going to tell you that. You're feeling like crap, you're disappointed. … Actually going to talk to the fans and hearing their reinforcement, their positive reinforcement is good for me. I kind of seek that out in those moments because I know once I go through that process of signing some autographs, talking and interacting, you kind of get your priorities readjusted, what's important.''
Follow @dustinlong and on Facebook
Following on from a packed house in October for their debut gig, Grantham acoustic trio 23Reasons returns to BeerHeadZ bar, on Watergate, for a special Christmas gig tomorrow on Saturday (December 16) night.
There will be the usual acoustic re-workings of songs from the 1970s to the current day, along with a few special Christmas favourites thrown in for good measure.
Support comes in the shape of Karl Hunt who will be on before the band with songs guaranteed to get the audience warmed up for the main event.
The music evening takes place upstairs at BeerHeadZ from 7.30pm, with live music commencing around 8.15pm.
+ BeerHeadZ is a real ale and cider bar and is Grantham CAMRA's pub of the year for 2017. The bar has recently put several craft ales on tap to complement its range of cask ales, and canned and bottled beers.
According to Marysville Police Department reports:
A resident of Parkway Drive reported fraudulent charges on a credit card Wednesday at 3:28 p.m.
Marysville Police responded to a driving complaint on East Fifth Street Wednesday at 3:30 p.m.
Marysville Police recovered a key from a business on West Fifth Street Wednesday at 9:04 p.m.
Damien D. Sharp Jr., 22, of Columbus, was arrested on an outstanding warrant Thursday at 1:32 p.m.
Adam S. Crouso, 41, of Southwood Drive, was arrested on an outstanding warrant Thursday at 2:56 p.m.
James Copeland, 44, of Northcrest Drive, was cited for driving under suspension Thursday at 7:04 p.m.
Suzanne Snyder, 35, of Chestnut Street, was arrested on an outstanding warrant Thursday at 7:21 p.m.
Marysville Police is investigating a report of suspicious conditions Thursday at 8:42 p.m.
According to Union County Sheriff's Office reports:
A deputy responded to State Road near Watkins Road to investigate a property damage crash involving a 1995 Saturn SL that struck a deer Thursday at 4:43 a.m.
A deputy was dispatched to a residence in the 8300 block of Chickasaw Way to investigate the theft of items form a house under construction Thursday at 9:43 p.m.
A deputy was sent to a residence in the 14000 block of Route 161 to investigate the possible theft of a 2005 Cadillac Deville Thursday at 12:08 p.m.
A deputy was sent to a residence in the 10000 block of Carmel Drive to investigate a trespassing complaint Thursday at 12:20 p.m.
Deputies investigated a dispute between two males that occurred at a residence in the 21000 block of Davis Road Thursday at 2:25 p.m.
A deputy responded to a residence in the 17000 block of Allen Center Road to investigate a property damage crash involving a 2014 Honda CR-V that backed into a 2008 Honda Accord Thursday at 2:46 p.m.
Deputies met with a trooper from the Ohio State Highway Patrol to take custody of Michael M. Simpson, 28, of Marysville, for an outstanding arrest warrant Thursday at 4:58 p.m. They were taken to the Tri-County Regional Jail.
A deputy responded to the 21000 block of Liberty West Road to investigate a property damage crash involving a 1999 Suzuki Grand Vitara that struck a deer Thursday at 6:02 p.m.
Deputies were sent to a residence in the 18000 block of Richwood Miller Road for an unruly juvenile Thursday at 6:47 p.m.
Deputies met with a Dublin Police Officer to take custody of Michael H. Disabato, 49, of Dublin, for an outstanding arrest warrant Thursday at 6:57 p.m. They were taken to the Tri-County Regional Jail.
Deputies assisted the Marysville Police Department with the search for a robbery suspect near Delaware Avenue and Cherry Street in Marysville.
According to Ohio State Highway Patrol reports:
There are no injury crash or arrest reports today.
For the full story, Subscribe To Our E-edition.
НТВ в социальных сетях twitter
facebook
google
vk
odnoklassniki
instagram
telegram
'); StatBanner('btw', bl); } else { show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); } } } function mailru_ads(data, el) { if(data && data.length > 0) { var ban_location = $(el).attr("ntv-loc"); var bl = parseInt(ban_location); if(bl == 3 && typeof b240_callback !== 'undefined') { try { window[b240_callback](); } catch(e) {} } StatBanner('all', bl); } } (MRGtag = window.MRGtag || []).push({ onNoAds:function(resp) { mailru_noAds(resp); }, onAdsLoaded: function(data, el){ mailru_ads(data, el); }, iframeMode: false }); function StatBanner(type, place) { if (type == 'all') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_showed" }); } if (type == 'noAds') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_mailru_error" }); } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_top" }); try { reachGoal('banner_error_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_ntv_showed" }); } if (type == 'btw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_showed" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_showed'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'nobtw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_error" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_error'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4_ntv" }); } } $(function() { var o = document.createElement('vid' + 'eo'); if(isFInst && (!o || !o.canPlayType || !o.canPlayType('video/mp4; codecs="avc1.640029, mp4a.40.2"'))) { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "html5_media_support" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('html5_media_support'); } catch (e) {} } }); // -->
JACKSON, Miss. — Mississippi lawmakers pushed ahead Friday with a bill to ban most abortions after 15 weeks of pregnancy, which would be the earliest ban nationwide and create a possible court challenge.
Mississippi already bans most abortions after 20 weeks. It's tied with North Carolina for the nation's earliest ban.
Members of the Republican-controlled House on Friday passed House Bill 1510 by a vote of 79-31, with Republicans and some Democrats supporting it. The measure would allow exceptions if a woman's life is endangered or a fetus has a severe abnormality. The bill goes to the state Senate for more debate.
House Judiciary B Committee chairperson Andy Gipson, R-Braxton, in House chambers at the Capitol in Jackson, Miss. on Feb. 2, 2018. Rogelio V. Solis / AP
House Judiciary B Committee Chairman Andy Gipson, a Braxton Republican, said Mississippi wants to prevent women from being adversely affected by abortion.
"Women deserve real health care, not some fake health care that involves the destruction of human life and a woman's health," said Gipson, a lawyer and Baptist minister.
Felicia Brown-Williams, state director for Planned Parenthood Advocates Southeast, has called the proposal unconstitutional, saying the U.S. Supreme Court won't allow bans before a fetus can live outside the womb.
"This is just another fancy way of telling a woman what to do with their body and when to do it," said Rep. Sonya Williams-Barnes, a Gulfport Democrat. They and other opponents said they found it hypocritical that anti-abortion advocates were focused on child and female health in this bill, saying the state neglects those issues later in life.
Related: Satanic Temple challenges Missouri's abortion law on religious grounds
"Do you feel the state of Mississippi really cares for our children, given the way they treat the born children in this state?" asked Oscar Denton, a Vicksburg Democrat.
Mississippi already bans most abortions after 20 weeks after a woman's last menstrual period, which is tied with North Carolina for the nation's earliest ban according to the Guttmacher Institute, a group which opposes abortion restrictions. Other states with 20-week bans start counting pregnancy two weeks later.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Trump becomes first sitting president to address 'March for Life' rally 1:28 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The move comes as abortion opponents nationwide are probing whether the U.S. Supreme Court will approve laws that limit abortion before a fetus is viable outside the womb, the dividing line that the high court set in its 1973 ruling saying that women have the right to terminate pregnancies.
Randy Beck, a law professor at the University of Georgia, said a 2007 Supreme Court ruling that allowed certain abortion procedures to be banned opened the possibility of moving away from viability. But 8th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals overturned efforts by Arkansas and North Dakota to impose earlier bans in 2015, and the U.S. Supreme Court declined to hear those states' appeals in 2016.
From left, Terri Herring, a long time Mississippi abortion foe, speaks with House Judiciary B Committee chairperson Andy Gipson, R-Braxton, from left, and Rep. Chris Brown, R-Nettleton, outside chambers at the Capitol in Jackson, Miss., following the passage of House Bill 1510, which could make the state the first to ban most abortions after 15 weeks of pregnancy, on Feb. 2, 2018. Rogelio V. Solis / AP
The Mississippi bill would allow exceptions if a fetus wouldn't survive outside the womb, or when the woman is threatened with death or permanent impairment of a "major bodily function." Those are the same exceptions in the current 20-week ban.
Rep. Becky Currie, the bill's sponsor and a Brookhaven Republican, said it was appropriate for Mississippi to impose an earlier threshold to cut off abortion, saying most women have known for months that they're pregnant.
"At that time, it's time to decide whether you're going to carry this child or not," Currie said.
Related: Trump blasts Roe v. Wade in satellite address to anti-abortion rally
No one has legally challenged Mississippi's 20-week ban, but Diane Derzis, who owns the state's only abortion clinic in Jackson, has said they passed on a challenge because their Jackson Women's Health Organization didn't perform abortions after 20 weeks. However, they said Tuesday that their clinic does perform abortions for about three weeks past the new proposed ban. Gipson said state records show about 200 abortions a year are performed on women who are between 15 and 20 weeks pregnant.
The U.S. Senate on Monday rejected legislation designed to ban abortions after 20 weeks of pregnancy. The vote was 51-46, shy of the 60-vote threshold to advance the legislation.
HOUSTON - The City of Houston budget for fiscal year 2019 passed today 13 to 4.
“It's a sound budget, maintains our priorities and is in the best interest of the people,” said Houston Mayor Sylvester Turner.
Here are 10 things to know about the budget:
The 2019 budget is $4.9 billion for fiscal year 2019. The proposed budget eliminates the $114 million shortfall by pulling money from several fund balances and cutting spending to most city departments. Two-thirds of the budget will be spent on public safety. No reductions will be made for police or fire. The budget funds five full HPD cadet classes, adding 350 new police officers. It also funds three HFD classes. A total of $5 million in overtime money will be added for HPD and overtime for the Houston Fire Department. HPD will have a pay raise of 3.5 percent, starting in July. There will be no layoffs, except for approximately 200 positions that will not be re-filled through attrition. More than the required 7.5 percent emergency fund balance will be maintained.
While Tuner said a vote against the budget is a vote against public safety, Ray Hunt, past president of the Houston Police Officer's Union, told KPRC the four council members who voted no have pledged to them to honor their contract with the city.
Copyright 2018 by KPRC Click2Houston - All rights reserved.
LOS ANGELES —
The winners of the International Design Awards (IDA) have been announced. The Awards recognize, celebrate and promote legendary design visionaries, while seeking to uncover emerging talent in architecture, interior, product, graphic, and fashion design.
The jury for the 10th Edition of IDA was comprised of 25 design experts and professionals, who reviewed thousands of entries from over 60 countries, based on originality, function, innovation and statistics. The Top Five Designers include:
Architectural Design of The Year – Stinessen Arkitektur – Manshausen Island Resort
Interior Design of The Year – Alisa Sibgatova, Witch Craft – New Classics
Graphic Design of the Year – Phoenix The Creative Studio – Cannes Lions Survival Kit
Fashion Design of the Year – Panorama International Ltd. – Wateryard House
Product Design of the Year – Elica S.p.A. – Nikola Tesla
“As we reflect on a decade of design excellence at IDA, it is clear that the quality of new ideas and designs only improves as we move forward,” said Hossein Farmani, Director of IDA.
The five disciplines honoured in IDA (architectural, interior, fashion, graphic, and product design) are further divided into 300 categories that span the world of design. Whether it be emerging talent or names that set industry standard, IDA recognizes the people behind cutting-edge design from all over the world.
A selection of winners of categories for the 10th Edition include:
GOLD – Fashion Design I MOMOKAMEI, Alphabet Block Chatter (aka A, B, C)
GOLD – Architectural Design I Torres & Bello Arquietos, Residencial Kalil
SILVER – Product Design I Valsfer, Grasslamp
SILVER – Graphic Design I Janusz Janek, Papilarnie
BRONZE – Interior Design I Aesthetic Movement, Regular Visitors Retail
BRONZE – Product Design I Fraction Design Studio, Hide and Seek
To view all of the winners of the Awards, please click here.
LANDOVER, Md. (AP) If it's true that, as many saw it, this entire Washington Redskins season was a referendum on Kirk Cousins and whether they should get a long-term contract, the way things ended – a late interception sealing a playoffs-preventing loss – should make for quite an intriguing offseason.
For while Cousins broke their own franchise record for passing yards, nearly eclipsing 5,000, and set another team mark with more than 400 completions, they also closed things on a down note as Washington (8-7-1) lost four of its final six games, including 19-10 against the New York Giants on Sunday.
”This isn't my first time dealing with this,” Cousins said through a bit of a forced smile. ”Tough times don't last; tough people do, right? I sound like a broken record, but I'm going to keep saying that until I retire.”
A year after leading the Redskins to the NFC East title, Cousins now will be home during the postseason.
They threw a pair of second-half picks Sunday, both by Dominique Rodgers-Cromartie, the second coming while Washington trailed 13-10 with about 1+ minutes remaining. Cousins stepped out of the pocket, scanned the field for a receiver, then threw a floater that did not really come all that close to reaching intended receiver Pierre Garcon.
Garcon and other teammates rose to Cousins' defense afterward, saying as defensive lineman Ricky Jean Francois did of the defeat: ”It was not their fault at all.”
After the game, Cousins acknowledged they probably should have tucked the ball and run it on that late interception .
Coach Jay Gruden agreed that throw constituted ”a poor decision.”
In the next breath, Gruden added: ”I think they belong in the NFL as a starting quarterback, that's for sure, and hopefully it's here.”
And that will be the key question over the coming weeks for Washington and general manager Scot McCloughan: Will the team keep Cousins and, if so, for how much?
The QB made nearly $20 million this season under the franchise tag. The Redskins could tag them again, for about $24 million, or sign them to a multiyear deal, or let them walk as a free agent.
Asked what they expect, Cousins shrugged their shoulders and answered: ”It's really not my decision to make. The ball was in the court of the team last year and they chose to tag me. And the same is true this year.”
Here is what else we know after the Giants (11-5), who already were locked into the NFC's No. 5 seed and will play at Green Bay, beat the Redskins:
GIANTS' MOMENTUM
Eli Manning said the prospect of the Giants' starters resting in a game that had no impact on their playoff status ”never came up all week.” By putting up 10 first-half points before going conservative – and no one getting hurt – they validated coach Ben McAdoo's decision and got into a groove going into the playoffs. ”I thought we did some good things and we can build off that,” Manning said. ”If we can run the ball, defense is playing great, we'll be in good shape.”
BECKHAM VS. NORMAN
Despite Redskins cornerback Josh Norman getting called for two personal fouls for shoving and then going facemask-to-facemask with Odell Beckham Jr., the Giants receiver downplayed the confrontations and the rivalry. ”That's been dead for a long time,” said Beckham, who left the game in the third quarter after five catches for 44 yards.
GRUDEN
From 6-3-1 to out of the playoffs thanks to a 2-4 finish – including two flat losses at home to teams with nothing at stake – Gruden and the Redskins have a lot to ponder in a longer-than-they-wanted offseason. Gruden was asked whether they had their team ready to play Sunday. ”On a gut level, I like to think so, but obviously, the results say otherwise.” Said Jean Francois: ”I don't blame this on no coach. … It was on us.”
REDSKINS' RUN GAME
If the Redskins are going to get back to the playoffs next season, they'll probably want to improve a drab running game that closed with 15 carries for 38 yards against New York.
—
AP Sports Writer Stephen Whyno contributed to this report.
—
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP-NFL
—
Follow Howard Fendrich on Twitter at http://twitter.com/HowardFendrich
5:48 Dave Barry's 2016 Holiday Gift Guide Pause
1:20 The United States of Powerball
1:28 The day Cassius Clay and The Beatles shared the ring
57:11 Dave Barry and Carl Hiaasen talk politics, Florida and a presidential bid at the Miracle Theatre
2:27 Dave Barry discovers something other than fish in the ocean off Rio
1:38 Dave Barry goes searching for protesters on the campaign trail
0:36 Dolphins' Matt Moore focused for playoffs
0:55 Dolphins' Landry talks loss to New England
0:47 Dolphins CB Lippet talks about hit that sidelined them
Packers quarterback Aaron Rodgers underwent a bone scan on their collarbone but their status for this week's game at Carolina is uncertain. The Panthers expect them to play. Charles Rex Arbogast AP
Gary Rowett's Derby County have picked up one point from their first two Championship games
Derby County boss Gary Rowett could make several changes for the visit of Preston North End after their 2-0 defeat by Wolves on Saturday.
Ikechi Anya, Craig Bryson and David Nugent may start against Preston as Rowett looks to return to winning ways.
Preston will be without midfielder Ben Pearson for the game against Derby after their red card against Leeds.
Meanwhile, John Walsh (calf) is still not ready to return and Tom Clarke (Achilles) is also on the sidelines.
Match facts
'It was a special night for every England fan - we're not ready to come home yet'
SHERIDAN COUNTY — Law enforcement authorities are investigating a suspect on numerous charges after a Thursday night chase and Friday morning arrest.
Just after 10:30p.m. Thursday, an officer with the Sheridan County Sheriff's Office attempted to make a traffic stop on a 1994 Ford Explorer for a stop sign violation in Selden.
After the officer initiated their emergency lights and sirens, the vehicle sped away at a high rate of speed. The chase was traveled into southern Decatur County and then back into Sheridan County, according to a social media report.
Once the vehicle made it back into Selden, the suspect drove to residence in Selden where they had living.
The suspect then turned their vehicle into the officer's patrol vehicle. The officer gave orders for the suspect to get out of the vehicle.
The suspect ignored these orders, backed their vehicle away from the officer and then revved their motor towards the officer.
The officer then fired four (4) rounds at the suspect vehicle. A short pursuit ensued again for a couple of blocks, where the suspect wrecked the vehicle and then fled on foot.
Officers from the Sheridan County Sheriff's Office, Kansas Highway Patrol, Hoxie Police Department,
Thomas County Sheriff's Office, and Decatur County Sheriff's Office established a perimeter and searched numerous areas within Selden.
Just after 4a.m. the Sheridan County Communication Center received information that the suspect was at a residence on Main Street in Selden.
After officers with the Sheridan County Sheriff's Office arrived, they established a perimeter, entry was made into the residence. The suspect once again did not comply with orders and an officer deployed their Taser. The suspect was placed under arrest without further incident. Police reported no injuries.
The suspect is being held at the Sheridan County Jail pending formal charges and the investigation is ongoing. Police did not release the name of the suspect.
Negative feedback led to GST changes
Shekhar Iyer, DH News Service, New Delhi, Oct 7 2017, 1:53 IST
The reports from traders in Gujarat, Modi's home turf, were too negative to ignore, forcing even Amit Shah to take a leave from the Kerala tour to address the issue with Modi. PTI file photo.
Negative feedback from traders and business people of Gujarat caused Prime Minister Narendra Modi and BJP president Amit Shah to act immediately on easing compliance rules of the Goods and Services Tax (GST).
So alarming were the reports particularly from traders in big and small towns of Gujarat that Shah returned urgently from their Kerala tour to huddle with the PM and Finance Minister Arun Jaitley a day ago, BJP insiders said. Gujarat goes to polls by the end of December.
With hardly few days left before the Election Commission announced the date of polls, they decided that relief to small and medium enterprises and traders should be decided by the GST Council that met on Friday.
Accordingly, Jaitley and their key aides led by Union Revenue Secretary Hansmukh Adhia sat late in the finance ministry on Thursday finalising the relief measurers that could be cleared by the GST Council.
In fact, among the edible items that would cost less following the revision of GST rates was khakhra, which is a popular breakfast item for Gujaratis.
The man accused of fleeing to Mexico with a teenage girl has agreed to be extradited to their home state of Pennsylvania, they said in a brief court appearance in Miami today.
Amy Yu, 16, went missing March 5 with Kevin Esterly, 45, police said, alleging that they left willingly. They have since returned home safely.
The two flew from Philadelphia to Cancun that night, police say.
Allentown Police Department
Yu's mother reported them missing to the Allentown Police Department that day.
A member of Esterly's family reported them as missing or endangered March 7, the same day authorities issued an arrest warrant for them and charged them with interference with the custody of children, police said.
Allentown Police Department
An Amber Alert was issued in Mexico for Yu and Saturday the two were found there.
Yu was unharmed and in good health and has since returned to Allentown, the police said.
U.S. Marshals Service
Meanwhile, authorities flew Esterly to Miami where they are in custody pending extradition. In the short hearing this morning, Esterly said, “I'd like to go back to Pennsylvania as soon as possible.”
Pennsylvania authorities have 15 days to pick them up.
Courtesy U.S. Marshals Service
Miami-Dade County County Jail
Esterly, a father of four daughters, had met the teen at church, and Yu became friends with one of Esterly's children, according to the attorney for Esterly's wife, Stacey Esterly.
The Esterlys had been fighting over their alleged relationship with the teen, Stacey Esterly's attorney, John Waldron, told ABC News. Stacey Esterly threatened to go to the police about their husband's alleged sexual relationship with Yu shortly before the two fled, Waldron said.
When Yu was asked by members of the Leigh Country Child Advocacy Center whether they were having a relationship with Esterly, they denied it, said Det. Gary Hammer of the Colonial Regional Police, which has jurisdiction over their school, Lehigh Valley Academy.
Allentown Police Department
But Yu altered their school records and listed Esterly as their stepfather, Hammer added. And at least 10 times between December and Feb. 9, Esterly signed them out of school early, Hammer told ABC News two weeks ago.
Feb. 9 was the day when the teen's mother came to the school to pick up their daughter, "and the school said their stepfather already signed them out of school," Hammer said.
"The mom explained they are a single mother," Hammer said. "There is no stepfather."
Google Maps
Lehigh Valley Academy confirmed that Esterly has been on school grounds before and was last there Feb. 9.
"After that date, due to circumstances we cannot disclose pursuant to student privacy constraints, they were prohibited from entering school grounds, and the police were to be notified if they returned," the school said in a statement two weeks ago.
The school called the Colonial Regional Police immediately and it started investigating. The department found video of Esterly's signing the teen out and leaving with her, Hammer said.
ABC News' M.L. Nestel contributed to this report.
Firefox has long been playing defense against the unstoppable juggernaut of Google Chrome (to be fair, Microsoft isn't in much better shape). Over the past year, we've reported on Mozilla's attempts to add multi-threading support to its existing browser, and yes, the rather silly new logo that the organization came up with for itself: “Moz://a,” if you've been trying to forget it.
Now the organization apparently has a new plan to create a browser with more fine-grained controls to reduce how much load it places on a system. The idea behind the project is to give end-users much more visibility into various settings, so they can make their own decisions about where to prioritize performance and where it makes sense not to. BleepingComputer broke the story, which took its cues from an ongoing discussion at Mozilla.
If you have an older dual-core system (particularly if it's dual-core without HT), you might want to limit the number of processes Firefox can use simultaneously, especially if you don't have much RAM. Page prefetching can be great if you have a slow system and fast pipe, but in the reverse situation multiple pages prefetching in the background could slow your system down. Little touches, like turning off animations, won't make a huge difference on anyone's computer. But if you've ever been slogging your way towards getting a project done on an underpowered machine (or if you've basically used a computer at a college or high school, ever), these types of features could make the browser a little easier to use.
There are a few other touches being considered as well. There would be an option to turn off all add-ons and restart the browser without having to manually start Safe Mode. Mozilla has long maintained that certain extensions are responsible for slow performance or bug-related issues and this option allows users to quickly and easily check to see if that's the case.
As for controlling the amount of memory the browser uses, it looks like this is tied to the number of content processes you allow the browser to launch simultaneously. More processes = faster performance, but it also means more system memory in-use at once.
Personally, I'd love to see Firefox return to the days when it was the snappy, responsive, and altogether-better option compared with anything else on the market, but I'm not certain that's even possible. Mozilla has emphasized the improvements and strengths of its browser family at each release, but I can't recall the last time Firefox actually felt fast. I believe the organization that certain operations have improved, but it hasn't seemed to make much difference for quite some time. Still, hope springs eternal. Hopefully by the end of the year we'll see some of these ideas shipping (Mozilla is targeting v55, we're currently on v52).
PITTSBURGH — Kevin Colbert isn't a fan of the word “need.”
The Pittsburgh Steelers general manager believes it points too specifically to one area of weakness.
“We have to be better and I do not think we were better in 2017 than we were in 2016 because we got eliminated a round earlier,” Colbert said of the AFC North champions, who were upset at home by Jacksonville in the divisional round of the playoffs. “And I think that's a reflection on the job that all of us did or didn't do. And how do we get better?”
For the Steelers — who never met a salary cap they didn't like to butt up against — that means using the draft as a way to address what Colbert prefers to call “challenges.”
Even for a team that's won three division titles in four years, there are plenty to go around.
Pro Bowl inside linebacker Ryan Shazier has already been ruled out for 2018 while recovering from spine stabilization surgery that has put their career in jeopardy.
All-Pro running back Le'Veon Bell could be playing their final season in Pittsburgh in 2018 if the two sides can't find enough common ground to lock them up to a long-term deal.
The secondary is in the process of yet another overhaul after Mike Mitchell, William Gay and Robert Golden were cut loose in March.
While Pittsburgh added defensive back Morgan Burnett and linebacker Jon Bostic as relatively low-cost free agents, the Steelers prefer to add difference makers in the draft, as they did last year when they took linebacker T.J. Watt in the first round and wide receiver JuJu Smith-Schuster in the second.
Pittsburgh has the 28th overall pick and multiple picks in the fifth and seven rounds, with none in the fourth or sixth. A linebacker along the lines of Boise State's Leighton Vander Esch or Alabama's Rashaan Evans could help immediately address Shazier's absence.
A cornerback might also be in play considering 2016 first-round pick Artie Burns appeared to take a step back in their second season.
Regardless, the Steelers are almost certain to use their top pick on the defensive side of the ball for the seventh time in eight years, as tends to happen when you give up 45 points to Jacksonville .
“I think that the group we have coming back, most of those players, are either in their prime or they are on the rise,” Colbert said.
“I do believe that group has a chance to get better. Does that mean we won't add to it? If we don't change the roster we had in 2017, what reason would we think there would be any difference in the results? So, we have to be ready to be better than we were last year.”
Some things to look for as Pittsburgh tries to maintain its Super Bowl window a little longer.
BELL'S FUTURE
Depending on when you ask him, Bell might hold out a week or two during the regular season.
Or they might not.
They might stay in Pittsburgh the rest of their career.
Or they might not.
Either way the All-Pro is almost certainly going to wait until late August at the earliest to sign their franchise tender if they and the Steelers can't work things out.
Pittsburgh could tip its hand about its plans at the position by taking a back in the early rounds. The Steelers used a third-round pick on James Conner last spring, but their rookie year was cut short by injury.
AIR APPARENT?
Quarterback Ben Roethlisberger went from waffling about their future to telling teammates they can go three more years. The two-time Super Bowl winner turned 36 in March and now gets to see what they can do with Randy Fichtner as the offensive co-ordinator following Todd Haley's departure.
Still, Roethlisberger isn't going to play forever. The Steelers met with high-level quarterbacks in the run-up to the draft. They haven't taken a quarterback before the fourth round since tabbing Roethlisberger with the 11th overall pick in 2004.
If they do it this time — Lamar Jackson anybody? — it would provide them time to groom the pick as Roethlisberger's eventual successor, though it's more likely they wait at least one more season.
HITS, MISSES AND BARGAINS
The Steelers are as adept as any team in the league in turning late-round picks into success stories (see Brown, Antonio). Their record in the early rounds, however, is spotty. For every Vince Williams — taken in the sixth round in 2013 who is now a starter at inside linebacker — there is a Senquez Golson.
Pittsburgh selected the cornerback in the second round in 2015. They missed all of 2015 and 2016 because of injury and then was among the final cuts in 2017.
——
More AP NFL: https://pro32.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP–NFL
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings. SUBSCRIBE
SAN FRANCISCO — Human moderators have just a few seconds to make a decision about whether a piece of reported content belongs on Facebook — and they don't always get it right.
Now, Facebook wants to make sure its moderators and the public are on the same page.
On Tuesday, Facebook updated its community guidelines, publishing for the first time the rules on what moderators should be looking for when deciding to remove content from Facebook. The social network, which has 2.13 billion users and counting, also said it would launch an appeals option for people who feel their page or posts were unfairly removed.
Under the new policy, users can file an appeal if they believe a piece of their content has been unfairly removed or if they've flagged a piece of content that Facebook's team of content reviewers decided not to remove. Their appeal will be sent to a new human moderator, who will issue a decision within 24 hours.
“At our scale, we receive millions of reports every week in dozens of languages around the world,” Monika Bickert, head of global policy management at Facebook told reporters in a briefing last Thursday. “Even if we are operating at 99 percent accuracy, we are still going to have a lot of mistakes every day. That is the reality of reviewing content at this scale.”
“We want to get it right, which is why we want to make sure we are giving people the option to ask us to reconsider,” they added.
COLUMBIA, South Carolina: A woman who spent two months chained inside a large metal container says their captor raped them daily and warned that if they ran or tried to hurt him, they would die.
“He told me as long as I served my purpose, I was safe,” Kala Brown told Phillip McGraw, the host of the television show “Dr. Phil.”
It was the first time they have talked publicly since their Nov. 3 rescue, which authorities say helped them solve seven slayings in the area dating back 13 years. Police said Todd Kohlhepp, a real estate agent with their own firm until their arrest, killed Brown's boyfriend, a couple missing who had been missing about two years and four people at a motorcycle shop in 2003.
Brown said they and their boyfriend had gone to Kohlhepp's rural property Aug. 31 to help them clear some underbrush from trails. After the couple followed them to a two-story garage on the 95-acre property, Kohlhepp handed them hedge clippers and bottles of water. They said they needed to get something inside and came out a few minutes later shooting, Brown said.
They shot Charles Carver three times in the chest, they said. They gagged Brown and handcuffed their ankles and wrists. Kohlhepp took them to a “pitch black,” 30-foot-long storage container nearby, chained them by the neck in a back corner and raped her, they said.
They “let me know that if I tried to run, he'd kill me. If I tried to hurt him, he'd kill me. If I fought back, they would kill me. And then they raped me,” Brown said in episodes that aired this week. “He would rape me twice a day, every day.”
Kohlhepp, 45, faces murder, kidnapping and weapon charges.  They are not charged with sexual assault. Spokesmen for the sheriff and prosecutor declined to address the rape allegations or whether more charges are forthcoming. Their attorney did not return messages.
Police said Kohlhepp acknowledged the grisly cold cases after authorities granted them several requests, including letting them speak to their mother.
The Associated Press normally does not identify victims of sexual assault but is naming Brown after they publicly identified herself.
The day after their rescue, investigators found Carver's body in a shallow grave on Kohlhepp's property. Brought to the site in handcuffs, Kohlhepp showed authorities the graves of the couple missing since December 2015.
Brown, who had previously cleaned several of Kohlhepp's properties, said they made sure only Carter accompanied them to their land, telling them “he didn't want anyone else knowing where they lived.”
Nothing seemed awry over the several months they periodically worked for Kohlhepp, they said: “He was nice, polite, just a regular business person. ... No red flags.”
Brown said Kohlhepp told them they killed Carver because “it was easier to control someone if you took someone they loved.”
They thought Kohlhepp was infatuated with them and didn't want to kill her, even saying they would let them go and give their money “if they ever got old and sick,” they said. They explained Stockholm syndrome, in which a hostage starts feeling sympathetic toward their captor, and said “it would kick in and we'd be happy together.”
They remained tied up, even when they took them to the garage apartment to eat, they said.
When Brown heard people talking outside the container the morning of Nov. 3, they panicked, thinking maybe they had brought someone else. When they realized help had come, “I started screaming and hitting the walls,” they said.
“I knew my family would never stop looking, but they were so careful, I couldn't see how I could be found so soon. I was scared it really wasn't happening,” they said. “And when they finally got the door open and I saw the police uniforms, I was relieved.”
A Central mother is upset after their daughter was denied entry into Central Private School's prom over the weekend because of the dress their daughter was wearing.
Rebecca Reason believes their daughter and their daughter's date were treated unfairly and misled by the school.
This was the first prom for 16-year-old Josie, who is a junior at Central High School.
Them date, Christian, who is a junior at Central Private School, put effort into making the night special for both them and Josie. They rented a white tuxedo and rented a limo for the evening.
Upon arrival, school officials told Josie they could not enter the prom because the dress had two side patches on the waist that were covered by nude colored mesh patterns.
Josie was given the options of going to Walmart to get a belt to cover up the waistline cutouts or wearing their date Christian's jacket for the entire prom.
Christian's mother told WAFB they called the school's office over a month before the problem to seek clarification on the cutouts on Josie's dress. They say they were told by someone at the school over the phone that the dress was appropriate because it had mesh.
On prom night, when Christian's mother spoke to a teacher on the phone, they were told they had initially spoken to the wrong person and that the school's office wasn't in charge of the prom.
The mother says they should have been put in touch with the correct teacher when they called the first time.
Central Private School Superintendent Wayne Cooks told WAFB over the phone:
“Central Private is a Christian based school and we have guidelines that we ask all our students and their dates to meet and they sign a contract and get it back to us. I trust our sponsors to handle all (the) guidelines students sign and they did.”
The superintendent described a portion of the dress code over the phone but refused to give WAFB a full description or copy of the dress code.
“No cut-outs that show skin in the mid-section will be allowed,” they said.
Cooks declined an on-camera interview Monday and denied WAFB's request for a copy of the prom contract that each student is required to sign.
The superintendent did say two other students wore dresses that were deemed inappropriate, but those two students choose to wear jackets over their dresses during the prom. Other students, whose dresses had mesh material, were allowed in because they met the dress code, they said.
Cooks said they would not comment on whether Josie and Christian would receive a refund for their prom tickets.
Copyright 2018 WAFB. All rights reserved.
JERUSALEM — New archaeological tests have confirmed that the site many Christians believe to be the tomb of Jesus Christ dates back 1,700 years to A.D. 325, the same era when the Romans first identified the place as holy.
With invasions, fires and even earthquakes occurring at Jerusalem's Church of the Holy Sepulchre over the centuries, historians had questioned whether the tomb had been destroyed or moved.
To date the tomb, known as the Holy Edicule, conservators from the National Technical University of Athens looked at radioactive elements in the architectural glue that fit it together. They also used ground-penetrating radar and laser scanning.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed TODAY goes inside Church of the Holy Sepulchre: Is it Jesus' tomb? 3:43 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The tomb is the size of a coat closet, and was open for just 60 hours while restoration work was also carried out.
The results of the tests were first reported Tuesday by National Geographic.
"Scientists and archaeologists are very excited about this because, what it does is, it corroborates our historical accounts," said National Geographic archaeology writer Kristin Romey, who was on site during the nine-month renovation project.
Experts believe the site was identified around A.D. 325 A.D., when the Roman emperor Constantine the Great came to the city with their team to locate places associated with the life of Jesus.
A holy fire ceremony is held at the Church of the Holy Sepulchre in Jerusalem on April 15. Atef Safadi / EPA file
The Romans are said to have torn down a temple in Jerusalem where they found the cave that they believed to be their burial site. They then built a shrine and a church around that site.
Three different Christian denominations — Roman Catholic, Greek Orthodox and Armenian Orthodox — share custody over the church, and there have been turf wars and brawls in the past over the management of the site.
Even the restoration took decades to settle. In 1959, the various denominations agreed to conserve the edicule, but it took until 2016 to actually agree on a plan for the restoration, National Geographic archaeologist-in-residence Fredrik Hiebert said.
The same Greek team that restored the Acropolis in Athens was chosen to carry out the project.
Archaeologists believe there may be more surprises to come at the site.
“There is so much information in the data that was collected by the restorers during the conservation project,” Hiebert said. “There are many, many stories still to be told.”
Sweet news for chocoholics, Nutella have announced the launch of a new chocolate, biscuit snack bar set to launch in stores this September.
Nutella's B-ready bar, which has all the delicious flavours of the popular hazelnut spread, will cost just 56p, and a £1.99 for a pack of six.
Created by Italian chocolate giants Pietro Ferrero, it's been described as Nutella topped with puffed wheat crispies, sealed in a crispy wafer shell.
And if it's market test is anything to go by it's set to be another top selling product for the Ferrero group.
Contains fewer than 120 calories
Levi Boorer, customer development director at Ferrero told talkingretail.com, “Nutella B-ready is a complementary addition to the Ferrero range, offering shoppers more ‘sweet snacking' solutions throughout the day.
“We see B-ready as the ideal mid-morning snack, containing fewer than 120 calories, while other products – like Kinder Bueno – are much more suited to post lunch snacking.
“Our initial UK trial has proved incredibly successful. We ranged at the till in a selection of convenience stores and Nutella B-ready ranked as the fourth best performing sweet snacking line during the period.
“We also found that merchandising the single serve product separately to the multi-pack drove incremental sales. We would recommend that the single serve features alongside popular confectionery lines like Kinder Bueno and the multipack format within the biscuits aisle.”
Russia's Federal Security Service says it has arrested a suspected organizer of the suicide bombing in the St. Petersburg subway that killed 14 passengers.
The service, the FSB, said Monday the suspect was arrested in Odintsovo, a city just outside Moscow. It said the suspect was armed with a pistol and was of Central Asian origin, but did not elaborate.
The bomber in the April 3 blast was from Kyrgyzstan. The impoverished, predominantly Muslim countries in Central Asia are seen as fertile ground for Islamic extremists. Thousands of their citizens are believed to have joined the Islamic State group.
The FSB said the man arrested Monday was believed to have helped prepare the suicide bomber. At least eight others have been arrested in connection with the bombing.
More Hugs by Ken Lo in Breda
Graphic Matters is a biennial graphic design festival in Breda, Netherlands.
This year the "More Hugs by Ken Lo" project was invited to participate in this wonderful festival.
Griffin only recently committed to NC State, but it's two other ACC schools that have a family connection: older brothers Jaylen and Ja'Quon signed with Virginia Tech and Georgia Tech in the 2017 and 2018 class, respectively (VT hadn't offered either of the younger brothers until today). Jamious has had opportunity to check out Blacksburg on visits with their older brothers, so there's a familiarity, and the opportunity to play with Jaylen might be an intriguing one. Look for them to return to campus for a game this Fall (if not earlier), despite their commitment to the Wolfpack. Given VT's need for running backs, it could develop in very interesting ways from there.
The Energy Information Administration had originally forecast that drivers in the United States would pay an average of $2.74 per gallon this summer for regular gasoline — but we're already there. According to AAA spokesperson Jeanette Casselano, gas prices nationwide on Thursday averaged $2.74 — an increase of three cents in just three days.
Two primary crude-oil benchmark prices both hovered around $70 a barrel on Thursday, highs last seen in late 2014.
Favorable economic conditions around the world are driving demand, as are Saudi Arabia-led production cuts, scheduled to go through the end of the year, with which members of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries and Russia — which is not an OPEC member — are complying.
“The Saudis and the Russians are both quite interested in seeing a higher price of oil,” said Gary Hufbauer, a nonresident senior fellow at the Peterson Institute for International Economics. “They agreed to cut back on their production, and other countries are just not able to ramp up enough to fill the gap.”
An OPEC committee meeting Friday is expected to evaluate the impact of the cuts so far, with some reportedly in favor of an $80 price target. Analysts say this could translate to a nationwide average high of roughly $2.80 to $2.90 a gallon for regular gasoline. A handful of states has already hit $3, and more are likely to hit that mark.
Demand is forecasted to rise in the coming months, compounding the crunch. “In the United States, we've never seen a week where demand for gasoline has averaged over 10 million barrels a day,” Kloza said, but they estimated that we'll likely hit that milestone by summertime.
“The thing that's very unusual is that all of the world economies are all doing splendidly at the moment,” Kloza said. “We could see demand outpace supply in the third quarter by about a million barrels a day.”
This kind of mismatch between supply and demand can cause problems. “It's the next 150 days, and particularly that period in August and September, that is most concerning,” Kloza said, because low surplus supply could make the market extra sensitive to factors like hurricanes that can disrupt production.
A low surplus supply of crude oil could make the market extra sensitive to factors like hurricanes that can disrupt production. A low surplus supply of crude oil could make the market extra sensitive to factors like hurricanes that can disrupt production.
But oil market experts also say the pain is likely to be temporary, with prices hitting their peak in the spring rather than the summer. “It changes when you get to the end of 2018. We think prices in 2019 — for crude, for gasoline — we think that prices next year will be lowed,” Kloza said.
This means the current price run-up is unlikely to turn into a repeat of 2008, when a peak price of $4.11 per gallon was one of the factors blamed for tipping the economy into recession.
Hufbauer predicted that OPEC's efforts to curb production will start hitting resistance. “My guess is they might push it up to $80, but I can't see them getting back up to $100.”
As the price of oil rises, OPEC members will be more tempted to flout the cartel's production caps, and North American energy companies will have the incentive to increase production, said Patrick DeHaan, head of petroleum analysis at GasBuddy.
“Ten years ago we didn't have that spare capacity,” they pointed out. A business-friendly government rolling back regulations on energy producers also helps. “U.S. rig counts will continue to respond to high oil prices,” DeHaan said.
In addition, Kloza said a number of new projects launched in the early part of the decade — before prices started plummeting — will begin coming online to ease the supply crunch, while on the demand side, a secular trend toward buying fewer cars along with higher mileage standards will ease demand from drivers.
The wild card, most analysts agree, would be an escalation of geopolitical tensions in Syria.
“Unrest in the Middle East often contributes to spikes in crude oil price in the market. We are already seeing high crude prices and Syria plays into that price going a little higher,” said the AAA's Casselano.
“The most serious conflict of the moment is that Russia obviously is working hand-in-glove with Assad in Syria, and Iran is also supporting Syria,” Hufbauer said. “Russia is basically an ally of Iran, [and] Saudi Arabia and Iran have long been deep opponents.”
Tom Brady praises Josh McDaniels: ‘The best in the NFL'
Josh McDaniels seems likely to get another head coaching job this offseason, and they have a ringing endorsement from one of the NFL's elite players.
New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady was full of praise for McDaniels, their offensive coordinator, in an interview with WEEI's Kirk & Callahan.
“I see why there is a lot of interest and there should be because I think he's the best in the NFL,” Brady said, via Ryan Hannable of WEEI. “Great coaches get opportunities and he's fortunate to be in a position where they should get them because he's earned it. I would hate to lose him, but I think it's always aspirational for a coach because it's great to lead a team, lead an organization.
“He's been spectacular in every way for me. I could never be the player that I am without them and they challenge me every week. I have so much confidence in them as a coach and their abilities and the way they lead our offense. He's spectacular and it would be tough to lose him. We certainly aren't going to lose them in the next two weeks. Like I said, I hope they don't for my own personal sake, but I can understand all those reasons why these other teams would want them to lead their organization.”
McDaniels is likely on their way to a new job one way or another. Their first coaching stint in Denver wasn't successful, as they went just 11-17, but perhaps he's learned from it. Brady, at least, seems to love him.
WINTER HAVEN, Fla. (WFLA) – Polk County Sheriff's Office detectives are investigating a shooting that killed an adult man on Monday.
The shooting happened at noon at 1101 Lake Cannon Drive West in Inwood (un-incorporated Winter Haven.)
There were no other injuries.
Detectives do not believe the shooting is related to the incident that occurred at the Circle K on Sunday morning.
WHAT IS TRENDING ONLINE RIGHT NOW:
Poker players and police investigators alike know to watch the eyes and, now, so do scientists who study learning.
They say they can see a slow buildup in the eye movements of people just about to have a eureka moment.
The eyes have it. A new study finds you can watch someone's eyes and figure out when they are about to have an epiphany. Serghei Starus / FeaturePics
In fact, the researchers said they saw the insight building even before their subjects knew they were about to discover the secret to playing a complex numbers game.
"We could see our study participants figuring out the solution through their eye movements as they considered their options," said Ian Krajbich, an assistant professor of psychology and economics at Ohio State University, who helped lead the study team.
"We could predict they were about to have an epiphany before they even knew it was coming," Krabjich said in a statement.
Related: Action Video Gamers Learn Faster
Their team recruited 59 students at Ohio State to take part in the game. It involved a somewhat complex mathematical formula. They each played a series of opponents.
The team used an eye movement tracking apparatus while the players looked at a dial of numbers to make their choices.
"We settled on the two-person beauty contest game, in which each of two players chooses an integer from 0 and 10 with the goal of getting closer to 0.9 multiplied by the average of the two numbers," they wrote in their report, published in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
"An important feature of this game is that there is an optimal number regardless of what the other player chooses. That number is 0," they added.
"Prior research has shown that most people initially fail to realize that zero is the optimal strategy, but do eventually figure it out."
Related: Brain Games Are Not Just Kids' Play
In this experiment, 42 percent of the students figured out that zero was a winner.
That realization comes suddenly, they added. "This 'epiphany' learning is characterized by an unexpected moment of insight, often portrayed in cartoons by a light bulb appearing over a person's head," the team wrote.
“ When your pupil dilates, we see that as evidence that you're paying close attention and learning.”
"There's a sudden change in their behavior. They are choosing other numbers and then all of a sudden they switch to choosing only zero," Krajbich said. "That's a hallmark of epiphany learning."
The researchers could see people's eyes returning to the zero, and other lower numbers, more often as they began to figure it out. They saw something else, too.
"When your pupil dilates, we see that as evidence that you're paying close attention and learning," Krajbich said. And the group of students who figured out the secret to winning had dilated pupils.
"They were showing signs of learning before they made the commitment to zero," Krajbich said. "We didn't see the same results for others."
There was another lesson in the game. A full 37 percent wrongly decided the winning number was one other than zero.
"One thing we can take away from this research is that it is better to think about a problem than to simply follow others," Krajbich said.
"Those who paid more attention to their opponents tended to learn the wrong lesson."
The NBA Finals are upon us and as ever there are plenty of intriguing storylines as the Cleveland Cavaliers clash with the Golden State Warriors for a fourth straight year.
There is plenty to talk about going into an eagerly awaited series, but we have narrowed it down to five key talking points to follow for the season's final series.
Here is what to look out for when the series tips off at Oracle Arena in Oakland, California, on Thursday.
1. How much help will LeBron James get? LeBron can put up otherworldly numbers, there is no denying that, but it is a simple fact that James cannot win a series on their own. In 2016, they needed Kyrie Irving to hit a three-pointer, in 2013 they needed Ray Allen to tie game six, and even this postseason they were better when their role-players stepped up. During the 2018 playoffs the Cavaliers were 9-3 when everyone other than LeBron combined to score at least 60 points and 3-3 when they scored 59 or fewer. Even further, when James had at least one teammate score 20 or more points the Cavs were 5-1.
2. Who is the better scorer (in this series): LeBron or Kevin Durant? The argument started after the NBA Finals in 2017 whether Durant was better than James, and it was solely because of the former Oklahoma City Thunder forward's ability to match James shot for shot. Durant averaged 35.2 points per game in the Finals while James scored 33.6. In fact, in their two Finals against James, Durant has outscored them both times (the other: 30.6 to 28.6 in 2011-12). Now, being a better player is about more than scoring, but when James outscores the other team's best player the Cavaliers normally win (Cleveland went 7-1 when James scored at least 40 points, they also are the top scorer in those games). If James is outscored by Durant on the offensive end in the Finals, then it does not bode well for the Cavaliers.
3. Key players' health. Will Kevin Love be back from a concussion? Will Andre Iguodala return from a leg injury? Will questions return about the health of Stephen Curry's knee? Every one of these things could factor massively into this series, and Curry's health should not be forgotten.
4. The Warriors' third-quarter swarm. Golden State outscored the Rockets by 68 points in its Western Conference finals win and beat them by an average of nearly 10 points in the first quarter out of halftime. More pointed still, Golden State was 4-1 when scoring 31 or more points in the third quarter against the Rockets. Houston never really adjusted to the second-half onslaught, but the Cavaliers will have to in the Finals if they happen to have a lead going into the break.
5. Draymond Green vs. LeBron James. Will there be fireworks when these two are matched up? It may not happen every time down the court, but you know they will be in each other's face more than once this series. You have to watch this for the sheer entertainment value.
JACKSON, Miss. (AP) — Mississippi's only abortion clinic sues state after governor signs nation's most restrictive abortion law.
But what bugged us all present was, when we were offered a boat ride to culminate our function in the evening and when all were excited to go for a ride, we noticed that all those entering and exiting from the boat had to wet their legs up to the knee to get in the boat for the seawater was dirty and filthy (as seen in the picture) and all this was done on the beach where no jetties or platforms are provided to get inside the boat as can be found elsewhere in Goa or otherwise.
When questioned the owners about this scenario, where all foreign tourists (who were turning back from taking the ride) while our Indian tourist were hapless to take this ride forcefully. The quick reply was several letters were written to the authorities and many complaints made but “all we got was promises but nothing practical except the fees collected promptly.”Is this the way our Tourism Minister promotes our beaches? As a Goan I was ashamed to see this pathetic state of the boat rides offered, for having visited other places in Goa and even in our neighbouring state Malwan and others and foreign countries too, I had to put my head in shame in front of all the locals and foreigners present that day.Wake up Tourism Industry, don't boast about the number of tourist arrivals but rather clean your industry to bring good name to our golden beaches in Goa. [H]
By now, most of you have seen Mariah Carey's New Year's Rockin Eve mess ~ but their team is calling sabotage!
Say what?
YES! MC's camp said that Mariah's ear piece was having issues in rehearsal/sound check and that they told the Dick Clark Production team about it several times and they assured them it would be fixed for the big show – and clearly it wasn't! They say they did it on purpose (didn't fix their ear piece) to ‘sabotage her' to get ratings!
DCP claps back admitting to the ear piece problems but saying to accuse them of intentionally trying to set Mimi up is “defamatory” (anyone smells a lawsuit?)! They do say that they should've “pushed thru” the performance. Live TV = Wing it.
A source close to Mariah said that DCP BEGGED them to perform and they did it as a favor (as in they aren't paid). They say:
We could be in Aspen right now having the best time instead of being in dog s*** Times Square that smelled like a f****** sewer.
Yikes!
I mean let's be honest, however it happened it did and the more rocks that get thrown the more it will not go away.
I think it's safe to say we know where Mariah WON'T be next year LOL
Lots of things grow in the spring, including your risk of severe allergic reactions and asthma attacks. So people need to take preventive measures and know when to seek medical care, an emergency physician says.
Lots of things grow in the spring, including your risk of severe allergic reactions and asthma attacks. So people need to take preventive measures and know when to seek medical care, an emergency physician says.
Be smart when it comes to spring allergies and asthma
Be smart when it comes to spring allergies and asthma
We've all "caught" yawning from other people, but why that happens is unclear, according to a psychologist who has researched the behavior.
We've all "caught" yawning from other people, but why that happens is unclear, according to a psychologist who has researched the behavior.
People with diabetes are the ones who end up harmed by high list prices, high out-of-pocket costs and formulary restrictions
People with diabetes are the ones who end up harmed by high list prices, high out-of-pocket costs and formulary restrictions
Swimming is a great way to stay in shape while having fun and without stressing your joints.
Swimming is a great way to stay in shape while having fun and without stressing your joints.
Take your swim workouts to the next level
Take your swim workouts to the next level
Many doctors have internet portals to help patients manage their care. But that doesn't mean older folks will use them.
Many doctors have internet portals to help patients manage their care. But that doesn't mean older folks will use them.
WEDNESDAY, May 30, 2018 (HealthDay News) -- Many doctors have internet portals to help patients manage their care. But that doesn't mean older folks will use them.
A University of Michigan poll found only about half of patients 50 to 80 years old have set up an online account with their health care provider.
"The health care system has provided patient portals as an efficient way for patients to communicate with their providers. But many older adults are uncomfortable with electronic interactions substituting for a phone call or in-person conversation," co-associate poll director Sarah Clark said in a university news release.
Researchers found that better educated patients with higher incomes are most likely to use these systems. But poorer people with less education often have more health-related needs, the researchers said.
People over 65 were more likely than those in their 50s and early 60s to say they don't like using the computer to communicate about their health. They were also more likely to voice discomfort with technology in general.
Among those who hadn't linked up to a patient portal, 52 percent cited concerns about using the internet to monitor their health information.
Half said they didn't see the need for this kind of access to their health information. And about 1 in 4 said they hadn't gotten around to setting up their account. These folks tended to be in their 50s and early 60s.
The poll included more than 2,000 older adults.
Over the past several years, the U.S. government has required hospitals, health systems and other health care providers to offer patient portals to patients if they want extra funding from Medicare.
This gives patients access to records and test results that are part of electronic medical records.
Of those who have set up online accounts, 84 percent have viewed results from blood or other tests, the researchers found.
Far fewer patients use other functions available online. For instance, only 43 percent refilled prescriptions online, 37 percent scheduled an appointment online and just over a quarter used the portal to get advice about a health problem.
Nearly half of patients said speaking with their doctor was a better way to explain their problem.
"Many older adults still prefer telephone contact with their providers," said poll director Dr. Preeti Malani, a professor at the university's medical school. "We hope providers, and health systems, will take these findings into consideration when designing the ways patients can interact with them."
More information
The U.S. National Institute on Aging talks about doctor-patient communication.
Copyright © 2018 HealthDay. All rights reserved.
The percussionists in the Ensembles and the Steel Drum Bands from the studios of Dr. Lisa Rogers and Professor Alan Shinn are collaborating with guest artists and student musicians galore for their blowout Spring concert.
The first half of the concert will feature guest UT-San Antonio percussionist Michael Mixtacki as the combined Percussion Ensembles perform the entirety of celebrated English recording artist Sting's popular 1993 album Ten Summoner's Tales. With hits like “If I Ever Lose My Faith in You,” “Fields of Gold,” and “It's Probably Me,” don't be surprised if you catch yourself singing along—the percussion ensemble arrangements of the album are very faithful to the source! Students Hannah Macgillivray and Jon Ortiz will sit in on bass (Sting's instrument of choice), while School of Music staff member Ben Robinette will provide vocals and narration for several of the album tracks.
Then, after an intermission, the TTU Steel Drum Bands will team up with Texas Tech graduate Lee Willis and the Steel Drum Band from Lubbock's own Monterey High School. They'll perform several foot-stomping tunes with world-renowned steel pan artist Liam Teague, who has arranged several of the tunes for their set. Hailed as the "Paganini of the Steelpan," Teague's commitment to demonstrating the great musical possibilities of the steelpan has taken them throughout the world and has enabled them to collaborate with GRAMMY Award-winning artists like Paquito D'Rivera, Dave Samuels, Zakir Hussain, and Dame Evelyn Glennie. They have received many awards from their homeland of Trinidad and Tobago, including the Humming Bird National Award (Silver) and the Ansa McAl Caribbean Award for Excellence. Teague's appearance at TTU is partially supported by Innovative Percussion .
From the UK to Trinidad and Tobago, leave it to the TTU percussionists to throw one incredible musical celebration!
SAN FRANCISCO -- Search giant Google is nudging its way into the tech gadget space that Amazon, Apple, and Samsung are fighting to dominate.
CEO Sundar Pichai has previously said Google is making a "big bet" on hardware, and at an event in San Francisco on Wednesday, they showed where that vision stands one year after Google's first massive hardware release.
During the nearly two-hour long event, Google executives introduced the second iteration of its Pixel and Pixel XL smartphones, wireless earbuds that can do real-time translations, a high-end Chromebook computer, an improved virtual reality headset, and a clip-on camera equipped with artificial intelligence.
Google Inc CEO Sundar Pichai speaks during a launch event in San Francisco, on Oct. 4, 2017. Stephen Lam / Reuters
Related: Get Ready for the Era of Augmented Reality
But perhaps the star of the lineup were two new Google Home speakers, positioning Google to go head to head with Amazon.
"Amazon should be concerned as Google's AI is much better than theirs," Patrick Moorhead, principal analyst at Moor Insights & Strategy, told NBC News.
The $49 Google Home Mini speaker packs smart features into a device smaller than a donut and is a natural rival to Amazon's $49.99 Echo Dot. Meanwhile, the $399 Google Home Max is designed to appeal to audiophiles who may also be interested in Apple's HomePod speaker, which also boasts room-filling sound quality.
"With computing and search becoming increasingly pervasive, Google is taking the view that it requires deeper involvement in hardware,” Geoff Blaber, leader of mobile device software research at CCS Insight told NBC News.
But with just 81 shopping days left before the holidays, will Google be able to give its competitors a run for their money?
The company struggled to keep up with Pixel demand last year. Even Google's hardware chief joked about the shortage, mentioning, "Wish we had a few more to go around."
The new $649 Pixel 2 and the $849 Pixel XL 2 have two features that will help differentiate them from Apple's latest, the iPhone 8 and iPhone X, and Samsung's recently released Galaxy Note 8.
Google is eager to play up Pixel's highly rated camera, saying Wednesday the phones would be the first to have Google Lens, a new feature that allows users to point the phone's camera at anything to better understand what it is. Aside from the camera, the phone's assistant can also be triggered with a simple squeeze of its sides. The function was demonstrated onstage, with the presenter using it to quickly take a selfie with the audience.
Despite those two features, Moorhead said, "I don't think Apple or Samsung [the smartphone leaders in the United States] has much of anything to worry about yet."
"The Pixel 2 lacks the differentiation needed to pose a threat to the Galaxy or iPhone lineup, even though their camera scores were impressive," they told NBC News.
Most of Google's new line-up is available for pre-order now. The new phones are scheduled to ship on October 17. The Google Home Mini will be available October 19. As for the Max? You'll have to wait until November 13 to place a pre-order.
Egypt and Russia plan to finalize on Monday a $30-billion deal to build North Africa's first nuclear power plant as the Kremlin moves to further expand its influence in the region.
Russian President Vladimir Putin arrived in Cairo to meet their Egyptian counterpart Abdel-Fattah El-Sisi. The visit would witness the signing of the deal to build a nuclear plant at El Dabaa after three years of talks, El-Sisi's spokesperson said.
The high-profile project will increase Russia's economic presence and political influence in the region, already on the rise since Putin intervened in Syria's war in 2015 and began playing a more active role in Libya, conflicts where the Russian leader and El-Sisi see eye to eye. Their visit to Cairo comes less than two weeks after the countries said they were in talks to use each other's military air bases.
Russia and Egypt agreed three years ago to begin work on a nuclear power project, with Russia's state nuclear monopoly Rosatom Corp. initially expecting the deal to be sealed in early 2016. But progress was delayed after the bombing of a Russian airliner over Egypt in late 2015 in which 224 holidaymakers were killed.
Russia suspended flights to Egypt after the bombing by a local affiliate of Islamic State, dealing a major blow to tourism just as the country sought to revive an economy battered by political upheaval since the 2011 uprising. Egypt has been working to improve airport security and persuade Russia to resume flights ever since.
RIA reported Russian Transport Minister Maxim Sokolov as saying on Dec. 8 that their country was likely to discuss restoring flights during Putin's visit, along with other topics including regional security and trade links, that the two leaders are expected to discuss.
We have finalized technical, financial and legal aspects of the deal
On the eve of the visit, banners could be seen at Cairo airport pointing Aeroflot passengers in various directions.
Rosatom expects to clinch a deal to build four reactors of the El Dabaa power plant and reach a 60-year agreement to supply nuclear fuel and ultimately decommission the plant, the company said in June. The 4,800-megawatt plant, some 130 kilometers north-west from Cairo, is estimated to cost about $30 billion and Russia is expected to provide a $25 billion loan to help finance the project.
Putin's visit will witness the signing of document which will “give the starting signal for the El Dabaa nuclear project,” Egypt's state news agency MENA quoted the presidential spokesperson as saying late on Saturday. Electricity Ministry spokesperson Ayman Hamza said the first phase would begin production nine years after the project-launch, with the remainder coming online one or two years later.
“We have finalized technical, financial and legal aspects of the deal,” they said by telephone.
Egyptian newspapers hailed the expected nuclear deal as a historic moment for Egypt, the second-largest energy-consumer in Africa after South Africa, currently the home of the only nuclear power plant on the continent. Egypt was also the fastest growing energy market in the Middle East and Africa, according to BP Plc statistical reports.
Russia has a history of pursuing large-scale energy projects in Egypt, often as part of a broader effort to challenge U.S. political, military and economic influence in the region. The Soviet Union helped build the Aswan High Dam in the 1960s.
Moscow was also major power in the Middle East during the Cold War, arming Arab states against Israel. Its influence waned in the 1990s with the collapse of communism leaving the U.S. as the pre-eminent superpower in a troubled region.
With assistance from Lin Noueihed
To the Editor:
A couple of days ago I read a Feb. 21 Herald article about a house that Rosa Parks once stayed in being put on display by Brown. A March 15 Herald article said the display was being canceled due to a dispute as to how much time they actually spent in the home. Ironically, I am fighting to save a home in Camden, New Jersey that Martin Luther King, Jr. once stayed in as well, and the same type of argument is being made by the state's historic preservation office to deny the property's significance. Here, we have two of the most recognized figures of the civil rights movement, both pivotal figures in the formation of our nation, yet both properties are being unfairly scrutinized. To offer some context: In New Jersey we have dozens of properties that are on the National Register of Historic Places that are connected to George Washington, some where they only stayed a night, but yet they have been declared to be significant to the history of our nation. Clearly there is a double standard at play here.
Rosa Parks's decision to not move on that bus was just as powerful as the shot that was heard around the world, and their memory should be honored in Alabama, Detroit, Michigan and all over the world. I find it ironic that Brown has asked Ryan Mendoza to move the house after it has already started to be built because in a sense, the house has now taken its seat. Rosa Parks was told that they were not significant enough for that seat, but they refused to move, and that changed the course of our nation. We are in desperate need in this nation for another shift in our paradigm and for a national conversation about our past and how we make a better future, so please Mr. Mendoza, do not give up your seat.
Patrick Duff
MILAN: Italian oil major Eni is betting billions on Luca Bertelli being able to achieve something they have been doing since they were 9 years old — spotting things others overlook.
The geologist, who heads Eni's exploration team, began collecting rocks as a boy growing up in Tuscany, developing a curious eye that eventually led them to discover two of the world's biggest gas fields this century.
Their latest success, the Zohr field off Egypt, sits in an area that Royal Dutch Shell pored over for years before Bertelli persuaded their boss to embark on a drilling program that turned up the Mediterranean's largest gas discovery.
Now the 59-year-old and their team are under pressure to show they can keep finding treasures others have missed — this time in waters off Mexico where former state oil monopoly Pemex has been exploring for decades.
“We feel there's room for surprise, even in areas previously explored,” Bertelli said up in their 12th-floor office in Milan, fingering a specimen of crumbly oil-rich rock from the Amoca field it won, with two other fields, in 2015.
Bertelli is a lynchpin in Eni's corporate strategy which in recent years has seen it break ranks with major rivals and ignore the rush to shale, focusing instead on eking out the world's conventional energy resources.
In recent years weakness in its “downstream” businesses like refining and chemicals have dragged on profits and placed more of a premium on securing success in “upstream” exploration.
The story of how Eni discovered the giant Zohr field in 2015 offers a window into how Bertelli and their team operate.
They said geologic intuition and experience told them there could be something there that other companies hadn't spotted.
Previous discoveries in the East Mediterranean had all been in sandstone. But it soon became clear this was not the case in Zohr, prompting a host of rivals to dismiss the site.
What Bertelli and their team saw instead were the outlines of a different kind of structure beneath a thick layer of salt and they had a hunch it could be a form of limestone — carbonate — that they had seen yielding oil and gas in fields as far flung as Kazakhstan and Venezuela.
“Intuition comes from experience,” they said. “In the case of Zohr we'd already seen similar geological features elsewhere.”
Then Eni's supercomputer came in. It is the third most powerful in the industry after those operated by France's Total and Norway's Petroleum Geo-Services, processing 8 million billion operations a second.
It recrunched imaging data hailing from the 1990s to look for signs of carbonate formation, performing the task in a matter of days rather than the months that was once needed.
“The result gave us the confidence to back up our intuition,” said Bertelli. “We decided to go for drilling.”
But if Eni, the seventh-biggest major by output, might have an edge in exploration, its downstream business has struggled. The consequent shift of focus away from those areas has raised concerns it might be overly exposed to oil price volatility.
Its heavy presence in Africa, with the risk associated with working in places like Libya and Nigeria, is for some another reason why the company's shares have underperformed peers like BP and Total.
A decade ago, Eni was all but washed-up as an explorer.
It was struggling to discover as much new oil and gas as it extracted each year. And its ability to run complex projects was in doubt after losing its role as sole operator of the huge Kashagan oilfield in 2008 due to delays and cost overruns.
Since then it has discovered two world-class gas fields, in Mozambique and Egypt, adding 115 trillion cubic feet of resources.
Bertelli attributes the turnaround to a strategy they helped CEO Claudio Descalzi implement — a focus on simple projects majority-owned by Eni to better control costs and time.
The decision not to chase the shale bonanza that reshaped the industry was also key. “We found a window of opportunity in a field no longer dominated by the super-majors but by smaller independent players.”
Bertelli points to a map on their wall of the company's giant Mamba field off Mozambique, calling it one of a kind. Then they pause for thought. “But it's probably not unique,” they add. “There's another one out there waiting to be found.”
— Reuters
MILAN: Italian oil major Eni is betting billions on Luca Bertelli being able to achieve something they have been doing since they were 9 years old — spotting things others overlook.
The geologist, who heads Eni's exploration team, began collecting rocks as a boy growing up in Tuscany, developing a curious eye that eventually led them to discover two of the world's biggest gas fields this century.
Their latest success, the Zohr field off Egypt, sits in an area that Royal Dutch Shell pored over for years before Bertelli persuaded their boss to embark on a drilling program that turned up the Mediterranean's largest gas discovery.
Now the 59-year-old and their team are under pressure to show they can keep finding treasures others have missed — this time in waters off Mexico where former state oil monopoly Pemex has been exploring for decades.
“We feel there's room for surprise, even in areas previously explored,” Bertelli said up in their 12th-floor office in Milan, fingering a specimen of crumbly oil-rich rock from the Amoca field it won, with two other fields, in 2015.
Bertelli is a lynchpin in Eni's corporate strategy which in recent years has seen it break ranks with major rivals and ignore the rush to shale, focusing instead on eking out the world's conventional energy resources.
In recent years weakness in its “downstream” businesses like refining and chemicals have dragged on profits and placed more of a premium on securing success in “upstream” exploration.
The story of how Eni discovered the giant Zohr field in 2015 offers a window into how Bertelli and their team operate.
They said geologic intuition and experience told them there could be something there that other companies hadn't spotted.
Previous discoveries in the East Mediterranean had all been in sandstone. But it soon became clear this was not the case in Zohr, prompting a host of rivals to dismiss the site.
What Bertelli and their team saw instead were the outlines of a different kind of structure beneath a thick layer of salt and they had a hunch it could be a form of limestone — carbonate — that they had seen yielding oil and gas in fields as far flung as Kazakhstan and Venezuela.
“Intuition comes from experience,” they said. “In the case of Zohr we'd already seen similar geological features elsewhere.”
Then Eni's supercomputer came in. It is the third most powerful in the industry after those operated by France's Total and Norway's Petroleum Geo-Services, processing 8 million billion operations a second.
It recrunched imaging data hailing from the 1990s to look for signs of carbonate formation, performing the task in a matter of days rather than the months that was once needed.
“The result gave us the confidence to back up our intuition,” said Bertelli. “We decided to go for drilling.”
But if Eni, the seventh-biggest major by output, might have an edge in exploration, its downstream business has struggled. The consequent shift of focus away from those areas has raised concerns it might be overly exposed to oil price volatility.
Its heavy presence in Africa, with the risk associated with working in places like Libya and Nigeria, is for some another reason why the company's shares have underperformed peers like BP and Total.
A decade ago, Eni was all but washed-up as an explorer.
It was struggling to discover as much new oil and gas as it extracted each year. And its ability to run complex projects was in doubt after losing its role as sole operator of the huge Kashagan oilfield in 2008 due to delays and cost overruns.
Since then it has discovered two world-class gas fields, in Mozambique and Egypt, adding 115 trillion cubic feet of resources.
Bertelli attributes the turnaround to a strategy they helped CEO Claudio Descalzi implement — a focus on simple projects majority-owned by Eni to better control costs and time.
The decision not to chase the shale bonanza that reshaped the industry was also key. “We found a window of opportunity in a field no longer dominated by the super-majors but by smaller independent players.”
Bertelli points to a map on their wall of the company's giant Mamba field off Mozambique, calling it one of a kind. Then they pause for thought. “But it's probably not unique,” they add. “There's another one out there waiting to be found.”
— Reuters
I cover the cities of Andover, Blaine and Ramsey. I have worked at ABC Newspapers since August 2007.
As the Anoka-Hennepin School District worked toward drumming up community support for a referendum vote on Nov. 7, it met with the Andover YMCA to see if a partnership could lead to re-opening a pool that closed more than 15 years ago. The pool at Oak View Middle School has been closed since the spring of 2002. Multiple attempts have been made to re-open the pool with the latest concept being a partnership between the Anoka-Hennepin School District and the Andover YMCA, but the two sides could not reach an agreement. File photo
The potential partnership was not a new idea. In September 2012, parents, students and coaches appeared at a
School Board meeting to ask for the Oak View Middle School pool to re-open. The Andover City Council decided that the city should not devote funds to re-open the pool but instead should be the connecting force in the school district and YMCA working together.
Nothing happened, but the idea of the school district and YMCA forming a partnership did not completely go away. Dickinson informed the Andover City Council at an April 2016 workshop that both sides had expressed interest in re-opening the pool.
Chuck Holden, the school district's chief operations officer, said staff from the school district, YMCA and the city of Andover met several times over the past few months to see if a solution could be found.
“There's no way we could have afforded to open it on our own,” Holden said.
The YMCA was interested in having aquatics programming at Oak View Middle School before, during and after school hours. The middle school is a neighbor to the Andover YMCA.
The pool has no separate entrance, so swimmers and their families would have needed to check in like any other visitor. This would have included swiping a driver's license and identifying yourself on camera before being let into the building and getting a visitor's pass printed.
Holden said the district would have also wanted these swimmers to be escorted to and from the pool so they would not be walking freely around the building.
This created additional expenses that nobody was willing to pay for, according to Holden and Allison Boes, executive director of the Andover YMCA..
“Logistically at this point we couldn't work it out,” they said.
The busiest times for the YMCA pool during the school year is early morning swim lessons for adults and after school lessons for kids, according to Boes.
Holden said the school district would have only been interested in re-opening the Oak View Middle School pool if the Andover High School girls' and boys' swimming and teams could have used it for practices and competitions, but this would have conflicted with the YMCA's programming.
The pool closed in the spring of 2002 after a school district levy failed in 2001. Andover High School opened in the fall of 2002 so it has never had a home pool.
Andover's teams share the Anoka Middle School for the Arts (Fred Moore campus) pool with the Anoka teams. Blaine and Coon Rapids share Northdale Middle School's pool.
The district asked voters in 2002 and 2007 if they would approve a tax increase to re-open closed pools at Oak View Middle School and Coon Rapids Middle School, but the majority of people who showed up gave a thumbs down.
The Coon Rapids Middle School pool is no more. It is now used for a cafeteria and gymnasium.
On Nov. 7, voters in the Anoka-Hennepin School District are facing two questions. The first question asks for an increase to general education revenue by approximately $9.5 million each year, with authorization to increase annually by the rate of inflation. The second question asks for $249 million that includes construction of two new elementary schools, building additions so portable classrooms are no longer needed and completing construction of secured entrances at all schools.
Holden said the Fit for the Future Task Force concentrated on classroom needs and re-opening the Oak View Middle School pool or converting it to another use was not recommended by the task force.
They believe it would be premature to completely get rid of the pool.
“It's a great pool and ideally we'd like to be able to re-open it,” they said.
[email protected]
Dr. Suha Abushamma, the Cleveland Clinic trainee who was deported under President Donald Trump's immigration executive order, is back in Cleveland.
It took a team of immigration lawyers, the New York attorney general's office, a lawsuit and the celebrity power of the noted clinic to do it, but the Saudi-born Abushamma was quietly whisked through John F. Kennedy International Airport in New York on Monday, the clinic said.
Dr. Suha Abushamma, the Cleveland Clinic physician who was banned from the United States under President Donald Trump's immigration executive order, has returned to Cleveland. WKYC-TV
Abushamma was detained Jan. 28 after Trump's executive order stopped the entry of people from seven mostly Muslim countries into the United States. Abushamma, who carried a passport from Sudan, was sent back to Saudi Arabia, where they had been visiting their family.
David Leopold, an immigration lawyer who represents the clinic, said they and other lawyers started working on Abushamma's behalf even as they sat in detention at the airport Jan. 28.
“ We are so lucky to have her, and they are among the best and brightest there is in the world.”
They've been able to get them back because a federal judge in Washington state stayed Trump's order. Immigration officials stopped enforcing it.
"What we saw in the past 72 hours was a window, and we grabbed it," Leopold said. They said that Abushamma was forced to give up their visa but that they have a new H-1B visa that allows people with special skills to enter the United States.
Related: You're Scaring Away Our Greatest Minds, CEOs Tell Trump
"I'm beyond thankful for your support," Abushamma said at a news conference as the Trump administration fought to get the order reinstated.
We're so happy to welcome Dr. Suha Abushamma back to Cleveland! Watch the moment they surprised their friends and closest colleagues. pic.twitter.com/ppgmpQFD81 — Cleveland Clinic (@ClevelandClinic) February 7, 2017
The cheerful, bespectacled Abushamma is one of faces of a medical and scientific community outraged by Trump's order, which they say is not only unlawful but also unnecessary. Biotech chief executives, Nobel Prize winners, prominent scientists and doctors have all pressed the administration to back off.
Related: Respect Science, Scientists Urge Trump
"I chose medical training here in the United States because it's the best training in the world," Abushamma said. Medical leaders say immigrants like Abushamma pay back their training many times over by taking care of patients, starting up new companies and bringing fresh brainpower and talent to the country.
Trump's order stopped refugees and other legal migrants, along with residents and visitors, from Iraq, Syria, Sudan and other countries deemed at high risk of terrorist activity.
Related: Scientists Are Mad About Trump's Policies
Abushamma sued the federal government over their treatment, but lawyers said they are dropping the suits.
"She is a delightful, smart, warm doctor who is the top of their class. We are so lucky to have her, and they are among the best and brightest there is in the world," Cleveland Clinic spokesperson Eileen Shiel told NBC News.
"She is amazing.  They are a great doctor. They will be an amazing doctor. "
A Texas state lawmaker was shot in the head New Year's Eve, the accidental victim of stray bullet purportedly shot in the air.
The victim, State Rep. Armando Martinez, was taken to a Brownsville-area medical center, near the Mexico border, then to a hospital where surgeons removed the bullet that had punctured their skull.
Martinez, a Democrat, said they never lost consciousness. They were reported Monday in stable condition and is expected to make a full recovery.
“I'm really thankful for all of their efforts,” they told CBS affiliate KGBT News.
Martinez, a married father, was with their wife when the incident occurred. But it remains unclear where the couple was when they were shot, apparently by a holiday reveler.
“It felt like a sledgehammer hit me over the head,” Martinez told KGBT from the hospital.
After a few moments, Martinez and their wife realized he'd been hit by the bullet, then rushed to the medical center.
The Hidalgo County Sheriff's Office is investigating the shooting.
“We have reason to believe that they were hit by a bullet that was fired into the air,” according to a statement released by Sgt. J.P. Rodriguez, a spokesperson for the Sheriff's Office.
Morningside Park basketball courts are open for business and being used as of Friday, October 6, 2017. C.M. GUERRERO. cmguerrero@elnuevoherald.com
Buhari has fulfilled campaign promise on security, says Dan'Ali
Minister of Defense, Brigadier General (rtd) Mansur Dan'Ali said President Muhammadu Buhari has fulfilled their campaign promises to tackle the security problems in the country.
Responding to questions from newsmen at the weekend in Gusau, Zamfara State, after the laying the foundation of 207 Quick Response Group Unit Command, Dan'Ali said ‘'There can never be development without security and that is why the number one priority of the administration was fighting insurgency, cattle rustling and other crimes.”
According to the defence minister, “Remember this administration came into office when there were a lot of security challenges. People could no longer go to mosque, church or to the market comfortably. They were no longer free to move about. Terrorists had occupied part of Nigerian territory.
“Today, we thank God. There is peace and safety of lives and property in the north east region. Nobody can guarantee security 100 per cent, only God can do that. So, but against the security challenges the administration met on the ground, Buhari has recorded 90 per cent success in the security front,” said Dan ‘Ali.
On the recent video by leader of Boko Haram leader, Shekau, the minister said: ‘'Nobody is saying that they couldn't arrange a video tape, but anybody can go to their room or toilet and make a film and present it to people as the real situation.
This post was syndicated from The Guardian NigeriaThe Guardian Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
'); StatBanner('btw', bl); } else { show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); } } } function mailru_ads(data, el) { if(data && data.length > 0) { var ban_location = $(el).attr("ntv-loc"); var bl = parseInt(ban_location); if(bl == 3 && typeof b240_callback !== 'undefined') { try { window[b240_callback](); } catch(e) {} } StatBanner('all', bl); } } (MRGtag = window.MRGtag || []).push({ onNoAds:function(resp) { mailru_noAds(resp); }, onAdsLoaded: function(data, el){ mailru_ads(data, el); }, iframeMode: false }); function StatBanner(type, place) { if (type == 'all') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_showed" }); } if (type == 'noAds') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_mailru_error" }); } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_top" }); try { reachGoal('banner_error_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_ntv_showed" }); } if (type == 'btw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_showed" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_showed'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'nobtw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_error" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_error'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4_ntv" }); } } $(function() { var o = document.createElement('vid' + 'eo'); if(isFInst && (!o || !o.canPlayType || !o.canPlayType('video/mp4; codecs="avc1.640029, mp4a.40.2"'))) { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "html5_media_support" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('html5_media_support'); } catch (e) {} } }); // -->
0:45 New Year's Eve in uptown Charlotte Pause
1:00 Cam Newton after season-ending loss: I need a rest, time away
0:52 Shoppers seek sales at area malls
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
1:28 Kemba Walker discusses Hornets win over Heat, joining 7,000-point club
1:33 First Baby of 2017
1:24 Dog rescued after being buried alive in Italian earthquake
2:00 PRP and stem cell therapy gains popularity in Charlotte
1:19 Charlotte protesters chant, march and confront police after no charges filed against officer who killed Keith Lamont Scott
ROME — Italy's populist 5-Star Movement says it's open to find agreement with the Democratic Party on forming a government, but that its members would have to vote on any such alliance.
The country's March 4 parliamentary election produced an inconclusive outcome. A new round of consultations on creating the next Italian government began on Tuesday.
Five-Star leader Luigi Di Maio declared all negotiations with the right-wing League dead. They said the League was “condemned to irrelevance” by refusing to break with former Premier Silvio Berlusconi's Forza Italia.
The 5-Stars, the election's single biggest vote-getter, now are looking to the centre-left Democrats, who are badly divided. Some want to be in opposition, while others are open to a 5-Star deal.
Di Maio says Italians should vote again, if no deal is reached.
Having a team that can work together and communicate effectively is essential to a successful business. MSNBC's JJ Ramberg shares some useful tips.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Work Smart: Create a Collaborative Environment 1:22 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Los Angeles, CA (PRUnderground) December 11th, 2017
Branding Los Angeles is a terrific fashion influencer marketing agency committed to their client's success. Not only do they specialize in creating innovative marketing campaigns for their clients, but they understand the needs of your business and help take it to new heights. Being located at 11040 Santa Monica Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA 90025 (310.479.6444), Branding Los Angeles is able to help local businesses develop their fashion influencer marketing strategy.
Being one of the top fashion influencer marketing agencies, Branding Los Angeles provides companies with a wide variety of branding solutions. Whether you are looking to build a strong brand or develop a comprehensive marketing strategy through the use of fashion influencer marketing, Branding Los Angeles is here to help. Their valuable insights serve as an invaluable asset when creating marketing campaigns for their customers.
As one of the best fashion influencer marketing agencies, Branding Los Angeles cares about their clients and the success of their respective businesses. They are successful in growing their client's business and continually exceeding their expectations. It comes as no surprise that Branding Los Angeles was rated on Yelp as one of the best fashion influencer marketing agencies, serving as a testament to their high-quality work.
With over 10 years of experience under their belt, Branding Los Angeles stands apart from their competitors as a top fashion influencer marketing agency. They have the ability to use fashion influencer marketing tactics to create original marketing campaigns and appeal to a wider base of potential customers. They also market for a variety of different industries ranging from restaurants and medical facilities to fashion apparel.
About Branding Los Angeles
Branding Los Angeles is a top fashion influencer marketing agency that offers a wide variety of marketing services ranging from website and graphic design, social media marketing, and search engine optimization to name a few. Businesses looking for fashion influencer marketing can visit their website at www.brandinglosangeles.com or visit them at their office located at 11040 Santa Monica Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA 90025 (310.479.6444).
About Branding Los Angeles
Tee Grizzley's breakout year continues with their latest song “Win.” The anthem serves as a victory lap and features them looking back on their newfound success (“First nigga in my family with some legal bread”). Listen below. Grizzley is performing at this month's TIDAL X benefit show and is at work on their forthcoming album Activated.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Twitter is accused of not giving the devil their due.
Not Lucifer himself, but a social activist group called the Satanic Temple, which claims that the social media giant violated its own rules when it suspended the group's Twitter account and that of its co-founder Lucien Greaves. It has filed a formal complaint against Twitter with the Massachusetts Commission Against Discrimination.
“Given the importance of social media platforms, and the outsized power that so few social media giants like Twitter hold over users' community and business presences, these platforms should reasonably be expected to responsibly and evenly uphold their terms of service in a nonbiased fashion free of discrimination and inexplicable arbitrary pettiness,” Greaves said in a statement. “To ignore Twitter's blatant discrimination against the Satanic Temple is to yield ourselves to regressive new world of acceptable online violations against civil liberties.”
The Satanic Temple describes itself as a "nontheistic religious organization dedicated to satanic practice and the promotion of satanic rights” and is based in Salem, Massachusetts, the site of the famous witch trials.
It claims that Twitter lowered the boom after Greaves urged their followers to report a Massachusetts resident using the handle @LaurieGatta1, who allegedly urged people to “burn down” the group's Salem headquarters.
The Satanic Temple said Greaves' tweet “took wing” when actor Corey Feldman retweeted it.
For that, the group claims, Twitter suspended its accounts.
Lucien Greaves next to a nine-foot statue of the goat-headed idol Baphomet at the headquarters of the Satanic Temple in Salem, Massachusetts. Elise Amendola / AP file
“While Twitter lifted the suspensions of both the TST and Lucien Greaves accounts after their actions were exposed in mass media, they still have not verified the accounts of either while failing to justify their refusal,” the group said in a statement. “The complaint charges Twitter with discrimination in public accommodation on the basis of religion and unlawful retaliation.”
NBC News has reached out to Twitter for the company's side of the story. So far Twitter has not responded.
Meanwhile, the @LaurieGatta1 account has been suspended, a search of Twitter determined.
The Massachusetts commission confirmed that the Satanic Temple filed a complaint against Twitter on March 12.
“Once we complete our investigation we will be able to release the complaint and our findings,” the agency's spokesperson, H Harrison, told NBC News.
The Satanic Temple is less about devil worship and more of an advocate for strict separation of church and state. It opposes tax exemptions for religious organizations.
In years past, the group has gone to bat for women seeking abortion in Missouri, led the charge against Florida Gov. Rick Scott's push for voluntary prayers in public schools, and inserted itself into the battle over the Ten Commandments monument at the Oklahoma Capitol by insisting that the temple be allowed to place a statue of the goat-headed deity Baphomet near the Christian statue.
WASHINGTON — The U.S. ambassador to Qatar has stepped down — a departure that comes roughly a week after Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, Egypt, and the United Arab Emirates severed diplomatic relations with Doha citing that government's alleged support of terror and actions aimed at destabilizing the region.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Mixed Signals on Qatar from Pres. Trump and Their Staff 1:27 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Dana Shell Smith, announced via Twitter that they were leaving their post at the end of the month. A State Department spokesperson told NBC News the ambassador's tour had come to an end and it was long known that they would be retiring.
Last week, after Trump tweeted criticism of Qatar and their financial support for terrorism, Shell Smith retweeted a previous comment from October 2016 about the "great partnership" with Qatar to "counterterrorist financing".
Speaking Friday, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson made similar remarks to the ambassador's saying, “The emir of Qatar has made progress in halting financial support and expelling terrorist elements from their country,” but added that “he must do more and they must do it more quickly.”
Smith is a career member of the foreign service and was confirmed by the Senate as the U.S. Ambassador to Qatar on July 10, 2014. Previously, they served as principal deputy assistant secretary of public affairs from 2011 to 2014 and as deputy assistant secretary for international media.
Smith was previously in the spotlight when on May 9, the same day FBI director James Comey was fired, they tweeted that it's "increasingly difficult to wake up overseas to news from home, knowing I will spend today explaining our democracy and institutions."
Related: Trump Credits Their Middle East Trip for Saudi-Led Diplomatic Break With Qatar
And then on May 10, after speculation arose from their previous tweet, they tweeted "Diplomats explain & defend our political system. Can be tough when partisan acrimony so high, but there is still no greater country. #USA"
Qatar houses the al-Udeid Air Base — home to roughly 10,000 American troops and a forward headquarters of U.S. Central Command. Pentagon spokesperson Captain Jeff Davis did not directly answer last week when asked if Qatar is a supporter of terrorism saying instead, "They are hosted to our operational base."
Davis also declined to directly comment on the president's tweeted criticism of Doha, saying "we have no plans to change our posture in Qatar".
The OHSAA State Track and Field Meet will be held Friday and Saturday, June 1 and 2, at Jesse Owens Memorial Stadium on the campus of the Ohio State University in Columbus. Highland County will be represented by seven athletes from Fairfield, Hillsboro and McClain.
Fairfield, competing in Division III will be represented by one girl and four boys. Lady Lion Blake Adams will represent Fairfield in the girls' discus throw and shot put. On the boys' side Fairfield will be represented by the 4×800-meter relay team of Andrew Davis, Brandtson Duffie, Bennett Hodson and Matthew Mangus. Duffie also qualified individually in the boys' 800-meter run and Mangus will be participating in the 3200-meter run.
Adams earned the right to participate in the State meet for the third year in a row in the shot put with a distance of 37-06.75 at the Regional meet. Adams will be making their first appearance at the state meet in the girls' discus throw and earned a spot with a distance of 115-04 at Regionals.
The 4×800-meter relay team qualified for the State meet by posting a time of 8:20 at the Regional meet. Duffie earned their spot in the 800-meter run courtesy of a first place finish at Regionals with a time of 1:57.06. Mangus earned a return trip to State in the 3200-meter run with a time of 9:42.64 at the regional meet.
In Division II McClain's Chayden Pitzer will represent the Lady Tigers track and field team in three events. Pitzer returns to State for the second year in a row in the girls' 100-meter hurdles with a qualifying time of 15.37 and the 100-meter dash with a time of 12.75 at the D II Regional meet. Pitzer will also compete in the girls' 300-meter hurdles as they qualified with a time of 46.50.
Hillsboro's Draven Stodgel qualified for the State meet in the boys' discus throw and shot put with qualifying distances of 147-04 and 51-03.50 respectively. Austin Goolsby returns to the State meet for the third straight year in the boys' pole vault and looks to defend their 2017 State Title. Goolsby qualified for the State meet with a height of 15-04 at Regionals and is the top qualifier in the event.
Events are scheduled to start at 9:30 a.m. Friday with the D II pole vault and boys' shot put. The D III boys' 4×800-meter relay is scheduled for 9:45 a.m.
Reach Ryan Applegate at 937-402-2572, or on Twitter @RCApplegate89.
Hillsboro's Draven Stodgel is pictured at the D II Regional Track meet held at Muskingum University May 26. Stodgel qualified for the State meet in the discus throw and shot put. https://www.timesgazette.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/33/2018/05/web1_Stodgel-State-qualifier-1.jpg Hillsboro's Draven Stodgel is pictured at the D II Regional Track meet held at Muskingum University May 26. Stodgel qualified for the State meet in the discus throw and shot put. Chris Hoppes | AIM Media Midwest
Share
You would think that, here in 2018, the threat of bad actors and hackers online would make us work a bit harder at coming up with secure passwords. Yet somehow “123456” and “password” persist as popular choices. (And, no, we're sadly not kidding about that!) Wouldn't it be great if there was a desk toy that could somehow generate and store random, ultra-secure passwords?
Bringing such a dream to life is the goal of a new Kickstarter campaign for the so-called “Ultra Password Cube,” a password-creating Rubik's Cube-like device that uses a combination of cutting-edge true randon number generator tech and user manipulation to create secure passwords. Best of all, because the device is non-electronic, it can't be hacked online.
“We generate and apply a unique set of true random symbols to each ‘magic cube' to create a device that, when purchased by the consumer, is highly likely to be almost completely different from any other device produced by our method,” Dr. Petrus Potgieter, one of the brains behind the project, told Digital Trends. “Because the user can then shuffle the device further through normal manipulation, introducing a vast amount of further randomness, it becomes easy to have a source of true random passwords at home or in the office. This contrasts with electronic random password generators that are subject to spyware and other forms of online snooping.”
The creators also provide instructions for how to read your passwords off the device while it sits on your desk, so you don't have to write them down to remember them. Of course, this only works until you further twist the cube. Fortunately, because of the number of characters on each side, you should be able to generate multiple passwords without having to continually manipulate the device.
Potgieter describes the product as fun to use (well, fun compared to other ways of coming up with new passwords, that is). But they said that it is certainly not a novelty item as much as something intended for serious use by security-conscious people and institutions. “Our device is more sophisticated than any hardware device that we have seen,” they continued. “The Ultra Password Cube is the ideal way to generate passwords that are virtually immune to online ‘dictionary' attacks.”
As ever, we offer our usual warnings about the risks associated with crowdfunding campaigns. However, if you'd still like to get your hands on an Ultra Password Cube, you can pledge your support — and cold, hard cash — over on the project's Kickstarter page. A handmade cube will set you back $60. (Somewhat randomly, there are a host of animal photography-themed rewards available, too.) Shipping is set to take place in December.
Get the Think newsletter.
I have a genuine admiration for New York City mayors, whether or not I share their politics. Perhaps it is because I believe so much in city's historic mission as a wellspring of opportunity. Or, maybe out of respect for the people themselves, who at one time or another elected a particular individual to do the job. So many of Gotham's ambitious leaders came to the task with a genuine determination to make the city a better place for all who live here.
That is why the astounding decline of Rudolf Giuliani is so tragic to watch. The man who began their career as a star prosecutor in the U.S. Attorney's Office has aligned themselves with a president who has no regard for the law and holds a deep disdain for men and women in law enforcement. The chief executive who left City Hall as “America's Mayor” in the wake of the World Trade Center catastrophe is now a regular object of ridicule on the evening news. Not to mention their floundering performance as an attorney.
It is a troubling spectacle to witness, especially for New Yorkers. Perhaps nothing marks their fall from grace more profoundly than the events of this Memorial Day, when Giuliani, a notoriously avid Yankee fan, was greeted at the stadium with angry boos from the home crowd.
Nothing marks their fall from grace more profoundly than this Memorial Day, when Giuliani, a notoriously avid Yankee fan, was greeted with angry boos from the home crowd.
The decline was gradual and self-imposed. Most of us first heard about Giuliani when they took on the mob as a federal prosecutor in the 1980s. They literally risked their lives. Their rescue of the Fulton Fish Market and the private carting industry from mob control was nothing short of heroic. Their fights against corruption in city government and on Wall Street were exemplary.
Giuliani denied Mayor David Dinkins a second term in 1993 when they convinced voters they could bring down historic crime rates in a city that seemed to be spinning out of control. The 1993 mayoral election was the closest since 1905. In 1997, Giuliani was reelected with close to 58% of the vote. Depending on whom you ask, their overall record as mayor gets mixed reviews; but that's true for all former mayors.
As mayor, Giuliani supported gun control, gay rights and open immigration. Tellingly, Giuliani, a Republican, was elected with the backing of lifelong Democrats, like former Mayor Ed Koch, former Congressman and Puerto Rican icon Herman Badillo, and Robert F. Wagner Jr., son of the late mayor and grandson of the New Deal senator who helped Franklin Roosevelt build a social safety net during the Great Depression. Upon entering City Hall, two of Giuliani's four deputy mayors were registered Democrats.
New York Gov. George Pataki, left, New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani, center, and Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton, D-N.Y., tour the site of the World Trade Center disaster on Sept. 12, 2001. ROBERT F. BUKATY / AP file
The political crossovers said as much about the changing nature of the Democratic Party as it did about Rudy Giuliani. When George Pataki challenged Governor Mario Cuomo in 1998, Giuliani broke ranks with their party to endorse the liberal Democrat. When President Bill Clinton ran into trouble getting their crime bill through Congress, it was the celebrity former prosecutor from New York who helped them gain Republican support. Giuliani and Clinton also shared a common determination to “end welfare as we know it” and move people from public support to gainful employment. The policy, unfortunately, also contributed to a rising tide of homelessness.
Giuliani began their first term in office with a $2 billion budget deficit. By the end of their second term, they were referring to New York as “Comeback City.” While no friend of municipal unions, they managed to restore city jobs that had been lost since the austere years of the Koch administration.
Rudy had always brandished a hard edge when it came to policy. It was especially visible when they dealt with the city school system. They were so frustrated with its poor performance and lame bureaucracy that they forced two school chancellors to resign. The Democrat-controlled state legislature pledged to never give Giuliani the control over schools that they coveted, but their high profile criticism of the ambling system paved the way for the enactment of mayoral control under Mayor Michael Bloomberg.
Giuliani's tough guy image served them well during their final days in office. But that same tough guy persona eventually turned on him.
It was in Giuliani's most triumphant sphere of policy that they displayed their most significant blind spot. Crime came tumbling down for sure, just as they had promised. However, the “broken windows” approach pioneered by their police commissioner, Bill Bratton, had a downside. Tough enforcement against minor offences like possessing small amounts of marijuana led to more arrests and incarceration. A disproportionate number of the young men put away were African American and Latino, causing justifiable resentment in minority communities. Even though Giuliani promised that depressed communities would be the main beneficiaries of falling crime, many residents of those neighborhoods felt that the war against crime was a war against them. But there was no turning back for the tough-minded mayor who set out to bring down street crime the same way they had the Mafia.
Giuliani's tough guy image served them well during their final days in office, when they guided the city through the most devastating attack ever to occur on American soil. But that same tough guy persona eventually turned on him.
The decline was first apparent on a national stage during the Republican Convention of 2008, when a sneering Giuliani berated then-candidate Barack Obama for their service as a community organizer in Chicago, a calling for activists who work to improve the lives of struggling people. Giuliani's post-mayoral image was permanently emblazoned on the nation's memory during the Republican Convention of 2016 when, their face distorted with anger, they came forward to sing the praises of Donald Trump as America's new savior.
Former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani speaks at the Republican National Convention in Cleveland, Ohio on July 18, 2016. MIKE SEGAR / Reuters
What else can be said? At first, Trump disappointed Giuliani by refusing them a coveted cabinet position. But as they waited in the wings, the streetwise former mayor either ignored or dismissed all the signs indicating that this president lacked integrity. They should have recognized the intrigue, the deceit, the lawlessness, and, ultimately, the indictments that surrounded the Trump White House. They should have seen that those who enter its orbit in a blaze of glory usually leave in a pile of ashes.
Giuliani jumped in anyway, leaving their conscience and reputation behind. Few will recall anything they achieved in their previous career. The last memory they will have of the man who conquered New York is that of a misguided politico and a mediocre lawyer.
Joseph P. Viteritti is the Thomas Hunter Professor of Public Policy at Hunter College, and author of "The Pragmatist: Bill de Blasio's Quest to Save the Soul of New York" (Oxford).
University of Wyoming head basketball coaches Allen Edwards and Joe Legerski will be in town tonight to speak at the annual Cowboy Joe Club Wyoming Athletic Reception. The event will take place at the Broadway Theater in Rock Springs beginning at 6:30 p.m.
Advertisement
There is no admission to the event and Cowboy Joe members and the general public are invited to attend. Complimentary appetizers and beverages will be available.
The event is sponsored by Wyo4News, Western Wyoming Beverages and Santa Fe Southwest Grill.
Advertisement
WASHINGTON (AP) — Just six days into their presidency, Donald Trump was informed their national security adviser had misled their vice president about contacts with Russia. Trump kept their No. 2 in the dark and waited nearly three weeks before ousting the aide, Michael Flynn, citing a slow but steady erosion of trust, White House officials said.
Flynn was interviewed by the FBI about their telephone conversations with Russia's ambassador to the U.S., a sign their ties to Russia had caught the attention of law enforcement officials.
But in the White House's retelling of Flynn's stunning downfall, their error was not that they discussed U.S. sanctions with the Russian before the inauguration — a potential violation of a rarely enforced law — but the fact that they denied it for weeks, apparently misleading Vice President Mike Pence and other senior Trump aides about the nature of the conversations. White House officials said they conducted a thorough review of Flynn's interactions, including transcripts of calls secretly recorded by U.S. intelligence officials, but found nothing illegal.
Pence, who had vouched for Flynn in a televised interview, is said to have been angry and deeply frustrated.
"The evolving and eroding level of trust as a result of this situation and a series of other questionable incidents is what led the president to ask General Flynn for their resignation," White House spokesperson Sean Spicer said Tuesday, one day after the president asked Flynn to leave.
Flynn, in an interview with The Daily Caller News Foundation, said Monday "there were no lines crossed" in their conversations with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak.
The explanation of the episode left many questions unanswered, including why Trump didn't alert Pence to the matter and why Trump allowed Flynn to keep accessing classified information and taking part in the president's discussions with world leaders up until the day they were fired.
White House officials also struggled to explain why Trump counselor Kellyanne Conway had declared the president retained "full confidence" in Flynn just hours before the adviser had to submit their letter of resignation.
Later Tuesday, The New York Times reported that U.S. agencies had intercepted phone calls last year between Russian intelligence officials and members of Donald Trump's 2016 campaign team. Current and former U.S. officials who spoke to the Times anonymously said they found no evidence that the Trump campaign was working with the Russians on hacking or other efforts to influence the election.
The White House shakeup, less than one month into Trump's tenure, marked another jarring setback for a new administration already dealing with tensions among top aides and a legal fight over the president's travel ban order. Flynn's firing also heightened questions about the president's friendly posture toward Russia. Democrats called for investigations into Flynn's contacts, and Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham said Congress needed to know whether they had been acting with direction from the president or others.
Trump initially thought Flynn could survive the controversy, according to a person with direct knowledge of the president's views, but a pair of explosive stories in The Washington Post in recent days made the situation untenable. As early as last week, they and aides began making contingency plans for Flynn's dismissal, a senior administration official said. While the president was said to be upset with Flynn, they also expressed anger with other aides for "losing control" of the story and making their young administration look bad.
Pence spokesperson Marc Lotter said Pence became aware that they had received "incomplete information" from Flynn only after the first Washington Post report Thursday night. Pence learned about the Justice Department warnings to the White House around the same time.
The officials and others with knowledge of the situation were not authorized to discuss the matter publicly and requested anonymity.
Ahead of the Jan. 20 inauguration, Pence and other officials insisted publicly that Flynn had not discussed sanctions in their talks with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak. On Jan. 26, Acting Attorney General Sally Yates contacted White House counsel Don McGahn to raise concerns about discrepancies between the public accounting and what intelligence officials knew to be true about the contacts based on routine recordings of communications with foreign officials who are in the U.S.
CHAPEL HILL, N.C. — Notre Dame has leaned on its running game to spark a turnaround from a four-win season. Now the 21st-ranked Fighting Irish bring one of the nation's best ground attacks to face a North Carolina run defence that has struggled for stops.
Notre Dame (4-1) enters Saturday's game at UNC ranked second nationally with 20 rushing touchdowns, third in yards per carry (7.14) and seventh in rushing yards per game (301.4). Those numbers are all up significantly from last season, and coach Brian Kelly points to that success as a reason why the Irish has been one of the nation's best red-zone offences, too.
“I think it has a lot to do with the running of the football and then what we're setting up off of the run, more so than trying to take shots on first down in the end zone,” Kelly said. “We're staying ahead of the chains there.”
Junior running back Josh Adams has led that attack, ranking third nationally by averaging 131.6 yards per game. Quarterback Brandon Wimbush — whose role is in question Saturday due to a foot injury — is second at better than 80 yards per game.
Compare that production to 2016, when Notre Dame averaged just 163.6 yards rushing and had 18 touchdowns on the ground for all last season. The Irish averaged about 31 points per game, roughly 10 points fewer than this season.
“I think as an offence, I think we know we can do more,” Adams said. “I think we have guys that want to do more. We're never just satisfied with where we're at. We always want to do better. We always want to improve. I don't think we're even close to being at the level we know we can be at.”
Notre Dame could be set for a big afternoon against North Carolina (1-4), which ranks 112th nationally by allowing nearly 222 yards rushing per game. The Tar Heels surrendered 403 yards rushing to Georgia Tech's triple-option attack last week.
“You're going to have to do the best job we can,” UNC coach Larry Fedora said. “We're going to have to be very disciplined in our gaps. Our guys are going to have to get off the blocks and our guys are going to have to get multiple hats to the ball. We need to create turnovers and limit their possessions.”
——
Here are some other things to know about Saturday's Notre Dame-UNC game:
WIMBUSH'S STATUS: Notre Dame coach Brian Kelly has said they won't name a starting quarterback until kickoff as starter Brandon Wimbush deals with a right foot strain. Wimbush has been limited in practice while sharing reps with Ian Book.
SURRATT'S DEVELOPMENT: Redshirt first-year student quarterback Chazz Surratt has seized control of the starting job for the Tar Heels, though they're coming off their worst performance (247 yards) of the season at Georgia Tech. The Tar Heels could use more of Surratt's big-play ability through the air and on the ground.
BANGED-UP TAR HEELS: North Carolina has an injury problem. The Tar Heels had 13 players listed on last week's injury report as being out with season-ending injuries, including starters such as receiver Austin Proehl and linebacker Andre Smith.
MISSING MOMENTUM: The Tar Heels have been struggling to date to the final month of last season. North Carolina has lost seven of nine games since beating Georgia Tech last November, which was the program's last win against a power-conference opponent.
TURNOVER EDGE: Notre Dame has a clear edge on opponents when it comes to dealing with turnovers. The Irish is plus-6 in turnover margin this season, has scored 70 points off 11 turnovers by opponents and allowed just three points off their five turnovers.
——
More AP college football: http://collegefootball.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP–Top25
——
Follow Aaron Beard on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/aaronbeardap
GIRARD, Ohio (WYTV) – Standing idly next to railroad tracks east of the Mahoning River in Girard sits a relic of the area's industrial past. It's an eyesore for sure and Mayor Jim Melfi would like to see it gone.
The coal tipple dates back to the days when trains ran on steam. The top of it has broken off and is dangling over the edge.
It's seen by everyone traveling along Interstate 80, though most Girard residents don't even notice it.
“I've never had anyone call me and complain about that structure,” Melfi said.
Though it's not a priority, they still want the coal tipple demolished.
“It's certainly an eyesore. Historical significance? I don't know if anybody would even realize what it was. It's probably more of a safety concern.”
In its day over 100 years ago, steam trains would stop at the tipple, loading up on coal to power them on their way. You can still see the chutes that delivered the coal. There are light fixtures, a ladder, even the remnants of old tracks.
Cleveland-based Mid-Continent Coal and Coke Company owns the tipple. Melfi has asked to buy it or have it deeded to the city so they could then look for a grant to have it torn down.
“We were told by a company official that they were not interested in selling to the city or giving, deeding, the property over to the city,” they said.
Melfi thinks they want to hold onto the land for possible appreciation.
While they consider the tipple ugly, thinks it's unsafe and believes it should come down, Melfi said its demolition is not a pressing matter.
“Our efforts and our monies have been concentrated in neighborhoods and not much in an abandoned industrial area.”
WYTV 33 News contacted the Mid-Continent Coal and Coke Company earlier Tuesday, but the company said it doesn't talk with reporters. We left contact information with them, but have not heard back.
New York indie-rock band Parquet Courts, inexplicably, were the musical guest's for today's episode of Ellen. The hip, but mostly underground rockers make for one of the trendier choices Ellen DeGeneres has had on their show, which tends to feature more famous and established pop acts. The band, joined by backing vocalists and bongo players, performed the title track from their new album, Wide Awake!, which Ellen called “a song that I love very much.” Wide Awake! is set to be released on May 18.
Watch the performance below.
FREMONT—What was a sluggish first half for the Lincoln High boys basketball team was the complete opposite in the second half.
The Links used an 11-0 run to start the third quarter and held off Fremont for a 64-51 victory Friday night at the Al Bahe Gymnasium.
Lincoln High (10-9) sprinted out to the early run when Jihad Muhammad converted on a three-point play, then Morgan Perry answered on a layup. Sammy Richardson hit a three-pointer before Fremont called time out with 5:54 left in the quarter. Then Perry hit a three-pointer as part of the run.
Fremont (4-14) didn't score their first point of the second half until 4:04 left in the third when 6-7 senior sank a pair of free throws. Dillon Dix hit the Tigers' first field goal of the half with 1:51 remaining with a three-pointer from the left corner.
Lincoln High outscored Fremont 23-11 in the third quarter.
The Tigers got as close as ten in the final period before the Links pulled away.
Both teams were tied at 6 after the first quarter, but Fremont surged ahead during the second quarter when Harms and Zach Woehrer combined to score 12 points to give the Tigers a 21-20 lead at halftime.
Harms led Fremont with 20 points, while Woehrer added 12. Perry led Lincoln High in the victory with 15 points and Richardson added 10.
Purple Heart and WWI Victory Medal returned to family of Carl Bond (Source: WTOL)
A World War I soldier's Purple Heart is back where it belongs, with their family, after being lost to them.
Carl Bond was in the U.S. Army in France when they were wounded after stepping on a landmine.
They received a Purple Heart for their heroics.
But the medal was lost and not found until recently.
“Stern guy. Very patriotic. The flag was always flying in front of their home,” said Mr. Bond's grandson Jeff Bond.
On Saturday, the Bond family was presented with the missing Purple Heart at the Hayes Presidential Center in Fremont.
It was tracked down by Purple Hearts Reunited, an organization that returns lost or stolen military medals to veterans and their families.
In this case, the medal was purchased from a collector in Florida who came across it at a rummage sale.
“We assigned this particular medal to one of our valor research members who was able to do the historical research, find that family connection and contact the grandson,” said Zachariah Fike of Purple Hearts Reunited.
The family couldn't be happier.
"I'm just so proud, proud to have my grandfather know their service for our country and that they are my grandfather," said Jeff.
The Purple Heart honors the legacy of the men and women who have served their country by shedding their blood or giving their lives.
More than one million have been handed out to soldiers like Carl Bond who died in 1987 at the age of 82.
Jeff Bond says there's only one way to remember their grandfather.
“As a hero, giving all the sacrifices for our country.”
Follow WTOL:
Download our app here.
Copyright 2017 WTOL. All rights reserved.
A man uses their mobile phone as sits on a bench next to a "Peace" sign in central capital Nicosia, Cyprus, Friday, Feb. 2, 2018. Barely seven months on from the latest failure to reunify the east Mediterranean island nation of Cyprus, Greek Cypriots are gearing up for a presidential election, skeptical about whether anyone can lead them out of the labyrinth of the decades-old division. Petros Karadjias AP Photo
Trump gets nudge from First Lady to raise hand for National Anthem
Heat's Erik Spolestra talks about the 'special season'
1:07
A mill nearly as old as Canada must be sold if it is to survive, its owner says, since the spring flood has just washed through it, and through their hopes of creating a bed and breakfast.
The mill on Brennan's Creek in Old Killaloe has been there since 1870. Owner Anette Clough says it's part country home, part storehouse of history.
"It has a pile of stuff in there: Manual wooden planes, sickles, big wagon wheels, things that fit around a horse's neck." There is equipment for sending flour down a chute into bags, and flour sifters, all pushed to one side of the building.
The other side is renovated: a three-bedroom home on the top two levels, and a smaller apartment with a separate entrance.
They and their soon-to-be ex-husband bought it about four years ago. The couple eventually split; they moved out two years ago and their husband left last fall. The mill has been unoccupied since then.
"I would love, love, love to keep the place. It's an incredible building. I would really love to turn it into a bed and breakfast," they said Monday.
Previous owners blasted out bedrock and put in a 50-kilowatt turbine that generates electricity for sale to the provincial grid. At least it did until a flood three years ago. Clough figures the turbine itself is still fine, but the turbine room may need electrical repairs.
"We almost had it ready to turn on, we had all the electricals checked and cleaned, and then we got flooded three years ago. And that is because we didn't have enough stop logs pulled out of the dam," they said.
With the couple splitting up, they can't afford to invest more money in repairs that are needed in one foundation wall, or in putting the turbine system back into shape.
It's a lovely setting, with a pond behind the dam, walking trails and a foot bridge to the far side of the creek.
"I haven't put it on the market yet because I haven't been wanting to sell it because I really love it. But looking at what happened this year..."
Last week, the rising runoff water spilled past the dam and through the first floor of the mill, in one door and out another.
Clough said a structural engineer looked at the mill since then, recommending repairs to one foundation wall and an overall review of the building when water levels drop.
Stop logs work like plugs in a drain, meaning they can be dropped into position in a dam or lifted out to control how much water can flow through. They are intended to be lifted out in fall, so that the spring flood has an opening where it can rush right through. But the logs are heavy, and Clough and their husband couldn't remove them all last fall, so the dam was partially blocked. Then spring came.
The result is familiar to anyone who has tried to flush a blocked toilet: Water backs up and overflows. It's now receding.
The Killaloe Post, an online magazine that's largely the work of local photographer Lynn Flokstra, recently traced the history of the mill that was built by an Irish immigrant in 1849, and rebuilt after a major fire in 1870.
"At its peak the mill was powered by one wood- and one water-powered engine and was in operation 24 hours a day grinding the wheat harvest for local farmers," the Post notes. "When flour was no longer profitable they ground grain for livestock feed. With the rise of national commercial mills local grain milling became a thing of the past."
The mill had a second life sawing and planing lumber from the 1940s until 1968.
If no one maintains the building, Clough says, "it could get worse, and then the town and the area lose something that has been there forever and is really amazing."
tspears@postmedia.com
twitter.com/TomSpears1
THE trial is due to begin this Thursday of three men who are accused of breaking into the family home of a well-known County Limerick business person more than four years ago.
When arraigned at Limerick Circuit Court this Wednesday, Patrick Roche, aged 52, of Kilcronan Close, Clondalkin, Dublin; their son Philip Roche, aged 24, also of Kilcronan Close, Clondalkin and Alan Freeman, aged 37, of Pearse Park, Tipperary Town each pleaded not guilty to a charge of aggravated burglary relating to an incident on April 16, 2012.
It is alleged the defendants entered the Garvey family home at Sunville House, Pallasgreen with the intention of committing robbery and that they were armed with a number of weapons at the time – namely a sawn-off shotgun, a sledge hammer and a baseball bat.
Addressing the general jury panel of more than 150 people, Shane Costelloe SC, prosecuting, indicated the trial could last up to six weeks and that there were more than 150 potential witnesses.
Michael Collins BL, instructed by State Solicitor Aidan Judge, told the jurors they may hear evidence during the trial from a large number of civilian witnesses including members of the Garvey family.
They said there were more than 100 potential garda witnesses and that a senior executive with Meteor may also give evidence during the trial.
Judge John Hannan told the potential jurors they should not serve on the jury if they could not approach the matter with an “open mind” and that any verdict in the case must only be based on the evidence heard in court during the trial.
It took just under an hour to select a jury of seven men and five women for the trial.
A large number of potential jurors who attended court were excused by the trial judge after they indicated they have holidays or other family events planned in the coming weeks.
Others told the court they have travel plans relating to their work while three of the potential jurors indicated they are travelling to Lourdes next week as part the diocesan pilgrimage.
One man was excused as they are due to undergo a hip in the near future while others also cited medical reasons or poor health as reasons why they could not serve on the jury.
Difficulties relating to childcare were also cited and one man indicated they could “be sacked” if they were selected.
A number of those selected from the wider jury panel were challenged by lawyers representing the defendants or on behalf of the prosecution.
A small number of people were also excused after they informed the judge that they were either familiar with the case or personally know one or more the of potential witnesses in the case.
After the jury was selected, the trial judge instructed the jurors not to discuss the matter with anybody else.
They also told them not to “engage in any kind of investigations” and not to read media coverage of the trial or carry out searches on the Internet.
“Don't go being detectives yourselves,” they said.
After being selected, jurors were told to return to court this Thursday when the trial is expected to get underway.
MIDDLEBURY, Vt. — For the first time in more than half a century, a series of Christmas cards and booklets that feature poems by Robert Frost, the poet known for their gritty images of rural New England life, are on display at Vermont's Middlebury College.
Some of the poems were published for the first time in the cards, some were early drafts of works in progress that went on to become Frost staples, while still others had been previously published.
The first card, sent in 1929 by a New York printer without Frost's permission, included Frost's poem “Christmas Trees,” a work about a city man visiting the country to buy a Christmas tree: “He asked if I would sell my Christmas trees / My woods — the young fir balsams like a place / Where houses all are churches and have spires.”
But not all the poems are about Christmas. In 1934, after Frost teamed up with New York printer Joe Blumenthal, the card included the poem “Two Tramps in Mud Time:” “Out of the mud two strangers came / And caught me splitting wood in my yard / And one of them put me off my aim / By hailing cheerily ‘Hit them hard!'”
“This is a unique thing for a major poet, to decide to give out Christmas cards every year with a unique poem in it and to send it out to their closest friends,” said Jay Parini, a Middlebury College English professor and a Frost biographer.
Frost was also interested in the visual impact of the images, frequently woodcuts of New England scenes created by a series of artists over the years. The printing done by Blumenthal, known for turning print jobs into works of art in their own right.
“This meant a lot to Frost, that's why I love seeing it here,” Parini said of the display of the entire run of the Christmas cards now on public display at the college library through the holidays.
Frost had a decades-long affiliation with Middlebury, helping to found the Bread Loaf Writers' Conference, one of the most prestigious writers' conferences in the country. The chair Frost sat in while writing is also on display at the library, while a modern replica sits in the entrance where people can sit in it.
The cards were part of a cache of “Frostiana” donated to the college in 1961, two years before Frost's death, said Middlebury College Archivist Danielle Rougeau.
“This form, the combination of poem and form, with beautiful materials and craftsmanship and design, do something to a poem and Frost was aware of that and they thought it was important,” Rougeau said.
Dartmouth College, where Frost studied for a short time, also has a set of Frost's Christmas cards in its college library.
“Frost's cards offer an interesting insight into their personal and professional relations,” said Jay Satterfield, the Dartmouth special collections librarian. “This is the side of themselves that they wished to share with a select group of people.”
The earliest of the cards were done in 1929 by Blumenthal, who was printing some of Frost's poems and decided they would work well in their Christmas cards.
Five years later, Blumenthal teamed up with Frost and afterward distributed Christmas booklets almost every year until 1962, shortly before Frost's death.
NEW YORK — The Latest on the annual Nathan's Famous July Fourth hot dog eating contest. (all times local):
2 p.m.
Judging errors cast widespread confusion over Joey “Jaws” Chestnut's record-setting 11th title at the annual Nathan's Famous July Fourth hot dog eating contest.
Chestnut took home the Mustard Belt after downing 74 franks and buns in 10 minutes — two more than they did last year. Second-place finisher Carmen Cincotti ate 64.
But longtime announcer George Shea tells The Associated Press they noticed in real time that jurists measuring Chestnut's and Cincotti's intake weren't counting from two plates stacked with franks that the eaters were drawing from. The under-counted tally was then displayed on live TV.
Shea says both Chestnut and Cincotti were adamant about their scores, which were certified by Brooklyn District Attorney Eric Gonzalez.
They say new judges will be used next year.
——
1 p.m.
Defending champion Joey “Jaws” Chestnut chomped down a record 74 franks and buns to take home their 11th title at the annual Nathan's Famous July Fourth hot dog eating contest.
The renowned competitive eater from San Jose, California, takes home the coveted Mustard Belt and surpassed the previous mark of 72 dogs and buns they downed last year.
The heat wasn't a factor; the National Weather Service put the temperature at 83 degrees with a heat index of 91 degrees.
Miki Sudo said after eating 37 dogs and buns that the heat may have slowed them down in winning the women's competition.
That didn't stop the Las Vegas eater from easily beating out second-place finisher Mischelle Lesco of Tuscon, Arizona, who chowed down 28 wieners and buns.
——
11 a.m.
Miki Sudo (MIHK'-ee SOO'-doh) downed 37 franks to win their fifth straight title in the women's competition of the annual Nathan's Famous July Fourth hot dog eating contest.
The Las Vegas competitor fell short of the 41 hot dogs they consumed last year but still beat out second-place finisher Michelle Lesco, of Tucson, Arizona. Lesco chowed down 28 wieners and buns.
Thousands of attendees braved 83-degree temperatures and a heat index of 91 degrees to witness the annual July Fourth competition on the Coney Island boardwalk.
Ten-time winner Joey “Jaws” Chestnut will confront 20 other men during the men's competition later Wednesday for the coveted Mustard Belt.
Sudo was a fan favourite, drawing big cheers from the crowd during their performance, which was slightly delayed after they requested new water to soak them buns.
——
12:05 a.m.
It's frankly amazing.
Chowdown champions will face off Wednesday at Nathan's Famous July Fourth hot dog eating contest, where the men's record stands at 72 frankfurters and buns in 10 minutes.
Ten-time winner Joey “Jaws” Chestnut will confront 20 other men on New York's Coney Island boardwalk. They set the record last year.
Miki Sudo (MIHK'-ee SOO'-doh) is seeking a fifth women's title in a row. The 19-woman field includes record-holder Sonya “The Black Widow” Thomas.
Sudo downed 41 franks and buns last year. Thomas' record is 45, but they managed 30 last year.
The event attracts thousands of in-person spectators and is televised on ESPN.
Last year, animal rights activists tried to unfold a banner amid the crowd. Five protesters were taken into custody for questioning and released.
Here we are halfway through another week; we're that much closer to Friday! For most of us, the summer heat is really turning up (I miss winter), so why not stay inside with this evening's list of app sales? There are quite a few tonight (I hope you like the Icon Packs & Customization section), more than we usually have on a Wednesday. If you missed Monday's post, be sure to go back and check it out here.
The 10-cent weekly sales are not usually valid in the U.S. Other countries like the U.K., Russia, France, Germany, Spain, Italy, Romania, and Australia are eligible. Be sure to check if your country is included.
As always, the free apps will remain in your library unless you uninstall them within the Play Store's refund window. It's just like buying an app in that regard. And the time remaining on the sales is accurate as of this writing.
Free
Apps
Dramatic Black & White - $1.99 -> Free; 2 days left
Games
Icon packs & customization
Apps of the Week
Calculator Plus - 0.10 (or equivalent in your country) Zip Zap - 0.10 (or equivalent in your country)
Sale
Apps
Games
Icon packs & customization
BERLIN — Police say a burning bird falling from an overhead electric line set fire to a field in northern Germany that was parched by dry weather, torching some 7 hectares (17 acres) of land.
Police in the Baltic Sea port city of Rostock said witnesses reported that the bird caused a short-circuit in a railway power line and fell to the ground in flames. The neighbouring field then caught fire, and more than 50 firefighters were deployed to tackle the blaze on Tuesday evening.
Farmers in northeastern Germany have been complaining of the effects of a persistent lack of rain over the past two months.
Americans could start seeing a bump in their paychecks as early as this week thanks to the new tax legislation, but lurking in that extra $50 or $100 is the prospect of a big tax bill come April 2019 for some taxpayers.
On January 11, the IRS published revised withholding tables, which payroll administrators use as guidelines when determining how much of a worker's paycheck should be set aside to pay federal income taxes. The use of these tables is being phased in over the next couple of weeks; exactly when a worker might notice a difference in take-home pay depends on how often and when they are paid, the agency said.
“The new tables reflect the increase in the standard deduction, repeal of personal exemptions and changes in tax rates and brackets,” the IRS said in its announcement.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Tax bill kicks in: What to look for in your paycheck 1:56 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Tax professionals say the changes to how Americans' taxes are calculated are so sweeping that many people could unwittingly under-withhold if they go along with how the new tables are applied to their W-4.
“Treasury made some assumptions, and it was kind of a leap,” said Pete Isberg, vice president of government relations for payroll processing giant ADP. The IRS is in relatively uncharted territory, trying to overlay the new tax framework on top of a very different structure with its use of new withholding tables on workers' old W-4s, they said.
The IRS said that the new tables are intended to take into account the higher standard deduction, loss of exemptions and new rates and brackets,
But “the exemptions being gone and the increased standard deduction affect your withholding,” said Michele Schlereth, partner with Schlereth Tax and Accounting Group LLC. Although the IRS has tried to account for this in its new withholding tables, tax experts warn that it's a moving target.
For anxious workers there's not yet an easy formula or online calculator they can punch their situation into.
“The amount of the difference will change based on the amount paid in each check, the total annual wages, and their filing status,” Schlereth said. “I don't think there is a formula you can use that will cover all scenarios,” especially due to major changes around exemptions and deductions.
The IRS said that new W-4 forms, along with its online calculator, will be able to help taxpayers more accurately calculate their correct withholdings for the current tax year. The agency said the calculator should be available by the end of the month and said the new W-4 form should be ready “soon.”
People who don't itemize, don't have a lot of kids and have simple tax returns are the group least-likely to be significantly affected by the changes — although they are unlikely to get back a significantly larger refund than before. “It's kind of a wash,” Schlereth said. “Lower tax brackets and a higher standard deduction mean you'd get a higher refund, but you get it across the whole year in your paycheck.”
One thing it's important to note is that while the IRS is aiming to prevent over- or under-withholding, many taxpayers today deliberately choose to have more than necessary withheld in order to get a refund. (Roughly four in five taxpayers receive a refund, according to the agency.)
The IRS suggested that all taxpayers check their withholding when the updated calculator and W-4 are available. People with more complicated tax situations, such as homeowners and others who itemize, people who changed jobs over the course of the year and couples who hold multiple jobs between them, should be particularly vigilant about checking their withholdings to avoid an unpleasant surprise.
“It's great to see your paycheck increase, but you might want to talk to a tax professional,” said Michael Sonnenblick, editor and author with Thomson Reuters Tax & Accounting. This is especially important for taxpayers who itemize and take a lot of deductions. “If you live in a state that has high state and local taxes and you itemize, you'll probably be paying more taxes this year,” they said.
MANCHESTER, N.H. — The Latest on President Donald Trump and opioid drug addiction (all times local):
3:15 p.m.
President Donald Trump is declaring the need for a nationwide public relations effort to convince Americans, and particularly children, to not start using drugs.
They announced a new website — crisisnextdoor.gov — that warned of the dangers of opioids, including fentanyl. They also called for broadcasting “great commercials” during “the right shows” that demonstrate to children “how bad” drugs are.
Trump said tougher borders were needed to prevent the flow of drugs to the United States. They told the audience in Manchester, New Hampshire, that the nation needed a stronger southern border and a crackdown on sanctuary cities — including nearby Lawrence, Massachusetts — that they say supply drugs the nation's heartland.
——
2:55 p.m.
President Donald Trump says the nation “must get tough” with drug dealers, which includes utilizing the death penalty.
Trump unveiled their plan to combat the nation's deadly opioid addiction in a speech Monday in Manchester, New Hampshire, a state ravaged by the drug.
Trump said “failure is not an option” and vowed that “addiction is not our future.”
They vowed to help create “a generation of drug-free children.” And they complained that, under the current law, a dealer could sell a drug that could kill hundreds but only receive a short prison sentence.
This is Trump's first visit as president to New Hampshire. Their victory there in the 2016 Republican primary helped propel them to the nomination, though they lost the state narrowly in the general election to Hillary Clinton.
——
2:50 p.m.
Melania Trump says “real progress” is being made in combatting the nation's opioid crisis because of the hard work of doctors and nurses across the country.
They introduced President Donald Trump at an event Monday in Manchester, New Hampshire, where he's outlining more elements of their plan to combat the opioid addiction.
One element of the plan includes applying the federal death penalty to drug traffickers where applicable under current law. Raising education and awareness, and expanding access to proven treatment and recovery efforts.
Mrs. Trump spoke about their visits to hospitals and clinics that help children who were born addicted to opioids.
——
2:10 p.m.
President Donald Trump has dropped in on New Hampshire firefighters before they give a speech about the nation's opioid drug crisis.
Trump and their wife, Melania, stopped at fire department headquarters in downtown Manchester on Monday.
Eight firefighters stood in front of a truck emblazoned with “Rescue 1.”
Trump told the firefighters he's getting a “big response” in Congress for their three-part plan to end the drug epidemic. The plan focuses on education and raising awareness, law enforcement, and expanding access to proven treatment and recovery efforts. One element includes subjecting drug traffickers to the federal death penalty.
Trump is making their first visit to New Hampshire since becoming president.
——
3:00 a.m.
President Donald Trump's plan to combat opioid drug addiction calls for stiffer penalties for drug traffickers, including the death penalty where it's appropriate under current law.
Administration officials say Trump also wants Congress to pass legislation reducing the amount of drugs necessary to trigger mandatory minimum sentences on traffickers who knowingly distribute certain illicit opioids.
The president is scheduled to unveil their plan Monday in New Hampshire, a state hard-hit by the crisis. He'll be accompanied by first lady Melania Trump, who has shown an interest in the issue, particularly as it pertains to children.
Trump has mused openly in recent weeks about subjecting drug dealers to the “ultimate penalty.”
Their three-part plan includes multiple steps to raise awareness, cut the illicit drug flow and expand proven treatment options
I've drained multiple off-balance, moving corner threes as time expired with amethyst Giannis and that is all you need to know about this card.
Buy or Sell: Buy. Amethyst Greek Freak has more total attributes (3,788) stuffed into their 6'11” frame than diamond Dream Team Magic Johnson (3,773) and Patrick Ewing (3,732). And for some dumb reason, you can get them for around 40,000 MT at auction nowadays.
At least 60 inmates died during a prison riot in the northern state of Amazonas, including several who were beheaded or dismembered, Brazilian state authorities said Monday.
State public security secretary Sergio Fontes said that in addition to the deaths, some inmates escaped, but they did not say how many. Several prison guards were held hostage.
“This is the biggest prison massacre in our state's history,” Fontes said during a press conference. The riot began Sunday afternoon and lasted until Monday morning.
Two of the biggest crime gangs of Brazil began fighting last year over control of several prisons and authorities in Amazonas believe that's the reason behind the first riot of 2017.
Fontes said the inmates made few demands to end the riot, which hints at a killing spree organized by members of a local gang against those of another that is based in São Paulo.
The secretary said officers found a hole in a prison wall through which authorities believe weapons entered the building.
Fontes confirmed that many of the dead had been beheaded and Judge Luis Carlos Valois, who negotiated the end of the riot with inmates, said they saw many bodies that were quartered.
“I never saw anything like that in my life. All those bodies, the blood,” Valois wrote on Facebook.
Valois said that during the negotiations, inmates only asked “that we did not transfer them, made sure they were not attacked and kept their visitation.”
The riot ended after the inmates freed the last of the 12 prison staffers they had held hostage, Valois said.
In another prison in Amazonas, 87 inmates escaped in the first hours of Monday, Fonte said.
One of the inmates posted a picture on Facebook as they left the prison.
According to FierceWireless, Sprint CEO Marcelo Claure noted during the call that their company is working with Qualcomm to launch the first "truly mobile" 5G network in the US by the first half of 2019. This moves Sprint's original plans up a bit. In comparison, AT&T plans to launch 5G service in 12 cities this year, while Verizon has plans to do so in the second half of 2018. T-Mobile doesn't plan to roll its own 5G service out until 2020. VentureBeat also reports that Sprint will have to increase prices to $70 or $80 for unlimited 5G data, which would bring it more in line with its competitors.
Image caption The Court of Appeal found that the motion put before councillors was "temperate and legitimate"
A legal bid challenging Leicester City Council's boycott of some Israeli goods has been defeated.
The authority began boycotting goods from Israeli settlements in the West Bank after passing a motion in 2014, saying it opposed "continuing illegal occupation" of Palestinian territory.
This led to legal action from Jewish Human Rights Watch (JHRW), but the Court of Appeal dismissed their bid.
The council said the ruling "endorses" its approach.
Latest updates form the East Midlands
JHRW had argued the council's motion to boycott the goods until Israel "complies with international law and withdraws from Palestinian Occupied territories" was in breach of its obligations under Section 149 of the Equality Act 2010, which includes a requirement for authorities to "have due regard" to eliminating "discrimination, harassment [and] victimisation".
It argued the motion "singled out Israel for different treatment" compared to other countries and "failed properly or sufficiently to consider its effect on the Jewish community".
In its defence, the council argued it debated the motion before it was passed, and did comply with the requirements of the legislation.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Leicester City Council introduced a boycott of any produce originating from Israeli settlements in the West Bank
In dismissing the appeal, Lord Justice Sales said the motion recognised the state of Israel's right to exist and only condemned "certain actions" of its government.
"The condemnation was in line with a respectable body of opinion, including the UK government, the United Nations General Assembly, the European Union and the International Court of Justice," they said.
"The criticism made was temperate and legitimate."
Kamal Adatia, barrister for the council, said it was a "landmark" ruling for all local authorities.
"It recognises their fundamental right to pass motions of this nature and makes it clear that they can, like Leicester, fully comply with their equality duties when doing so," they said.
JHRW - which has not sought permission to appeal against the court's ruling and was ordered to pay the council's legal costs - described the decision as "an important victory against anti-Semitism and indeed all forms of discrimination" despite their appeal being defeated.
"The ruling brings a vital change in the law to the way in which councils can propose and discuss these controversial boycott motions," a spokesperson said.
Follow BBC East Midlands on Facebook, on Twitter, or on Instagram. Send your story ideas to eastmidsnews@bbc.co.uk.
RIYADH: The King Abdullah Center for Petroleum Research and Studies (KACPRS), Riyadh, recently concluded “Launch Your Project,” a series of 15 workshops aimed at stimulating entrepreneurship in Saudi Arabia, the Saudi Press Agency reported.The event, attended by around 8,800 people, was created in line with the National Transformation Program (NTP) 2020 and the objectives of Vision 2030 to empower youth to initiate their own projects to drive economic development. It was supported by King Abdul Aziz City for Science and Technology (KACST).The event focused on four areas, based on Vision 2030: Promising economies, innovation, competitiveness, and leadership.Itidal Al-Najim, general supervisor of “Launch Your Project,” said the event reflected the innovation of the participating entrepreneurs, concentrating on high-end technology and artificial intelligence in its interactive activities and workshops.Panel discussions offered recommendations and consultation to startups, or to those wishing to launch their own small and medium enterprises (SMEs), they added.The three joint winners of the event's “Future Star” platform will feature at this year's Gulf Information Technology Exhibition (GITEX) in Dubai.Al-Najim added that they hope the initiative will become the first stop for anyone looking to launch a startup in the Kingdom, and described “Launch Your Project” as an “important step” in helping to develop local SME projects by 2030.She said the initiative seeks to be the first station in launching any startup project in the Kingdom in its capacity as an important step to empower and develop SME projects in the region by 2030.
The report of the shooting at 24th and Market was received at 4 p.m. (Source: Daniel Paxton, WAVE 3 News)
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) - One person is being treated after a shooting has been wounded in a shooting.
MetroSafe says Louisville Metro police were called to S. 24th and Market streets at 4 p.m. Arriving officers found one man wounded.
DOWNLOAD OUR APPS
+ News app: Apple | Android
+ Weather app: Apple | Android
The victim was taken to UofL Hospital by Metro EMS. The extent of their injuries is not immediately known.
This story will be updated.
Copyright 2018 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
The elderly residents of a Motherwell care home are discovering the benefits of Tai Chi ... with a little help from some young friends.
Parksprings Home in Motherwell invited Morag McDade, a trainer from Dr Paul Lam's Tai Chi for Health Institute, to give their residents a weekly class.
Most residents have very limited mobiity, some have Alzheimer's disease and others suffer depression.
When Rosie Brennan took up their post as activity co-ordinator at the care home, they wanted to find something that would give the residents appropriate physical and mental stimulation, in addition to relaxation and social stimulation.
And, after some research, they felt that Tai Chi for Health sessions might just fit the bill, which is when Morag came along.
They said: “The first sessions went very well.
“Some residents were a little reticent or self-conscious at first but it was wonderful to see them beginning to join in intermittently with even one or two of the movements as the weeks passed.
“Some napped on and off during the session but joined in each time they woke up!
“The warm-ups were very popular and it was wonderful to see their enthusiasm, participation and alertness develop week by week.”
After a few weeks, a new dimension was added to the sessions – Rosie felt that inviting local nursery children to join in would make even more of an impact.
Firstly, a group of children from FirTrees Nursery went along, with three nursery staff members.
More recently, children and staff from Forgewood Nursery have also been involved and the children joined in with the first half hour of each class.
Rosie Brennan, who suggested the project, could not be more pleased with the results.
They said: “It's been absolutely amazing! The residents really love the children being there and the wee ones love coming along.
“The children are helping the residents and the residents are helping the children – it's just working so well.
So well, in fact, that the care home has acquired funding from the Motherwell Consortium to make sure that the project will continue until October next year, at the very least.
There is now research into how much of a physical difference the sessions are making to the clients at the care home.
“The care inspectorate is very keen to promote physical activity – it's a case of if you don't use it you lose it!” said Rosie.
“In everything we do, we're trying to keep them active because that promotes a better quality of life.
“It can help promote well being and also boosts their confidence and happiness!”
Bringing the children along has worked out every bit as well as Rosie hoped it would – and they had high hopes to begin with.
“It's always been great to get children involved. You see how much grans and grandads are part of their children's lives – when you go into a care home, you don't have as much contact, so we try to bring children in as much as we can.
“The children are often a little bit nervous at first but that soon disappears and they are very comfortable.
“It's great to see – and they all work together doing the tai chi, which is brilliant.
“Dr Paul Lam has heard about it and is delighted – he's been telling people all over the world about how great it is what we're doing at Parksprings!”
Morag, too, has been delighted with the results.
They said: “At every weekly session, the children's lovely, bright energy immediately has a very positive effect on the older participants.”
The sessions start with refreshments for everyone, something that gives the two groups the chance to settle and say hello to one another prior to the Tai Chi session.
Morag added: “There is lots of happy chatter and we have gentle music playing to create a tranquil and happy environment for everyone.
“The ‘Big People' are then asked if they will help by showing the children some of the Tai Chi that they themselves have been practising, while the children are given the important job of helping me to check that the older class members are carrying out the movements properly.
“From the very first session, each group has more than risen to the task.
“The children are encouraged to join in and copy the movements and, so far, there have been no disputes!”
Trump and first lady Melania Trump inspected hurricane damage in Puerto Rico last week. Them omboard the USS Kearsarge. AP
All season long, we camped, backpacked, paddle boarded, and hiked our way through the Pacific Northwest to find the best new outdoor gear for the first annual Digital Trends Outdoor Awards. After pushing each contender to the limit, we crowned our favorite products for Cooking, Sleeping, Trekking, Recreation, Unwinding, and a special award for Innovation. And we're giving away one of every winning product, so enter our contest!
Innovation as it relates to the outdoor industry wears a number of different hats. For something like a backpack, innovation might look like a smarter design, such as the addition of a secret compartment or a strap setup capable of evenly distributing weight. For a mountain bike, it might mean a new material for extra strength and lighter weight. While advances like these are certainly welcome, we dug deeper to find gear that fully typifies inventiveness in the industry. To do so, we sifted through a variety of creative outdoor gear from dozens of companies to answer the question, “how can innovation make the outdoors more enjoyable?”
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Winner
Thermacell Backpacker mosquito repeller
Though the products we tested from GoalZero and MSR proved beneficial to our camping experience — the Yeti 1400 power bank and TrailShot, respectively — Thermacell's Backpacker Mosquito Repeller has innovation mastered perfectly. As its name suggests, the Backpacker actively repels mosquitoes and does so in a lightweight, minimal package. Capable of burning up to 90 hours on a single 4-ounce gas canister, even the longest of camping trips can remain bug-free with this device.
Perhaps its best feature is the fact it doesn't just defend against armies of annoying bugs across a small patch of one's campsite, instead, it sets up a 15 by 15-foot area of protection. This proved especially useful during our testing, as it allowed us to move the Backpacker all over our campsites, creating bug-free zones wherever we moved to. It's worth pointing out that the device doesn't work instantaneously as it requires a few minutes to set up the parameter.
The Tech: Backed entirely by its own unique technology, Thermacell's Backpacker Mosquito Repeller leans on a natural repellent to ward off annoying insects. Thermacell infuses its repellent mats with alletherin — a synthetic version of the repellent found in chrysanthemums — which activates when exposed to heat from a butane canister. By directing the canister's heat toward repellent mats inserted on a metal grill on the device, it's capable of emitting the chemical into the air, thus establishing the 15- by 15-foot area of bug repellent. Additionally, its integrated Piezo starter, which uses high pressure electric charges for ignition, requires just one or two clicks to begin directing the heat.
Adding to its versatility is that Thermacell designed the Backpacker for use with traditional butane/propane gas canisters, meaning we didn't need to hunt down a hard-to-find fuel source. Many camp stoves require this same fuel, so chances are high anyone who even casually camps should have one of these already present in their kit. We used the same canister over several trips, which made it even more cost-effective than it already is; Thermacell sells the Backpacker Mosquito Repeller for just $40.
Because it's compact and lightweight, it's not out of the question to bring the device on backpacking trips. We used it primarily for car camping outings but considering the fact it weighs a feather-like 4 ounces, it shouldn't be confined to these kinds of excursions. Furthermore, the replaceable bug mats — which the gas canister helps heat to create the bug-free parameter — didn't take up much space, fitting perfectly in any side pocket or Dopp kit we brought along.
A no-brainer for anyone who hates swatting bugs out of their face while camping, Thermacell's innovative Backpacker Mosquito Repeller easily made our camping trips more enjoyable, and became an instant staple of our quiver of gear from the moment we started using it.
Runners-up
Having access to clean, drinkable water is one of — if not the — most important essentials for any amount of time spent outside, be it camping, backpacking, or just simply hiking. Because packing jugs of water add a considerable amount of weight to anyone's pack, one must get creative in planning for access to consistently clean water. Enter MSR and its innovative pocket-sized water filter dubbed the TrailShot. Comprised of a small pump attached to a hose/drinking straw, MSR's inventive water filter is an utter blessing for any kind 0f outdoor enthusiast. During our time spent with the device, it didn't matter if we only had access to a small stream, we were able to drink (and store) filtered water with ease. By simply sticking the straw end of the TrailShot in a source of water — lake, river, stream, etc. — anywhere from eight to 10 pumps is all that's required to fill up the small water reservoir. Don't worry about any sort of fatigue, either, the hand pump (which houses the reservoir) is made of a soft rubber that's not only easy to grip but comfortable to use time and again. Though drinking from the reservoir's spout gives off a touch of a rubbery taste, it's more than worth it to know the water you're drinking is filtered and clean. At just $50, MSR's TrailShot removes 99.99 percent of bacterias, protozoa, and particulates, allowing us to rest assured we remained healthy and hydrated.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Where a summons is issued to someone outside the UK it must have 'proof of service'
Convictions from summonses posted to people in the Republic of Ireland could be unlawful.
That's according to Mr Justice John Meehan who made their remarks following two recent cases where residents of the Republic of Ireland attended their court.
They said their summonses did not have legal standing as they did not have "proof of service".
This is a certificate from, or on behalf of, the relevant Secretary of State.
Judge John Meehan criticised the Public Prosecution Service (PPS) for ignoring a ruling from 2012 known as the Gallagher judgement.
'Exercised their right to leave the court'
They said: "It is my duty to ensure the law is applied.
"Both PSNI and PPS have been repeatedly told the posting of summonses in these circumstances does not comply with the agreed treaty," they added.
The Public Prosecution Service (PPS) said serving summonses to people outside of the UK is "a complex matter".
A spokesperson said: "We agree it is important that there is consistency in the disposal of these cases at court and are currently considering all avenues open to us to ensure this."
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Judge John Meehan believes the PPS is ignoring legislation on conviction summonses
The 2012 Gallagher judgement draws attention to Article 157 of the Magistrates Courts (NI) Order.
It states that "any summons, notice or other process lawfully issued in connection with any proceedings before a magistrates court, may be served in any part of Northern Ireland, upon the person to whom it is addressed."
In the Gallagher case Judge Meehan ruled that the summons conviction posted to a resident in the Republic of Ireland had no legal effect as it was not accompanied by a certificate from the Secretary of State.
The issue has come to light following the release of a new summary judgement by Judge Meehan on 25 May.
Dealing with 32-year-old Donegal man David Spence from Castle View, Raphoe, Judge Meehan advised that the PPS had "misrepresented" the position by posting the summons, and also by claiming their licence could be suspended when there was no power to make this assertion.
Mr Spence had been accused of driving without due care and attention in Dungannon on 3 December 2017.
When told if the case continued and if they were convicted there would be a fine and penalty points, Mr Spence exercised their right to leave the court.
'Your rights must be fully respected'
Two days later, in the same court, the scenario was repeated and Judge Meehan commented further on the potential ramifications of both continuing the practice and the convictions and penalties applied to date.
Fifty-year-old Kenneth Toner, of Gerards Way, Cardonagh appeared in Dungannon district court accused of driving without insurance at Old Dungannon Road, Ballygawley on 29 January 2018.
When it was established the proper criteria had not been followed, Judge Meehan told Mr Toner, "Your rights must be fully respected. It is indeed unfortunate the PPS seek to avoid compliance with legislation."
Judge Meehan told Mr Toner the letter which they had received from the PPS "commanded" them to attend court when there was no power to do so.
Asked if they wished to remain or simply leave, Mr Toner replied, "I'll leave. Thank you."
'Driving a coach and horses through the treaty obligations'
Addressing the prosecutor, Judge Meehan said, "I continue to repeat, the Gallagher judgment stands and is being disregarded.
"Most concerning is the fact other courts are convicting in these circumstances when the PPS continues to issue summonses by post in breach of the agreed treaty.
"This means all convictions in all courts in which summonses were served by post to Republic of Ireland residents could be void.
"All fines, disqualifications, endorsements, and penalties in each circumstance are also voided.
"The practice is driving a coach and horses through the treaty obligations - a very unhappy situation for all concerned."
Former “Sex and the City” co-star Cynthia Nixon says she'll challenge Gov. Andrew Cuomo in New York's Democratic primary in September. Michael Sohn AP
BANGKOK: Six years ago, Somsak “Pai” Boonkam drew up a plan with two villages in northern Thailand for tourists to stay with local families and immerse themselves in hill-tribe culture. The aim was for the villagers to see some financial benefit from their country's multi-billion-dollar tourism industry.
Pai was sure it would be a hit with tour operators in Bangkok — but they were wrong. “They weren't even interested to go and inspect the places,” they said.
That pushed the former engineer, now 34, to set up Local Alike, a travel consultancy that promotes sustainable tourism in 70 villages.
“I grew up in the same situation where there weren't many economic opportunities, so it attracts me to work for the people,” said Pai, who lived with their grandparents in a village in northeast Thailand until they were eight while their parents traveled in search of laboring work.
A growing number of young Thai entrepreneurs like Pai are getting involved in activities that have traditionally been the domain of the government and development groups — from providing water in remote communities to helping coffee farmers earn a fair income.
This new generation of business owners believes running companies that invest in tackling social and environmental causes is a better way to help than relying on donors' whims.
“There are so many problems in Thailand that need to be solved,” said Pai. “I see (this as) the new pattern of doing business — doing good while making money.”
Half of Local Alike's business units are now financially sustainable and it runs a development fund that supports local projects, they said.
Thailand's transformation to an upper-middle-income country in less than a generation has lifted millions out of poverty, but inequality and deprivation persist.
Over 80 percent of Thailand's 7.1 million poor people live in rural areas, and an additional 6.7 million are just above the poverty line, according to the World Bank.
The Southeast Asian nation of 66 million also faces serious challenges of environmental degradation and resource depletion caused by mass tourism, pollution, generation of waste and intensive farming, experts say.
Aliza Napartivaumnuay, 34, grew up in Kolkata, Rome and Seattle before moving back to Bangkok. They spent nearly a decade working in the retail supply chain before co-founding Socialgiver more than two years ago.
The online business offers deals on leisure services, including hotel rooms, restaurant tables and spa packages. The proceeds fund social and green projects, such as reforestation, children's education and hospital beds for poor patients.
The idea was not to set up a business that spoke only to people who already care about such issues.
“We wanted to create something more inclusive and approachable by offering services users are accustomed to spending on,” said Aliza.
Many trace the birth of social enterprise in Thailand to the establishment in 1974 of Cabbages and Condoms, a successful Bangkok restaurant that funds sexual health education and provision.
But the concept only started gathering pace a few years ago, with incubators such as Change Fusion fostering start-ups.
Now there are businesses that enable blind children to learn to use a special drawing board, or that train and employ people with disabilities. Others support widows and orphans affected by the conflict in southern Thailand, and use IT to help health professionals and charities develop mobile apps.
There are between 5,000 and 10,000 organizations in Thailand that fit the social enterprise model, said Nuttaphong Jaruwannaphong, director of the Thai Social Enterprise Office (TSEO).
Saks Rouypirom, 39, opened Broccoli Revolution, a trendy restaurant serving vegan, mostly organic food to help fund their non-profit Sati. Its projects include installing water filters in northern villages in partnership with US-based Planet Water Foundation.
“Sati means ‘mindfulness' so it's about being mindful of problems and solutions,” said Saks, who buys mushrooms for their restaurant from a street-child shelter and kale from farmers to whom they have provided the seeds.
“Being a business owner, you can make a conscious decision to support these causes,” added Saks, who was born and raised in the United States.
Still, for all the excitement about their potential, social enterprises face multiple challenges in Thailand, including a lack of regulation and limited access to finance.
It was “very difficult” to get investors on board to set up Local Alike, when they were told they would not see all the profits, said Pai. They received support from Change Fusion and entered business competitions to win funding.
In Thailand, companies seeking certification as social enterprises cannot pay more than 30 percent of their profits in the form of shareholder dividends, said TSEO's Nuttaphong.
When Ayu “Lee” Chuepa wanted to help coffee farmers in their community earn a fair income, they had a hard time convincing villagers to work with them due to their youth and inexperience.
“My mother said that is to be expected. So I asked, ‘If you weren't my parents, would you have joined me?'. They said, ‘Of course not. Are you crazy?'” they recounted, laughing.
Things have since improved. The Stock Exchange of Thailand, for example, now has an online platform that promotes investment in social enterprises.
But the public perception that such businesses offer lower-quality products still needs to be tackled, experts say.
“Since the beginning, I didn't want to sell our products by making people feel pity. I want them to buy because they're good,” said Lee, who belongs to the Akha ethnic minority.
 They are now building their third branch of Akha Ama Coffee, with help from architects at Jai Baan Studio, another social enterprise that uses local resources and nature in its designs.
Lee hopes the division between social and traditional businesses will fade with time. “I want everyone in the world to be a social entrepreneur, doing good,” they said.
BANGKOK: Six years ago, Somsak “Pai” Boonkam drew up a plan with two villages in northern Thailand for tourists to stay with local families and immerse themselves in hill-tribe culture. The aim was for the villagers to see some financial benefit from their country's multi-billion-dollar tourism industry.
Pai was sure it would be a hit with tour operators in Bangkok — but they were wrong. “They weren't even interested to go and inspect the places,” they said.
That pushed the former engineer, now 34, to set up Local Alike, a travel consultancy that promotes sustainable tourism in 70 villages.
“I grew up in the same situation where there weren't many economic opportunities, so it attracts me to work for the people,” said Pai, who lived with their grandparents in a village in northeast Thailand until they were eight while their parents traveled in search of laboring work.
A growing number of young Thai entrepreneurs like Pai are getting involved in activities that have traditionally been the domain of the government and development groups — from providing water in remote communities to helping coffee farmers earn a fair income.
This new generation of business owners believes running companies that invest in tackling social and environmental causes is a better way to help than relying on donors' whims.
“There are so many problems in Thailand that need to be solved,” said Pai. “I see (this as) the new pattern of doing business — doing good while making money.”
Half of Local Alike's business units are now financially sustainable and it runs a development fund that supports local projects, they said.
Thailand's transformation to an upper-middle-income country in less than a generation has lifted millions out of poverty, but inequality and deprivation persist.
Over 80 percent of Thailand's 7.1 million poor people live in rural areas, and an additional 6.7 million are just above the poverty line, according to the World Bank.
The Southeast Asian nation of 66 million also faces serious challenges of environmental degradation and resource depletion caused by mass tourism, pollution, generation of waste and intensive farming, experts say.
Aliza Napartivaumnuay, 34, grew up in Kolkata, Rome and Seattle before moving back to Bangkok. They spent nearly a decade working in the retail supply chain before co-founding Socialgiver more than two years ago.
The online business offers deals on leisure services, including hotel rooms, restaurant tables and spa packages. The proceeds fund social and green projects, such as reforestation, children's education and hospital beds for poor patients.
The idea was not to set up a business that spoke only to people who already care about such issues.
“We wanted to create something more inclusive and approachable by offering services users are accustomed to spending on,” said Aliza.
Many trace the birth of social enterprise in Thailand to the establishment in 1974 of Cabbages and Condoms, a successful Bangkok restaurant that funds sexual health education and provision.
But the concept only started gathering pace a few years ago, with incubators such as Change Fusion fostering start-ups.
Now there are businesses that enable blind children to learn to use a special drawing board, or that train and employ people with disabilities. Others support widows and orphans affected by the conflict in southern Thailand, and use IT to help health professionals and charities develop mobile apps.
There are between 5,000 and 10,000 organizations in Thailand that fit the social enterprise model, said Nuttaphong Jaruwannaphong, director of the Thai Social Enterprise Office (TSEO).
Saks Rouypirom, 39, opened Broccoli Revolution, a trendy restaurant serving vegan, mostly organic food to help fund their non-profit Sati. Its projects include installing water filters in northern villages in partnership with US-based Planet Water Foundation.
“Sati means ‘mindfulness' so it's about being mindful of problems and solutions,” said Saks, who buys mushrooms for their restaurant from a street-child shelter and kale from farmers to whom they have provided the seeds.
“Being a business owner, you can make a conscious decision to support these causes,” added Saks, who was born and raised in the United States.
Still, for all the excitement about their potential, social enterprises face multiple challenges in Thailand, including a lack of regulation and limited access to finance.
It was “very difficult” to get investors on board to set up Local Alike, when they were told they would not see all the profits, said Pai. They received support from Change Fusion and entered business competitions to win funding.
In Thailand, companies seeking certification as social enterprises cannot pay more than 30 percent of their profits in the form of shareholder dividends, said TSEO's Nuttaphong.
When Ayu “Lee” Chuepa wanted to help coffee farmers in their community earn a fair income, they had a hard time convincing villagers to work with them due to their youth and inexperience.
“My mother said that is to be expected. So I asked, ‘If you weren't my parents, would you have joined me?'. They said, ‘Of course not. Are you crazy?'” they recounted, laughing.
Things have since improved. The Stock Exchange of Thailand, for example, now has an online platform that promotes investment in social enterprises.
But the public perception that such businesses offer lower-quality products still needs to be tackled, experts say.
“Since the beginning, I didn't want to sell our products by making people feel pity. I want them to buy because they're good,” said Lee, who belongs to the Akha ethnic minority.
 They are now building their third branch of Akha Ama Coffee, with help from architects at Jai Baan Studio, another social enterprise that uses local resources and nature in its designs.
Lee hopes the division between social and traditional businesses will fade with time. “I want everyone in the world to be a social entrepreneur, doing good,” they said.
LITTLE ROCK, Ark. — The Arkansas Supreme Court has halted the executions of two men originally scheduled to be put to death Monday night, putting another legal roadblock in place in Arkansas' plan to conduct eight executions before the end of April.
Justices granted the stays Monday afternoon for Don Davis and Bruce Ward. The inmates wanted stays of execution while the U.S. Supreme Court takes up a case concerning access to independent mental health experts by defendants. The U.S. high court is set to hold oral arguments in that case April 24.
Related: Arkansas Judge Barred from Ruling on Executions After Showing Up at Protest
The inmates' attorneys say they were denied access to independent mental health experts. They've argued that Ward has a lifelong history of severe mental illness and that Davis has an IQ in the range of intellectual disability.
Related: Arkansas Executions: First Two Men Scheduled to Die Push for Delay
Arkansas' supply of one key execution drug expires April 30. A federal judge has also stayed the executions on different grounds, and the state has appealed that ruling.
MPO Chair Commissioner Jean Monestime talks with the Miami Herald editorial board
Metropolitan Planning Organization (MPO) Chair Commissioner Jean Monestime talks about goals for the planning board, which is charged with transportation planning for the county with the Miami Herald editorial board.
CHANDLER, Ariz. — An Arizona man who sold ammunition to the gunman who carried out the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history was charged Friday with manufacturing armor-piercing bullets, according to court documents.
Unfired armor-piercing bullets found inside the Las Vegas hotel room where Stephen Paddock launched the Oct. 1 attack had the fingerprints of ammunition dealer Douglas Haig, according to a criminal complaint filed in federal court in Phoenix. It says Haig didn't have a license to manufacture armor-piercing ammunition.
Haig has acknowledged selling 720 rounds of tracer ammunition to Paddock in the weeks before the shooting that killed 58 people. Tracer bullets contain a pyrotechnic charge that illuminates the path of fired bullets so shooters can see whether their aim is correct.
The criminal charge involves another type of ammunition — armor-piercing bullets.
The documents don't say if any ammunition tied to Paddock was used in the attack. Las Vegas police wouldn't say whether armor-piercing bullets were used in the shooting but referred to a preliminary report saying some rifle magazines were loaded with armor-piercing ammunition.
Haig, a 55-year-old aerospace engineer who sold ammunition as a hobby for about 25 years, was charged 35 minutes before holding a news conference where they said they didn't notice anything suspicious when they sold the tracer rounds to Paddock.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Ammo dealer who sold to Las Vegas shooter speaks out 1:01 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Haig told investigators that when Paddock bought the ammunition at their home in suburban Phoenix, Paddock went to their car to get gloves and put them on before taking the box from Haig, the complaint said.
“I had no contribution to what Paddock did,” Haig told reporters earlier Friday, adding that there was nothing unusual about the type or quantity of ammunition the shooter bought. “I had no way to see into their mind.”
A phone message left for Haig's attorney, Marc Victor, wasn't immediately returned.
The two armor-piercing bullets found in Paddock's hotel room with Haig's fingerprints had an “incendiary capsule” on their noses, the documents said. A forensic analysis of those two bullets had tool marks consistent with the equipment in Haig's backyard workshop, according to the complaint.
It also alleges that FBI agents searching Haig's home on Oct. 19 found armor-piercing ammunition.
The complaint said Haig sold such bullets in more than 100 instances to customers across the United States, including Nevada, Texas, Virginia, Wyoming and South Carolina.
They appeared in court Friday and was released under the condition they not possess guns or ammunition. If convicted, they could face up to five years in prison and a fine as high as $250,000.
Haig and their business partner, whose name wasn't provided, sold 40 to 50 rounds of incendiary rounds to Paddock in late August at a Las Vegas gun show, according to the complaint.
The next month, Haig said they met Paddock at a Phoenix gun show and that they were well-dressed and polite.
They didn't have the quantity of tracer ammunition on hand that Paddock was seeking, so Paddock contacted them several days later and lined up a sale at Haig's home.
Haig said they were shocked and sickened when a federal agent informed them of the massacre 11 hours after it unfolded.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Rebuilding normal: Mass shooting survivors' journey of recovery 4:03 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Haig's lawyer said they held the news conference in a bid to protect their reputation after they were revealed earlier this week to be a “person of interest” in the investigation. Haig's identity emerged by mistake after their name was not redacted in court documents.
A law enforcement official previously told The Associated Press that investigators don't believe Haig had any involvement or knowledge of the planned attack when they sold ammunition to Paddock. The official wasn't authorized to discuss an ongoing investigation and spoke on condition of anonymity.
Haig arose in the investigation when a box with their name and address was found in the Mandalay Bay hotel suite where Paddock opened fire on a music festival below.
They gave the box to Paddock to carry the 720 rounds of tracer ammunition from the sale.
Haig said Paddock told them that “he was going to go out to the desert to put on a light show, either with or for their friends. I can't remember whether they used the word ‘with' or ‘for.' But they said that they were going out at night to shoot it with friends.”
Haig, who has closed their ammunition business , said they have received unwanted media attention and death threats since their name was released.
The FBI didn't immediately respond to a request for comment. The U.S. Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives referred questions to the U.S. attorney's office in Las Vegas, which declined to comment.
LIMERICK is in line for a jobs boost after the way was cleared for Mr Binman to develop a new waste facility on the Dock Road.
The firm is planning to create 30 permanent roles and 100 temporary construction jobs as part of its multi-million euro project which will transform a portion of land on the city's edge.
Limerick City and County Council gave the proposal the green light earlier this year, but this was appealed to An Bord Pleanala.
However, the sole appelant has withdrawn their complaint, leaving Mr Binman – which trades under the name Valcroft – clear to proceed.
Around 90,000 tonnes of waste are set to be handled yearly at the four-acre site, near the M7 entrance.
“We're delighted with the outcome of the planning process, as we want to strengthen our business and create a positive impact on the local Limerick economy.
"The development which has been granted permission will allow Mr Binman base all its operations off one site, and will incorporate offices, maintenance garages and modern recycling facilities,” said Joe Cleary, the sales and marketing director of Mr Binman.
According to the firm's plans, the development will take place in two stages: phase one will see a 1,180 square metre administration building, a civic amenity area and associated office, with the second part bringing a modular waste transfer building with a floor area of 5,102 square metres.
Initially 40 groups and individuals lodged objections to the project, including the Brothers of Charity and residents associations in Grange, Inis Lua and Sli na Manach.
Their concerns centred around rodent control and odour problems, which may emanate from the plant, at a key entry to the city.
However, only one individual formally referred the matter to An Bord Pleanala.
Mr Cleary played down any fears over the environment, adding: “It is to be located on appropriately zoned industrial land and significant work was undertaken to assess potential environmental impacts of the development and the business and its advisors are happy there are no adverse impacts.”
For such a small platform, there are a surprising number of different Android Wear watches on the market. Traditionally non-techy brands like Michael Kors, Diesel, and Tag Heuer all sell smartwatches powered by Google's wearable OS. Nixon is one of those brands, and now offers its Mission watch with stainless steel bands.
The Mission with its plain-jane silicone band was already a pretty handsome watch, but its chiseled face didn't match the rather dainty strap. However, the stainless steel models, dubbed the Mission SS, seem to have fixed that. The bands, which come in black, silver, and gold to match the watches' faces, are described by Nixon as "custom 23mm solid stainless steel free-swing 3 link bracelets" with "solid stainless steel double locking clasp[s]." They definitely enhance the Mission's appearance, making the whole thing look and feel more rugged. Unfortunately, opting for the stainless steel band loses the option to use the cool Moto Maker-esque customization tool (which cost $50 extra for the standard Mission).
As far as we can tell, Nixon actually began selling the Mission SS in August, but nobody noticed the addition. But if you're interested, a Mission with a stainless steel band will run you an extra $25, making it $425 in total. That's a lot for an Android Wear watch, but if you were already going to spend $400 on a regular Mission, the extra $25 for this much nicer band is a no-brainer. You can check international pricing by going to the top left of Nixon's site and selecting your region and country, but the Mission SS is £389 in the UK and €450 in most of Europe.
A Republican on the Senate intelligence committee says Russian internet trolls are using the controversy over NFL players kneeling during the national anthem to stir up unrest in the United States.
Sen. James Lankford of Oklahoma said Wednesday that the Russian troll farms were hashtagging "take a knee" and "boycott NFL" to amplify the issue. They said the effort involved "taking both sides of the argument" to increase divisiveness in the country.
Earlier this month, Facebook acknowledged hundreds of fake accounts, probably run from Russia, spent about $100,000 on ads aimed at stirring up divisive issues such as gun control and race relations during the 2016 U.S. presidential election.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Trump Denies Being More Occupied With NFL Than Puerto Rico 0:58 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Lankford on Wednesday referenced what they called "the Russians and their troll farms and their internet folks” spreading dissent over the controversial protests during a hearing of the Senate Homeland Security and Government Affairs Committee.
"They were taking both sides of the argument this past weekend, and pushing them out from their troll farms as much as they could to try to just raise the noise level in America and to make a big issue seem like an even bigger issue as they're trying to push divisiveness in the country," Lankford said.
Related: Trump 'Kneel' Attack Gives Their Base Reason to Stand
"We've continued to be able to see that, we will see that again in our election time," they said.
Lankford also asked acting Homeland Security Secretary Elaine Duke if the department has the resources it needs to do on-site assessments of voting security for any state that requests it before the 2018 midterm elections.
Duke said that the department does have the resources, but not all states have asked for federal assistance yet.
The leaders of House Intelligence Committee's investigation into alleged Russian interference in the election said Wednesday it will hold an open hearing with tech companies in October "in order to better understand how Russia used online tools and platforms to sow discord in and influence our election."
Over the weekend, players and even some coaches and owners around the NFL took a knee during the national anthem, stood locked arm-in-arm, or didn't emerge for "The Star-Spangled Banner" after President Donald Trump in vulgar terms called for players who kneeled during the anthem to be "fired."
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed What NFL Fans Think Of Players Taking a Knee 1:30 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Trump made their comments at a campaign rally for Sen. Luther Strange in Alabama, and further inflamed tensions with athletes by calling out the NBA champions Warriors' Stephen Curry on Twitter and withdrawing an invitation for a White House visit. Strange lost Tuesday's runoff in a landslide.
Several NFL team owners and NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell called Trump's comments divisive, and some owners called them "offensive."
The recent phenomenon of NFL players sitting or kneeling during the anthem was started last year by then San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick, who said they were taking a knee to protest police brutality against black people and racial injustice in general. Kaepernick is now an unsigned free agent.
Sen. James Lankford, R-Okla. speaks to reporters on Capitol Hill on Aug. 18, 2017 in Washington. Manuel Balce Ceneta / AP file
Trump at the Friday rally in Huntsville also suggested that the players were being penalized too often for making aggressive tackles in which players "hit too hard."
Over the past several seasons, the NFL and college football have increased penalties and enforcement for illegal hits to the head and for hitting defenseless players. A July report on 202 former football players found evidence of a debilitating brain disease linked to repeated head blows in nearly all of them.
Video
Some stories you might have missed.
This video has been optimised for mobile viewing on the BBC News app. The BBC News app is available from the Apple App Store for iPhone and Google Play Store for Android.
A man charged with killing five people at a mall in Washington state last year was found dead in their jail cell in an apparent suicide, authorities said Monday.
Arcan Cetin, 20, was discovered hanging Sunday evening, said Rosemary Kaholokula, chief criminal deputy prosecutor for Skagit County.
They were being held in neighboring Snohomish County, where they were awaiting the results of a mental competency evaluation.
The Snohomish County Sheriff's Office, which runs the jail, said in a news release Monday that a 20-year-old inmate had been found unresponsive, and that efforts to revive the prisoner failed. The death is under investigation, the statement said.
Investigators say Cetin shot a teenage girl, a man and three women in a department store at Cascade Mall in Burlington, 65 miles north of Seattle, on Sept. 23. Authorities captured them about 30 hours later near their apartment and said they confessed during police interviews but did not explain why they did it.
The family of victim Chuck Eagan said in a written statement they were shocked by the death.
“We pray that the man repented to God before their death,” the statement said. “While this event puts to rest our fear of their release, we harbor no ill will towards Mr. Cetin or their family and pray for their comfort as we know all too well the pain of grief.”
Cetin had been charged with aggravated murder, which can bring the death penalty, but they had not entered pleas pending mental evaluations. Their attorney did not immediately return a message seeking comment.
The 20-year-old had a history of violent behavior toward their family and ex-girlfriend. Cetin's stepfather, David Marshall, said the family had been trying to get Cetin help for mental health issues.
According to police reports, Cetin had told their ex that their father was connected to “bad people in Turkey.” Asked during interviews whether their Turkish relatives had ties to terrorist groups, Cetin said no. They also said they didn't have any contact with those relatives.
They said they had watched beheadings by the Islamic State group online but considered such terrorist actions wrong.
Asked if ISIS had inspired the mall killings, Cetin responded, “I can't answer that,” police wrote.
The shootings were captured on surveillance video. The victims were Sarai Lara, 16, and Shayla Martin, 52, both of Mount Vernon; Eagan, 61, of Lake Stevens; Belinda Galde, 64, of Arlington; and Galde's mother, Beatrice Dotson, 95, of Kingsport, Tennessee.
Mauricio Gonzalez, uncle of Juventino Mata-Hernandez, the worker who fell to their death last week at the Legacy Union building site, talks about their nephew and their skepticism about the results of the pending investigation.
At least six dead in Mogadishu restaurant suicide bombing
At least six people were killed after a suicide car bomber targeted a popular restaurant in the Somali capital Mogadishu on Wednesday evening, security officials said.
“The suicide bomber drove a car loaded with explosives into the building,” said Ali Mohamed, a police official, identifying the target as the Posh Treats restaurant.
Security official Abukar Mohamed said there were “six people killed and several wounded” adding that the operation to clear the building was ongoing late Wednesday night with security forces having cordoned off the area.
Witness Abas Ahmed, who was at another nearby restaurant when the explosion happened, described seeing “the dead bodies of several people and others who were injured.”
The Shabaab, an al-Qaeda aligned militant group that launches regular suicide attacks in the capital against civilian, government and military targets, claimed responsibility for the bombing via its Radio Andalus broadcaster and said that its gunmen had afterwards stormed the restaurant compound.
Islamist attacks often increase in tempo during Ramadan and Wednesday's bombing came in the evening after the breaking of the fast when mosques and restaurants are busy.
Posh Treats, a relatively new restaurant in an affluent part of the capital, is particularly popular with young and diaspora Somalis.
The Shabaab has been fighting for the last decade to overthrow successive internationally-backed governments in Mogadishu and has also launched attacks in Kenya and Uganda, both contributors to a 22,000-strong African Union force in the country.
Although pushed out of the capital in 2011 the group still controls parts of the countryside where a drought threatens to tip into famine this year.
The post At least six dead in Mogadishu restaurant suicide bombing appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Image copyright Family photo Image caption John Haughey died in Hull Royal Infirmary after drinking the hand sanitiser
The family of a man who died after drinking hand sanitiser in hospital has won an undisclosed five-figure sum in damages from a NHS trust.
John Haughey, 76, drank more than half a litre of the gel while in a confused state at Hull Royal Infirmary in 2015.
The substance contained 75% alcohol - equivalent to consuming a litre of gin.
Hull and East Yorkshire Hospitals NHS Trust admitted it had failed to reach the standard of care it wanted but had since taken "robust action".
Live updates and more stories from East Yorkshire and northern Lincolnshire
Diane Atkin, one of Mr Haughey's daughters, said: "How can you just unscrew a top on something that's so dangerous to drink?
"I don't know what they thought they were drinking, whether they thought they were drinking water... but they managed to drink it all."
Image caption Diane Atkin said the hand gel "was an accident waiting to happen"
The settlement was agreed after a medical negligence claim, according to Hudgell Solicitors.
The trust did not dispute its liability, the solicitors said.
Since Mr Haughey's death, the trust has introduced lockable, wall-mounted dispensers and issued staff with personal supplies of hand cleanser, the trust said.
Mr Haughey, from Hull, was admitted to hospital with a history of confusion, according to a report from Prof Paul Marks, the senior coroner for East Riding and Hull.
The pensioner consumed the hand wash on Ward 80 on 6 September 2015.
They developed acute alcohol poisoning but their airway was not protected for seven hours in the hope the effects of the alcohol would wear off, the report said.
The 76-year-old later developed bronchopneumonia on both lungs and died six days later, Prof Marks found.
The coroner sent the report to health bodies including NHS England in April saying "action should be taken to prevent future deaths".
Sir Bruce Keogh, NHS England's medical director, has since highlighted the latest NHS guidance on the need for detailed risk assessments where gels are placed around vulnerable patients.
Two sisters, pictured, have been charged with burning and disfiguring a 5-year-old girl as part of a Voodoo ritual to cleanse them of evil spirits. FOX 25
TAMPA, Fla. (WFLA) — It's the first full week of back to school and we want to share some of our favorite photos from your family's collection.
It's the first day of school for students in Pasco, Sarasota and Hernando Counties.
Some are a little nervous to be starting school, so some siblings are sticking together today and others are riding solo.
Hopefully, everyone is getting a good breakfast in this morning with some chocolate milk mustaches.
Thanks so much for sharing your family moments with us, you can see more of them below.
Back to school kicks off for Pasco, Sarasota and Hernando Counties View as list View as gallery Open Gallery
Amazon Prime Video. The name may be quite the mouthful, but it might just be the safest entry into on demand TV. Free for Amazon Prime customers (if you have free delivery, you probably have Prime), the streaming service is investing big in original TV series – oh, and some bloke called Jeremy Clarkson...
But before jumping into a subscription, what do you need to know? Here's a quick guide to Amazon Prime Video, from how much it costs to what you get for your money.
What is Amazon Prime Video?
Prime Video is a streaming TV service from online shopping company Amazon. Launched in 2014, it allows Prime members to watch TV via an internet connection, without having to download. If you're using a tablet or mobile device, you can also download episodes to watch later – handy if you're a binge-watching commuter.
Slightly confusingly, there's also a service called Amazon Video (not Prime), which is basically an online video rental/buying service like iTunes, where you can pay for individual TV episodes, whole series or movies. It can be annoying arriving at a series you like the look of only to discover it isn't included in your Prime subscription – but you quickly get a feel for what's included and what comes extra.
How much does Amazon Prime Video cost in the UK?
If you sign up for Amazon Prime, you sign up for a whole bundle of services, from free next day delivery, music streaming service Amazon Music, as well as, of course, TV series and films. Prime membership costs £79 a year, or £7.99 a month.
Netflix's original series may have made the most noise early on, but Amazon have scored some surprising successes too with original content not available anywhere else. Sharp US comedy drama Transparent became the first ever online series to win a Golden Globe in 2014, while cult comic book series Preacher with Dominic Cooper is already becoming a slow burning success.
Amazon is also the only place to watch US series such as time-travelling drama Outlander, as well as Golden Globe-winning hacking drama Mr Robot. The service is also starting to invest in original British series too, first saving Ripper Street from the BBC axe.
What else is coming soon on Amazon Prime Video?
Amazon is betting the farm on a multi-million, multi-year deal with former Top Gear presenters Jeremy Clarkson, Richard Hammond and James May. Their new car show, The Grand Tour, is pitching up in a different location each week, with a run of 12 episodes planned for the first series alone.
The series airs from Friday 18th November.
Want to know what the other options are?
Read our guide to Netflix, and check back for more information on every on demand TV service currently available.
Two agriculture researchers at Kansas State University have received federal fellowships totaling $246,660 to study issues that affect local and worldwide food systems.
Kevin Dorn, associate scientist in plant pathology, was awarded a two-year $151,660 postdoctoral fellowship to uncover key genes that underlie the difference between annual and perennial plants — a finding that could lead to the development of new perennial grain crops while improving the environment. Caroline Ylioja, doctoral student in animal science, Canada, was awarded a two-year $95,000 predoctoral fellowship to study strategies that could improve the health of replacement dairy animals and their lifetime milk production.
The Agriculture and Food Research Initiative fellowships were awarded through the Food, Agriculture, Natural Resources and Human Sciences Education and Literacy Initiative of the U.S. Department of Agriculture-National Institute of Food and Agriculture.
“K-State's global reputation for leadership in plant and animal science is a direct result of our ability to attract bright people like Kevin and Caroline,” said John Floros, dean of the College of Agriculture and director of K-State Research and Extension. “It's pleasing to see them learning and doing meaningful research that affects not only the Kansas economy but also has worldwide impact.”
Dorn's research project aims to shed light on the mechanisms underlying some crops' perennial growth cycles and inform long-standing efforts to perennialize major annual crops like wheat. They also will help in the development of new perennial crops like intermediate wheatgrass. This project builds upon Dorn's ongoing research of intermediate wheatgrass genomics, which they and their adviser, Jesse Poland, assistant professor of plant pathology, are exploring in collaboration with The Land Institute and several other academic partners.
“Modern agriculture is facing the grand challenge of feeding a growing population while preserving irreplaceable ecosystems,” Dorn said. “Perennial crops offer a unique solution to this challenge, as they can provide a source of food, fuel and fiber with the added benefit that they don't need to be replanted every year. By keeping living roots in the ground year-round, perennials help restore soil health and protect our waterways from pollution.”
Dorn has presented the research twice at the Plant and Animal Genome in San Diego, California.  They are the author and co-author of related manuscripts that were published in Elementa, Crop Science and the Annual Review of Plant Biology. Other research they conducted has been published in a variety of journals and presented at many conferences, including the Next Generation Scientists Conference in Norwich, England; the Nara Institute of Science and Technology's Department of Plant Biology Seminar in Ikoma, Japan; and other venues. They have received numerous awards and scholarships, including a National Science Foundation Graduate Research Fellowship.
“In this work, we are approaching some very novel areas of agriculture, with improving perennial species as new sustainable grain crops,” Poland said. “While that is a large and difficu lt task, there are some huge potential benefits for the environment and sustainable production. Kevin is making excellent contributions to this challenge by addressing some of these complex genomics questions and applying that understanding to crop improvement.”
Ylioja's research project concerns colostrum, which is the first milk a cow produces for its calf after giving birth. Typically, the quality of colostrum is measured by its antibody levels, but Ylioja proposes additional strategies, such as assessing the presence of molecules that carry messages between cells, organs and tissue to boost immunity.
“Any way we can help make calves healthier and prevent disease will be beneficial both for the health of the cattle and for our milk supply,” Ylioja said. “Ideas that may benefit our food production systems or the sustainability of our agriculture systems are worth pursuing.”
An artist as well as a scientist, one of Ylioja's illustrations and a manuscript they coauthored were published last year in the Journal of Dairy Science. Ylioja has presented at Kansas State University's Research and the State and at the Capitol Graduate Research Summit in Topeka, where they received a $500 award. Also, they have been a recipient of the Nunemacher Scholarship through the College of Agriculture. Ylioja is a member of the American Dairy Science Association and the animal sciences and industry department's Graduate Student Association. Them advisor is Barry Bradford, professor of animal sciences and industry. Them mentor is Laman Mamedova, research assistant professor of animal sciences and industry.
“Caroline's innovative research takes a different approach to improving the resilience of dairy cattle to disease, which could aid in both increasing milk production and enhancing animal health,” Bradford said. “Caroline stands out for their ability to learn complex concepts very quickly while also being able to work with any type of person. Them combination of logical and emotional intelligence is rare and extremely valuable.”
On the annual list of consumer gripes compiled by the Wisconsin Department of Agriculture, Trade and Consumer Protection, telemarketing is No. 1.
Source: GreenBayPressGazette.com
News At Other State Sites:
1
WISCONSINREPORT.COM (WiscReport.com) is not affiliated with Wisconsin Government or any state agency, department, entity, or other website or printed publication with Wisconsin in it's name. Established in 2002, we operate completely independent from political parties and other forms of outside influence. Our Mission is to report the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth. We are WiscReport on Twitter and Facebook. A Morbizco Internet Media online publication. – WisconsinReport.com.
Learn More about WisconsinReport.com.
This is a happy story about a passion for Thoroughbreds, racing, and breeding. Sara Collette planned the mating between their homebred stallion Xenodon and homebred mare Jordani that resulted in the 2010 chestnut colt, Zanclus, named for a gorgeous fish by their ichthyologist husband, Bruce Collette. On May 5, Zanclus won the Virginia Gold Cup, their third consecutive triumph this season.
Their first start took place in the Rokeby Challenge Bowl, 3½ miles over timber, at the Piedmont Foxhounds Point-to-point on March 24. Zanclus, piloted by Darren Nagle, crossed the line a good 12-lengths in front of Old Timer, winner of the previous year's running. Will O'Keefe summed up the performance on centralentryoffice.com: “Zanclus was impressive running and jumping on the front and was never challenged.”
Spectacularly impressive. A minor injury kept Zanclus from racing in 2017 but proved no problem when they put in another season as a field hunter with Orange County Hounds. Their trainer Neil Morris is a Master of Foxhounds, so they and their horse are right up at the front of the first flight. Lots of timber horses go hunting because it's great training and builds endurance – a fun mixture of slow, standstill, and go-like-blazes when hounds are in full cry. Leading the hunt probably sharpened Zanclus' competitive nature as they like to set the pace.
“Zanclus is turning into a good field hunter,” said Sara. “He's learned to make good executive decisions racing, based on their experiences in the hunting field.”
Their second outing on April 14 was their first sanctioned meet, the $30,000 My Lady's Manor Timber Stakes (3 miles), again with Nagle in the irons. Zanclus bested the field of six by 25¼ lengths “showing no signs of rust after more than a year on the sidelines” as Don Clippinger phrased it in their NSA race report. With two starts and two wins to their credit, Zanclus was proving they had the caliber to contend for the Virginia Gold Cup.
For the big race, Zanclus was reunited with their regular jockey, Kieran Norris, 2016 NSA champion jockey (races won). Zanclus cruised to an early lead and held it throughout the Gold Cup's testing 4-mile course, crossing the finish line almost four lengths in front of Michael Smith's Le Chevalier, trained by Julie Gomena. Irvin S. Naylor's Super Saturday finished third, one length in front of their Ebanour, winner of the last two Gold Cups.
Sara and Bruce capped an already brilliant day at Great Meadow with a second trip to the winner's circle when their homebred Eryx won the 8th and final race on the card, the $35,000 Virginia Sired or Bred Flat. Nine horses went to the start of the 1¼-mile contest and Eryx, under Kieran's guidance, prevailed by a nose over Bruce and Edie Smart's Officer's Oath.
This all got underway back in 1977 when the Collettes moved to Pageland Farm in Casanova. Bruce (Ph.D. Cornell) is a dedicated ichthyologist (he names the foals after fish) and senior staff member at the Smithsonian Institute; their work was honored in 2014 with the Nelson Lifetime Achievement Award. Sara used to ride to hounds with Casanova Hunt on a wonderful palomino gelding named Midas who was worth their weight in gold. Sara's first homebred was born in 1984 and became their foundation mare: Melantha, by Vast Empire out of Flower Bow, by *Zabeg.
The Collettes have three full brothers in training: Zanclus (2010), Balistes (2012) and Eryx (2014). The concept is to breed the best to the best and hope for the best, but you never know what you're going to get. Sara's program tends to produce big – as in 17-hands-plus big – equine athletes endowed with ground-eating strides. But being super-sized can mean they require more time to reach full maturity, physically and mentally.
The Collettes had already bred a two-time Gold Cup winner, Salmo (1996) by Northern Baby out of Melantha by Vast Empire. But their homebred won for Naylor, who bought Salmo in time to win their debut over timber at a Maryland point-to-point, then going on to harvest the 2007 and 2009 Gold Cups.
On May 5, the dream came tre for Sara and Bruce and they experienced the full blast of priceless glory as Zanclus, bearing their green silks with white circling dolphins, showed their great heart and galloped into the record books. They also harvested the lion's share of the $100,00 purse for the Virginia Gold Cup.
When asked if they had special plans for the money, Sara said, “I'm going to pay off their mother's vet bill from their last foaling.”
Zanclus is blissfully unaware of their equine family's financial needs. He's a horse, after all, currently enjoying some time off. No plans have been made, but you can bet, come fall, that they will be hunting and/or racing. It's in their blood.
For information on steeplechasing and point-to-point:
www.nationalsteeplechase.com
www.centralentryoffice.com
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The EU's customs union means members charge the same tariff on goods coming from other countries
The UK has set out the "ambitious new customs arrangement" it wants to secure with the EU after Brexit.
Ministers said the plans would mean the "freest and most frictionless possible trade" with the rest of Europe.
This could include a "temporary customs union" after Brexit to prevent border problems as the UK leaves the EU.
Businesses have called for clarity since the UK said it was leaving the customs union - the EU's tariff-free trading area - as part of Brexit.
Countries in the customs union don't impose tariffs (taxes on imports) on each other's goods.
Members also agree to impose the same external tariffs on goods from other countries.
So, for example, a 10% tariff is imposed on some cars imported from outside the customs union, while 7.5% is imposed on roasted coffee.
Other goods - such as soap or slate - have no tariffs.
The UK's departure from the EU's customs union was confirmed at the weekend in a joint article by Chancellor Philip Hammond and Trade Secretary Liam Fox.
'Streamlined' border
According to the newly-published government paper, the UK could ask Brussels to establish a "temporary customs union" after it leaves the EU in March 2019.
But during this period, it would also expect to be able to negotiate its own international trade deals - something it cannot do as an EU customs union member.
Once this period expires, the UK will look to agree either a "highly streamlined" border with the EU, or a new "partnership" with no customs border at all.
The government said the interim arrangements would mean businesses would only have to adjust once to the new arrangements.
All of this will have to be negotiated with the EU - and the two sides have not yet even started discussing trade matters.
Other obstacles - including the size of the UK's "divorce bill" - need to be agreed first.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Brexit Secretary David Davis (left) and the EU Commission's Michel Barnier are leading the negotiations for the two sides
BBC political correspondent Ben Wright said the UK government was "straining to show that it does have a route-map for Brexit".
They said ministers were also attempting to "subtly" put the issue onto the negotiating table sooner than Brussels wants.
EU negotiators have previously said they want to settle the UK "divorce bill" with the EU and the issue of the movement of people before discussing trade.
"They want to hustle EU negotiators into talking about trade much sooner than Brussels intends," our correspondent said.
Cabinet divisions
The customs union document is the first of a series of papers to be published by the UK government on key negotiation issues.
On Wednesday it is expected to set out proposals for the border between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland.
The government, which has faced accusations that cabinet divisions are hampering its negotiations, said the publications reflected the "huge body of work" done since the UK voted to leave the EU in June 2016.
As well as collecting duties, customs checks include enforcing environmental and health and safety rules, cracking down on counterfeit goods, and checking "certificates of origin" saying where items have come from.
FILE - In this Thursday, Sept. 28, 2017, file photo, patients lie in their beds at a hospital in Catano, Puerto Rico. The U.S. Food and Drug Administration says drug shortages are possible because of expected long-term power outages in Puerto Rico. FDA Commissioner Dr. Scott Gottlieb said in a statement Friday, Oct. 6, 2017, that the agency is working to prevent shortages of about 40 medicines. They didn't name the medicines involved. Ramon Espinosa AP
Why it matters to you Netflix put together an impressive team both in front of the camera and behind it for this upcoming series.
Netflix generated a lot of buzz a year ago when it announced plans for an ensemble series with Keegan-Michael Key (Key & Peele) and Cobie Smulders (How I Met Your Mother), and now that series has its first trailer.
The full trailer for Friends From College offers the first look at the show's core cast, which also includes Person of Interest and As the World Turns actor Annie Parisse, Academy Award winner Nat Faxon (The Descendants), Fred Savage (The Wonder Years, The Grinder), and Jae Suh Park (The Mindy Project).
The series follows a group of six friends who attended Harvard University together and are now facing the impending arrival of their 40s and the difficult task of balancing their adult lives with nostalgia for their college years. As the trailer indicates, the series features no shortage of romantic entanglements and reluctance to embrace maturity among its characters, who each deal with the growing divide between their college days and current lives in different ways.
Along with the series' impressive cast of comedy regulars (along with some cameos from well-known comedy actors), the project also has an accomplished eye for humor behind the camera, too. The series is executive produced by Nicholas Stoller, who directed recent comedy hits Neighbors (as well as its sequel, Neighbors: Sorority Rising), Forgetting Sarah Marshall, and Get Him to the Greek. Stoller co-wrote the series with their wife, Francesca Delbanco, and also directed all eight episodes of the first season.
Given that Stoller and Delbanco attended Harvard together, there is likely to be a wealth of first-hand experiences at play in the show, which was filmed in New York City over the past year.
The first, eight-episode season of Friends From College premieres July 14 on Netflix.
[December 11, 2017] New Website Segment on Fukushima Environmental Remediation Updates Content, Offers Overseas TV Shows Produced with MOEJ Cooperation
TOKYO, Dec. 11, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- The Ministry of the Environment, Japan (MOEJ) has added a new segment to its website on radioactive decontamination in Fukushima Prefecture, introducing broadcast programs and events produced with the MOEJ's cooperation. The main purpose of the new website segment is to promote the understanding of progress in Fukushima's environmental recovery among people residing outside Japan. (Images: http://prw.kyodonews.jp/opn/release/201712068777/?images) The MOEJ cooperates with the production of select broadcast programs aired overseas to help widely communicate correct information on Fukushima and eliminate misconceptions about the area. The ministry has added this new website segment to allow users to view such programs, free of charge. Specifically, the MOEJ has so far cooperated with the production of certain programs aired mostly in Southeast Asia on Discovery Channel and CNBC Asia Channel Japan. To access the new website segment, follow one of the two links below:
- English site
(http://josen.env.go.jp/en/movie_publication/cooperation_index.html)
- Japanese site (http://josen.env.go.jp/movie_event/)
- YouTube (Discovery: English)
(https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S-pl_MaRngI&feature=youtu.be) (Outlines of the programs)
- Discovery Channel
-- Program title: Fukushima Diaries
-- Program outline: The 30-minute show was produced by Discovery Channel, the world's leading documentary channel, with the MOE's cooperation, and was broadcast throughout the Southeast Asian region and Japan, together containing some 27 million viewing households.
In the show, three loggers from overseas each visit a different destination within Fukushima Prefecture following their respective interests. They report discoveries and moving experiences they have had respectively in Fukushima. Their themes are varied, including (1) comprehensive conditions of environmental remediation, (2) tourism and food, and (3) technological innovation and development. - CNBC ASIA (Channel Japan)
-- Program outline: The documentary series of four 15-minute episodes on diverse topics related to Fukushima's environmental recovery was developed and produced by TV-U Fukushima (TUF). The series features key persons who have led Fukushima's environmental recovery and reconstruction moves in their own respective fields. Watching the stories of their professional and personal commitments, viewers will see great progress in those moves, as well as appreciating the prefecture's appeals as seen from the respective key characters' expert viewpoints.
-- 3rd & 4th episodes and Highlights version will be broadcast sequentially. Contents
- Episode 1: How Did Foreign Students Feel About Fukushima?
The storyteller featured in this episode is William McMichael, Assistant Professor, Fukushima University International Center. McMichael covered up close the 21 students from abroad attending the 12-day Fukushima Ambassadors Program held in August 2017 to tell the story of changes in their thoughts and feelings during their stay.
- Episode 2: Meeting Challenge of Revitalizing Fukushima by Younger Generation
Riken Komatsu and Hiroshi Motoki, both leading local efforts to revitalize Iwaki City, Fukushima, are the two storytellers of this episode. Komatsu talks about UDOC, an alternative multipurpose space they opened in May 2011, and the Sea Lab where fish caught close to the Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant are tested for radioactive concentration. Meanwhile, Motoki discusses the Tomato Theme Park -- Wonder Farm, a unique facility they opened in 2016 by combining agriculture and tourism. As they talk, both express positive thoughts about Fukushima's future. - Episode 3: Creating a New Fukushima by Robotics
Characters featured in this episode are Koki Watanabe and Yuna Yasura, both engaged in robotics. Watanabe is developing underwater robots capable of moving freely deep in the ocean and exploring narrow passages, while Yasura wearable robots (muscle tools) to assist people's motion function, both at their local companies in the Hamadori district, Fukushima. The episode focuses on their dedicated professional efforts, as well as their dreams and shared belief that for Fukushima's true reconstruction, vibrant local industries are necessary to support the local economy. - Episode 4: Record of Research as a Physicist in Fukushima for 6 Years - Ryugo
Hayano -
Ryugo Hayano, Professor Emeritus at the University of Tokyo, has been involved energetically with Fukushima as a "nuclear physicist who acts" since the calamitous disaster. This episode presents a wide range of Dr. Hayano's achievements related to recovery from the disaster, including the tweets they began as an expert immediately after the disaster hit, their tests of the Fukushima people's exposure to radiation and related research, their development of a whole-body radiation counter for children, their joint research with local high-school students and their vigorous communication of related information for audiences both within Japan and without. View original content:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/new-website-segment-on-fukushima-environmental-remediation-updates-content-offers-overseas-tv-shows-produced-with-moej-cooperation-300569418.html SOURCE Ministry of the Environment, Japan
[ Back To TMCnet.com's Homepage ]
Holders Real Madrid were drawn against Paris St Germain in the standout tie from yesterday's Champions League soccer last-16 draw and Barcelona will take on Chelsea.
Real, bidding for a 13th title and third in a row, finished runners-up in their group and paid the price with an extremely tough draw against the big-spending Parisian club.
And Cristiano Ronaldo's Real Madrid will continue their bid for a first European Cup treble in 40 years against Neymar's Paris Saint-Germain after the big-spending duo were yesterday drawn together in a mouth-watering Champions League last 16 clash.
No club has won the European title three years running since Bayern Munich in the mid-1970s, underlining how big an achievement it would be if Madrid – 12 times winners overall – won the trophy again in the final in Kiev in May.
They know exactly what it takes to be European champions, and in Ronaldo have the most prolific goal-scorer in the competition's history.
Last season's runners-up Juventus will meet Tottenham Hotspur, one of five English clubs in the draw.
Runaway English Premier league leaders Manchester City, who have never won Europe's biggest club prize, will face Swiss club Basel.
Five-times winners Bayern Munich were drawn with Turkish outsiders Besiktas, Manchester United take on Sevilla and Liverpool will meet Porto.
AS Roma's reward for winning their group was a two-legged tie against Ukraine's Shakhtar Donetsk. The first legs take place on February 13-14 and February 20-21 with the returns on March 6-7 and March 13-14.
Emilio Butragueno, a Real Madrid director and former striker, regretted that one of the favourites (Real Madrid and PSG) would be eliminated so soon in the competition.
“For the potential of the two teams, luck has worked out this way and one of the two teams will be out at the last 16 stage, which we think is a bit soon taking into account they are two of the contenders for the title,” Butragueno told BeIN Sports Spain.
PSG made waves in the transfer market in the close season when they signed Brazilian star Neymar for a world-record 222 million euros ($261.5 million), followed closely by great French hope Kylian Mbappe, who will cost 180m euros when their loan deal becomes permanent next summer. – Reuters.
0:45 Cam Newton makes young fan's wish come true Pause
2:03 Steve Smith hosts annual Lace Up Son Family 5K
0:45 New Year's Eve in uptown Charlotte
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
0:52 Shoppers seek sales at area malls
5:49 Fayetteville police rescue woman and child from car trapped in flood waters live on Facebook
4:15 Roy Cooper sworn in as NC governor minutes after midnight
1:45 Should 16- and 17-year-olds be in solitary confinement?
4:57 HB2 repeal deal - What happened?
When asked how it feels to be nearly 106, Annie Atkins smiles and says ‘I can still jump over the moon'.
And that typifies the spirit of the centenarian, who was born and bred in Ixworth and has lived in the village all their life.
George and Harriet Atkins, Annie's parents
Annie, who was born on October 8, 1911, married Claude Atkins in 1937. They had a son, Graham, and now they are grandmother to Karen and Kay, and great-grandmother to Olivia, Cameron, Holly and Callum.
Them memories of the village over the years are so vivid they have given talks to children at the primary school and can remember all the shops no longer in existence.
“Really, truly, Ixworth had such a lot more shops once,” they said. “Down the road, at the bottom of the High Street, my uncle used to make bread and deliver it and there was a hat shop where I used to buy my mother's hats. Some of the shops I remember were Clarkes, the Co-op, Theobalds, Mr Cousins and Charlie Pearson.”
Annie also remembers travelling to Bury St Edmunds for the Wednesday market on a horse and cart driven by Mr Radford.
Claud and Annie Atkins with their son Graham
They lived in the High Street for many years before moving to a bungalow 23 years ago, where they still live independently.
 They are well known in the village for supporting the Royal British Legion and selling poppies from the age of 17 until they were no longer able. Annie also has fond memories of attending and even opening the village fete, while they were involved in the Over 60s club for many years – and still enjoys the occasional game of bingo there.
Them daughter-in-law Olwyn said: “When they go down the Over 60s Club now they treat them like a queen.”
During World War Two, Annie worked at Ridleys, in Abbeygate Street, Bury.
Annie Atkins in their younger days
“I used to give the rations out and grind coffee,” they said. “It was jolly hard work getting all the tiny rations together. I used to be a bit wicked and give some people something they shouldn't have.”
Annie also worked at Ixworth Middle School as a dinner lady for many years.
When asked the secret to long life, Annie said their dad told them ‘fill your belly and keep warm, my girl', while they said a daily breakfast of egg and bread and butter, a round of bread and marmalade and a cup of tea, as well as a drop of brandy in their milk before bed, were also the recipe for good health.
Annie will mark their special day with a meal at the village's Greyhound pub, which might be followed by a family game of bingo.
WWE Network
If you can manage to remember all the way back to NXT TakeOver: Dallas during WrestleMania 32 weekend, you'll recall that human murder machine Asuka broke every human's heart when they choked Bayley into unconsciousness to capture the NXT Women's Championship. Since then, it's just be a steady stream of Asuka head-kicking fools into the stratosphere, and she's still never lost a match since coming to NXT.
NXT and WWE announcer Tom Phillips tweeted on Sunday night that Asuka just put themselves into the record book at the longest-reigning NXT Women's Champion of all time.
Congratulations to @WWEAsuka, who today becomes the longest reigning @WWENXT Women's Champion ever — Tom Phillips (@TomPhillipsWWE) January 2, 2017
But that's only partially true. Given the nature of NXT airing on tape delay, Asuka had in fact held the belt for 275 days as of Sunday. The inaugural NXT Women's Champion, Paige, won the belt on the July 24, 2013 episode of NXT television and vacated it on April 24, 2014 … a reign of 274 days. But the episode of NXT on which they won the belt was taped on June 20, 2013. So Paige actually literally held the title for 308 days, even though their reign “officially” began being recognized out in the open starting on July 24, 2013.
Got all that? Cool. Of course, it's incredibly likely that Asuka will hold onto the championship for another 33 days, passing Paige's literal record as well (both of which, I must note, will trump Nikki Bella's much-touted 301-day reign as WWE Divas Champion), but for now, WWE says she's the longest-reigning women's champ in NXT history. Certainly nothing to sneeze at.
And boy, it really doesn't seem like it's been that long at all, does it? Weird what happens when you're not reminded every single week that there's a big milestone coming up for a champ.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Image copyright Getty Images
Fees for the burial or cremation of a child are to be abolished in Scotland.
The Scottish government and the council body Cosla agreed to remove all local authority charges to inter anyone under the age of 18.
Most councils in Scotland currently do not charge burial or cremation fees for those under the age of 16.
The Scottish government said it would provide funding of £500,000 to cover the cost. The change brings Scotland into line with England.
The move has been welcomed by the Church of Scotland, which said it was time for a Scotland-wide approach to the issue.
'Different ages'
Rev Dr Richard Frazer, convener of the church and society council said: "The funeral of a loved one can place a significant and unexpected burden on the friends and family they leave behind.
"While there is still more to be done, this policy should mean that fewer people will turn to pay day loan companies, credit cards and other sources of funding when making arrangements for the funeral of their child."
Communities Secretary Angela Constance said the Scottish government had been "actively looking for some time" at ways of supporting bereaved parents.
They added: "Most local authorities do not charge child burial and cremation fees but the picture across Scotland is a mixed one, as local authorities introduce adult burial and cremation charges at different ages across the country.
"We agree with Cosla that no family should have to pay to bury or cremate their child."
Councillor Elena Whitham from Cosla said councils had a long-standing commitment to waiving or discounting charges for children's funerals and cremations.
They said: "It is truly awful to have to manage the burden of a funeral or cremation for a child. We are acutely aware that none of us plan for the financial costs because we don't expect it to happen to our families."
Video
Why one man killed another, and the impact the murder had.
This video has been optimised for mobile viewing on the BBC News app. The BBC News app is available from the Apple App Store for iPhone and Google Play Store for Android.
10 NFL veterans on the roster bubble
Training camp presents a bit of a mixed bag for NFL players. Every team enters the season with the potential to go on and win the Super Bowl, which is a good feeling. But before the regular season begins, players have to fight for jobs. Making an NFL roster is extremely difficult as even veterans are not safe from being cut.
Each year there are countless surprises when final cuts come through and teams break camp. Here's a look at 10 NFL veterans who are on the roster bubble and in danger of potentially being cut, released or traded.
10. Geno Smith, QB, New York Giants
When the Giants initially signed Geno Smith, the move came as a surprise to many. But despite inking a one-year deal, Smith's spot on the 53-man roster is far from guaranteed. In fact, they find themselves in an uphill battle, working to overcome a torn ACL while needing to beat out fellow quarterback Josh Johnson, who has experience in the Giants' offensive system.
After having selected California quarterback Davis Webb in the third-round of the 2017 NFL Draft, the Giants will have only one spot available to back up iron-man quarterback Eli Manning.
Smith, who was a second-round pick of the New York Jets in 2013, never materialized for Gang Green and has been widely considered a bust. However, on the other side of town, Smith has embraced their situation and worked hard this offseason to revitalize their career and prove he's worthy of another chance in the NFL.
So far in training camp, Smith has looked healthy and, at times, quite capable. However, they haven't completely separated themselves from Johnson and will remain very much on the bubble throughout camp and the preseason.
9. Graham Gano, kicker, Carolina Panthers
Graham Gano has been the Panthers' kicker since 2012, but their struggles in 2016 were well-documented. They made only 78.9% of their field goal attempts — their lowest mark as a Panther — and missed six field goals from over 40 yards. They also failed to convert on three point after attempts.
In response to Gano's struggles, Carolina did something they had never before done in their history: they selected a kicker in the NFL Draft.
The Panthers snatched up Harrison Butker in the seventh round, which isn't considered a throw-away pick. Although he's since been fired, general manager Dave Gettleman values every pick and uses them on players they believe will help the team.
Although Gano embraces the training camp competition, it's the first time he's faced legitimate heat as a Panther. He'll need to win the kicking job outright or he'll be given a pink slip on cut-down day.
8. DeAngelo Hall, FS, Washington Redskins
In 2015, DeAngelo Hall switched from full-time cornerback to safety for the Redskins, which was done to prolong the 33-year-old's career. However, after suffering a torn ACL in 2016, Hall has now missed 31 of the last 48 regular season games. Add in that he's got a salary cap hit of $3.11 million (dead cap of only $812,500) and it's a potentially rough situation for the veteran.
The Redskins also signed D.J. Swearinger and moved Su'a Cravens from linebacker to safety, further boosting competition at the position. The competition includes Will Blackmon, who has served as their primary backup.
Given that Hall is relatively inexperienced at the position, is oft-injured and comes at a fairly high cost, they could be on the hot seat. As it stands, Hall opened up camp on the PUP list. If he's not able to come back healthy, perform well during the preseason and beat out some of the younger players, their future could be in jeopardy.
7. Kyle Fuller, CB, Chicago Bears
Kyle Fuller was a first-round pick of the Bears in 2014 and appeared in 32 games (30 starts) over their first two seasons, recording 119 tackles (98 solo), three interceptions and 19 passes defensed. However, they missed the entire 2016 season after having their knee scoped and fell out of favor with the team's new coaches/front office.
This offseason, Chicago went to work on their secondary, adding projected starters Prince Amukamara and Marcus Cooper. They also declined Fuller's fifth-year option.
The Bears may owe Fuller a $1,740,954 guaranteed salary in 2017, but they may not be with the team much longer. He's essentially lost their starting job, does not appear to be in the team's plans for the future, and is now a lame duck at their position.
If Fuller does not come out and perform well in both training camp and the preseason, it's possible the Bears cut them loose. But even if they do play solidly, Chicago could look to trade him.
6. Ryan Mathews, RB, Philadelphia Eagles
Ryan Mathews is a rather obvious addition to this list given that their release is already expected. However, with training camps underway and the preseason in its early stages, Mathews has hung onto a roster spot, ironically, because of an injury.
Because Mathews is still nursing a herniated disc in their neck — an injury suffered in Week 16 of last season — the Eagles can't afford to release him. If released now, they would count for more than $1.1 million against their limited cap space.
Although Mathews would have a dead cap hit of $1 million is released while healthy, it makes more sense for the Eagles to wait until they can pass a physical — which is exactly what they're doing.
With the additions of veteran LeGarrette Blount and rookie Donnel Pumphrey, coupled with a total cap hit of $5 million this season, it's clear that when Mathews is finally healthy enough to play, he'll no longer be an Eagle.
5. Brandon Bolden, RB, New England Patriots
The Patriots are never shy about cycling through their roster to find the right fits and ideal role players, and that often leads to the release or trades of unexpected players.
One such player in 2017 could be running back Brandon Bolden, who has managed to carve out a niche role in each of the last five seasons. However, with the additions of Mike Gillislee and Rex Burkhead, as well as James White being a roster lock, Bolden could be the odd man out in New England.
Bolden is coming off their least productive season with the Patriots, having been given only a single rushing attempt in 2016, and would have to beat out both Dion Lewis and D.J. Foster to potentially earn themselves a roster spot.
With a salary cap hit of only $695,000, a decision on Bolden certainly won't be financially motivated. But that's unlikely to be a saving grace for the NFL veteran.
4. Carlos Hyde, RB, San Francisco 49ers
Seeing Carlos Hyde's name here might come as a bit of a surprise to many, but as the 49ers look to continue their intensive rebuild, it's entirely possible they want to go with a younger player.
Hyde still has a lot to offer, but they joined San Francisco three head coaches ago. And throughout the offseason, head coach Kyle Shanahan and general manager John Lynch seemed lukewarm on them at best. Add in that the team traded up in the fourth round of the NFL Draft to select Joe Williams, and it would seem they have a specific plan in mind.
Shanahan has been especially high on Williams, and early reviews on the former Ute have been relatively positive. That's not to say the cost-effective Hyde hasn't stood out themselves — they have — but like some other veterans on this list, the writing may be on the wall for Hyde.
Hyde may have the best chance at sticking of anyone on this list, but their seat is a bit warmer than some may realize.
3. Sammie Coates, WR, Pittsburgh Steelers
In the literal minutes after the Steelers selected USC wide receiver JuJu Smith-Schuster in the second-round of the 2017 NFL Draft, Martavis Bryant hit Twitter to let the world know that Smith-Schuster was Sammie Coates' replacement.
Coates played it off like a joke, but Bryant didn't appear to be joking. And given that Antonio Brown, Bryant, Eli Rogers and Smith-Schuster are all roster locks, there is little wiggle room for Coates and the others vying for a position.
On the plus side, Coates showed what they could do over the first five games of last season, hauling in 19 receptions for 421 yards and two touchdowns, but then it was all downhill from there. Hand and finger injuries limited Coates to only two receptions for the remainder of the regular season, and with a dead cap hit of only $157,881 in 2017, they are susceptible to being cut.
At the end of the day, Coates is in a “play well this preseason or else” scenario. They will legitimately have to earn themselves a spot on the 53-man roster, and after missing the start of camp after having their knee scoped, they face an uphill battle.
2. Jamaal Charles, RB, Denver Broncos
Jamaal Charles may have been a big-name acquisition for the Broncos this offseason, but the one-year, $1,000,000 contract is proof that he's not being relied upon to come in and start.
Still, Charles will compete with C.J. Anderson for carries and provides Denver some security if things don't go according to plan throughout training camp and the preseason. But should Anderson rebound after a torn meniscus ended their 2016 season, Charles' cup of coffee could run dry quickly.
In addition to Charles and Anderson, the Broncos also have Devontae Booker and sixth-round pick De'Angelo Henderson in the mix.
Charles suffered a torn ACL in 2015 and then had a setback in 2016, which led to a second consecutive season-ending surgery. They had also previously suffered a torn ACL in 2011. Simply put, Charles' health always makes their status a concern.
1. Brock Osweiler, QB, Cleveland Browns
When the Browns traded for Brock Osweiler and a second-round pick in March, the belief was that they would turn around and attempt to trade them right back out of town. It was either that, and likely eat their guaranteed $16 million salary, or release him.
To date, neither of those things have materialized. For now, Brock seems to be sticking in Cleveland.
Osweiler's future remains to be seen, but it's obvious they are walking on very thin ice. And as well as they performed in mini-camp, much of the first-team work went to Cody Kessler and rookie second-round pick DeShone Kizer.
Still, Osweiler was tabbed the team's starting quarterback for their preseason opener, and they seem to want to take things slowly in developing Kizer. But if Kizer keeps looking good, they could force Cleveland's hand, thus making Osweiler expendable.
The family of a woman killed in a road accident in Wattisfield at the weekend have paid tribute to them – describing them as ‘the kindest and gentlest soul you could ever hope to meet'.
Police were contacted just before 3.55pm on Saturday to reports of a two-vehicle collision involving a black Ford Mondeo and a black Hyundai Getz on the A143 Bury Road, approximately 160 yards south of the Townhouse Lane junction.
Joan Cawcutt, of Brockdish, who died in a road accident in Wattisfield on Saturday, December 9.
Joan Cawcutt, aged 80, who lived in Brockdish, was a passenger in the Hyundai and sadly died at the scene.
A family statement said: “Mrs Joan Cawcutt, born 14th July 1937, was a retired care home manager from Carlton Colville, Lowestoft, Suffolk, more recently of Brockdish in Norfolk.
“Widow of Raymond Francis Cawcutt and mother to Geoff, Christine and Pauline. Grandmother to Matthew, Rebecca, Rachel and Sarah and Great Grandmother to Samuel and Addelyn.
“Dear friend of Phyllis and many others. The kindest and gentlest soul you could ever hope to meet. Cruelly taken from us on 9th December 2017. Will be sorely missed by many.
Rest in Peace. Until we meet again
“Rest in Peace. Until we meet again.”
Following the collision, a 38-year-old woman from the Bury St Edmunds area was arrested on suspicion of causing death by careless driving when under the influence of drink or drugs.
They have been questioned by police officers, and released under investigation pending further enquiries.
Any witnesses, or anyone with information about this incident, are asked to contact the Serious Collision Investigation Team on 101 quoting reference Cads 258 of Saturday, December 9.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
WASHINGTON — Next Tuesday, June 5, brings us arguably the most important date in the battle for the House before Election Day: California's Top 2 primaries.
Under the state's primary system, the Top 2 candidates, regardless of political party, advance to the general election. That means the possibility of two Democrats being at the top of the tickets for governor (Gavin Newsom, Antonio Villaraigosa) and for U.S. Senate (Dianne Feinstein, Kevin de Leon). But it also means the possibility of two Republican candidates advancing to the general in three key House races in Southern California (CA-39, CA-48, CA-49), which are central to the Democrats' path to winning back the House. Getting shut out in two or all three of these contests could make it harder for Democrats to net the 23 seats needed to flip the chamber.
So both parties are engaged in different strategies to game California's Top 2 system. On the GOP side, President Trump has endorsed Republican John Cox for governor, trying to unite California Republicans around a single candidate, which could help drive turnout in the House and downballot races. “On June 5th., vote for GOP Gubernatorial Candidate JOHN COX, a really good and highly competent man. He'll Make California Great Again!” Trump tweeted yesterday. In addition, House Republicans have opened an office in Southern California to spur GOP turnout in the three key House districts.
On the Democratic side, the DCCC has been airing TV ads both IN FAVOR of their preferred candidates in these crowded primaries (see here and here) and AGAINST Republican candidates (see here and here). And while House Democrats want two Democrats at the top of the ticket for governor – to drive Dem turnout and depress the GOP's – gubernatorial frontrunner Gavin Newsom prefers a Republican opponent, since someone like fellow Democrat Antonio Villaraigosa represents a greater general-election threat than either of the two leading GOP candidates (Cox and Travis Allen). “You know my position,” Newsom said in a debate earlier this month. ‘I think a Republican would be ideal. Either one of these (Cox, Allen) would do.”
What's fascinating about all of these races is that they're essentially margin-of-error contests to make the Top 2, where candidates in positions No. 2, No. 3 and even No. 4 are separated by just a handful of points in the public and private polling. All of which makes the June 5 primaries – and the strategies going into them – quite a game.
Trump blames Democrats for their administration's policy of separating migrant families
Over the Memorial Day weekend, Trump fired off this tweet: “Put pressure on the Democrats to end the horrible law that separates children from there [sic] parents once they cross the Border into the U.S. Catch and Release, Lottery and Chain must also go with it and we MUST continue building the WALL! DEMOCRATS ARE PROTECTING MS-13 THUGS.”
For one thing, it's not a law that separates migrant children from their families. And for another, it's a policy Trump's own administration created. NBC's Benjy Sarlin: “The administration confirmed this month that breaking up families was a byproduct of their new ‘zero tolerance' plan to prosecute everyone who crosses the border illegally, which would require minors who traveled with their family to be taken into the custody of the Department of Health and Human Services. Under the previous policy, children were usually allowed to stay with their parents in shelters while awaiting legal proceedings.”
“‘If you are smuggling a child then we will prosecute you, and that child will be separated from you as required by law,' Attorney General Jeff Sessions said earlier this month at an event in Arizona announcing the move. ‘If you don't like that, then don't smuggle children over our border.'”
Stirling electrician, Jamie Harron, has spent days in jail and months trapped in Dubai charged with indecency, reports The Scottish Sun. Jamie says their predicament comes after they touched another man as they brushed past them in a busy bar carrying a drink, writes the paper.
Likewise, the Daily Record also leads with the story and says the "cultural misunderstanding" has left Mr Harron stuck in Dubai for three months facing jail, jobless and in huge amounts of debt.
In other news, Nicola Sturgeon may be on course to lose their pro-independence majority in the Scottish Parliament, according to The Times. The paper commissioned a poll from YouGov, which it says shows that the SNP is likely to win the next Scottish election, but that the first minister would have to try to run a minority government with even fewer MSPs than they do now.
A one-year-old boy has become the youngest person in Scotland to have part of their testicle removed and frozen after chemotherapy threatened to destroy their ability to have children in future, reports The Herald.
Police Scotland came under fresh criticism last night after the body of a man was found in their van by chance two days after a member of the public reported concerns about the vehicle to officers, says The Scotsman.
Under the headline May 'Stays Calm' As Vultures Circle, The National reports how Theresa May has insisted they have the full support of their cabinet and will carry on providing the country with "calm leadership."
Meanwhile, The Daily Telegraph writes that Grant Shapps has been named by UK government whips as the leader of a group that wants to pressure the prime minister into resigning after their "disastrous" election performance.
On the same story, the Scottish Daily Express reports that senior Tories have rallied around Mrs May amid furious accusations of a plot by "pro-Brussels backbenchers" to force them out of Downing Street.
Families who put the wrong rubbish in their bins in North Lanarkshire will be visited by "education inspectors" and face collections being stopped altogether, according to the Scottish Daily Mail, which describes the move as being implemented by the "dustbin stasi".
Scotland fans are "licking their lips" in anticipation of tomorrow afternoon's big match against Slovenia, says the Daily Star of Scotland, as the Tartan Army begin to dream of the chance of a place in the World Cup play-offs.
The Courier publishes a picture of sick residents in Dundee queuing at 07:00 outside a doctor's surgery in a desperate bid to secure an appointment to see a GP. The paper quotes a local doctor saying that the situation has become "commonplace" in Tayside.
Video
Body modification artists have been exposed carrying out illegal and potentially dangerous tongue-splitting procedures.
Patients undergo the cosmetic surgery to achieve a lizard-like forked tongue.
Two backstreet practitioners were filmed by BBC London preparing to illegally inject anaesthetic into undercover reporters.
BERLIN — An emergency official says a small plane has crashed at an airfield in eastern Austria, killing two people aboard.
Lower Austria province fire service spokesperson Franz Resperger told the Austria Press Agency that the aircraft came down nose-first Wednesday morning in a field next to the runway at the Voeslau-Kottingbrunn airfield, south of Vienna. The two men were trapped in the badly damaged cockpit.
There was no immediate word on the cause of the crash.
NEW YORK — Vasyl Lomachenko doesn't just beat fighters. They make them quit.
Even Guillermo Rigondeaux, who had never even lost a fight as a pro.
“I guess I should change my name now to NoMaschenko,” Lomachenko said.
Lomachenko won their bout Saturday night when Rigondeaux's corner stopped the fight after six rounds because the boxer was complaining of pain in their left hand.
Lomachenko was easily winning boxing's first pro match between two-time Olympic gold medallists when Rigondeaux and their trainers jointly called for the match to be stopped.
Promoter Dino Duva said Rigondeaux first felt pain in the second round and hurt it more significantly in the third. Duva said doctors believed the hand could be broken and were sending the 2000 and 2004 Olympic gold medallist from Cuba to the hospital for X-rays.
Duva said the injury came from a punch — though Rigondeaux certainly didn't hit Lomachenko with many of them.
“Where did they hurt their hand, in the dressing room?” promoter Bob Arum said.
Lomachenko (10-1, 8 KOs) earned their seventh straight victory by stoppage and defended their WBO 130-pound title. And for the fourth straight time, their match ended with their opponent quitting.
Rigondeaux lost for the first time in their 18 pro fights and was loudly booed afterward by a crowd that was supporting both fighters early in the match.
But it was quickly apparent that the 2008 and 2012 gold medallist was too much for the 37-year-old Rigondeaux, the 122-pound champion who was moving up two weight classes for the historic match.
“I adjusted to their style, low blows and all,” Lomachenko said.
Long one of boxing's best defensive fighters, even Rigondeaux couldn't find a way to defend themselves against Lomachenko's onslaught.
“It just amazes me what this guy does to an opponent,” Duva said. “He just frustrates their opponent so bad you don't even know what to do.”
Lomachenko started cautiously but by the third round they had begun finding their way through Rigondeaux's defence.
They were leading 59-54 on two judges' cards and 60-53 on the other, and a fighter who does as little offensively as Rigondeaux was unlikely to make that up even if they could've continued.
“I'm going to come back and fight against anybody because there are no excuses,” Rigondeaux said through a translator.
Rigondeaux would have liked the fight at a lower weight but the height difference may have been a bigger problem. Giving up three inches to the 5-foot-7 Lomachenko, they frequently are caught when they tried to lunge forward for shots and couldn't slip Lomachenko's accurate punches, and when they kept trying to duck lower and lower Lomachenko even hit them on top of the head.
It was tense in the fifth round, when Rigondeaux was warned for hitting on the break and they jawed at each other after the bell sounded to end the round. But Lomachenko came back and scored with some solid shots in the sixth, and it became a bigger round for them when Rigondeaux had a point deducted for holding.
Moments later, it was over.
Lomachenko won titles in two weight classes after just seven fights and it may not be long until they have a chance at another, possibly moving up to lightweight next year.
Former Olympic medallists Shakur Stevenson and Michael Conlan were among the winners on the undercard. Stevenson (4-0, 2 KOs) outclassed Oscar Mendoza (4-3) before referee Sparkle Lee stopped the featherweight bout midway through the second round. Fighting near their hometown of Newark, New Jersey, the southpaw who won silver in 2016 landed sometimes three or four punches in rapid succession before Mendoza could get out of the way.
Conlan (5-0) delighted the contingent of Irish flag-waving fans with a unanimous decision victory over Argentina's Luis Molina (4-4-1), winning every round of the six-round bout in their first pro victory that didn't come by stoppage.
Conlan peppered Molina with combinations to the body and left uppercuts to the chin in the arena where they made their professional debut last year on St. Patrick's Day. Arum also plans to have the 2012 bronze medallist from Belfast fight again next year on the March 17 holiday.
In a Saturday, Aug. 12, 2017 file photo, people opposed to the selling of The Berkshire Museum's art to fund an expansion and endowment, protest in front of museum in Pittsfield, Mass. A judge on Massachusetts' highest court is stepping into a fight over the proposed sale of works of art by the cash-strapped museum. A hearing before a single justice of the Supreme Judicial Court is set for Tuesday, March 20, 2018 in Boston. The Berkshire Eagle via AP, File Gillian Jones
KAZAN, Russia (AP) — To get past Belgium in the quarterfinals at the World Cup, Brazil has to do something it has not been able to do since it last won the tournament in 2002: overcome European opposition in the knockout stages.
Since beating Germany 2-0 in the 2002 World Cup final, the five-time winner has been eliminated by European sides in the three subsequent competitions. Brazil lost to France and the Netherlands in the quarterfinals of the 2006 and 2010 World Cups and was humiliated 7-1 by Germany in the semifinals four years ago at home.
Fortunately for the Selecao, Belgium has a poor record against South American sides at the World Cup. Not only has Belgium not won any of its games against South American teams in the knockout stages, it hasn't even managed to score a goal. Most recently, Belgium lost 1-0 to Argentina in the 2014 quarterfinals.
The core of that side remains in place in Russia, where Belgium has won all four of its matches, including coming back from 2-0 down to beat Japan in the round of 16 with a thrilling counterattack in the final seconds of injury time.
Everyone knew about the array of talent running through the Belgium side, from Thibaut Courtois in goal to Kevin De Bruyne in midfield and Eden Hazard and Romelu Lukaku up front. The main questions following disappointing defeats in the 2014 World Cup and the 2016 European Championship centered on the team's character.
That 3-2 victory over Japan was the first time a team has overcome a two-goal deficit to win outright since West Germany beat England in 1970, and the first to do it in regulation since Portugal came from three down to beat North Korea in 1966. It has fueled confidence inside the Belgium camp that it can deal with adversity and make the World Cup semifinals for the first time since 1986.
"Maybe it's this sort of match that we needed for the future," said Hazard, the captain.
Coach Roberto Martinez won praise for their substitutions, with both Marouane Fellaini and Nacer Chadli scoring, the latter with practically the last kick of the match.
"You have to find solutions, you have to find reaction but what you have to find more than anything is the desire and togetherness of a group of players, that they are desperate to perform," Martinez said.
Unlike the game against Japan, Martinez said, Belgium will be the underdog in the quarterfinal against Brazil and as such should play with a certain amount of freedom.
"I think it's a game that when you are a little boy, you dream of being involved in a World Cup, facing Brazil in a quarterfinal," they said, "so from our point of view we can enjoy from the first second."
Brazil coach Tite dismissed talk that their team is the favorite to win the match against Belgium, let alone the World Cup.
"Everything is open, up for grabs," they said.
The winner will play France or Uruguay in the semifinals in St. Petersburg on Tuesday.
WHAT WILL GIVE?
Belgium is the competition's top scorer with 12 in its four games, with the goals spread around the team. Lukaku has four but seven of their teammates have scored, too.
Though Brazil has yet to hit the heights on the attacking front, it and Uruguay have been the meanest defenses in the competition, conceding just one goal apiece in four matches.
There is a worry for Brazil heading into the Belgium match: The team will be without midfielder Casemiro, who is suspended after picking up a second yellow card in the 2-0 win over Mexico in the round of 16. Casemiro has provided a strong shield in front of the Brazilian defense. One option could see Fernandinho come into the side for a role they are accustomed to playing at Manchester City.
WALKING A TIGHTROPE
As has been the case throughout this World Cup, Brazilian forward Neymar will likely garner much of the attention during the match, both for their skills and speed as well as their on-field theatrics. Neymar will have to be careful not to pick up another booking as they would miss a semifinal should Brazil prevail. Others walking a tightrope are midfielder Philippe Coutinho and defender Filipe Luis.
For Belgium, defender Jan Vertonghen and De Bruyne are carrying yellow cards as well.
___
Samuel Petrequin in Kazan, Russia, contributed to this report.
___
More AP World Cup coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/WorldCup
НТВ в социальных сетях twitter
facebook
google
vk
odnoklassniki
instagram
telegram
'); StatBanner('btw', bl); } else { show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); } } } function mailru_ads(data, el) { if(data && data.length > 0) { var ban_location = $(el).attr("ntv-loc"); var bl = parseInt(ban_location); if(bl == 3 && typeof b240_callback !== 'undefined') { try { window[b240_callback](); } catch(e) {} } StatBanner('all', bl); } } (MRGtag = window.MRGtag || []).push({ onNoAds:function(resp) { mailru_noAds(resp); }, onAdsLoaded: function(data, el){ mailru_ads(data, el); }, iframeMode: false }); function StatBanner(type, place) { if (type == 'all') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_showed" }); } if (type == 'noAds') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_mailru_error" }); } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_top" }); try { reachGoal('banner_error_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_ntv_showed" }); } if (type == 'btw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_showed" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_showed'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'nobtw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_error" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_error'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4_ntv" }); } } $(function() { var o = document.createElement('vid' + 'eo'); if(isFInst && (!o || !o.canPlayType || !o.canPlayType('video/mp4; codecs="avc1.640029, mp4a.40.2"'))) { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "html5_media_support" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('html5_media_support'); } catch (e) {} } }); // -->
MADRID — Former Chelsea and Real Madrid defender Ricardo Carvalho has been convicted of tax fraud in Spain.
Although they will not have to spend any time in jail, the 39-year-old Carvalho was sentenced to seven months in prison and fined almost 143,000 euros ($168,000) for irregularities committed against tax authorities in the fiscal years of 2011 and 2012.
The Spanish court says Carvalho admitted to the irregularities during the trial. They will not have to go to prison because sentences of less than two years for first-time offenders can be suspended.
The veteran Portugal defender moved from Chelsea to Real Madrid in 2010. They played with the Spanish club until 2013.
Carvalho is currently with Chinese club Shanghai SIPG.
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Stumbleupon
Featherstone Rovers' away kit has been revealed.
The slick two-tone attire was officially launched in the new edition of League Express, which features an exclusive interview with new signing Martyn Ridyard.
The strip, designed by Steeden Sports, has proved to be a major hit with fans since its release.
👕 THE 2018 Alternate Shirt has arrived… 🛒 PURCHASE yours – in store and online – from 10.00am MONDAY!#BleedBlue pic.twitter.com/C9Xc6hQxbn — Featherstone Rovers (@FevRovers) December 10, 2017
To be in with a chance to win the new strip, buy a copy of League Express to find out how to enter.
360Recommends: KOD ft Lato – One Hell Of A Weekend
For #KODWeekly this week, KOD enlists fellow Benin-City Based rapper LATO and they both go wavy on the track ‘ONE HELL OF A WEEKEND'.
#KODWEEKLY is a weekly music series targeted to entertain and win new fans of KOD, their music and their career journey so far in the industry. Over the four weeks of June, KOD will be dropping new music every Wednesday primarily on their Soundcloud page and on some of your favourite blogs.
Last week was ‘Anything For You' which can be checked out HERE
The post 360Recommends: KOD ft Lato – One Hell Of A Weekend appeared first on 360Nobs.com.
This post was syndicated from 360Nobs.com. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Giancarlo Stanton compares Marlins to a circus in farewell message
It does not sound like Giancarlo Stanton will look back on their time with the Miami Marlins particularly fondly.
In a farewell post on Instagram, Stanton thanked the Marlins organization and fans — while noting that they tried their best to remain professional during “unprofessional, circus times” in the organization.
Now that Stanton is officially a New York Yankee, they don't have to bite their tongue about what they really thinks of the Marlins. Reports that they are “very happy” to be joining the Yankees may well be an understatement if this is how the slugger felt about their tenure in Miami. To be fair, he's not really saying anything that nobody from the outside didn't think.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Check out the full fixture and TV coverage guide for every match from this year's Fifa World Cup live on BBC and ITV Sport
The Fifa World Cup 2018 kicks off on Thursday 14th June, with the final being played on Sunday 15th July 2018 in Moscow, Russia.
Advertisement
In the UK live TV coverage is shared by the BBC and ITV. Check out the full fixture guide below, along with full coverage details for which channel each match is on.
World Cup group stage fixtures – live on BBC and ITV
14 June
Russia v Saudi Arabia, 4pm ITV
15 June
Egypt v Uruguay, 1pm BBC
Morocco v Iran, 4pm ITV
Portugal v Spain, 7pm BBC
16 June
France v Australia, 11am BBC
Argentina v Iceland, 2pm ITV
Peru v Denmark, 5pm BBC
Croatia v Nigeria, 8pm ITV
17 June
Costa Rica v Serbia, 1pm ITV
Germany v Mexico, 4pm BBC
Brazil v Switzerland, 7pm ITV
18 June
Sweden v South Korea, 1pm ITV
Belgium v Panama, 4pm BBC
Tunisia v England, 7pm BBC
19 June
Colombia v Japan, 1pm BBC
Poland v Senegal, 4pm ITV
Russia v Egypt, 7pm BBC
20 June
Portugal v Morocco, 1pm BBC
Uruguay v Saudi Arabia, 4pm BBC
Iran v Spain, 7pm ITV
21 June
Denmark v Australia, 1pm ITV
France v Peru, 4pm ITV
Argentina v Croatia, 7pm BBC
22 June
Brazil v Costa Rica, 1pm ITV
Nigeria v Iceland, 4pm BBC
Serbia v Switzerland, 7pm BBC
23 June
Belgium v Tunisia, 1pm BBC
South Korea v Mexico, 4pm ITV
Germany v Sweden, 7pm ITV
24 June
England v Panama, 1pm BBC
Japan v Senegal, 4pm BBC
Poland v Colombia, 7pm ITV
25 June
Uruguay v Russia, 3pm ITV
Saudi Arabia v Egypt, 3pm ITV
Spain v Morocco, 7pm BBC
Iran v Portugal, 7pm BBC
26 June
Denmark v France, 3pm ITV
Australia v Peru, 3pm ITV
Iceland v Croatia, 7pm BBC
Argentina v Nigeria, 7pm BBC
27 June
South Korea v Germany, 3pm BBC
Mexico v Sweden, 3pm BBC
Serbia v Brazil, 7pm ITV
Switzerland v Costa Rica, 7pm ITV
28 June
Senegal v Colombia, 3pm BBC
Japan v Poland, 3pm BBC
England v Belgium, 7pm ITV
Panama v Tunisia, 7pm ITV
Last 16 fixtures
30 June
Winner Group C v Runner-up Group D, 3pm
Winner Group A v Runner-up Group B, 7pm
1 July
Winner Group B v Runner-up Group A, 3pm
Winner Group D v Runner-up Group C, 7pm
2 July
Winner Group E v Runner-up Group F, 3pm
Winner Group G v Runner-up GroupH, 7pm
3 July
Winner Group F v Runner-up Group E, 3pm
Winner Group H v Runner-up Group G, 7pm
Quarter-finals fixtures
6 July
Quarter-final 1, 3pm
Quarter-final 2, 7pm
7 July
Quarter-final 3, 3pm
Quarter-final 4, 7pm
Semi-final fixtures
10 July
Semi-final 1, 7pm ITV
11 July
Semi-final 2, 7pm BBC
14 July
Third-place play-off, 3pm ITV
Advertisement
Sunday 15th July
Final, 4pm live on BBC and ITV
Joan of Arc – January 6, 1412
Joan d'Arc, who lived just 19 years, packed a lot into their short life. When they were 13, Joan began to have visions of themselves leading France to victory over England—and though they were just a peasant girl who couldn't read or write, they had complete faith in their visions. At 16, Joan rejected an arranged marriage to carry out their mission to depose the English King Henry VI and install the French prince Charles as its rightful king. They gathered followers, cut their hair, put on warrior's armor, and led several successful assaults against the English in 1429.
David Bowie – January 8, 1947
Born David Robert Jones, the performer known as David Bowie started playing saxophone at age 13. They assumed their stage name in 1966 and released their first album the next year. They continued to be a trend-setting presence in music and fashion until their death last year at the age of 69, two days after the release of their final album, Blackstar.
Elvis Presley – January 8, 1935
Before they became a worldwide superstar in the 1950's, Elvis—who was born in 1935 in Tupelo, Mississippi—was a shy teenager trying to find their place. At their senior prom in Memphis, they told their date they couldn't dance. They got over that shyness, and danced their way through two episodes of The Milton Berle Show in 1956 with moves that scandalized some viewers.
Alexander Hamilton – January 11, 1755
Alexander Hamilton was a Revolutionary War hero, wrote many of the Federalist Papers, founded the Bank of New York, created the federal banking system, became the first Secretary of the Treasury, and founded the U.S. Mint. They were famously shot and killed by Vice President Aaron Burr during a duel in 1804. Today, Hamilton is still on the $10 bill and is the subject of today's hottest Broadway musical.
Martin Luther King, Jr. – January 15, 1929
On August 28, 1963, Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. proclaimed “I Have A Dream” on the steps of the Lincoln Memorial. Standing guard was George Raveling, a former basketball player who had been asked to provide extra security at the event. Raveling watched King fold up the speech and, as the Civil Rights leader stepped down from the podium, asked if they could have it. Not realizing how historic the document was, Raveling stashed the pages in a Truman biography for two decades. (It has since been professionally framed and placed in a bank vault.)
Betty White – January 17, 1922
An American actor, animal rights activist, author, comedian, radio host, singer, and television personality. Regarded as a pioneer of television, White was one of the first women to have control both in front of and behind the camera; and is recognized as the first woman to produce a sitcom, which contributed to them receiving the honorary title as the Mayor of Hollywood in 1955.
Muhammad Ali – January 17, 1942
Born Cassius Clay in Louisville, Kentucky, Muhammad Ali took the name we know when they converted to Islam. The Olympic gold medalist and World Heavyweight Champion's career encompassed a wide range of activities outside of boxing, including exhibition matches with wrestlers and recording albums that taught kids to prevent tooth decay.
Virginia Woolf – January 25, 1882
The very quotable British author Virginia Woolf was educated at home with their sisters, and as a child created a newspaper to write about the antics of the eight children in their family. Later, they became involved in the Bloomsbury Group, through which they met their husband, essayist Leonard Woolf. The circle of friends is great pranksters. In 1910, Woolf and two others dressed in turbans and caftans and identified themselves to officers of the Royal Navy as the Emperor of Abyssinia and their entourage. They asked for a tour of the HMS Dreadnought—and they got away with it. When the story made the papers, the two men were sentenced to caning, but Virginia was spared punishment.
CAFCC: Rayon Sports Coach Confident Despite Defeat To Rivers United
By James Agberebi:
Head coach of Rayon Sports of Rwanda Djuma Masudi says the play-off tie in the CAF Confederation Cup between their team and Nigeria's River United is far from over.
In the first leg in Port Harcourt on Sunday, Rivers United won 2-0 thanks to goals from Emeka Atuloma and Cote d'Ivoire's Guy Kuemian.
Despite the first leg deficit, Masudi is upbeat about their team's chances of progressing into the group stage.
"When you play matches, you expect a win, draw or loss and I accept that we have lost this game," Masudi told cafonline.com.
"However, this is just the first ninety minutes of the entire encounter as the remaining time will be played in Kigali.
"I have seen the strength and weakness of our opponent and we are going back to prepare well for the return leg with the ticket for the group stage in our minds.
"Anything is still very possible in the return leg."
Meanwhile Rivers United skipper Festus Austine lamented their team's inability to score more goals against Rayon.
They however expressed belief that they will complete the job in the second leg in Kigali.
“We should have scored more goals today to make the return leg in Kigali a mere formality, but I believe we are in the driving seat," Austin said.
"Our target is to come back from Rwanda with a win and the last ticket for the group stage.
"We played against a very good side but showed character to overcome them which we hope to repeat in a few days."
The second leg will take place on Saturday in Kigali, with the winner completing the line-up for the group stage.
The post CAFCC: Rayon Sports Coach Confident Despite Defeat To Rivers United appeared first on Complete Sports Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from Complete Sports Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
There were 11 incidents of patients going AWOL from the borough's new psychiatric hospital in the first two months of its opening.
NHS bosses insist one patient was responsible for at least eight of the unauthorised absences at Atherleigh Park, the state-of-the-art £40m unit built on the former Leigh East RL ground.
We have reviewed their care and support needs to prevent further incidents Gail Briers, the trust's nursing director
But board members at North West Boroughs Partnership NHS Foundation Trust have been told that there was only one reported absconder at the old Lakeview Unit at Leigh Infirmary in February, by comparison.
Atherleigh Park hosts an eight-bed psychiatric intensive care unit, the Sovereign Unit, a 20-bed male unit, and the Westleigh Unit, which also caters for 20 female patients.
Staff have discovered difficulties with “release buttons”, which were fitted to the units during the two-year construction of the Atherleigh Way hospital.
But a security review has now seen fresh “over-ride” provisions installed to prevent more patients going AWOL, the board has been informed.
In a board report Gail Briers, the trust's nursing director, said: “The increase has been seen following the move to our new hospital where some areas of security in the physical environment have been identified by service users who have then absconded from the unit.
“The incidents are attributable to a very small number of patients, and one patient accounting for eight incidents.
“We have reviewed their care and support needs to prevent further incidents. Our clinical teams are also working closely with colleagues in estates to make minor changes where appropriate.”
The Atherleigh Park absconder figures contributed to the NHS trust's overall figures increasing from five incidents in January to 17 in April. North West Boroughs also provides secure units in Warrington, Halton, St Helens and Knowsley.
Coun Myra Whiteside, who represents Leigh West ward, said they had not been informed about the incidents.
An official from North West Boroughs, when approached for a further statement on the absconder figures for May, declined to comment for patient confidentiality reasons.
The reporting of medication-related incidents is also being reviewed at the unit.
Carter Page, a foreign policy adviser to Donald Trump's 2016 presidential campaign, was the subject of a secret surveillance warrant. A controversial Republican memo made public Friday attacks the FBI's basis for seeking permission to eavesdrop on Page. J. Scott Applewhite AP
YOUNGSTOWN, Ohio (WYTV) – Under a lot of stress these days? Relax! That may be easier said than done, but stress can have a major impact on your heart.
Stress was already known to increase blood pressure and cause other health problems, but recent studies show that it can directly increase the risk of heart attack and cardiovascular disease.
How damaging can chronic stress be on your heart? How can you relieve your stress?
Dr. Shayesteh joined 33 WYTV Daybreak to explain the link between stress and heart disease and give tips on how to relax.
Click here for a complete list of nutrition segments with Dr. Shayesteh.
The Scottish fire service is facing a £389m backlog in vehicle and property maintenance, a report has warned.
Audit Scotland said the funding gap was "insurmountable" without further transformation and investment.
It said that if capital spending remains at 2017/18 levels, the current maintenance backlog will reach £406m over the next 10 years.
The Scottish government said the report recognised "real progress" since the formation of a single national force.
The Audit Scotland report warned the risk of asset failures, such as vehicle breakdowns, "will increase significantly" if spending is not increased.
It said the service requires an average annual investment of £80.4m for the next 10 years to bring its assets up to a minimum satisfactory condition.
Audit Scotland said it was "imperative" that the service reviewed and reshaped its capital assets.
That could mean "closing, moving, sharing or changing the use of some of its properties as well as considering the range and deployment of its fleet of vehicles".
Pay and conditions
The report praised the service's "slow but steady" progress with integrating the eight former services into a single body and strong financial management.
SFRS was now in a good position to complete the process with a deal to harmonise firefighters' pay and conditions, it said.
Auditor General Caroline Gardner said: "The Scottish Fire and Rescue Service has an ambitious vision that involves significant changes to make it a more flexible, modern service.
"It now needs to press ahead with transformation so that it can respond to the changing needs of the public and can address its increasingly unsustainable model of delivery."
Image caption Opposition parties have accused the SNP of under-funding the fire service
Community Safety Minister Annabelle Ewing welcomed Audit Scotland's "recognition of real progress made by the Scottish Fire and Rescue Service".
They said: "The SFRS inherited a substantial capital backlog from the eight legacy services and the Scottish government continues to work closely with the service to identify and provide the capital funding it needs for buildings, fleet and equipment.
"This year the Scottish government increased the spending capacity of the service by £15.5m to invest in transformation plans - and maintained an increase of £21.7m in capital funding announced in the 2017-18 budget.
"This investment, coupled with service transformation, will ensure that communities across Scotland remain protected from emerging risks and threats."
Staff and public safety
Opposition parties accused the SNP administration of under-funding the service.
Tory Liam Kerr said: "The SNP government has allowed a maintenance backlog of £400m to build up and that's entirely inexcusable.
"As firefighters themselves are warning, if equipment and vehicles aren't properly maintained, that will have implications for staff and public safety."
Scottish Labour's Daniel Johnson said: "The fact that the situation is so bad that fire engines may not even be able to run is a national scandal that could put lives at risk.
"Nationalist ministers must urgently explain how they are going to bridge this funding gap and give our brave firefighters the support they need and deserve."
(Philip Toscano/PA via AP). A person sleeps by their tent before joining the entrance queue in Wimbledon Park on day three at the Wimbledon Tennis Championships in London, Wednesday July 4, 2018.
By HOWARD FENDRICH
AP Tennis Writer
LONDON (AP) - Caroline Wozniacki complained about the flying insects at Wimbledon, demanding that bug spray be brought to the court.
They wondered aloud whether play should be halted because of a brief drizzle.
And the No. 2-seeded Wozniacki was not exactly gracious in defeat after staving off five match points, but not the sixth, in what became a 6-4, 1-6, 7-5 loss to 35th-ranked Ekaterina Makarova of Russia in the second round at the England Club on Wednesday.
The reigning Australian Open champion's latest lackluster showing at Wimbledon made them the fifth top-eight seeded woman to exit by the end of Day 3.
Wozniacki said Makarova "got a little lucky" and added, "I would be very surprised if you saw them go far."
Asked what they thought of those remarks, Makarova laughed and replied: "Well, I don't know what to say. Yeah, maybe I was lucky today. Good for me. Thanks, God."
While both Williams sisters moved into the third round, as did past U.S. Open runners-up Madison Keys and Karolina Pliskova, among the women, and Roger Federer won 35 consecutive points on their serve while extending their Wimbledon set streak to 26 in a row, it was Wozniacki's departure that counted as the closest thing to big news on Wednesday.
 They are a former No. 1 who recently claimed their first Grand Slam title. They won a grass-court tuneup tournament last weekend.
They had managed to convince themselves this was going to be their year to shine at the England Club, the only major where she's never been past the fourth round. In addition to their title on the hard courts in Australia, she's twice been the runner-up on that surface at the U.S. Open, and she's been a quarterfinalist twice on the French Open's red clay.
But a game that is principally predicated on defense can be harder to make work on the speedy grass, where Makarova produced twice as many winners Wednesday, 46-23.
"It's frustrating," Wozniacki said, "because I feel like I could have gone and done something really great here."
Instead, it's the fourth time in the past seven years that she's out in the first or second round.
They almost put together quite a comeback, though.
After trailing 5-1 in the third set, Wozniacki broke twice when Makarova served for the match. The second time, at 5-3, Makarova was within a point of victory four times, but was unable to convert, wasting one of those opportunities with a double-fault. Once Wozniacki pulled even in the last set by holding at love, Makarova gave themselves a bit of a talking-to.
"At 5-all, I said to myself: 'OK, calm down. Start over,'" recounted Makarova, a former top-10 player who twice has been a major semifinalist and got to the Wimbledon quarterfinals in 2014.
From deuce in that game, they picked up six of the last seven points.
Earlier in the match, Wozniacki was buggin' out about the bugs that also showed up last year at the tournament. They insisted that something needed to be done about them.
Makarova, too, called the scene "a little bit strange and different" and "a little bit uncomfortable."
That word also described how Makarova's left-handed game made Wozniacki feel.
"I had a chance today. I fought all I had. I'm out. That's it," said Wozniacki, who actually won more total points, 94-91. "It's life sometimes. You just have to keep working and come back. And hopefully next time, luck will be on my side."
All that really matters, of course, is who wins the last point, something five-time champion Venus Williams did after a poor start for the second round in a row.
Once again, they dropped the opening set. And once again, they dominated the rest of the way, this time beating 141st-ranked qualifier Alexandra Dulgheru of Romania 4-6, 6-0, 6-1. At 38, Williams was the oldest woman in the field, but they are now into the third round a year after getting to the final.
"I mean, it's just about winning the match. And so, if that's your best or not, your best doesn't matter," Williams said, "as long as you win."
___
Follow Howard Fendrich on Twitter at http://twitter.com/HowardFendrich
___
More AP tennis coverage: https://www.apnews.com/tag/apf-Tennis
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Joshua Fancher after being sworn in as an Orange City police officer on Dec. 21. Orange City Police Department via Facebook
Qatar withdraws peacekeepers from Djibouti-Eritrea border
Qatar has withdrawn its peacekeeping troops from the Djibouti-Eritrea border, the foreign ministry said on Wednesday, after years of mediating in a territorial dispute between the two African states.
“The state of Qatar informed the government of Djibouti that it has withdrawn all its troops deployed on the borderline in Djiboutian territory,” a ministry statement said.
The ministry said Qatar had been an “impartial diplomatic mediator” in the dispute between Djibouti and Eritrea, which led to armed clashes in 2010.
The decision by Qatar to withdraw its troops comes as the Gulf emirate is locked in a bitter dispute with Saudi Arabia and its allies over alleged ties to Islamist extremists, a charge it denies.
Both Djibouti and Eritrea have good relations with Qatar's leading opponents Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates, and have taken their side in the Gulf split.
Qatar has also played the role of mediator in other African conflicts.
It brokered a peace deal between the Khartoum government and rebels in the Red Sea coast region of Sudan, which borders Eritrea. It has tried to do the same in the conflict in Sudan's western region of Darfur.
This post was syndicated from Nigeria News, Headlines and Opinions – The Guardian Nigeria Newspaper. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Video
The widow of football legend John Charles has said their husband would have carried on playing even if they had been told it would have made them ill.
Wales, Leeds and Juventus star Charles died in 2004, aged 72, of cancer complications.
Speaking for the first time about their struggles with dementia their widow Glenda said nothing would have stopped them playing.
"He'd have done it anyway. They just lived for football," they said.
They spoke out as a leading Welsh psychiatrist, from Charles's home city Swansea, claimed a possible link between dementia and football is being "swept under the carpet" by the game's authorities.
The Football Association (FA) has said studies so far are "inconclusive" but it wants to understand potential risks.
Image copyright Hannah O'Regan Image caption The jaw of a bear from Foxhole Cave, Derbyshire
A new study reveals the hidden history of brown bears in Britain, suggesting they still roamed wild 1,500 years ago.
The research raises two scenarios. Either "native bears" went extinct around the early Middle Ages, or they disappeared some 3,000 years ago in the Bronze Age or in Neolithic times.
Live bears were also imported by the Romans for fighting or displays.
Little is known about the animal's history, despite talk of "re-wilding", says archaeologist Dr Hannah O'Regan.
Them trawl of museum archives and published records is the most detailed examination yet of the brown bear in Britain.
"The brown bear has been very closely associated with people for thousands of years in Britain - either wild or captive," says Dr O'Regan, from the department of classics and archaeology at the University of Nottingham.
"Brown bears and people have been inter-linked through time. We see that today with our teddy bears."
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The brown bear was once found across Eurasia and North America
It is not possible to say exactly when and where bears died out in the wild, as there is little evidence from natural sites, such as caves, fens and bogs.
One scenario, based on evidence from a cave in the Yorkshire Dales, suggests the brown bear went extinct in the early medieval period - between about 425 and 594 AD.
However, there is a slim chance that the Yorkshire cave bears were descendants of bears imported into Britain from elsewhere in Europe by the Romans.
Bear cubs are spending longer with mothers
Mystery ape found in ancient tomb
How do you keep a polar bear cool?
In this version of events, bears went extinct much earlier, in the late Neolithic or early Bronze Age, with other finds coming from imported bears, alive or dead.
Whichever turns out to be true, bears have left their mark on British history through artworks, grave stones, bones, skins and museum specimens.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Bears have long had cultural importance
Bears in Britain: A brief history
Before the Ice Age
The brown bear (Ursus arctos) was once widespread across Britain, found in the wild from Devon in southern England to Sutherland in northern Scotland.
However, by the end of the last Ice Age, populations had dwindled and it had become rare.
After the Ice Age
From the Ice Age onwards, Dr O'Regan found evidence of bears (alive or dead) at 85 places in England and Scotland, from the Stone Age to post-Medieval times.
Bears were scarce in Scotland, Wales and the East Midlands, but more frequently found in Yorkshire, the east, the south and London.
There is little data from Wales, possibly because specimens have not yet been analysed.
Numbers started to decline further during the Stone Age, falling to very low numbers in the Iron Age.
Bears in Roman Britain (AD 43-410)
There appear to have been more bears in Roman Britain - suggesting live animals were imported from continental Europe.
Image copyright Image courtesy of Great North Museum, Tyne & Wear Image caption Roman Cameo found at South Shields in 1878
The fact that museum specimens from Roman times contain lots of body parts suggests live bears were probably present and used in entertainment, including bear dancing and baiting.
Early medieval times (AD 410-1066)
During Anglo-Saxon times, bear claws were found in cremation urns. And in the Viking Age, large carved stones called hogbacks, used to mark graves, have been found carved with bears.
Image copyright Durham Cathedral Image caption Hogback stone on display at Durham Cathedral
Dr O'Regan says people may have associated the bear with certain traits, such as power.
The discovery of tiny bear figurines at children's graves suggests they might have been put there to guard and protect the occupants.
AD1066 onwards
After the end of medieval times, the only evidence for bears was found in London - because of bear-baiting arenas on the south bank of the Thames - and in Edinburgh, where specimens were kept at a medical school, possibly for teaching students.
Image copyright Pre-Construct Archaeology Image caption Roman bear skull from London
Bears were present in the Tower of London and continued to be imported into Britain until well into the 20th century.
Dancing bears were a common form of entertainment. Bears were also widely used for their body parts, with bear grease still being sold in Britain in the early 20th century as a putative treatment for hair loss.
The work is published in the journal Mammal Review.
Follow Helen on Twitter.
Consumer virtual reality started picking up steam a few years ago, but both desktop and mobile VR required a separate device to power the experience—either a PC or a smartphone. We're starting to see the first standalone VR headsets now with the Oculus Go and Lenovo Mirage. These headsets have Qualcomm chips, but they're the same ones used in phones. Qualcomm has just announced a new design purpose-built for VR and AR applications. It's called the Snapdragon XR1, and it'll launch later this year.
Qualcomm says this chip is intended for both augmented reality and virtual reality applications. The company has opted to call all these different types of reality "eXtended Reality," hence the XR1 name. Qualcomm estimates there will be 186 million standalone eXtended Reality devices by 2023, and it wants to be making the chips that power them. The Snapdragon XR1 platform will support different feature sets for premium and mainstream headsets. A cheaper device might only have three degrees-of-freedom (DoF) and no positional tracking while a more expensive one running the XR1 could have six DoF, room-scale positioning, and ultrasonic controller tracking.
Unfortunately, many of the hardware details are still under wraps. We know the XR1 will have Kryo CPU cores and an Adreno GPU. We just don't know which ones or how many. It will lack some smartphone-specific things like a modem. Qualcomm says the platform will have hardware support for the Snapdragon Neural Processing SDK. That supports the Caffe, TensorFlow, and ONNX frameworks.
The first headsets with Snapdragon XR1 chips could appear late this year. We expect to learn more about the specs closer to release.
KOJONUP farmer Digby Stretch has been honoured with the 2017 Pastoralists and Graziers Association of WA's (PGA) Achievement Award.
The PGA vice president was presented the prestigious trophy at the PGA's annual dinner and awards night in front of a crowd of 100 at Crown Perth last Wednesday night.
The third-generation farmer runs 11,000 Merinos and an 800 hectare cropping program, 50 kilometres south west of Kojonup with wife Nikki and their three children.
A lifelong member of the PGA, it was in the early 1990s that Mr Stretch became actively involved in the association.
“I'd been on the tough end of some policy issues that I was asked to come to the PGA and have a chat about by the wool committee,” Mr Stretch said.
“We had a wool industry in turmoil, we had a whole lot of regulations out there making things restrictive and hard to do business in.
“It became apparent to me reasonably early in my farming career that legislation and regulation was going to happen with or without us and I was better off getting in as a youngster and helping to shape the environment that we were going to farm in.”
It wasn't long before Mr Stretch – then in their early 30s – joined the PGA wool committee.
Since then they have had various roles within the group, including a decade-long tenure as livestock committee chairperson and their role as PGA vice president since 2014.
Mr Stretch has been involved with several key policy issues.
“The biggest things that I have been involved with would have been dismantling the reserve price scheme for wool from the sheep and livestock side of things as well as deregulating the wheat market,” Mr Stretch said.
“We (PGA) have been involved in bringing in the National Livestock Identification System, we've been heavily involved in the Ovine Johne's disease position that WA took, we had a massive involvement when the live export issue popped up in 2011.
“We are so much better off for having a choice of whether we can use a GM product, or a free market for wool, Australia being a wheat export State, we've now got so many things that we fought for hard.
The Proenza Schouler fall/winter 2017-2018 runway presentation was the goodbye to New York Fashion Week that many were surprised was coming, and a lot of people are sad at the concept. To clarify things, Proenza Schouler will be moving to Paris and adopting the Vetements' sale enhancing show model. While this is a move up for the brand, it is a terrible loss for New York Fashion Week that will definitely be different in the absence of the fashion house.
There was hope for those who felt that the designers – Jack McCollough and Lazaro Hernandez, were hinting at the change as a trial run rather than a permanent change. For most, however, it is just a huge change that they are going to have to suffer through, with a hole left by the departure of a great runway presentation by a brand that has cemented its name with more than a decade's worth of compliments and excitement around the brand. People genuinely looked forward to the show in New York each year and they will no longer have that.
Apparently the difference in the rules and expectations between New York and Paris Fashion Week will benefit them in the best of ways so we can only wish them best. The use of the Internet to live-stream shows and purchase the fashions has really changed how fashion works, so outside of the loss during NYFW itself, what really changes besides the show dates?
At any rate the Proenza Schouler fall 2017 collection was packed with elegant ideas and interesting cuts and eye-catching details that were completely unexpected. Smooth, form-flattering dresses featured an asymmetrical detailing and treatment over the bodices to affect how eyes travel down the form. The varying lengths and designs included in the collection were of course exciting, but they did not stand out so much that they erased the other ensembles as well. Flatteringly cut and graciously assembled suits were an interesting development in the collection.
While several of the collections have been showing suits for fall and winter, Proenza Schouler's fall 2017 ready-to-wear line, the last to be shown at New York Fashion Week at least for now, has provided a charismatic yet elegant set of options that are ready for work and the daily transition. The suits and work-appropriate dress items were touched with detailing that similar to the dresses draws the eye on a bit of an unexpected journey over the ensemble.
The Proenza Schouler logo being the most prominent and surprisingly placed detail was much more welcomed than not. The accessories are definitely going to make the biggest of splashes throughout the collection with the surprising designs that were shown. The most interesting feature, perhaps because it was so unexpected is the use of the logo as exaggerated zipper pulls; it seems a fun and slightly odd detail that really does add to the overall coolness of the collection.
Photos courtesy of Zimbio
A man uses their mobile phone as sits on a bench next to a "Peace" sign in central capital Nicosia, Cyprus, Friday, Feb. 2, 2018. Barely seven months on from the latest failure to reunify the east Mediterranean island nation of Cyprus, Greek Cypriots are gearing up for a presidential election, skeptical about whether anyone can lead them out of the labyrinth of the decades-old division. Petros Karadjias AP Photo
Yesterday Guido revealed how an anti-Semitic conspiracy theorist ran a stall at Labour conference.  They are now under investigation by the party…
Today it emerges Tapash Abu Shaim received a tour of Parliament given by none other than Jeremy Corbyn. Jez tweeted to Shaim to say it was “a pleasure” showing them and other Palestine Solidarity Campaign members around. Shaim and Jez still follow each other on Twitter. Jez is a patron of PSC; sources tell Guido Shaim is a high-ranking member. It's surprising Shaim was only in the exhibition hall and not on the conference stage…
Four months before they met Corbyn in Parliament, Shaim posted on Facebook “9/11 Truth could be the answer to the Israel/Palestine conflict”, along with a link to an article to Veterans Today, a far-right US website which publishes anti-Semitic conspiracy theories.
Jez gave a personal parliamentary tour to a man promoting anti-Semitic material online…
2019: Give us Presidency or give us Biafra – Ohaneze
The youth wing of Ohanaeze Ndigbo, Ohanaeze Ndigbo Youth Council, has revealed that their agitation for Biafra will stop if the presidency is zoned to the Igbo come 2019. The youth wing of the Igbo group made this known in a statement issued in Enugu. The group noted that the Igbo will take one of…
The post 2019: Give us Presidency or give us Biafra – Ohaneze appeared first on The Herald Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from The Herald Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
A garden has been opened at Keir Hardie Primary, Newarthill, in memory of pupil Heather Hunter who died last August at the age of nine after battling heart problems for three years.
Heather's family paid for a memorial bench at Carfin Grotto and the school wished to make its own lasting tribute.
Fundraisers were held before the summer holidays in order to facilitate landscaping an area of the playground.
Heather's mum Michelle, dad Andrew and brother Archie, who attends the school, were joined by pupils and staff at the opening of the garden.
FC Cincinnati will join MLS in 2019 after being granted an expansion franchise, the league announced on Tuesday.
Already competing in the United Soccer League – the country's second-tier competition – Cincinnati will begin playing next season ahead of the planned opening of a new 21,000-seat stadium in 2021.
Cincinnati have been a sensation in their three years in existence, with a better average attendance than some MLS teams from the very beginning.
Those numbers are at an all-time high so far in 2018, with an average of 24,417 coming out to home games at the University of Cincinnati's Nippert Stadium.
That number is more than double the next-best average in the USL and would rank fifth among MLS's 23 teams this year.
"Major League Soccer is proud to introduce Cincinnati as our 26th team," Commissioner Don Garber said. "The rise of Cincinnati as a passionate soccer market in recent years, coinciding with the city's growing economy and reputation as a top destination for young professionals makes it an ideal city for our growing league.
"We congratulate Carl Lindner and their partners, and also the soccer fans of Cincinnati, who have passionately supported FC Cincinnati in the USL."
Cincinnati's support has made the club a favourite in the current round of MLS expansion, but the city had to sweat it out as stadium details were finalised and Nashville were awarded one of two available franchises late last year, leaving Cincinnati to fend off Detroit and Sacramento for the other spot.
Now Cincinnati will join the league a year ahead of Nashville (and the long-awaited Miami team backed by David Beckham), making the transition next season.
Cincinnati will continue to play at Nippert for at least two more seasons before the planned opening of their new stadium.
MLS still plans to add two more teams in the coming years, bringing the total to 28.
(AP Photo/Eric Christian Smith). RETRANSMISSION TO CORRECT NAME AND TEAM TO BOSTON RED SOX DREW POMERANZ - Boston Red Sox starting pitcher Drew Pomeranz reacts after they were pulled from the game during the third inning in Game 2 of baseball's American L...
(AP Photo/David J. Phillip). Houston Astros starting pitcher Dallas Keuchel (60) delivers a pitch against the Boston Red Sox during the first inning in Game 2 of baseball's American League Division Series, Friday, Oct. 6, 2017, in Houston.
(AP Photo/David J. Phillip). Houston Astros' Jose Altuve (27) scores on teammate Carlos Correa's double during the sixth inning in Game 2 of baseball's American League Division Series against the Boston Red Sox, Friday, Oct. 6, 2017, in Houston.
(AP Photo/David J. Phillip). Houston Astros' Carlos Correa hits a two-run home run against the Boston Red Sox during the first inning in Game 2 of baseball's American League Division Series, Friday, Oct. 6, 2017, in Houston.
(AP Photo/David J. Phillip). Houston Astros' George Springer (4) and Jose Altuve (27) celebrate after they scored on teammate Carlos Correa's double in Game 2 of baseball's American League Division Series against the Boston Red Sox, Friday, Oct. 6, 201...
By KRISTIE RIEKENAP Sports Writer
HOUSTON (AP) - Carlos Correa homered, doubled and drove in four runs, Jose Altuve got two more hits and the Houston Astros hammered the Boston Red Sox 8-2 Friday to take a commanding 2-0 lead in the AL Division Series.
George Springer also homered to back Dallas Keuchel in Houston's second straight romp by the exact same score.
The Astros will go for a sweep in the best-of-five matchup Sunday at Fenway Park.
A day after Altuve hit three home runs in the playoff opener, they got things going with a two-out single in the first inning off Drew Pomeranz. Correa, who went 0 for 4 on Thursday, made it 2-0 when they launched a towering shot onto the train tracks atop left field.
Keuchel pitched into the sixth, allowing one run and three hits while striking out seven.
After Jackie Bradley Jr. had an RBI single in the Boston second, the Astros started to break away.
Springer hit their first postseason homer when they sent the second pitch of the third inning into the front row of the seats in right field.
A double by Alex Bregman set up an RBI single by Altuve later in the inning, making it 4-1 and ending Pomeranz's first career postseason start after two relief appearances. The lefty kept their head down as they trudged toward the dugout after being lifted.
David Price, the starter-turned-reliever with the $217 million contract, pitched 2 2/3 scoreless innings for the Red Sox. Following their exit, Houston tacked on four runs in the sixth.
A two-out intentional walk to Altuve, the major league batting champion this season, led to a two-run double by Correa. The top overall pick in the 2012 draft and crown jewel of Houston's years-long rebuilding project raised their hands in delight and motioned for the crowd to get louder as they stopped at second base.
Red Sox right fielder Mookie Betts had an error that looked like it was pulled from a blooper reel earlier in the sixth when they caught a fly ball by Bregman then simply lost the ball as they tried to throw it back in. Betts looked confused as the ball dribbled away from them and they were charged with an error, allowing a run to score.
Keuchel, the 2015 AL Cy Young Award winner, known as much for their beard as their devastating sinker, was cheered on by Houston's other famous bearded superstar as Rockets guard James Harden watched from a front-row seat behind home plate.
Keuchel's father, Dennis, also was in attendance and multiple television shots showed them looking a mixture of excited and nervous as they gazed at their son's work.
The left-hander had trouble settling in early and after needing 30 pitches to get through the second inning, it looked like their third postseason start might be a short one. But they struck out the last two batters of that inning as the first of 13 straight they retired.
Keuchel exited to a standing ovation after walking Hanley Ramirez with two outs in the sixth inning.
Altuve, who hit .346 this year, kept punishing pitchers. After singling in their first two trips to the plate, giving them five hits in the series, the Red Sox had seen enough and intentionally walked them in the fourth. That drew a loud chorus of boos from the home crowd, which greeted Altuve with a standing ovation in their first at-bat.
Many fans held signs saying that Altuve should be this season's MVP and one behind home plate proclaimed in sparkly multi-colored letters: "Altuve, He's Pretty Good."
Boston also gave them a free pass in the sixth inning, but had to pitch to them in the seventh with the bases loaded and two outs. Austin Maddox, who gave up Altuve's third homer on Thursday, jumped into the air and pumped their fist after striking them out.
It didn't matter much. Even with the strikeout, their average in the series is .714.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Betts looks as if they might have hurt their wrist on a swing in the eighth inning. They finished the at-bat, but the Red Sox were looking at him.
UP NEXT
Doug Fister (5-9, 4.88 ERA), who pitched for the Astros last season, will start for Boston in Game 3 on Sunday. The Astros have yet to announce their Game 3 starter.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
UN INSIDER
Kazakh Joins Security Council With New Foreign Minister
By J Nastranis
NEW YORK (IDN) - A few days ahead of Kazakhstan joining the Security Council on January 1 as a non-permanent member for two years, President Nursultan Nazarbayev appointed the Central Asian republic's Permanent Representative to the United Nations Kairat Abdrakhmanov as new Foreign Minister.
On December 28 they replaced Erlan Idrissov (57) who held the post from 1999 to 2002 and 2012 to 2016. They take over as Ambassador to the UK, a post they held from 2002 to 2007. They were then ambassador to the United States from 2007 to 2012
Abdrakhmanov (52) had been serving as their country's Permanent Representative in New York since 2013. During their tenure and Idrissov's as Foreign Minister, Kazakhstan campaigned for and was elected as a non-permanent member of the Security Council for 2017-2018.
Prior to their appointment as Permanent Representative to the UN, Abdrakhmanov was Ambassador to Austria, where they also represented their country at the international organizations based in Vienna 2011 onwards. From 2008 until 2011, they were Kazakhstan's Permanent Representative to the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe ((OSCE), chairing its Permanent Council in 2010.
Abdrakhmanov served an earlier term as Ambassador to Austria and Permanent Representative to international organizations in Vienna, from 2007 to 2008. They were Deputy Minister for Foreign Affairs from 2006 to 2007 and served a previous stint, between 1999 and 2001.
In a distinguished Foreign Service career, Abdrakhmanov served as Ambassador to Israel from 2003 to 2006, and as Deputy Chief of Mission and Minister-Counsellor in the United Kingdom, beginning in 2001.
They were Director of the Foreign Ministry's Department of Bilateral Cooperation from 1998 to 1999, Deputy Chief and then Chief of the Asia Department between 1994 and 1998. During that period, they also served as Deputy Director of the Asia, Middle East and Africa Department, and Director of the Department of Europe and the Americas, having joined the Foreign Ministry in 1993 as a Third Secretary in the Europe Department.
Introducing newly appointed Foreign Minister Abdrakhmanov to the senior staff of the ministry, President Nazarbayev thanked Idrissov for their work as Foreign Minister over the past four years. They emphasised that in the face of challenging global circumstances the foreign ministry faces new challenges that require new approaches.
Referring to the work in the Security Council, they said: "The fact that we were elected as its non-permanent member is a testament of respect from the global community towards our country. This is an important task that requires the global leadership of Kazakhstan in the movement for a nuclear weapons free world and other international issues.”
Analysing the reasons behind the reshuffle, Catherine Putz wrote in The Diplomat: "While Idrissov's resume demonstrates a specialty in relations with Western powers, Abdrakhmanov's background is rooted in international organizations."
Putz added: "It may be that the switch reflects Kazakhstan's emphasis on international organizations, rather than Western graces, to carry the country onward toward Nazarbayev's lofty goals. Abdrakhmanov's twin successes – scoring Astana the OSCE chairpersonship in 2010 and the UNSC (Security Council) seat for 2017 – have elevated the country's global standing."
Within days of Abdrakhmanov's appointment as Foreign Minister, the Security Council unanimously adopted on December 31 a resolution supporting a Russia-Turkey brokered truce in Syria and jump-starting a political process.
The resolution accepted Kazakhstan President Nursultan Nazarbayev's offer to host peace talks in the Kazakh capital between the conflicting parties in the Syrian conflict stating that it "looks forward to the meeting to be held in Astana". These are expected to take place mid-January ahead of the resumption of negotiations under the auspices of the United Nations in Geneva on February 8.
The Council reiterated its call on parties to allow humanitarian agencies “rapid, safe and unhindered” access throughout Syria, repeating that the only sustainable solution to the crisis was an inclusive, Syrian-led political process, based on the 2012 Geneva communiqué.
In the ensuing debate, delegates welcomed the Council's unanimous support for the ceasefire, stressing that it only increased the legitimacy of those efforts, and confidence in the Council's own ability to make important decisions.
Some asked for details on the participation of opposition groups in Astana, humanitarian access and the United Nations role in the Astana political process, with several noting that the Special Envoy for Syria must play a key role in those efforts.
The U.S. supported the resolution because it struck the right balance between cautious optimism and a realistic need to see how it would be implemented but expressed regret that annexes to the agreement had not been made available, and concern over reports of both a regime offensive supported by Hizbullah in the Wadi Barada village north-west of Damascus, and differences between regime and delegation documents. The U.S. Deputy Permanent Representative to the UN Michele Sison asked for an explanation of why those differences existed.
The United Kingdom's Deputy Permanent Representative to the UN Peter Wilson stressing that discrepancies between key texts must be resolved, said monitoring of the ceasefire would be crucial. Russia and Turkey must ensure any such measures were independent and coordinated with both the UN and the International Syria Support Group's ceasefire task force.
On that point, France's Deputy Permanent Representative to the UN Alexis Lamek said the Russian-Turkish agreement contained a number of “grey areas”, including whether the regime was genuinely committed to the ceasefire. The Council had not received the list of groups included in the agreement, and the level of commitment of all parties remained uncertain. They also expressed concern over which groups would be designated as terrorist groups.
At the same time, said Egypt's Permanent Representative Amr Abdellatif Aboulatta said it was critical to act rapidly and launch the diplomatic process. Real intentions focused on a final political solution were crucial. Military activity would never solve the crisis, they said, urging Syrian parties to act responsibly to find a Syrian solution, which would protect the country's territorial integrity.
Broadly speaking, Russia's Permanent Representative Vitaly Churkin said the resolution spoke to the need for a cessation of hostilities in Syria and a meeting in Astana where the Syrian Government and opposition would, for the first time, meet face-to-face.
“If you can't help and if you don't want to help, make sure you don't complicate things,” they said. The international community must be guided by the goals of achieving a political settlement in 2017, respecting the interests of the Syrian people and fostering stability in the region.
President Nazarbayev emphasised in meeting with the Foreign Ministry's senior staff on December 30 "the need for careful preparation for the upcoming talks on Syria in Astana".
According to the President, an important task for the Foreign Ministry is to maintain its work on the Eurasian Economic Union, taking into account the country's national interests.
“In the context of the global economic crisis, an economic dimension must remain the systemic element of paramount importance in the activity of the diplomatic service of the country. It's necessary to deal with issues of attracting investments and export of domestic goods," President Nazarbayev said.
They added: "In this regard, the work of the Foreign Ministry and embassies should be strengthened. Thorough work should be done on preparation of major international events scheduled next year in Astana – the SCO [Shanghai Cooperation Organisation] and the OIC [Organisation for Islamic Cooperation] summits." [IDN-InDepthNews – 02 January 2017]
Photo (centre to left): President Nazarbayev, outgoing Foreign Minister Idrissov, and new Foreign Minister Abdrakhmanov. Credit: The Astana Times.
IDN is the flagship of International Press Syndicate.
THE White House – WASHINGTON – February 2, 2018
The Honorable Devin Nunes Chairman, House Permanent Select Committee on
Intelligence
United States Capitol
Washington, DC 20515
Dear Mr. Chairman:
On January 29,2018, the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence (hereinafter “the Committee”) voted to disclose publicly a memorandum containing classified information provided to the Committee in connection with its oversight activities (the “Memorandum,” which is attached to this letter). As provided by clause II(g) of Rule X of the House of Representatives, the Committee has forwarded this Memorandum to the President based on its determination that the release of the Memorandum would serve the public interest.
The Constitution vests the President with the authority to protect national security secrets from disclosure. As the Supreme Court has recognized, it is the President's responsibility to classify, declassify, and control access to information bearing on our intelligence sources and methods and national defense. See, e.g., Dep't of Navy v. Egan, 484 U.S. 518, 527 (1988). In order to facilitate appropriate congressional oversight, the Executive Branch may entrust classified information to the appropriate committees of Congress, as it
has done in connection with the Committee's oversight activities here. The Executive Branch does so on the assumption that the Committee will responsibly protect such classified information, consistent with the laws of the United States.
The Committee has now determined that the release of the Memorandum would be appropriate. The Executive Branch, across Administrations of both parties, has worked to accommodate congressional requests to declassify specific materials in the public interest.! However, public release of classified information by unilateral action of the Legislative Branch is extremely rare and raises significant separation of powers concerns. Accordingly, the Committee's request to release the Memorandum is interpreted as a request for declassification pursuant to the President's authority.
1 See, e.g., S. Rept. 114-8 at 12 (Administration of Barack Obama) (“On April 3, 2014 … the Committee agreed to send the revised Findings and Conclusions, and the updated Executive Summary of the Committee Study, to the President for declassification and public release.”); H. Rept. 107-792 (Administration of George W. Bush) (similar); E.O. 12812 (Administration of George H.W. Bush) (noting Senate resolution requesting that President provide for declassification of certain information via Executive Order).
The President understands that the protection of our national security represents their highest obligation. Accordingly, they have directed lawyers and national security staff to assess the declassification request, consistent with established standards governing the handling of classified information, including those under Section 3.1(d) of Executive Order 13526. Those standards permit declassification when the public interest in disclosure outweighs any need to protect the information. The White House review process also included input from the Office of the Director of National Intelligence and the Department of Justice. Consistent with this review and these standards, the President has determined that declassification of the Memorandum is appropriate.
Based on this assessment and in light of the significant public interest in the memorandum, the President has authorized the declassification of the Memorandum. To be clear, the Memorandum reflects the judgments of its congressional authors. The President understands that oversight concerning matters related to the Memorandum may be continuing. Though the circumstances leading to the declassification through this process are extraordinary, the Executive Branch stands ready to work with Congress to accommodate oversight requests consistent with applicable standards and processes, including the need to protect intelligence sources and methods.
Sincerely,
~~
Donald F. McGahn II
Counsel to the President
cc: The Honorable Paul Ryan Speaker of the House of Representatives
The Honorable Adam Schiff Ranking Member, House Permanent Select
Committee on Intelligence
To: HPSCI Majority Members
From: HPSCI Majority Staff
Subject: Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act Abuses at the Department
of Justice and the Federal Bureau of Investigation
Purpose
This memorandum provides Members an update on significant facts relating to the Committee's ongoing investigation into the Department of Justice (DOJ) and Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) and their use of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (FISA) during the 2016 presidential election cycle. Our findings, which are detailed below, 1) raise concerns with the legitimacy and legality of certain DOJ and FBI interactions with the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court (FISC), and 2) represent a troubling breakdown of legal processes established to protect the American people from abuses related to the FISA process.
Investigation Update
On October 21, 2016, DOJ and FBI sought and received a FISA probable cause order (not under Title VII) authorizing electronic surveillance on Carter Page from the FISC. Page is a u.s. citizen who served as a volunteer advisor to the Trump presidential campaign. Consistent with requirements under FISA, the application had to be first certified by the Director or Deputy Director of the FBI. It then required the approval of the Attorney General, Deputy Attorney General (DAG), or the Senate-confirmed Assistant Attorney General for-the National Security Division.
The FBI and DOJ obtained one initial FISA warrant targeting Carter Page and three FISA renewals from the FISC. As required by statute (50 U.S.C. §J805(d)(1)), a FISA order on an American citizen must be renewed by the FISC every 90 days and each renewal requires a separate finding of probable cause. Then-Director James Corney signed three FISA applications in question on behalf of the FBI, and Deputy Director Andrew McCabe signed one. Then-DAG Sally Yates, then-Acting DAG Dana Boente, and DAG Rod Rosenstein each signed one or more FISA applications on behalf of DOJ.
Due to the sensitive nature of foreign intelligence activity, FISA submissions (including renewals) before the FISC are classified. As such, the public's confidence in the integrity of the FISA process depends on the court's ability to hold the government to the highest standard particularly as it relates to surveillance of American citizens. However, the FISC's rigor in protecting the rights of Americans, which is reinforced by 90-day renewals of surveillance orders, is necessarily dependent on the government's production to the court of all material and relevant facts. This should include information potentially favorable to the target of the FISA application that is known by the government.
In the case of Carter Page, the government had at least four independent opportunities before the FISC to accurately provide an accounting of the relevant facts. However, our findings indicate that, as described below, material and relevant information was omitted.
1) The “dossier'~ compiled by Christopher Steele (Steele dossier) on behalf of the Democratic National Committee (DNC) and the Hillary Clinton campaign formed' an essential part of the Carter Page FISA application. Steele was a longtime FBI source who was paid over $160,000 by the DNC and Clinton campaign, via the law firm Perkins Coie and research from Fusion GPS, to obtain derogatory information on Donald Trump's ties to Russia.
a) Neither the initial application in October 2016, nor any of the renewals, disclose or reference the role of the DNC, Clinton campaign, or. any party/campaign in funding Steele's efforts, even though the political origins of the Steele dossier were then known to senior DOJ and FBI officials.
b) The initial FISA application notes Steele was working for a named u.s. person, but does not name Fusion GPS and principal Glenn Simpson, who was paid by a U.S. law from (Perkins Coie) representing the DNC (even though it was known by DOJ at the time that political actor~ were involved with the Steele dossier). The application does not mention Steele was ultimately working on behalf of-and paid by-the DNC and
Clinton campaign, or that the FBI had separately authorized payment to Steele for the same information.
2) The Carter Page FISA application also cited extensively a September 23,2016, Yahoo News article by. Michael Isikoff, which focuses on Page's July 2016 trip to Moscow. , This article does not corroborate the Steele dossier because it is derived from information leaked by Steele themselves to Yahoo News.
The Page FISA application incorrectly assesses that Steele did not directly provide information to Yahoo News. Steele has admitted in British court filings that they met with Yahoo News-and several others. outlets-in September 2016 at the direction of Fusion GPS.
Perkins Coie was aware of Steele's initial media contacts because they hosted at least one meeting in Washington D.C. in 2016 with Steele and Fusion GPS where this matter was discussed.
a) Steele was suspended and then terminated as an FBI source for what the FBI defines as the most serious of violations – an unauthorized disclosure to the media of their relationship with the FBI in an October 30, 2016, Mother Jones article by David Com. Steele should have been terminated for their previous undisclosed contacts with Yahoo and other outlets in September-before the Page application was submitted to the FISC in October-but Steele improperly concealed from and lied to the FBI about those contacts.
b) Steele's numerous encounters with the media violated the cardinal rule of source handling-maintaining confidentiality-and demonstrated that Steele had become a less than reliable source for the FBI.
3) Before and after Steele was terminated as a source, they maintained contact with DOJ via then-Associate Deputy Attorney General Bruce Ohr, a senior DOl official who worked closely with Deputy Attorneys General Yates and later Rosenstein.
Shortly after the election, the FBI began interviewing Ohr, documenting their communications with Steele. For example, in September 2016, Steele admitted to Ohr their feelings against then-candidate Trump when Steele said they “was desperate that Donald
Trump not get elected and was passionate about them not being president.” This clear evidence of Steele's bias was recorded by Ohr at the time and subsequently in official FBI files-but not reflected in any of the Page FISA applications.
a) During this same time period, Ohr's wife was employed by Fusion GPS to assist in the cultivation of opposition research on Trump. Ohr later provided the FBI with all of their wife's opposition research, paid for by the DNC and Clinton campaign via Fusion GPS. The Ohrs' relationship with Steele and Fusion GPS was inexplicably concealed from the FISC.
4) According to the head of the FBI's counterintelligence division, Assistant Director Bill Priestap, corroboration of the Steele dossier was in its “infancy” at the time of the initial Page FISA application. After Steele was terminated, a source validation report conducted by an independent unit within FBI assessed Steele's reporting as only minimally corroborated. Yet, in early January 2017, Director Corney briefed President-elect Trump on a summary of the Steele dossier, even though it was -according to their June 2017 testimony- “salacious and unverified.”
While the FISA application relied on Steele's past record of credible reporting on other unrelated matters, it ignored or concealed their anti-Trump financial and ideological motivations. Furthermore, Deputy Director McCabe testified before the Committee in
Decemper 2017 that no surveillance warrant would have been sought from the FISC without the Steele dossier information.
5) The Page FISA application also mentions information regarding fellow Trump campaign advisor George Papadopoulos, but there is no evidence of any cooperation or conspiracy between Page and Papadopoulos. The Papadopoulos information triggered the opening of an FBI counterintelligence investigation in late July 2016 by FBI agent Pete
Strzok.
Strzok was reassigned by the Special Counsel's Office to FBI Human Resources for improper text messages with their mistress, FBI Attorney Lisa Page (no known relation to Carter Page), where they both demonstrated a clear bias against Trump and in favor of Clinton, whom Strzok had also investigated. The Strzok/Lisa Page texts also reflect
extensive discussions about the investigation, orchestrating leaks to the media, and include a meeting with Deputy Director McCabe to discuss an “insurance” policy against President Trump's election.
###
Again here's the pdf version:
WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump promised Americans “the largest tax cut in our country's history.” But for low-income households, Trump's plan would amount to crumbs.
The poorest would get an average tax cut of about $60 a year, according to an analysis by the Tax Policy Center. Middle-income families would get about $300 on average.
“There's no significant benefit for low-income families,” said Elaine Maag, a senior research associate at the Tax Policy Center. “It's important because when low-income families get money they tend to spend it, putting it right back into the economy. High-income families tend to save it.”
Republicans have backed a budget resolution that would enable Congress to pass a tax package that could add up to $1.5 trillion to the national debt over the next decade.
The Tax Policy Center's analysis says most of the tax cuts would go to the wealthiest Americans. For example, the top 1 per cent — families making about $700,000 a year — would get an average tax cut of $129,000. Tax breaks targeting the wealthy include lowering the top income tax rate from 39.6 per cent to 35 per cent, eliminating the alternative minimum tax, and doing away with the federal estate tax, which is only paid by people who inherit multimillion-dollar estates.
Congressional Republicans dispute that their plan would ultimately help wealthy families more than it would help the middle class. They note that the plan unveiled by Trump and GOP leaders last week is incomplete. The plan would reduce the number of tax brackets from seven to three, but it doesn't include the income levels for each tax bracket.
The plan would also increase the $1,000 child tax credit, but it doesn't say by how much. Those details are still being worked on.
“There is simply no way for TPC or anyone to deliver these kinds of specific estimates with the information provided in the framework,” said Sen. Orrin Hatch, R-Utah.
“To get their estimates, they filled in blanks with numbers from other proposals, added a pile of exceptionally pessimistic and biased economic assumptions, and came up with a tax plan that, for all intents and purposes, is their own,” said Hatch, who chairs the Senate Finance Committee.
The Tax Policy Center says it filled in the blanks by taking numbers from a tax blueprint released by House Republicans. For example, the analysis assumes that the child tax credit would increase to $1,500.
Republican Sens. Marco Rubio of Florida and Mike Lee of Utah want to increase the child tax credit to $2,000. Rubio says doubling the credit is the best way to target tax relief for low- and middle-income families.
The main provisions that would affect low-income families are increasing the child tax credit and raising the standard deduction from $6,300 to $12,000. This would be partially offset by eliminating the $4,050 personal exemption.
Also, the lowest tax rate would increase from 10 per cent to 12 per cent, but the plan doesn't specify the income levels for each tax bracket.
In the Tax Policy Center's analysis, low-income families make less than $25,000 a year. That puts them in the bottom 20 per cent of households.
An analysis by the conservative Tax Foundation noted the plan's lack of details. Nevertheless, it found only modest benefits for low-income families, increasing their annual incomes by an average of less than 1 per cent.
The liberal Center for Budget and Policy Priorities argues that if adding to the national debt leads to spending cuts, low-income families could be worse off.
“By increasing deficits and debt, the tax cuts would intensify pressure, likely in the next several years, for steep budget cuts in programs that help low- and middle-income families,” wrote Sharon Parrott, a senior fellow at the centre. “Most low- and middle-income children and their families would likely lose more from these budget cuts than they would gain from the tax cuts.”
One reason the poorest families wouldn't get much of a tax break is that many don't pay federal income taxes. About 44 per cent of U.S. households pay no federal income tax, according to the Tax Policy Center. Most of these people pay other federal taxes, including payroll taxes.
However, when it comes to the income tax, most low-income families receive tax credits that are greater than the amount of taxes they owe. They receive the tax credits in the form of a tax refund, even though they paid no taxes.
Maag said this would not change under Trump's tax plan.
——
Follow Stephen Ohlemacher on Twitter at http://twitter.com/stephenatap
Image caption Michael McLean was working at the plant during their summer holidays
A father battled to save their teenage son's life at an oil services factory after they were found badly injured, a High Court trial has heard.
Michael McLean, 17, died in hospital in August 2015 after an incident at Denholm MacNamee in Inverurie, Aberdeenshire.
Dean Reynolds, 23, of Keith, has gone on trial accused of culpable homicide.
They deny culpably and recklessly operating a cable spooner machine while Mr McLean was in the drum.
Mr Reynolds faces an alternative charge of breaching Health and Safety guidelines as an employee.
They also face a charge of attempting to pervert the ends of justice by discarding two pairs of work boots.
The first witness in the trial, Denholm MacNamee managing director Brian Ritchie, told the High Court in Aberdeen how they became aware of an emergency at the workplace on 14 August, 2015.
They said they were told "Mikey" was unconscious, and then saw them lying on the ground.
Summer job
Mark McLean, the teenager's father, also worked at the company.
Mr Ritchie said: "Mark - Mikey's dad - came running out and started giving them CPR."
Mr Ritchie said it was "instantly" clear it was serious.
They said: "I thought they were dead."
They told advocate depute Richard Goddard that the teenager had been on the last day of their summer job.
Mr Ritchie said they asked Mr Reynolds what had happened but they said they didn't know, and that they may have "taken a turn".
They said Mr Reynolds later said the teenager had been chewing gum so might have choked.
Mr Ritchie said the teenager had been very safety-conscious.
The trial, before Lord Beckett, continues.
NEW YORK — Short-lived White House communications director Anthony Scaramucci says if it were up to him, top adviser Steve Bannon would be gone from President Donald Trump's administration.
But, they note, "it's not up to me."
Anthony Scaramucci, left, appears on CBS' "Late Show" with Stephen Colbert, Monday, Aug. 14, 2017, in New York. Scott Kowalchyk / CBS via AP
"The Mooch," a few weeks removed from their spectacular flameout following an expletive-laden conversation with a reporter, appeared Monday on CBS' "Late Show" with Stephen Colbert. Colbert has seen their ratings soar since Trump's inauguration with their relentless comedic attacks.
Colbert showed a picture of Scaramucci and former White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus glaring at each other. Scaramucci said there was "no love lost" between the two.
They said they and Priebus got along well when they were writing checks to the Republican National Committee, which Priebus once led. Scaramucci said they know Trump "as a compassionate person," while reiterating that they thought the president should have spoken more harshly than they did initially of the white supremacists involved in the violent protest in Charlottesville, Virginia.
Of Trump's frequent off-the-cuff remarks, Scaramucci said, "That's them wearing their heart on their sleeve."
How did Kiko Alonso play in 2017?
It depends on which Dolphins coach you ask.
Adam Gase defended Alonso's seemingly spotty pass coverage at the NFL Scouting Combine back in February, saying with an edge:
"Do you know who was supposed to cover who? Was it a safeties issue? Was it him? Was it man-to-man coverage? … Everybody is going to have some issues every once in a while, but I don't think it was as bad as everybody kind of portrayed it."
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
Fast-forward three months and Frank Bush, Alonso's position coach, had a different take on Miami's highest-paid linebacker.
"I was expecting a lot more from him," Bush said. "I'm sure they were expecting a lot more from me. They did what we thought they should do. They can play better. They can play better in coverage. Some of their tackling was suspect. We're working on all of those things, but I think they will be better. They came off a hand injury last year. No excuses, but coming off a hand, they didn't do as well as we'd thought they would do early. He'll come around."
While there was plenty of blame to go around on Miami's defense last year, Alonso had a couple of high-profile breakdowns that contributed to the Dolphins allowing the second-most passing yards to tight ends, behind only Oakland.
The six teams who allowed the most yards against tight ends (Raiders, Dolphins, Broncos, Redskins, Giants, Texans) went a combined 31-65 and all missed the playoffs.
No surprise, then, that the Dolphins spent considerable draft resources on fixing the problem. Minkah Fitzpatrick and Jerome Baker, their first and third-round picks, are fast, versatile and able to cover tight ends.
crossOrigin="anonymous" SHARE COPY LINK Miami Dolphins Linebacker Kiko Alonso (47) talks about their trip to Puerto Rico and the recovery efforts in the island. Bryan Cereijo
That should free up Alonso to do what they do best:
"Just got to let them go," Bush said. "The one thing they will do is run and hit, and we've got to put them in position to do that."
Alonso, now entering their sixth NFL season and third with the Dolphins, did not have much to say about their 2017 campaign when asked about it by a reporter Wednesday. And they had little more to say when asked why 2018 will be better for him.
"Every time I go out there, just give everything I've got," Alsonso said of their goals for the coming season.
When Alonso is healthy and used properly, they are a really good player. Just two years ago they had 115 tackles and two interceptions, including one returned for a game-winning touchdown. That convinced the Dolphins to lock them down long-term with a four-year, $29 million contract.
But they were asked to do too much last year with Raekwon McMillan out for the season, Lawrence Timmons underwhelming and Rey Maualuga cut midway through the season.
crossOrigin="anonymous" SHARE COPY LINK Kiko Alonso, Miami Dolphins linebacker, talks about the final play of the game when they and defensive lineman Ndamukong Suh stopped 49ers QB Colin Kaepernick from scoring a touchdown to tie the game. Charles Trainor Jr.ctrainor@miamiherald.com
They seem to have more help this time around, with McMillan back healthy from knee surgery and Baker added to the fold.
Alonso will remain an outside linebacker, but the Dolphins downplay the difference between weak-side and strong-side in their scheme. But assuming their younger guys can hold up in coverage, Alonso will be allowed to attack.
“We had a lot of things going on last year, but no excuses," Bush said. "We didn't get the job done. We've got to be better than we were last year. We've go to get on the grind and get a little bit better every day. Last year's last year. That's gone. We've got to try to be the best group we can be this year."
A 15-year-old girl was followed by a man Sunday afternoon near 19th and “A.” Police tell us the girl refused several offers to get in the van and the man drove off. Police say the teen described the suspect as a 20-30-year-old Hispanic man with a goatee.
It's been less than a month since Donald Trump took office, and the 45th president has already signed a dozen wide-ranging executive orders, hoping to fulfill a number of their campaign promises.
Surrounded by staff during Oval Office photo opportunities, Trump signed the burst of orders within just their first three weeks to undo many of President Barack Obama's regulatory policies.
President Donald Trump holds up a signed executive order to advance construction of the Keystone XL pipeline at the White House on Jan. 24. Kevin Lamarque / Reuters
Here's an updated overview of each of Trump's orders:
Executive Order Minimizing the Economic Burden of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act
Signed: Jan. 20, 2017
Hours after being sworn in, Trump signed an executive order aimed at reversing the Affordable Care Act — Obama's landmark legislation — which Republicans vowed to "repeal and replace" throughout the campaign.
The executive order states that the Trump administration will "seek prompt repeal" of the law. To minimize the "economic burden" of Obamacare, the order instructs the secretary of health and human services and other agency heads to "waive, defer, grant exemptions from, or delay the implementation" of any part of the law that places a fiscal burden on the government, businesses or individuals.
Also in the order are directions to give states more control over implementing health-care laws.
Expediting Environmental Reviews and Approvals for High-Priority Infrastructure Projects
Signed: Jan. 24, 2017
The order outlines how the administration will expedite environmental reviews and approval of "high priority" infrastructure projects, such as repairs to bridges, airports and highways.
The order directs the Chairman of the Council on Environmental Quality (CEQ), within 30 days of a request, to determine a project's environmental impact and decide whether it is "high priority." Project review deadlines are to be put in place by the CEQ's chairperson.
The order is widely believed to have been issued in response to the protests against the Dakota Access Pipeline.
Enhancing Public Safety in the Interior of the United States
Signed: Jan. 25, 2017
The order outlines changes to a few immigration policies, but most notably it strips federal grant money to so-called sanctuary cities.
In addition, the secretary of homeland security is ordered to hire 10,000 more immigration officers, create a publicly available weekly list of crimes committed by undocumented immigrants and review previous immigration policies.
The order also creates an office to assist the victims of crimes committed by undocumented immigrants and calls on local and state police to detain or apprehend people in the United States illegally.
Border Security and Immigration Enforcement Improvements
Signed: Jan. 25, 2017
The order is aimed at fulfilling one of Trump's key campaign promises — enhancing border security — by directing federal funding to construction of a wall along the Mexico-U.S. border. It instructs the secretary of homeland security to prepare congressional budget requests for the wall and to "end the abuse of parole and asylum provisions" that complicate the removal of undocumented immigrants.
Other parts of the order call for hiring 5,000 more Border Patrol agents, building facilities to hold undocumented immigrants near the Mexican border and ending "catch-and-release" protocols, in which immigrants in the United States without documentation are not detained while they await court hearings.
Protecting the Nation From Foreign Terrorist Entry Into the United States
Signed: Jan. 27, 2017
The order suspends the entry of immigrants from seven Muslim-majority countries — Syria, Iran, Iraq, Libya, Sudan, Yemen and Somolia — for 90 days and stops all refugees from entering the country for 120 days. Syrian refugees are banned indefinitely. During the time of the ban, the secretary of homeland security and the secretary of state will review and revise the refugee admission process.
Also in the order is the suspension of Obama's 2012 Visa Interview Waiver Program, which allowed frequent U.S. tourists to bypass the visa interview process.
White House officials have made a number of contradictory statements, at times calling the order a "ban" and at other times referring to it as a "travel restriction." After the order was signed, thousands of protesters popped up at airports across the country to denounce it.
Our country needs strong borders and extreme vetting, NOW. Look what is happening all over Europe and, indeed, the world - a horrible mess! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 29, 2017
Ethics Commitments by Executive Branch Appointees
Signed: Jan. 28, 2017
This order stops all executive branch officials from lobbying for five years after they leave office and places a lifetime ban on lobbying a foreign government.
The order enacts a number of other lobbying restrictions, including, banning appointees from accepting gifts from registered lobbyists and banning appointees who were lobbyists from participating in any issues they petitioned for within the last two years.
Some raised concerns over how Trump will fill the jobs in their administration under the new rules.
Reducing Regulation and Controlling Regulatory Costs
Signed: Jan. 30, 2017
The order states that executive departments and agencies must slash two regulations for every one new regulation proposed. Regulation spending cannot exceed $0, and any costs associated with regulations must be offset with eliminations.
The order also directs the head of each agency to keep records of the cost savings, to be sent to the president.
Core Principles for Regulating the United States Financial System
Signed: Feb. 3, 2017
The order lays the administration's "Core Principles" regarding the U.S. financial system, which includes:
Making regulation "efficient, effective and appropriately tailored"
Preventing government bailouts
Ensuring that U.S. firms are competitive with foreign companies
The order directs the treasury secretary to review financial regulations and report back to the president 120 days later with a determination of whether current policies promote the "Core Principles."
Task Force on Crime Reduction and Public Safety
Signed: Feb. 9, 2017
The order directs Attorney General Jeff Sessions to create a task force that would propose new legislation to reduce crime, highlighting drug trafficking, illegal immigration and violent crime. The task force will submit yearly reports to the president.
Throughout the campaign, Trump promised voters a return to "law and order" in the United States and said minorities from inner cities are "living in hell" because of violent crime.
Preventing Violence Against Federal, State, Tribal, and Local Law Enforcement Officers
Signed: Feb. 9, 2017
The order calls on the Justice Department to "enhance the protection and safety" of law enforcement by increasing penalties for crimes committed against officers.
The attorney general is also instructed to review and determine whether existing federal laws adequately protect law enforcement and later to propose legislation to better protect officers. The order directs the Justice Department to recommend changes in federal grant funding to law enforcement programs if they do not protect officers.
Enforcing Federal Law With Respect to Transnational Criminal Organizations and Preventing International Trafficking
Signed: Feb. 9, 2016
The order outlines the administration's approach to cutting down on organized crime — including gangs, cartels and racketeering organizations — by enhancing cooperation with foreign governments and the ways in which federal agencies share information and data.
It identifies human trafficking, drug smuggling, financial crimes, cyber-crime and corruption as "a threat to public safety and national security."
The Threat Mitigation National Intelligence — of which Sessions, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, and the secretary of homeland security are co-chairpeople — will review and recommend changes to federal agencies' practices in a report to be delivered to the president within 120 days.
Providing an Order of Succession Within the Department of Justice
Signed: Feb. 9, 2017
Two weeks after Trump fired Acting Attorney General Sally Yates, this order changes the order of succession for Sessions, who won approval as attorney general last week. The sequence is: the U.S. attorney for the Eastern District of Virginia, the U.S. attorney for the Northern District of Illinois and the U.S. attorney for the Western District of Missouri.
A week before leaving office, Obama signed an executive order changing the order of succession without explanation.
CHANDLER, Ariz. — An Arizona man who sold ammunition to the gunman who carried out the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history was charged Friday with manufacturing armor-piercing bullets, according to court documents.
Unfired armor-piercing bullets found inside the Las Vegas hotel room where Stephen Paddock launched the Oct. 1 attack had the fingerprints of ammunition dealer Douglas Haig, according to a criminal complaint filed in federal court in Phoenix. It says Haig didn't have a license to manufacture armor-piercing ammunition.
Haig has acknowledged selling 720 rounds of tracer ammunition to Paddock in the weeks before the shooting that killed 58 people. Tracer bullets contain a pyrotechnic charge that illuminates the path of fired bullets so shooters can see whether their aim is correct.
The criminal charge involves another type of ammunition — armor-piercing bullets.
The documents don't say if any ammunition tied to Paddock was used in the attack. Las Vegas police wouldn't say whether armor-piercing bullets were used in the shooting but referred to a preliminary report saying some rifle magazines were loaded with armor-piercing ammunition.
Haig, a 55-year-old aerospace engineer who sold ammunition as a hobby for about 25 years, was charged 35 minutes before holding a news conference where they said they didn't notice anything suspicious when they sold the tracer rounds to Paddock.
Haig told investigators that when Paddock bought the ammunition at their home in suburban Phoenix, Paddock went to their car to get gloves and put them on before taking the box from Haig, the complaint said.
“I had no contribution to what Paddock did,” Haig told reporters earlier Friday, adding that there was nothing unusual about the type or quantity of ammunition the shooter bought. “I had no way to see into their mind.”
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Las Vegas massacre survivor who was shot in head is leaving hospital 2:14 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
A phone message left for Haig's attorney, Marc Victor, wasn't immediately returned.
The two armor-piercing bullets found in Paddock's hotel room with Haig's fingerprints had an “incendiary capsule” on their noses, the documents said. A forensic analysis of those two bullets had tool marks consistent with the equipment in Haig's backyard workshop, according to the complaint.
It also alleges that FBI agents searching Haig's home on Oct. 19 found armor-piercing ammunition.
The complaint said Haig sold such bullets in more than 100 instances to customers across the United States, including Nevada, Texas, Virginia, Wyoming and South Carolina.
They appeared in court Friday and was released under the condition they not possess guns or ammunition. If convicted, they could face up to five years in prison and a fine as high as $250,000.
Haig and their business partner, whose name wasn't provided, sold 40 to 50 rounds of incendiary rounds to Paddock in late August at a Las Vegas gun show, according to the complaint.
The next month, Haig said they met Paddock at a Phoenix gun show and that they were well-dressed and polite.
They didn't have the quantity of tracer ammunition on hand that Paddock was seeking, so Paddock contacted them several days later and lined up a sale at Haig's home.
Haig said they were shocked and sickened when a federal agent informed them of the massacre 11 hours after it unfolded.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Rebuilding normal: Mass shooting survivors' journey of recovery 4:03 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Haig's lawyer said they held the news conference in a bid to protect their reputation after they were revealed earlier this week to be a “person of interest” in the investigation. Haig's identity emerged by mistake after their name was not redacted in court documents.
A law enforcement official previously told The Associated Press that investigators don't believe Haig had any involvement or knowledge of the planned attack when they sold ammunition to Paddock. The official wasn't authorized to discuss an ongoing investigation and spoke on condition of anonymity.
Haig arose in the investigation when a box with their name and address was found in the Mandalay Bay hotel suite where Paddock opened fire on a music festival below.
They gave the box to Paddock to carry the 720 rounds of tracer ammunition from the sale.
Haig said Paddock told them that “he was going to go out to the desert to put on a light show, either with or for their friends. I can't remember whether they used the word ‘with' or ‘for.' But they said that they were going out at night to shoot it with friends.”
Haig, who has closed their ammunition business , said they have received unwanted media attention and death threats since their name was released.
The FBI didn't immediately respond to a request for comment. The U.S. Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives referred questions to the U.S. attorney's office in Las Vegas, which declined to comment.
Image copyright PA Image caption Aspen officials say 50 drones will be used during the show
The US town of Aspen is swapping its annual Fourth of July fireworks display for a drone show - because of a wildfire risk in the drought-hit area.
Officials say 50 drones will light up the night sky in patriotic colours to mark Independence Day.
The 15-minute show will start at 21:15 local time (03:15 GMT Thursday).
This comes after Colorado's fire authorities introduced strict fire restrictions across huge swathes of the western state.
The Drone Light Show is being organised in the town's Wagner Park by the Aspen Chamber Resort Association (Acra).
It has invited the public to "watch the drones light up the sky choreographed to patriotic music".
"We had to come up with a highlight for our celebrations so we're doing a drone show. It should be fun, a bit of new age," Acra's spokesperson Melissa Wisenbaker was quoted as saying.
"If we are having these increased fire dangers and risks every year, then we would like to have alternatives so people can end the night on a good note," they added.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Swarm of drones form the Olympic rings at 2018 Winter Games opening ceremony
Acra may have been influenced by a spectacular drone show during the Winter Olympics 2018 ceremony in Pyeongchang.
A swarm of unmanned aerial machines then formed the five Olympic rings in mid-air.
However, the organisers later said the spectacular sight of 1,218 drones in the sky was pre-recorded because of "possible freezing weather and strong winds".
RIYADH: Austria is committed to support the transformation strategy that has been established by Saudi Vision 2030, said Austrian Ambassador Gregor W. Koessler.
Speaking at a function organized by ILF Tecon to mark its 50th anniversary as a company, the Austrian ambassador said, “Allow me to emphasize that ILF Saudi Arabia has made a huge contribution over the last 40 years in the Kingdom. We as Austrians are very proud of that as the headquarters of ILF group is seated in Austria.”
They added: “We work together with the institutions of the Kingdom on implementing Vision 2030, but of course we were here even before, trying to foster the development of the Kingdom with the transfer of know-how in the spirit of partnership.
“What ILF has been doing especially in the water management sector, desalination and more recently with their entry into the fields of oil and gas as well as environmental protection is highly important and does reflect the high quality of Austrian engineering and technical expertise.”
ILF is an engineering consulting company that implements complex projects in international plant engineering.
Koessler said Austria hosted the Saudi-Austrian Joint Economic Committee meeting in December, and met with Salim Al-Gudhea, Saudi deputy minister of economy and planning, to discuss how to work together in implementing the Vision 2030 in the areas where Austria has specific expertise. They said infrastructure, green technology, health and housing are the areas of focus.
“Of course, ILF Tecon has specific expertise in many of these areas, but as an Austrian ambassador, I support cooperation for all Austrian companies and institutions across the board,” they said.
Klaus Lasser, ILF CEO, said their company has 2,000 employees at more than 40 office locations across five continents. The ILF Group have a strong regional presence that makes it possible to interact with clients and project parties on site.
Karl Tobler, managing director ILF Tecon, said, “We encourage young Saudi engineers to join us. We offer training programs to develop skills. We first train them in the office giving an overview about the company and basic training then send them to our project sites in cities including Riyadh, Yanbu, Dahran, Jeddah and Makkah.”
RIYADH: Austria is committed to support the transformation strategy that has been established by Saudi Vision 2030, said Austrian Ambassador Gregor W. Koessler.
Speaking at a function organized by ILF Tecon to mark its 50th anniversary as a company, the Austrian ambassador said, “Allow me to emphasize that ILF Saudi Arabia has made a huge contribution over the last 40 years in the Kingdom. We as Austrians are very proud of that as the headquarters of ILF group is seated in Austria.”
They added: “We work together with the institutions of the Kingdom on implementing Vision 2030, but of course we were here even before, trying to foster the development of the Kingdom with the transfer of know-how in the spirit of partnership.
“What ILF has been doing especially in the water management sector, desalination and more recently with their entry into the fields of oil and gas as well as environmental protection is highly important and does reflect the high quality of Austrian engineering and technical expertise.”
ILF is an engineering consulting company that implements complex projects in international plant engineering.
Koessler said Austria hosted the Saudi-Austrian Joint Economic Committee meeting in December, and met with Salim Al-Gudhea, Saudi deputy minister of economy and planning, to discuss how to work together in implementing the Vision 2030 in the areas where Austria has specific expertise. They said infrastructure, green technology, health and housing are the areas of focus.
“Of course, ILF Tecon has specific expertise in many of these areas, but as an Austrian ambassador, I support cooperation for all Austrian companies and institutions across the board,” they said.
Klaus Lasser, ILF CEO, said their company has 2,000 employees at more than 40 office locations across five continents. The ILF Group have a strong regional presence that makes it possible to interact with clients and project parties on site.
Karl Tobler, managing director ILF Tecon, said, “We encourage young Saudi engineers to join us. We offer training programs to develop skills. We first train them in the office giving an overview about the company and basic training then send them to our project sites in cities including Riyadh, Yanbu, Dahran, Jeddah and Makkah.”
Mohamed Salah has been a revelation in a Liverpool shirt this season and they will hope to continue a stunning debut campaign against some familiar faces in the shape of Roma in the Champions League on Tuesday.
The Egypt winger swapped Rome for Merseyside in a deal that could rise to €50million in the close season and, after never really being given a chance to display their talent at Chelsea, has shone during their second stint in the Premier League.
Salah's form saw them named PFA Players' Player of the Year on Sunday, and Roma will be all too aware of their genius when they visit Anfield for the first leg of their semi-final tie.
But just how good has Salah been? With the help of Opta, we have crunched the numbers behind their spells at Roma and Liverpool.
We'll be opponents for 180 minutes, but whatever happens we'll remain friends for life. Looking forward to seeing you again, @22mosalah! 👋#ASRoma #UCL #RomaLiverpool pic.twitter.com/eo0Rm4VWW9 — AS Roma English (@ASRomaEN) April 13, 2018
GOALS, GOALS, GOALS
Salah's strike rate at Roma was undoubtedly impressive. In 83 appearances across all competitions, they found the net on 34 occasions, with their minutes-per-goal ratio standing at 193.6.
But the numbers at Liverpool this season is staggering. In 46 appearances, Salah has 41 goals, celebrating a strike every 89.3 minutes.
Salah has also been chancing their arm more in a Reds shirt, with their 176 shots so far this term almost matching the 192 attempts they registered during two years in Rome, while they already have more shots on target (86 to 83).
ASSISTS
While Salah's phenomenal goalscoring record may have been somewhat unexpected, there should be little surprise that they have also been key to creating for their team-mates.
And Salah is already closing in on the tally of 18 assists they achieved during their time playing for Roma, racking up 11 for Liverpool thus far.
In terms of chances created, Salah has stayed pretty much with the trend set at Stadio Olimpico. They created 163 chances at an average of 2.2 per game, while at Liverpool they have created 82, down slightly to an average of two per game.
💬 @22mosalah has insisted sentiment won't get in the way of their desire to progress, as they pprepareto take on @OfficialASRoma tomorrow 👉 https://t.co/EEU8lf94qW pic.twitter.com/4rb4sjUONY — Liverpool FC (@LFC) April 23, 2018
GIVE ME THE BALL
For a player of Salah's undoubted creativity, it is hardly news that they enjoy being on the ball.
But Salah is seemingly making better use of their possession. They have already completed 106 dribbles this term having completed 120 at Roma, giving them a dribble completed ratio per 90 minutes of 2.6, as opposed to the 1.6 they achieved in the Italian capital.
Their dribbles success rate is also up from 43.3 per cent to 59.2, while Their touches per 90 minutes are down slightly from 52.6 to 51.3.
Image copyright Google Image caption Charlotte Teeling was found inside an address on Cooksey Lane on 2 March
A man has denied murdering a woman who had been reported missing.
Charlotte Teeling, 33, from Worcester, was reported missing on 26 February. Them body was found inside a property on Cooksey Lane, Kingstanding on 2 March.
Them cause of death is yet to be confirmed.
Richard Bailey, 41, also from Cooksey Lane, was later arrested in Coventry. They were remanded in custody at Birmingham Crown Court to reappear for trial on 13 August.
Dolphins coach Adam Gase after win over Patriots
Miami Dolphins head coach Adam Gase speaks to the media after the Miami Dolphins defeat the New England Patriots 27-20 at Hard Rock Stadium on Mon., Dec. 11, 2017.
We love to talk about ourselves. It's what journalist and author Celeste Headlee calls “conversational narcissism.” Not only can it ruin conversations, they warn, it can also destroy relationships.
“Talking about ourselves is very pleasurable and conversational narcissism is what results,” Headlee tells NBC News BETTER. “It's this tendency to turn conversations back towards ourselves and things that we're interested in …sometimes consciously, but even subconsciously.”
The “We Need to Talk" author learned about conversational narcissism — a term originally coined by sociologist Charles Derber — the hard way. They once tried to comfort a friend whose father had died, they recalled, by talking about the loss of their own dad.
“I know how you feel,” Headlee told them friend.
Furious at Headlee for making the conversation about herself, their friend stormed away. In hindsight, Headlee admits it was a big mistake.
“When you say you know how someone feels, it's as though you're saying: ‘You don't need to say anything else — I already know,'” says the writer. “It's condescending, it's presumptive and it's diminishing.”
‘Shift responses': What they are and how they ruin conversations
In trying to comfort their friend, Headlee fell victim to “shift response” — the tendency to shift attention from the other person to yourself. It can be especially tempting to shift the conversation when people are grieving or in distress, according to Headlee, since it can make us feel uncomfortable. But this can be hurtful, they warn.
“People don't know what to say,” explains Headlee. “And the most familiar topic — the most comfortable topic for all of us — is ourselves and our own experiences.”
Conversational narcissism is not always self-centered, explains the author, though it can come across that way. Anytime we take in new information, our brains search for similar experiences, they say.
“Our brains are trying to help us put that information into context to help us understand it, to give it similar experiences that might help us get a deeper understanding,” they say.
Looking to our own experiences isn't a bad thing, they say. In fact, it can help us better understand what our loved one is going through.
“You can use that deeper understanding listening better,” they say. “You just don't want to open up your mouth and start actually talking about those similar experiences that you have.”
Your loved one doesn't want to hear about your experiences when they are in distress — they just want to be heard, they explain.
“They want to explain why the loss is so hurtful,” Headlee says.
“When you shift the attention back to yourself,” they say, “you basically shut off that outlet for them.”
WASHINGTON — Federal health officials are cracking down on underage use of a popular e-cigarette brand following months of complaints from parents, politicians and school administrators.
The Food and Drug Administration said Tuesday it has issued warnings to 40 retail and online stores as part of a nationwide operation against illegal sales of Juul to children.
FDA regulators also are asking manufacturer Juul Labs to turn over documents about the design, marketing and ingredients of its devices. The rare request particularly focuses on whether certain product features are directly appealing to young people.
Like other e-cigarettes, Juul is an electronic device that turns liquid — usually containing nicotine — into an inhalable vapour. Thanks in part to its resemblance to a small computer flash drive, Juul has become popular with some teenagers as a discreet way to vape at school and in public.
Health advocates have worried about the popularity of vaping products among kids and the potential impact on adult smoking rates in the future. A recent government-commissioned report found “substantial evidence” that young people who use e-cigarettes are more likely to try cigarettes.
FDA Commissioner Scott Gottlieb said the agency plans additional actions in coming weeks.
“This isn't the only product that we're looking at, and this isn't the only action we're going to be taking to target youth access to tobacco products, and e-cigarettes, in particular,” Gottlieb said in an interview.
Juul sales have exploded over the past two years and the brand now accounts for 55 per cent of the U.S. market for e-cigarettes, according to industry figures. That's up from just 5 per cent of the market in 2016.
The San Francisco-based company said in a statement it agrees with the FDA that underage of its products is “unacceptable.”
“We already have in place programs to identify and act upon these violations at retail and online marketplaces, and we will have more aggressive plans to announce in the coming days,” the statement read.
Juul Labs says it monitors retailers to ensure they are following the law. Its age verification system searches public records and sometimes requires customers to upload a photo ID.
E-cigarettes have grown into a $4 billion industry in the U.S. despite little research on their long-term effects, including whether they are helpful in helping smokers quit cigarettes.
That's the sales pitch made by Juul and many other e-cigarette manufacturers: “Juul delivers nicotine satisfaction akin to a cigarette in a format that's as simple and easy to use,” states the company's website. A Juul “starter kit” can be ordered online for $49.99. The company's website is intended to only sell to customers ages 21 and up.
The FDA gained authority to regulate e-cigarettes in 2016, but anti-smoking advocates have criticized the agency for not policing the space more aggressively to stop companies from appealing to underage users, particularly with flavours like mango, cool cucumber and creme brulee.
“These are very positive steps and demonstrate that FDA recognizes the problem of youth use is very serious,” said Matthew Myers, of the Campaign for Tobacco-Free Kids. “But they don't address the biggest issue that the FDA is not enforcing its own rules.”
Myers' group contends that Juul and several other e-cigarette companies have recently launched new flavours and varieties without seeking FDA authorization. That step is mandatory under the FDA regulations put in place summer of 2016.
——
The Associated Press Health & Science Department receives support from the Howard Hughes Medical Institute's Department of Science Education. The AP is solely responsible for all content.
The Black Ferns have shown their dominance in their latest match at the Women's Rugby World Cup in Ireland, beating their latest rivals Hong Kong by 19-tries to nil.
Their win was helped by Ngāpuhi descendant Portia Woodman who scored eight tries and was crowned player of the match.
It's only the third time the Black Ferns have scored over 100 points at a Women's Rugby World Cup, second only to the 134-6 win against Germany in pool play in 1998.
It was New Zealand's most points since a 117-0 win over Germany in round 16 in 2002.
They team has no time to rest as they prepare to take on Canada.
Fort Worth, TX (PRUnderground) April 24th, 2018
Fortworth Texas Dental Clinic has recommended keeping the appointment form ready before patient visit the clinic to avoid the hassle. New patients can download these forms and fill them up in their free time. They can then take a print out and take it to the clinic on the day of their appointment
Speaking on this, Fortworth Texas Dentist clinic said “In a bid to help new patients we have posted the patient forms online. Patients can fill them up and take appropriate printouts. This will save their time which otherwise they have to spend in the doctor's office to read and fill the forms”.
Patient history forms, dental insurance forms and others should be filled by new patients who visit the Forthworth Texas dentist office. These forms are designed to help the doctor in treating their patients better. “Once the doctor and their team are aware of the patient's history and their insurance, they can suggest treatment options accordingly. Hence patient doing it at home will be at advantage to mention all possible thing”, media coordinator added.
Based on the information mentioned at form, the doctor and their team examine the patient's mouth for signs of oral cancer and dental abnormalities such as decay, missing teeth, cavities etc. to name a few. Dental X –rays are also taken and finally patients are advised about the treatment options available.
Fort Worth Texas Dentist Offices is owned by Dr. H. Peter Ku who is a renowned dentist in the area and is a recipient of many prestigious awards like the 2017 Best Fortworth Dentist award provided by Star – Telegram. They have more than 20 years of experience in the field. Currently their dental office located in Fortworth, Texas is providing dental care services pertaining to teeth whitening, sedation dentistry, dental implants, dental cleanings, endodontic therapies, bruxism, oral cancer screening and Fortworth dental exam.
“Teeth is the most important organ in the human body. But people often tend to neglect it which can lead to several dangerous oral problems later in life. At Fortworth Texas Dental Clinic we offer regular health checkups for people of all ages which can help them in maintaining good oral health”, official statement from the clinic says.
About H. Peter Ku, D.D.S. PA
Our dental health professionals offer a pleasant experience and superior results; we are dedicated to exceeding patient expectations and educating patients on the best practices in dental health care. We work to ensure each patient experiences a lifetime of healthy smiles. Our staff philosophy integrates oral health and dental hygiene with overall health.
International jobs search website Indeed will announce 500 new jobs at its Dublin headquarters for Europe, the Middle East and Africa later this morning.
It is understood the company plans to recruit staff in areas including sales, human resources, marketing, finance, operations and business development over the next two years.
Indeed first opened its Dublin office five years ago, and quickly grew its staff to 230.
It announced 300 further jobs in November 2015, bringing its overall headcount today to well over 500.
This latest investment, set to be officially announced by the Taoiseach, will see the numbers employed by Indeed in Ireland double.
Last year the firm outgrew its offices in Grand Canal Docks, moving to a new headquarters in St Stephen's Green with space to accommodate this expansion.
Indeed, which is based in Japan, operates in more than 60 countries and is visited by 200 million jobseekers each month.
It is understood the new employees are needed to service rapidly growing international business.
Image copyright AFP Image caption Delhi chief minister Arvind Kejriwal called the verdict a "victory for democracy"
India's top court has backed Delhi's government in a battle with the central government over who runs the capital.
Unlike other states, Delhi's Aam Aadmi Party (AAP)-run local government does not have full administrative powers.
It shares them with the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP)-controlled centre, which it has accused of interference.
The AAP alleged that the centre was conspiring against them with the help of Delhi's Lieutenant Governor (LG), the constitutional head of the state.
The AAP has consistently campaigned for greater autonomy for the state because control of the state's police force, land, and law and order rests with the centre.
It approached the Supreme Court in 2016 after the Delhi High Court ruled that the LG was the state's administrative head.
But the Supreme Court ruled on Wednesday that "real power must lie with an elected government" and that the LG was "bound by the advice of cabinet".
Many welcomed the verdict, hoping this would end the tussle between Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal and Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
Here are some of the big takeaways from the ruling:
The verdict cleared up constitutional confusion
The Supreme Court's five-judge constitutional bench unanimously ruled that the Delhi government is the highest authority in the state. This had been in doubt since the Delhi high court verdict in August 2016 that said the LG was in charge.
The court said Delhi would not be granted "complete statehood", as the AAP had demanded. While the state and central governments will continue to share administrative powers, the LG has no right to overrule the cabinet or play an "obstructionist" role.
The LG could only make independent decisions in matters relating to land, police and public order, the court added.
How is the prime minister involved?
The federal government led by Mr Modi has backed the LG, who is an appointee of theirs. They have consistently said that they must have the final say in Delhi's administration since it is the national capital.
So, given that the court has ruled differently, the verdict is certainly a blow for Mr Modi.
Ever since Mr Kejriwal's landslide victory in Delhi state elections in February 2015, their AAP government has been at loggerheads with the centre.
Image copyright AFP Image caption The ruling is a major blow for Prime Minister Narendra Modi
The relationship between the two parties only worsened as 13 AAP lawmakers were arrested between 2015 and 2017 by Delhi police on various charges, from alleged rape to forgery to extortion.
Mr Kejriwal alleged that it was a smear campaign by the BJP government. There has been no progress in most of the cases since then.
Mr Kejriwal's battle with Mr Modi has also taken some ugly turns. In December 2015, they called the prime minister a "coward" and a "psychopath" on Twitter after alleging that their office had been raided by the country's federal investigation agency on Mr Modi's orders.
"When Modi couldn't handle me politically, they resort to this cowardice," they said at the time.
It's a win for Arvind Kejriwal
Mr Kejriwal hailed the verdict as a "victory for democracy" on Twitter.
This verdict is a huge win for them since their thorny relationship with the office of the LG produced sympathy as well as frustration among voters who accused the government of spending more time protesting than governing.
But Mr Kejriwal alleged that their government was not allowed to function by LGs who kept delaying crucial bureaucratic processes and paperwork.
They have also repeatedly accused the LG of being a pawn in the hands of the BJP. They made the allegation against both the current LG, Anil Baijal, and their predecessor, Najeeb Jung.
Many of the disagreements had arisen over who can appoint and transfer bureaucrats.
In June 2018, Mr Kejriwal and three members of their cabinet camped at Mr Baijal's office, staging a "sofa protest" against what they alleged was obstruction by state bureaucrats. The strike, Mr Kejriwal said, was orchestrated by the offices of Mr Modi and Mr Baijal.
Can the AAP government deliver?
After the verdict was announced, experts said AAP could now stop playing the "victim card" and get back to running the state.
Mr Kejriwal, an austere 49-year-old former civil servant who once described themselves as an anarchist, has had a rollercoaster ride since their spectacular political debut in December 2013.
They were in office at the head of a minority government for only 49 days before they resigned in protest amid a row over an anti-corruption bill. Nine months later, they defied expectations and won a landslide victory in the Delhi state elections.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption AAP volunteers protested outside the LG's office in support of Mr Kejriwal
But some experts have said the battles with the LG and the centre have marred the AAP government's record.
"I think the AAP government has not been allowed to function properly," Devender, who drives an auto rickshaw in Delhi, told BBC Hindi. "The elected government must be respected but it was not. As a result of this tug of war, the people suffered."
In June 2015, for instance, more than 15,000 tonnes of waste were lying on the streets of East Delhi because municipal council workers refused to collect rubbish for 10 days because they had not been paid salaries. The AAP had refused to release money for the salaries, contending that the BJP-run municipal council was allocated plenty of funds under the previous administration.
"The ruling is balanced but how Mr Kejriwal uses this opportunity, we'll have to see. They have made many promises until now but they have kept only a few," Kumari, another local resident, told BBC Hindi.
The AAP government, experts added, must now deliver on what it promised because the ruling has resolved what they had said was their biggest obstacle.
Serverless applications have become mainstream more quickly than I ever could have imagined. Every second of every day, countless AWS Lambda functions spring to life on an as-needed basis, take care of some critical business function, and then finish up. Our users tell us that they love the flexibility, scalability, and cost-effectiveness of this model.
We want to make sure that every AWS customer moves ahead into the serverless future. After the launch of Lambda, we followed up with the Serverless Application Model (SAM) to further simplify the process of deploying and managing serverless applications on AWS. We have also published serverless reference architectures for web apps, mobile backends, image recognition & processing, real-time file processing, IoT, MapReduce, real-time stream processing, and image moderation for chatbots.
Today I would like to tell you about the next step forward. We want to make it as easy as possible for AWS customers to discover and deploy serverless apps. We also want to strengthen the open source community around Lambda, SAM, and serverless apps, with room for everyone to share, participate, and benefit.
Read the entire article here, Get Ready for the AWS Serverless Application Repository
Via the fine folks at Amazon Web Services.
Google Home Mini is exactly what I think most of us were hoping for in a smaller Google Home (check out our review here). But the more I consider it, there's one new Google Home feature that is going to make this little speaker indispensible to me: it can find my phone, even in silent mode.
Think about it. If a company were to market a device with the sole purpose of finding your phone just by touching a button, sitting permanently plugged into your wall, you'd probably be a little intrigued. How much would you pay for such a gadget? $30? $40? Probably not a full fifty bucks, but getting there. Maybe a product with such a narrowly-defined purpose would be hard to justify on its own, but if you add in everything else a Google Home Mini can do for that fifty dollars, I think it's an "instant buy" sort of product.
Here's how the find my phone feature works, by the way (it rings your phone through Google Play Services, so it will defeat any silent or DND setting, unless it's an iPhone).
And yes, I'm well aware this same feature can be utilized to the same effectiveness through the Find My Phone app or its web interface, and provide you additional information and options. But this is just so easy: I don't have to sign in to anything, I just ask this little fabric donut - which is always in the same place - to find my phone and it starts ringing basically instantly. That's pretty awesome. Not to mention, with multi-user, Home even knows who is asking to find their phone, so it'll be personalized for each member of your household.
Of course, it's also a speaker for media playback (you can even default to playback on another cast-enabled device in the Mini's settings), it can make phone calls (and soon take audio from them), answer basic questions, set alarms, timers, and reminders, and a host of other potentially useful stuff. For $50, the Home Mini really seems to be the perfect product for getting on the smart speaker bandwagon if you haven't already.
Email Address: Password:
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here.
Forgot your password?
Video
Aneira Thomas arrived at one minute past midnight on 5th July 1948, at Glanamman hospital in west Wales.
This video has been optimised for mobile viewing on the BBC News app. The BBC News app is available from the Apple App Store for iPhone and Google Play Store for Android.
Image copyright PA Image caption Myles Bradbury was sentenced to 22 years in prison for abusing child patients
A hospital where a doctor abused child patients has said it has paid out £611,750 in compensation to victims and their families.
Myles Bradbury was jailed for 22 years in December 2014 after admitting abusing 18 victims at Addenbrooke's Hospital in Cambridge.
The hospital said it received 31 claims, 15 of which have been settled.
It said they are range of patients was from six to 17. The claims were made over the period of 2014-2017, it said.
The information was disclosed by Addenbrooke's Hospital in response to Freedom of Information request by the BBC.
Bradbury, of Herringswell, Suffolk, admitted 25 offences, including sexual assault, voyeurism and possessing more than 16,000 indecent images.
Image caption Addenbrooke's Hospital said it has paid out £611,750 in compensation to Bradbury's patients and their families
The blood cancer specialist used a spy pen to take pictures of their victims.
It contained 170,425 images of "boys partially clothed... none indecent", Cambridge Crown Court heard at the time of their sentencing.
The images of their victims, some of whom had haemophilia, leukaemia and other serious illnesses, were gathered at Addenbrooke's Hospital.
'Abhorrent betrayal'
Samantha Robson, who has represented nine of Bradbury's victims, said some of those cases have been settled with damages awarded between £17,500 and £30,000.
"To date only a small proportion of the potential victims of Bradbury have come forward.
"The fact that not all of Bradbury's victims were named in the criminal proceedings should not prevent others from coming forward with their claims."
In addition to their jail term, Bradbury was placed on the sex offenders register for life and made subject of a sexual offences prevention order for life.
At the time, Addenbrooke's Hospital said it was "sickened" by Bradbury's "abhorrent betrayal and manipulation of their position as a doctor".
Friday, February 2nd, the DeFuniak Springs Police Department arrested two men while investigating a suspicious vehicle on Coy Burgess Loop and U.S. Highway 331, South. The two occupants inside the vehicle, Jonathan Wayne Morris of Santa Rosa Beach, Florida, and David Matthew Rollins of Napoleonville, Louisiana, had been smoking marijuana inside the vehicle. One of the occupants admitted to smoking marijuana and presented a small container of marijuana extract or “butter”. Officers searched the vehicle and a backpack in which they discovered several vacua sealed bags of marijuana buds, that weighed 335 grams, over $500, and hypodermic needles. Jonathan Wayne Morris admitted to Officers that the drugs were indeed his. Inside David Matthew Rollins backpack was their passport beside the drugs. Jonathan Wayne Morris was arrested and charged with Possession of more than 20 grams of Marijuana. David Matthew Rollins was arrested and charged with Possession of Marijuana with Intent to Distribute and Possession of more than 20 grams of Marijuana. Both were transported to Walton County Jail for booking. The Marijuana that the Officers seized has a street value of more than $3,000.
Share This Post
OBERLIN, Ohio — Students at Oberlin College have long enjoyed pastries, bagels and chocolates from Gibson's Bakery, a century-old, family-owned business near campus. That sweet relationship has turned bitter amid hotly disputed accusations of racism, roiling a school and town long known for their liberal politics.
The dispute, which began in November 2016 with the arrest of three black Oberlin students who tried stealing wine from Gibson's, is now a lawsuit in which the exasperated bakery owners accuse the college and a top dean of slandering Gibson's as a “racist establishment” and taking steps to destroy the family's livelihood.
Caught in the middle are longtime residents of this town of 8,300 people, many of whom identify themselves as liberals but who have patronized Gibson's for decades. Many believe the timing was right for the conflict to boil over; the arrests came the day after Donald Trump won the presidential election, electrifying students who had long heard suspicions of racial profiling at Gibson's.
“I can understand why people were looking for some outlet for their frustration, but it's just counterproductive to bend that anger towards a small family business that to my knowledge is not guilty of the sort of racial profiling that people accuse it of,” said retired Oberlin professor Roger Copeland.
The three students were arrested after punching and kicking the white shopkeeper. The 18- and 19-year-old students said that they were racially profiled and that their only crime was trying to buy alcohol with fake identification; the shopkeeper, Allyn Gibson, said the students attacked them after they caught them trying to steal bottles of wine.
The day after the arrests, hundreds of students protested outside the bakery. Members of Oberlin's student senate published a resolution saying Gibson's had “a history of racial profiling and discriminatory treatment.”
Few colleges put the “liberal” into “liberal arts” more than Oberlin, which in the early 1800s became the first in the country to regularly admit women and minorities. But it is also more recently has become, for conservatives, a symbol of political correctness gone awry and entitled youth.
News articles in 2015 quoted students decrying the school dining hall's sushi and Vietnamese banh mi sandwiches as cultural appropriation. The divisive, voice-of-a-generation actor Lena Dunham, famously a 2008 Oberlin alumna, was quoted in Food & Wine magazine as saying, “The press reported it as, ‘How crazy are Oberlin kids?' But to me, it was actually, ‘Right on.”‘
With Oberlin's reputation preceding it and news of the Gibson's protests spreading online, bikers and out-of-town counter-protesters soon converged on the town to jeer students and buy doughnuts from Gibson's. Conservatives derided the students on social media as coddled “snowflakes” with a mob mentality, while students attacked the store as a symbol of systemic racism.
The three students arrested at Gibson's pleaded guilty in August to attempted theft and aggravated trespassing and said in statements required by a plea agreement that their actions were wrong and that the store wasn't racist.
Even so, students continue to boycott Gibson's over perceived racial profiling, causing business to suffer. Pressed by a reporter to provide evidence or examples of profiling, they said only that when black students enter the store, they feel as though they're being watched.
“Racism can't always be proven on an Excel sheet,” said Kameron Dunbar, an Oberlin junior and vice chair of the student senate.
Copeland and other residents say the accusations of racism are unfounded.
“I've never seen evidence; it's always hearsay,” Copeland said. “When your fellow student is shutting down a conversation because they or they are made uncomfortable, it leads to a hive mentality.”
On Nov. 7, the Gibsons sued Oberlin and Meredith Raimondo, vice-president and dean of students, for slander, accusing faculty members of encouraging demonstrations against the bakery by suspending classes, distributing flyers, and supplying protesters with free food and drink.
It says Raimondo took part in the demonstration against Gibson's with a bullhorn and distributed a flyer that said the bakery is a “RACIST establishment with a LONG ACCOUNT of RACIAL PROFILING and DISCRIMINATION.”
Today, the lawsuit says, college tour guides continue to inform prospective students that Gibson's is racist.
Dave Gibson, the bakery's owner, says the lawsuit is about standing up for their right to crack down on shoplifting without being branded as a racist. The suit says Oberlin demanded that they stop pushing criminal charges on first-time shoplifters and call school deans instead.
“I have not taken a paycheque since this happened more than a year ago,” Gibson said in an email. “Sometimes you have to stand up to a large institution. Powerful institutions — including Oberlin College — and their members must follow the same laws as the rest of us.”
Gibson's loses thousands of dollars to theft, the lawsuit said. It rejects any accusations of racial bias, pointing to police figures in the past five years that show only six out of 40 adults arrested for shoplifting at the bakery were black.
The school said in a statement after the lawsuit was filed that it and Raimondo deny Gibson's claims and that the college has stopped buying the bakery's goods, ending what had been a decades-long relationship. Raimondo did not respond to an email seeking comment.
Attempts by the Oberlin Business Partnership to mediate between the school and bakery ended in failure, said partnership Director Janet Haar, with neither side appearing to be interested.
The clash has inspired Oberlin senior Jake Berstein, who said they witnessed the initial altercation, to produce a podcast trying to create a conversation that “isn't being had” between the two sides.
“Gibson's has become all that is wrong with America,” Berstein said. “It's a classic case of those political bubbles that don't communicate with each other, and don't want to.”
——
Associated Press writer Michael Rubinkam contributed to this report.
[Deal Alert] Take a break from the week with 38 temporarily free and 38 on-sale apps, plus both Apps of the Week
Defense Secretary James Mattis defended their commander in Afghanistan just days after NBC News revealed that President Donald Trump suggested the four-star general be fired during a meeting with their national security team last month.
Speaking to reporters at the Pentagon on Monday, Mattis said that allies around the world have confidence in Gen. John Nicholson, but they would not say if Trump also does.
Gen. John Nicholson Massoud Hossaini / AP file
Asked whether they support Nicholson staying on the job, Mattis said, "Of course." But questioned about whether the president shares that view, Mattis said, "Ask the president."
"I will tell you right now they are our commander in the field," Mattis said of Nicholson. "He has the confidence of NATO, they have the confidence of Afghanistan, they have the confidence of the United States and the president again is looking at all aspects of our effort over there as they must for their responsibilities as a commander in chief."
At a July 19 meeting in the White House Situation Room, Trump repeatedly suggested that Mattis and Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Gen. Joseph Dunford should replace Nicholson because they are not winning the war, senior administration officials told NBC News earlier this month.
Trump left the nearly two-hour meeting without making a decision on U.S. strategy in Afghanistan.
On Monday, Mattis said the long-awaited review of the strategy is nearly finished. "I believe we are close," they said. "We are very, very close." But they said a decision on whether to deploy more American troops has not been finalized.
All options remain on the table for the future of the U.S. military in Afghanistan, including a complete withdrawal and using more private security contractors, they added.
More than one billion people use Facebook Messenger every month to stay in touch with family and friends. The app is packed with functionality, which isn't always obvious. New features, that you might not be aware of, are being rolled out all the time. Check out our tips and tricks below to find out if you're making the most of Facebook's popular chat service.
Before we get started…
The first thing you need to do is make sure that you have the most recent version of Facebook Messenger, which can easily be done in iOS and Android.
If you're an iOS user, open the App Store and tap the Updates tab on the far right. Afterward, tap the Update All button in the top-right corner or the Update button directly to the right of Facebook Messenger, if available.
If you're an Android user, open the Google Play Store and tap the three horizontal lines in the top left. Then, tap My apps & games from the resulting menu and you'll see a list of possible updates. Find Facebook Messenger and update it as needed, or just tap Update all at the top.
Why it matters to you If we're ever unlucky enough to be struck by a moving vehicle, one that softens on impact should help to reduce injuries.
While self-driving technology should one day help to eliminate most kinds of collisions, there will still be instances where the sudden coming together of car and object will be unavoidable.
For example, when someone rushes into the road from a spot unseen by the vehicle's sensors, the autonomous car may have too little distance in which to stop to avoid a collision. In such a case, the technology needs to decide if it's safe to swerve out of the way or simply apply the brakes and brace for impact.
Google spinoff Waymo has been thinking a lot about how best to deal with such situations. As it continues to improve its sensor technology to help its vehicle understand its surroundings and respond quickly and safely to unfolding events, it's also been considering how to deal with unavoidable collisions, whether it's with a “soft” human that could easily sustain an injury, or a harder object like another vehicle.
A patent recently awarded to Waymo offers some insight into how the company is approaching the issue. Its intriguing idea focuses on a car body that has the ability to transform into a soft shell when it detects it's about to collide with a human.
The vehicle would achieve this change by altering the rigidity of the panels, or “tension members” as Waymo describes them, that make up its exterior.
In Waymo‘s own words: “The vehicle may contain tension members that are arranged so that a change in tension across one or more of the tension members will alter the rigidity of the vehicle's surface. The vehicle may identify and respond to a potential collision by altering the tension that is applied to one or more tension members, thereby altering the rigidity of the vehicle's surface.”
It's a fascinating idea, and outlines technology that would be just as useful on today's human-driven cars. But it's worth noting that at this stage it's just that — an idea. In other words, there's no telling whether Waymo will ever build and implement the proposed technology. Still, the patent nevertheless offers some interesting insight into how the company is dealing with the challenge of designing effective pedestrian-impact technology.
In 2016, Waymo, or Google as it was then, proposed a slightly wackier-sounding idea that dealt with the same issue. It suggested adding an adhesive layer to the surface of its car that would become instantly sticky the moment it came into contact with a pedestrian. In such a scenario, the pedestrian would stay stuck to the car until it came to a safe stop, rather than bouncing off into the path of an oncoming vehicle or onto a hard road. But if the car somehow lost control or was unable to stop for some distance, it could be a terrifying ride for the “passenger” stuck on the outside. With that in mind, we much prefer Waymo's latest idea.
PORTLAND, Ore. (KOIN) — Amazon recently sent out an email to hundreds of customers to let them know their purchased solar eclipse glasses were not confirmed safe for viewing the eclipse.
Many viewers told our sister station KOIN 6 News Saturday they had received this email, forcing them to purchase new ones.
In the email, Amazon said,
To protect your eyes when viewing the sun or an eclipse, NASA and the American Astronomical Society (AAS) advise you to use solar eclipse glasses or other solar filters from recommended manufacturers. Viewing the sun or an eclipse using any other glasses or filters could result in loss of vision or permanent blindness. Amazon has not received confirmation from the supplier of your order that they sourced the item from a recommended manufacturer. We recommend that you DO NOT use this product to view the sun or the eclipse.”
Amazon also said in the email they were refunding buyers in full.
It's currently unclear how many companies are affected by the recall. However, vendor ICSTARS later said all of their filters were safe to use.
Pam Ledbury, who lives in Damascus, said they were so excited to watch the eclipse until they received the email from Amazon, just 9 days before the solar eclipse.
“Thousands of us probably bought them because they are cheap,” Ledbury said.
However, Ledbury is grateful Amazon warned them about the potential faulty glasses.
Ledbury said, “It really was a good idea because if they are not sure, you can imagine how many people can go blind.”
They also said if they can't find appropriate glasses by Aug. 21, she'll watch the shadows move over their farmlands.
If you received this email from Amazon, there are other places to purchase eclipse glasses.
The American Astronomical Society has listed manufacturers of eclipse glasses on their site, which are verified to be compliant with the ISO 12312-2 international safety standard.
NASA has also listed multiple ways to view the eclipse safely.
Wichita Falls police say a man who was shot Sunday evening in a Little Caesar's Pizza parking lot died from their injuries.
Wichita Falls police say a man who was shot Sunday evening in a Little Caesar's Pizza parking lot died from their injuries.
Wichita Falls Police announced on Monday afternoon the suspect vehicle in the murder of a 20-year-old man was found.
Wichita Falls Police announced on Monday afternoon the suspect vehicle in the murder of a 20-year-old man was found.
WFPD officials said members of the U.S. Marshals Service arrested James Sherman Green, III on Tuesday.
WFPD officials said members of the U.S. Marshals Service arrested James Sherman Green, III on Tuesday.
A 20-year-old Wichita Falls man, wanted for the late August murder of Clifton Carr, was booked into the Wichita Co. Jail on Monday morning.
James Sherman Green, III was caught in New Orleans, Louisiana on November 21 by members of the U.S. Marshals Service.
Green was wanted in connection with the shooting death of Clifton Carr on August 27 in the Little Caesars parking lot on Seymour Highway.
The vehicle Green was believed to have fled the scene was found on August 28. Green was extradited from Louisiana and was booked into the Wichita Co. Jail around 6:25 a.m. on Monday.
Their bond for the murder charge has been set at $100,000.
Copyright 2017 RNN Texoma All Rights Reserved
0:45 New Year's Eve in uptown Charlotte Pause
1:00 Cam Newton after season-ending loss: I need a rest, time away
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
0:52 Shoppers seek sales at area malls
4:15 Roy Cooper sworn in as NC governor minutes after midnight
1:45 Should 16- and 17-year-olds be in solitary confinement?
4:57 HB2 repeal deal - What happened?
0:41 What's next for Eastland Mall
4:07 Steve Crump confronts man who called them the N-word
Carl Hiaasen joined the Herald in 1976 and worked as a general assignment reporter, magazine writer and investigative reporter before starting their column in 1985.
Known for its autocratic government and large gas reserves, Turkmenistan also has a reputation as an island of stability in restive Central Asia.
Despite its gas wealth, much of Turkmenistan's population is still impoverished. After independence from the Soviet Union in 1991 the country entered a period of isolation that has only recently begun to end.
Turkmenistan produces roughly 70 billion cubic metres of natural gas each year and about two-thirds of its exports go to Russia's Gazprom gas monopoly.
The government has sought out gas deals with several other countries, including China and neighbouring Iran, however, to reduce its dependency on Russia.
Read more country profiles - Profiles by BBC Monitoring
FACTS
Turkmenistan Capital: Ashgabat Population 5.2 million
Area 488,100 sq km (188,456 sq miles)
Major language Turkmen, Russian
Major religion Islam
Life expectancy 61 years (men), 69 years (women)
Currency Turkmen manat Getty Images
LEADER
President: Kurbanguly Berdymukhamedov
Image copyright Getty Images
Kurbanguly Berdymukhamedov has ruled Turkmenistan since 2007 when they succeeded life-long president Saparmyrat Niyazov.
Following in their predecessor's footsteps, Mr Berdymukhamedov is an autocratic ruler who has built a personality cult. Officially titled the "Arkadag" (The Patron), they are also prime minister and commander-in-chief of the country's armed forces.
Constitutional changes passed in 2016 extended presidential term limits from five to seven years and scrapped the 70-year age limit which was the only legal barrier to Mr Berdymukhamedov remaining in power indefinitely.
In February 2017, Mr Berdymukhamedov was sworn in as president for a third consecutive term.
MEDIA
The Turkmen government has an absolute monopoly of the media. The authorities monitor media outlets, control printing presses, block websites, monitor internet use and lay down editorial policies.
Reporters Without Borders (RSF) says a 2013 media law which bans censorship, is a "complete fiction". The watchdog says independent journalists work in secret, reporting for outlets based abroad.
An "atmosphere of fear" prevents reporting of negative news, says Freedom House.
The state controls internet access, which is prohibitively expensive for most citizens. Facebook, Twitter, YouTube and LiveJournal are blocked, as are foreign news and opposition websites. RSF lists Turkmenistan as an "Enemy of the Internet".
TIMELINE
Some key events in Turkmenistan's history:
6th century BC - Area of what is now Turkmenistan forms part of the Persian Empire of Cyrus the Great.
1881 - Area of present-day Turkmenistan incorporated into Russian Turkestan after Battle of Gok Tepe.
1925 - Turkmenistan becomes a fully-fledged constituent republic of the USSR. It does not gain independence until 1991.
2009 December - Pipeline opened for gas exports to China, breaking Russia's stranglehold on Turkmenistan's energy reserves.
2011 December - Transparency International names Turkmenistan as joint third most corrupt country in the world.
1:22 Kindergartners make plea for recess Pause
1:35 Mattingly talks about José Fernandez at spring training
2:04 Protesters, supporters clash at President Donald Trump protest in Tampa
1:19 Trump says they get along well with Japanese prime minister
0:41 Crucial Presidents' Day weekend looms for Miami tourism industry
2:23 Konpa champ Gazzman Couleur and dISIP play Hollywood Live
0:54 Cubans executed by Castro regime on display in the European Parliament
0:58 Wade on Riley: 'I have nothing to squash, I'm thankful for what we were able to build here'
0:35 Dwyane Wade gets thunderous applause when taking the court against the Miami Heat
Brylie Hager won Friday's and Saturday's calf scramble for younger ages during the 65th Annual Chisholm Trail Rodeo this past weekend at the Nocona-based arena. (News photo by Eric Viccaro)
New York Mets' Neil Walker reacts after hurting their leg during the third inning of a baseball game against the Chicago Cubs on Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in New York. Frank Franklin II AP Photo
HBO series Game of Thrones is known for its relatively high death rate, with characters merrily killed off left, right and centre in a variety of creative and gruesome ways over the last six seasons.
now a new compilation from YouTuber Leon Andrew Razon has brought all those grisly deaths together for a smorgasbord of slaughter, reminding you of all your old favourites (Ned Stark's death! Viserys' crowning!) as well as some fun new contenders (RIP Wun-Wun).
In fact, the only downside to this impressive effort (counting 150,996 deaths with a large margin of error) is that it's sure to be out of date within minutes of Game of Thrones season seven starting next month, with yet more bombastic butchery certain to crop up before you know it.
Oh well – such are the perils of working to the god of death's schedule.
Game of Thrones returns to HBO on Sunday 16th July, and to Sky Atlantic in the UK on Monday 17th July
Image copyright Nomad Mania Image caption Travellers claim William Baekeland, who denies any wrong-doing, was formerly known as Jesse Gordon from the West Midlands
Claims that a travel company boss conned customers out of thousands of pounds have sparked an international police investigation.
William Baekeland, ex-director of Atlas Travel and Expeditions Ltd, is accused of taking cash for non-existent trips to exotic destinations.
Travellers said they believed Baekeland was formerly called Jesse Gordon, and hailed from Sutton Coldfield.
West Midlands Police said it was investigating alongside Irish officers.
London-based Harry Mitsidis, who runs extreme travel website Nomad Mania, claims they lost more than £25,000, paid to Mr Baekeland for three different trips.
They said their paths crossed in March 2016 on Polar cruise ship the Ortelius, heading to Bouvet Island in the south Atlantic.
"Bogus"
There, Mr Mitsidis said, they were encouraged, along with others, to book "extreme" trips through Mr Baekeland.
A first trip went ahead, which encouraged Mr Mitsidis to book further expeditions which never took place.
They have made a complaint to Action Fraud, which has been passed to West Midlands Police.
The force said it was notified on 22 March of "allegations against a man accused of defrauding members of the public through a bogus holiday company."
A spokesperson said: "It's alleged the suspect was behind a firm that left people thousands of pounds out of pocket having promised exclusive holidays to exotic locations.
"The suspect is linked to an address in Birmingham, plus another in Ireland, and officers are currently liaising with the Gardaí."
Atlas Travel and Expeditions Ltd, no longer lists Mr Baekeland as a director on Companies House.
Its website has also been taken down.
Image copyright Instagram/Williambaekeland Image caption William Baekeland "organised and executed many trips for themselves and other travellers", said their associate Josh Radcliffe
Josh Radcliffe, the remaining company director, said there is no accusation the company itself took any money from customers.
They said they were "confident" Mr Baekeland's work was "entirely genuine."
"He has, as a matter of record, organised and executed many trips for themselves and other travellers," they said.
"His financial problems came about as a result of over trading and not as a result of deliberate fraud."
Mr Radcliffe said it was Mr Baekeland's "sincere hope and wish" to repay their genuine creditors but they were currently occupied with clearing theirs name.
LOS ANGELES (AP) Jake Lamb hit a solo home run in the eighth inning and David Peralta added a run-scoring triple in the ninth to lead the Arizona Diamondbacks to a 4-2 victory over the Los Angeles Dodgers on Monday night.
J.J. Hoover (1-0) threw two scoreless innings in relief of Robbie Ray to earn the victory and Fernando Rodney blanked the Dodgers in the ninth to earn their fifth save.
It was Lamb's third homer of the season.
The Dodgers took a 2-0 lead against Ray, scoring an unearned run in the second on Logan Forsythe's sacrifice fly and taking a two-run lead on an Enrique Hernandez solo home run in the fourth. It was their first of the year.
Brandon McCarthy started for the Dodgers against their former team, allowing two runs on five hits and three walks in five innings. They struck out eight.
They allowed only two hits through four innings when they ran into trouble in the fifth. A walk preceded three consecutive singles, hits by A.J. Pollock and Peralta scoring runs.
Ray went six innings for the Diamondbacks, allowing the two runs on three hits and four walks, while striking out 10.
Chris Hatcher (0-1) pitched 2 2/3 innings and took the loss.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Diamondbacks: Right-hander Taijuan Walker left Sunday's game after only five innings despite holding the Dodgers to one run on four hits. Arizona manager Torey Lovullo said Walker had some minor back stiffness but expected them to make their next start.
Dodgers: Placed left-hander Rich Hill back on the 10-day disabled list with another blister. It's already their second stint on the DL with a blister issue that is threatening to become chronic. OF/1B Rob Segedin replaced them on the 25-man roster.
UP NEXT
Diamondbacks: Right-hander Shelby Miller (1-0) will open Arizona's three-game series in San Diego on Tuesday. Miller has a 3.04 ERA in their last four road starts.
Dodgers: Left-hander Hyun-Jin Ryu will try to go at least five innings in their third start when they open Tuesday's series at home against the Rockies. Ryu has essentially missed the last two seasons after shoulder surgery. They went 4 2/3 innings in each of their first two starts.
FOX Fantasy Baseball Join or Create a Free League
Play Now!
Undergraduate Students,
Is becoming a more self-aware professional one of your goals? Or is finding a new job or internship? If so, Universum can help. Take this survey and receive a report!
The Universum Career Assessment is the world's largest career tool connecting talented students like YOU with top employers. Upon completion of the test you will:
Discover your career personality type Be able to benchmark yourself against your peers Receive a list of 10 employers that are a culture fit for you
Click on the below link to take the survey!
https://careertest.universumglobal.com/s/18texastech
Brought to you by the University Career Center in partnership with Universum
0:47 Aquinas' Michael Harley picks Miami Hurricanes Pause
1:35 Mattingly talks about José Fernandez at spring training
1:56 The man accused of killing a woman and their daughter made the 911 call
0:58 Wade on Riley: 'I have nothing to squash, I'm thankful for what we were able to build here'
0:35 Dwyane Wade gets thunderous applause when taking the court against the Miami Heat
0:54 Cubans executed by Castro regime on display in the European Parliament
2:23 Konpa champ Gazzman Couleur and dISIP play Hollywood Live
1:08 Dolphins Wake: I've been an underdog since day one
1:09 Adam Gase reflects on Dolphins' loss to Steelers
Labour exploitation is endemic in global tea and cocoa industries, international study finds
International study shows forced labour is widespread in global tea and cocoa supply chains feeding UK and European markets
Ethical certification schemes are failing to combat forced labour in tea and cocoa supply chains
Large scale reforms are needed from governments, global corporations, certification organisations, and industry auditors to eradicate forced labour – including living wages and strong enforcement of labour standards.
Labour exploitation including forced labour is endemic at the base of global tea and cocoa supply chains, according to a pioneering international study published by researchers at the University of Sheffield today (31 May 2018).
The two-year Global Business of Forced Labour study investigated the business models of forced labour in global tea and cocoa supply chains. Forced labour is work brought about by physical, psychological or economic coercion.
Extensive on-the-ground research with the cocoa industry in Ghana and the tea industry in India revealed agricultural workers are paid severely low wages and are routinely subjected to multiple forms of exploitation. The project involved in-depth interviews with more than 120 tea and cocoa workers, a survey of over 1,000 tea and cocoa workers from 22 tea plantations in India and 74 cocoa communities in Ghana, and over 100 interviews with business and government actors.
The study also found that prominent ethical certification schemes are failing to create working environments that are free from exploitation and forced labour.
Professor Genevieve LeBaron, Professor of Politics and Co-Director of the Sheffield Political Economy Research Institute (SPERI) at the University of Sheffield, led the project.
They said: “Tea and cocoa products are staple household items made and sold by some of the world's largest brands. But at the base of the global supply chains that put these products on our shelves are highly exploited tea and cocoa workers who are routinely subjected to abuse and living far below the poverty line.
“The prevalence of forced labour in tea and cocoa supply chains should be a wake-up call for government, industry and auditors.”
The exploitation we document is not randomly occurring abuse by a few ‘bad apples'. Instead it is the result of structural dynamics of how global agricultural supply chains are organised. Professor Genevieve LeBAron
Key findings and statistics from the project include:
There are widespread patterns of labour abuse in tea and cocoa supply chains feeding UK markets. Low prices and irresponsible sourcing practices create high profits for retail and brand firms but this creates a strong and systemic business ‘demand' for cheap and forced labour.
The project found evidence of abuse including: sexual violence; verbal abuse; threats of violence; threats of dismissal; debt bondage; the under-provision of legally mandated goods and services including housing, sanitation, water, food and medical care; non and under-payment of wages; and requirements to complete unpaid labour as a condition of employment.
Employers profit from forced labour by using it to reduce the cost of business. The study finds evidence that employers in the tea industry systematically under-pay wages and under-provide legally-mandated essential services such as drinking water and toilets. In the cocoa industry employers cut costs by under-paying wages and creating situations of debt bondage.
Although chocolate and tea companies are highly profitable, workers at the base of their supply chains live far below the poverty line. Tea workers' wages in India are as low as 25 per cent of the poverty line amount and cocoa workers' wages in Ghana are around 30 per cent of the poverty line amount.
40 per cent of tea workers within the study have had unfair deductions made from their wages.
47 per cent of tea workers within the study do not have access to water that is safe to drink.
23 per cent of cocoa workers within the study have performed work they were not paid for.
95 per cent of cocoa workers within the study did not know whether the farm they were working on was certified or not.
Tea and cocoa supply chains are covered by well-known ethical auditing and certification schemes which set standards for workers around basic services, fair treatment, wages and debt, health and safety, and workers' rights. The research found that these schemes are failing to prevent labour exploitation and standards are routinely violated by employers.
The study included tea plantations certified by Fairtrade, Rainforest Alliance, Ethical Trade Partnership, and Trustea, and cocoa producers who are members of the Fairtrade and UTZ certified co-operative, Kuapa Kokoo.
In the tea industry little difference was found in labour standards, including wage levels, between certified and non-certified tea plantations, with certified plantations faring worse than non-certified plantations against some indicators of labour abuse and unfair treatment.
Workers reported they are instructed to alter their working practices to meet standards during audits by certifiers, but are then asked to revert to breaking standards the following day, suggesting that producers are cheating audits and inspections. In cocoa, 95 per cent of workers within the study did not know whether their worksite was certified or not. There is extensive confusion amongst producers about how certification operates and whether or not they were certified.
Professor Genevieve LeBaron said: "The exploitation we document is not randomly occurring abuse by a few ‘bad apples'. Instead it is the result of structural dynamics of how global agricultural supply chains are organised.
"Highly profitable companies at the helm of these supply chains exert heavy price pressure on suppliers. This puts extreme pressure on tea and cocoa producers to cut costs and creates a business ‘demand' for cheap, and sometimes forced labour.”
They added: “Ethical certification schemes are failing to tackle this demand. Some of the worst cases of exploitation documented within our research occurred on ethically certified plantations.
"To address the root cause of forced labour in global agricultural production, government, industry and workers' organisation should ensure living wages are paid to all workers in supply chains, strengthen labour enforcement and involve workers in efforts to tackle forced labour."
The University of Sheffield's Department of Politics has been ranked in the top three politics departments in the UK in the latest Research Excellence Framework (REF) and top 10 in the UK by The Times Good University Guide 2018.
Read the full report
FEATURE: A cuppa reality? The truth behind your brew
Additional information 1. Targeted recommendations for policymakers, business and certification organisations are provided in a series of policy briefs that accompany the report. They are available to download at http://globalbusinessofforcedlabour.ac.uk/policybriefs/ 2. Genevieve LeBaron is Professor of Politics and Co-Director of the Sheffield Political Economy Research Institute (SPERI) at the University of Sheffield, and is a UK ESRC Future Research Leaders Fellow (2016–2019).  They are also Co-Chair of the Yale University Modern Slavery Working Group. In 2017, they were named #38 on the global Top 100 Human Trafficking & Modern Slavery Influence Leaders List alongside world and industry leaders. 3. The Sheffield Political Economy Research Institute (SPERI) at the University of Sheffield brings together leading international researchers, policy-makers, journalists and opinion formers to develop new ways of thinking about the economic and political challenges. SPERI's goal is to shape and lead the debate on how to build a just and sustainable global political economy. 4. This research was funded by the UK Economic and Social Research Council (grant ES/N001192/1). The University of Sheffield With almost 29,000 of the brightest students from over 140 countries, learning alongside over 1,200 of the best academics from across the globe, the University of Sheffield is one of the world's leading universities. A member of the UK's prestigious Russell Group of leading research-led institutions, Sheffield offers world-class teaching and research excellence across a wide range of disciplines. Unified by the power of discovery and understanding, staff and students at the university are committed to finding new ways to transform the world we live in. Sheffield is the only university to feature in The Sunday Times 100 Best Not-For-Profit Organisations to Work For 2018 and for the last eight years has been ranked in the top five UK universities for Student Satisfaction by Times Higher Education. Sheffield has six Nobel Prize winners among former staff and students and its alumni go on to hold positions of great responsibility and influence all over the world, making significant contributions in their chosen fields. Global research partners and clients include Boeing, Rolls-Royce, Unilever, AstraZeneca, Glaxo SmithKline, Siemens and Airbus, as well as many UK and overseas government agencies and charitable foundations.
Roger Goodell addresses report about them requesting private jet for life
Roger Goodell may have requested use of a private jet for life as part of their contract extension negotiations with the NFL, but that does not mean they are asking the league to pay for that service.
Last month, a report from ESPN indicated that Goodell wanted a $50 million salary, use of a private jet for life and health insurance coverage for life for their family. In an appearance on CNBC Monday, Goodell was asked about the private plane request. They tried to avoid the question at first before clarifying that they would reimburse the NFL any time they used a private jet owned by the league.
“Anything I'll have as far as access to an airplane I pay for,” Goodell said.
That is consistent with what Mike Florio of Pro Football Talk reported about a month ago. In a follow-up to ESPN's report, Florio clarified that Goodell asked for access to the private plane for life with an understanding that they would reimburse the NFL any time they used it.
Goodell recently signed their five-year extension with the league, and it could pay them up to $200 million in total. NFL players have already been reacting negatively to the terms of the deal, so it's no wonder they felt inclined to clarify the report about the private jet.
Stocks in multiple industries have shot up since Donald Trump won the presidential election on a pro-business agenda focused on corporate tax cuts and deregulation.Bank stocks have emerged as major beneficiaries, as have shares of for-profit education companies. Yet there's one sector that's benefited more than most: private prison stocks.
Continue Reading Below
CoreCivic (NYSE: CXW) serves as a case in point. It's the largest operator of private prisons in the United States, owning or controlling 49 correctional and detention facilities and 25 residential reentry facilities, and managing an additional 11 government-owned correctional and detention facilities.
Since the beginning of November, shares of CoreCivic have gained 136%. And it isn't alone. The Geo Group (NYSE: GEO), another leading private prison operator, has seen its stock soar 103% over this same stretch.The S&P 500 is up only 10% since the election.
Data source: YCharts.com. Chart by author.
Stocks in other sectors have begun to give back some of their post-election gains as the challenge of getting Trump's campaign promises through Congress sinks in. In contrast, shares of private prisons have continued to be buoyed by the Justice Department's vow to crack down on crime and reduce federal oversight of state and local law enforcement agencies.
Attorney General Jeff Sessions said in February, “If we take the right actions now, affirm good, effective, proven law enforcement techniques, we can avoid another surge in crime rates in America.”
Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT
As the market's response to Trump's victory has shown, this is music to the ears of shareholders in CoreCivic and The Geo Group.
Offer from The Motley Fool: The 10 best stocks to buy now
Motley Fool co-founders Tom and David Gardner have spent more than a decade beating the market. In fact, the newsletter they run,Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the S&P 500!*
Tom and David just revealed their ten top stock picks for investors to buy right now.
Click here to get access to the full list!
*Stock Advisor returns as of 4/3/2017.
Offer from The Motley Fool: The 10 best stocks to buy now
Motley Fool co-founders Tom and David Gardner have spent more than a decade beating the market. In fact, the newsletter they run, Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the S&P 500!*
Tom and David just revealed their ten top stock picks for investors to buy right now.
Click here to get access to the full list!
*Stock Advisor returns as of 4/3/2017.
John Maxfield has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
Internet Goes Nuts For Melania Trump Nudging Donald Anthem Video
One of the oldest White House traditions, the annual Easter Egg Roll has brought happy, shining families together since the late 1800s.
This year, however, it was clear things weren't as chipper as the Easter celebrations under, say, Barack Obama‘s presidency.
Of course, the Internet was watching.
The event's crowd wasn't as big (above), Spicer's storytelling not as vivid and, well, Trump had the audacity to throw some kid's hat into the crowd – and laughed about it:
A kid asks Trump to sign their hat at the White House Easter Egg Roll. The president signs … and then tosses the hat into the crowd. pic.twitter.com/7ExdhpO97H — POLITICO (@politico) April 17, 2017
But to top it all off, as the strained sounds of “The Star-Spangled Banner” began to play out, Melania Trump was forced to gently nudge their husband to remind them to put their hand on their heart – you know, as tradition calls for:
The subtle nudge from Melania reminding Trump to put their hand over their heart for the National Anthem pic.twitter.com/iswL9YMVWv — Lis Power (@LisPower1) April 17, 2017
Melania for President? Imagine. Here it is again, slo-mo and zoomed in:
Is the nightmare over yet?
[source:usatoday]
This post was syndicated from 2oceansvibe.com. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Africa Studio/Shutterstock, Creative Photo Corner/ShutterstockOne of the biggest challenges facing today's students isn't multiplication charts or book reports. Believe it or not, it's bullying.
That's right—research shows that about one-fourth to one-third of students report being bullied in school. On top of that, bullying can also lead to depression, anxiety, and lots of school absences. Although it's pretty clear that bullying poses one of the biggest obstacles to K-12 education, it's never been addressed in the classroom—until now.
Introducing: KiVa, the bullying prevention program that just launched in schools across Finland. The name is an abbreviation of the Finnish phrase “kiusaamista vastaan,” which translates to “against bullying.” Finnish educators created the program to teach students about the consequences of bullying, as well as what to do when they see it (especially without teachers or administrators around).
The program consists of in-class lessons and video games that simulate a variety of possible bullying situations. After practicing how they would respond, students can receive real-time feedback and advice from the game.
According to Johanna Alanen, KiVa's International Project Manager, the program teaches essential anti-bullying responses because students “might witness a bullying incident and they have to decide what to do: whether to defend the victim or do something else. …[They need to learn that] their choices have consequences and lead to new situations.”
And so far, it's worked! Educators report that the prevention program has reduced instances of bullying in Finland by up to one-half. Early data also shows that the program might help reduce depression and increase self-esteem for kids who have already been bullied.
Given the program's remarkable success, other countries are considering implementing it, as well. Officials in Italy, the Netherlands, and the U.K. are testing it in their school systems, and the U.S. is in the process of evaluating it.
“Our findings are the first to show that the most tormented children—those facing bullying several times a week—can be helped by teaching bystanders to be more supportive,” Jaana Juvonen, a professor at UCLA, said in a press release.
Until then, we can celebrate anti-bullying moments like this teacher's brilliant strategy to stop bullying. Parents should also make sure to be on the lookout for these warning signs that your child is a bully at school.
Image caption The school said the incident had been dealt with (BBC Scotland has blanked out the word)
Two pupils at one of Scotland's top fee-paying schools in Aberdeen have been disciplined following a racial incident in the playground, BBC Scotland can reveal.
It is understood the incident at Robert Gordon's College saw a tennis ball with a highly derogatory racial term written on it thrown at two pupils.
Robert Gordon's College said the incident was immediately investigated.
The parents of the pupils involved have been informed.
Two pupils were given full pastoral support.
The school says the police have not been informed.
'Unacceptable language'
Simon Mills, head teacher of Robert Gordon's College, said: "The school became aware of an incident involving the use of unacceptable language within the school playground on Wednesday.
"This was immediately investigated in line with school protocol and the pupils involved have been sanctioned.
"The College will not tolerate the use of any unacceptable language."
The incident happened on Wednesday.
A South Dakota lawmaker frustrated with what they view as inaction over a secretive polygamous sect's outpost in their district wants legislators to look into the compound, including why no South Dakota birth or death records have been filed from there over the last decade.
Rep. Tim Goodwin is proposing lawmakers find out more about the Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints' compound in the western part of the state. That would include what its population is, whether it has a homeschooling program, and whether polygamy or sex trafficking are taking place there.
Lawmakers will decide Tuesday on issues to study ahead of the 2018 legislative session.
SBA OPPORTUNITIES
FREE WORKSHOP to help you start your own small business!
The following topics will be discussed:
*Information about SBA loans
*What a business owner should have before applying for a loan
*What the banker is looking for in a loan
*Information in a business plan
*Other programs & services available from the SBA
Sponsored by:
The US Small Business Administration and Texas Tech University Small Business Development Center @ Lubbock.
When: Wednesday, January 25, 2017
Time: 6:00pm-8:00pm
Where: SBDC, 2579 S. Loop 289, suite 114, Lubbock, TX
This workshop is free, but registration is required due to limited seating. The deadline for registering is Noon, Jan. 24.
For more information or to make a reservation, contact Elaine @ 745-1637 , or email at lbb@ttusbdc.org. Visit our website @ www.ttusbdc.org/lubbock.
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) - The number of flu-related deaths has now exceeded 100 in the Commonwealth.
The Department for Public Health is now reporting 103 deaths from the flu epidemic in Kentucky, four of whom have been children. Twenty-one people died in just the last week.
>> RELATED STORY: Are you in the sick boat? Illness spreading fast around WAVE Country
Ten of this year's deaths have been in Jefferson County, according to Metro Health. During the 2016-17 flu season, Kentucky only saw 76 deaths.
"Tragically, the influenza virus has claimed the lives of 100 Kentuckians so far this season," Dr. Jeffrey D. Howard, Acting Department for Public Health Commissioner, said. "During this time of widespread flu activity, we want to remind people to avoid contact with others if you have influenza or an influenza-like illness. If you are sick, seek care from your healthcare provider early. Lastly, take appropriate measures to protect yourself such as washing your hands with soap and water."
This season's H3N2 strain of the flu virus is said to be extremely serious, even deadly, and not just for those in higher risk categories but also to generally healthy people.
"Pneumonia, bacterial bloodstream infections, and sepsis are examples of serious influenza-related complications that may require hospitalization and sometimes result in death of healthy people with no known risk factors for serious illness," Department for Public Health's State Epidemiologist, Dr. Jonathan Ballard said. "Flu vaccination is the most effective protection against flu. We especially recommend that all healthy Kentuckians aged six months and older be vaccinated. The flu season typically runs until late spring so it is not too late to get vaccinated."
Health officials still recommend that residents get the flu shot.
Flu season lasts through May, according to Kentucky Cabinet for Health and Family Services.
Copyright 2018 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
How to prepare for an earthquake FEMA released a video on tips on what people should do in the event of an earthquake. FEMA Monty Davis ×
crossOrigin="anonymous" SHARE COPY LINK FEMA released a video on tips on what people should do in the event of an earthquake. FEMA Monty Davis
The Department of Psychological Sciences will hold a Diversity in Art Fair and Contest. The goal of this fair is to illustrate diversity at TTU through artwork that celebrates Hispanic culture and/or other vital under-represtented cultures at TTU.
The fair will be held at 12:45-1:45 PM on Monday April 24th in PSY 301. Light refreshments will be provided. The fair is open to everyone in the TTU community. In addition, we are seeking art contributions from students in the Texas Tech community for the contest.
The top four art pieces will receive visa gift cards loaded with $350 (first), $250 (second), $150 (third), and $100 (fourth). Entries for the contest are limited and will be on a first come basis. All entries must submit an intention to compete no later than Monday April 17th to ensure space. Art work must be completed and brought to the art fair on Friday April 21st in order to compete.
Professional framing of winning art will be paid for and arranged by the Department of Psychological Sciences prior to permanent display. Accepting an award will be contingent upon donation of the presented artwork to hang for permanent public display in the Psychological Sciences building and the recipient's eligibility to receive compensation within the US. Any taxes from accepting the awards will be paid by the recipient.
For info please contact Serena Mangano at serena.mangano@ttu.edu
Image copyright Google Image caption The children were found by a passer-by and a lorry driver after they crossed the busy Sticker Lane in the early hours of the morning
Two barefoot children were found wandering the streets in their pyjamas while their alcoholic mother was out drinking, a court has heard.
Bradford Crown Court was told the youngsters - both aged under five - were helped by a passing lorry driver.
Prosecutor Richard Walters said the driver was horrified when they found out the children had crossed one of the busiest roads in the city.
The woman - who cannot be named - received a two-year suspended sentence.
They were also ordered to do 250 hours of unpaid work and comply with a 30-day rehabilitation order.
More from Yorkshire
The court heard the children were found by a passer-by and a lorry driver in the early hours of 15 March, having crossed the busy Sticker Lane in the city.
'Appalling problem'
Their mother, who is in their 30s, had left home the previous evening, and they had gone out to look for her, the court heard.
Sentencing them to a 14-month jail term suspended for two years after they admitted child neglect, Judge Jonathan Durham Hall QC said: "It's a very sad and upsetting scenario... they crossed a very busy road before well-meaning bystanders helped."
"You have an appalling problem with alcohol and in drink you are aggressive and anti-social - you assault police officers and you wholly forget your responsibilities as a mother.
"Many people will simply not understand how a mother can leave children alone and go off drinking for nine hours," they said.
"The two children were so concerned about their position, and you, that they wandered off looking for you."
'Spiralled out of control'
The court also heard the defendant, who admitted what they did was "wrong and dangerous", was given a community order for a similar offence in 2015.
Them defence barrister Abigail Langford said their client had a long-standing difficulty with excessive drinking, but they had recently started an alcohol course and a counselling programme.
Miss Langford said the defendant had not initially intended to go out of the house for as long as they did, but things had "spiralled out of control".
They added that the children were now in care.
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Stumbleupon
With two rounds of action taking place in the top two tiers, there was plenty of opportunity for change in the Power Rankings.
Here are the winners and losers since last week.
1. Leeds Rhinos (+6)
The Rhinos are huge climbers this week as their two victories shoot them to the top of the rankings.
Brian McDermott's side were the only club around the top of the rankings to win both of their games over Easter, which has seen them make ground on their rivals.
As a result, they are joint top of Super League, and top of the Power Rankings.
2. Castleford Tigers (0)
The Tigers remain top of the league following their victory over Wakefield on Good Friday, but they miss out on the chance to return to the top of the Power Rankings following defeat to St Helens on Monday.
A disappointing result halted their momentum somewhat after recovering well from their only previous defeat to Salford.
Then again, not many clubs win twice over Easter, and with Cas still the league's team to beat, it isn't a bad position to be in.
3. Salford Red Devils (-2)
The Red Devils relinquish top spot following a heavy defeat to Catalans.
Ian Watson rested some key forwards who had slight injuries, which may have contributed to the defeat, but it was still disappointing after scraping to victory over Leigh on Good Friday.
Still, they're third and two points off top, it isn't all bad.
4 . Wigan Warriors (New entry)
Wigan surge back into the fold after two solid victories over top four opposition.
An eighth straight Good Friday win over St Helens coupled with a hard-fought win over Wakefield see them charge into fourth in Super League and fourth in the rankings.
5. Hull KR (-2)
The unbeaten start is over.
The Robins suffered defeat to Toulouse on Monday, ending their 11-game winning streak.
Tim Sheens named a young team and it was always going to be tough. Even though they lost, they're still comfortably top of the Championship.
6. Toronto (-1)
Toronto suffers an unfortunate drop despite hammering North Wales.
But having only played once over the Easter period, it gave other teams a chance to impress, and unfortunately for the Wolfpack, they did.
7. Toulouse (0)
Despite suffering a defeat to the out of form London Broncos, Toulouse retain seventh place after ending Hull Kingston Rovers' unbeaten run.
Toulouse remain second in the Championship and are on track for a place in the Qualifiers.
8. Barrow (-2)
Barrow, like Toronto, slip down the rankings due to an inactive Easter Monday.
A very impressive win over Newcastle Thunder saw them keep up pace with Toronto at the top, and they look all but certain to be their biggest rivals this year.
9. Halifax (0)
Halifax retain their place in the top ten following two victories over Easter.
Victory over their local rivals Bradford on Good Friday will always go down well with their supporters, and they backed it up with a narrow win over Oldham.
That keeps them within two points of second-placed Toulouse.
10. Catalans (New entry)
Catalans return to the top ten after winning three consecutive games.
Victories over Huddersfield and Salford over the Easter weekend have moved them up to sixth and just two points off the top four.
With Tony Gigot on fire, the Dragons look set to reignite their push for honours.
Watch the foul that cost Sweden's Mikael Lustig the chance to play against England in the World Cup quarter-finals, as they receive a yellow card for bringing down Switzerland's Josip Drmić in their last-16 clash.
WATCH HIGHLIGHTS: Sweden 1-0 Switzerland
Available to UK users only.
Thorniewood United fought out a frustrating draw against Bishopbriggs side Rossvale in a McBookie.com Central Division 1 match at Robertson Park on Saturday.
The Viewpark side can probably count themselves a bit unlucky not to have taken all three points.
Thorniewood full back Andy Sinclair did well on the left to win their side a corner inside the opening minute.
Sinclair then got onto the end of Keigan Parker's cross only to see their effort stopped on the line by defender Anton McDowell.
The visitors got a corner themselves after seven minutes but Sinclair was at hand, heading clear at the near post.
The same player did likewise moments later as Vale had countered from a 'Wood break.
The busy Sinclair then did well in the 23rd minute, cutting back from the byline for Darren Bowie to test visiting keeper Jaimie Donnelly with a crisply struck 14 yarder.
In 33 minutes a great ball into the Vale box just failed to be met by the head of United's Damon Welsh with Donnelly committed so any contact would surely have put 'Wood in front.
The Viewpark men didn't have long to wait, taking a 39th minute lead after a sweeping move down the right involving Parker and Stefan Law with the latter firing across goal for Bowie to stick it over the line at the second attempt.
With half-time approaching, the visitors equalised when a cross from a corner wasn't dealt with by Derek Barnes, allowing Gary McGrath the easy task of knocking home from close range.
Minutes into the second period Barnes had to be on their toes to tip over a well struck Craig Holmes free-kick before Holmes then drove into the 'Wood box but pulled their effort wide of the near post.
Thorniewood passed up a real opportunity in the 52nd minute when Donnelly saved a point blank Bowie strike.
Vale then forced Barnes to produce the save of the match with the big keeper doing superbly to turn round a netbound McGrath effort.
With ten minutes remaining a header from United substitute Daryl Meikle played in Law who could only watch on as their ball to Lee Pettigrew came off the Rossvale bar with Donnelly beaten.
The draw extends Thorniewood's unbeaten league run to three.
The Viewpark team are at home to Lesmahagow on Wednesday night, kick-off 6.30pm, before a home derby against Bellshill on Saturday at 3pm.
The Custo Barcelona fall 2017 ready-to-wear collection showed at New York Fashion Week with a definitive and unexpected metallic shine. The whole collection had unexpected eye-catching elements mixed in with the signature aesthetic of the brand.
The Spanish brand is well known for having more than a small amount of flair and flash, but in this collection the flash was literal as light shone off the metallic materials of the ensembles. From the opening of the show, there were elements of confusion matched with the expected, intricate details.
There were great puffer coats, which are popular outerwear options anyway, but in these designs they seemed to have an updated flair. Other jackets sparkled down the runway with interesting feather or scale-like layers with birds embroidered into the overall design. There were 70 different looks, none of which were too similar to others as can happen in some collections. In the Custo Barcelona fall/winter 2017-2018 collection, there were far too many details put into each look for them to match another.
There were also a good number of mini dresses, many more than expected. The short length of the mini dresses was accented with interesting hemlines, movement-accentuating fringe and various-length boots. There was also a very Judy Jetson vibe to the collection, where the designs looked as though they could be interpreted as futuristic.
There were so many different textiles and textures at play that some of the ensembles seemed to be put together oddly, though in some of the Custo Barcelona designs it worked, in a few of the pieces it came across as being overworked. However, one of the longer coats with the textured inside hood and metallic foil outside was more interesting than confusing, but only slightly so. The coat also has a matching bag and was paired with tall high-heeled patent leather boots.
The various silhouettes were generously designed to be flattering and elegant on more than one body type, as nothing was too fitted or excluding certain shapes in the design. Though the majority of the collection benefited from a metallic sheen, there were also very rich and bright colors included as well. A deep brown ensemble beneath a silver jacket, a combination of fuchsia and royal blue, rich reds and burgundies and even a bright teal made an appearance.
The texture difference on the sweaters is interesting as well, though as a whole the Custo Barcelona fall 2017 collection shines both literally and figuratively. The interesting shapes and silhouettes and the plethora of blues altered the aesthetic of the runway presentation without going too far off the rails. The collection was the epitome of unique and enthralling, and I cannot wait to see how it works out.
Photos courtesy of Vogue
A bride and groom on their way to Costa Rica for their wedding said Saturday they were kicked off their United flight in Houston after a discrepancy with plane seating.
Michael Hohl and their fiancé, Amber Maxwell, were flying from Salt Lake City and had a layover at George Bush International Airport, KHOU-TV reported. Hohl said they were the last to board the plane and when they approached their seats, in row 24, they found a man sleeping in them.
Hohl said they decided to move up to the 21st row, not waking the man. They told the station they really did not think anything of it because the flight was half-full and had multiple empty rows.
“We thought not a big deal, it's not like we are trying to jump up into a first-class seat,” Hohl told the station. “We were simply in an economy row a few rows above our economy seat.”
An issue quickly arose as soon as Hohl and Maxwell took their seats. A flight attendant approached the pair and asked if they were in their ticketed seats. Row 21 on United flights are “economy plus” seats, an upgrade. The attendant told the pair they had to return to their seats.
Hohl said they complied with the request, but were soon approached by a U.S. Marshal who came onto the plane and asked them to be removed. With the incident of Dr. David Dao being dragged off of a United flight fresh in their minds, the couple complied with the Marshal's request.
“They said that we were being disorderly and a hazard to the rest of the flight, to the safety of the other customers,” Hohl said.
Hohl added that they did ask to be upgraded, but were told no, the Dallas Morning-News reported.
United Airlines said in a statement that the couple repeatedly tried to sit in the “economy plus” seats.
“These passengers repeatedly attempted to sit in upgraded seating which they did not purchase and they would not follow crew instructions to return to their assigned seats,” the airline said.
The couple was rebooked the next morning, but Hohl said they would not use United Airlines again to fly.
“I think customer service and the airlines has gone real downhill,” they added. “The way United Airlines handled this was really absurd.”
In wake of the incident on a United Express flight last week, United announced it is changing a company policy and will no longer allow crew members to displace customers already onboard an airplane.
Click for more from KHOU-TV.
The latest on developments in financial markets (All times local):
9:35 a.m.
Stocks are opening solidly higher on Wall Street as the market comes off its worst week since March.
Gains in technology companies and banks early Monday helped send indexes higher. Apple, Microsoft and Facebook each rose about 1 percent in the first few minutes of trading.
Bank of America was up 1.6 percent and JPMorgan Chase rose 1.1 percent.
Signs of anxiety in the market that flared last week were on the wane. Prices for bonds and gold fell.
The Standard & Poor's 500 rose 19 points, or 0.8 percent, to 2,460.
The Dow Jones industrials rose 128 points, or 0.6 percent, to 21,988. The Nasdaq composite rose 59 points, or 1 percent, to 6,315.
David Tepper, who has agreed to buy the Carolina Panthers, arrives at the Whitley Hotel in Atlanta, GA. on Monday, May 21, 2018. Tepper agreed to buy the Carolina Panthers for $2.275 billion, a record price for an NFL franchise.
Donald Trump Jr., then-candidate Donald Trump and others in the Trump organization received the email on Sept. 14, 2016.
Donald Trump Jr., then-candidate Donald Trump and others in the Trump organization received the email on Sept. 14, 2016.
Betsy Rutenberg Davis lives in California but grew up in Gadsden, AL, the hometown of judge Roy Moore, and is friends with Leigh Corfman, the woman who said Moore sexually assaulted them when they were 14.
Betsy Rutenberg Davis lives in California but grew up in Gadsden, AL, the hometown of judge Roy Moore, and is friends with Leigh Corfman, the woman who said Moore sexually assaulted them when they were 14.
In the EPA's strategic plan, “climate change resilience” is gone, along with links on how to adapt to climate change. Administrators posted the site is being updated “to reflect EPA's priorities under the leadership of President Trump.”
In the EPA's strategic plan, “climate change resilience” is gone, along with links on how to adapt to climate change. Administrators posted the site is being updated “to reflect EPA's priorities under the leadership of President Trump.”
Wounded by allegations of sexual misconduct with teens, Alabama Republican Senate nominee Roy Moore has largely disappeared from the traditional campaign trail in the race for U.S. Senate, relying on surrogates and social media.
Wounded by allegations of sexual misconduct with teens, Alabama Republican Senate nominee Roy Moore has largely disappeared from the traditional campaign trail in the race for U.S. Senate, relying on surrogates and...
Republicans are negotiating with Democrats on the contentious issue of how much the government should spend on the military and domestic agencies to avert a holiday shutdown, among other issues.
Republicans are negotiating with Democrats on the contentious issue of how much the government should spend on the military and domestic agencies to avert a holiday shutdown, among other issues.
Start the clock for Trump, GOP in last push on taxes, budget
Start the clock for Trump, GOP in last push on taxes, budget
Joyce Simmons, the GOP national committeewoman from Nebraska, resigns from the Republican National Committee because of the RNC's financial support of Moore in Alabama Senate race.
Joyce Simmons, the GOP national committeewoman from Nebraska, resigns from the Republican National Committee because of the RNC's financial support of Moore in Alabama Senate race.
(AP Photo/Evan Vucci, File). In this June 21, 2016, file photo, Sen. Richard Shelby, R-Ala., listens at a U.S. monetary policy meeting on Capitol Hill in Washington.
(AP Photo/Brynn Anderson, File). In this Dec. 5, 2017, photo, former Alabama Chief Justice and U.S. Senate candidate Roy Moore speaks at a campaign rally, in Fairhope Ala.
By BILL BARROW and KIM CHANDLER
Associated Press
BIRMINGHAM, Ala. (AP) - Alabama's U.S. Senate campaign entered its last day Monday with the candidates making final appeals for votes and a war of robocalls between President Donald Trump and former President Barack Obama. There was a flurry of bogus news as well.
Trump recorded a call touting Republican Roy Moore, accused by several women of sexual misconduct, and saying Republicans needed their vote in the Senate. Obama and former Vice President Joe Biden are supporting Democrat Doug Jones, seeking to break the GOP's lock on statewide office in Alabama.
With polls opening Tuesday, a flurry of bogus news stories has appeared on social media spreading misinformation about the race. One website falsely proclaimed that one of the women who have accused Moore of sexual misconduct had recanted. On the other side, Moore's detractors took to social media to falsely claim that Moore had written in a 2011 textbook that women shouldn't hold elected office.
Around 200 stories flagged as false or misleading relating to the race surfaced on Facebook by the weekend, according to a count by The Associated Press, one of several fact-checking organizations working with Facebook to deter the spread of false content on the platform.
In a morning stop at a diner in Birmingham, Jones accused Moore of disappearing during the campaign's closing days and claimed the Republican wasn't even in Alabama over the weekend.
"We're making sure our message is getting across while Roy Moore hides behind whoever he's hiding behind," said Jones.
Moore has made only a few public appearances since women came forward to accuse them of sexual misconduct years ago - including one who said they molested them when they were 14. They were in Montgomery for a Christmas party on Sunday evening, but their campaign hasn't responded to questions about their whereabouts the rest of the weekend.
Moore was set to appear Monday night at a rally in rural southeast Alabama with former Trump chief strategist Steve Bannon, making their third trip to the state to support Moore.
Alabama Democrats see the special Senate election as a chance to renounce a history littered with politicians whose race-baiting, bombast and other baggage have long soiled the state's reputation beyond its borders.
Many Republicans see the vote as chance to ratify their conservative values and protect Trump's agenda ahead of the 2018 midterm elections.
Moore, a former judge twice removed as state chief justice for violating judicial ethics, has spent two decades advocating conservative Christian positions. Jones is a former federal prosecutor best known for prosecuting two Ku Klux Klansmen responsible for killing four black girls in a 1963 church bombing.
The winner will take the seat held previously by Trump's attorney general, Jeff Sessions. Republicans control the Senate with 52 seats.
The matchup mixes both Alabama's tortured history and the nation's current divisive, bitterly partisan politics, and it has made a spectacle of a Deep South state well acquainted with national scrutiny but not accustomed to competitive general elections.
"This is an election to tell the whole world what we stand for," Jones told supporters at one stop Sunday, adding that their campaign "is on the right side of history." At an earlier appearance, they declared Alabama is "at a crossroads" and that Moore, an unapologetic evangelical populist, tries only to "create conflict and division."
Jones, 63, stops short of explicitly comparing Moore to the four-term Gov. George Wallace, whose populism was rooted in segregation. But Jones alluded Sunday to that era of Alabama politics.
"Elect a responsible man to a responsible office," Jones said, repeating the campaign slogan of another Alabama governor, Albert Brewer, who nearly defeated Wallace in 1970 in a contest Alabama liberals and many moderates still lament as a lost opportunity.
Some of Jones' supporters put it even more bluntly. "I thought Alabama's image was pretty much at the bottom," said Pat Lawrence, a retired software engineer in Huntsville. A Moore win, Lawrence added, "will be a whole new bottom."
Those concerns extend even to some GOP quarters. Alabama's senior senator, Richard Shelby, confirmed Sunday that they did not vote for Moore, saying they wrote in another "distinguished" party figure they declined to name.
Yet for many Republicans, Moore is a paragon of traditional values. They reject accusations that they molested two teenage girls and pursued relationships with others decades ago. Moore denies the charges.
"Everyone has to vote their convictions," said Kevin Mims of Montgomery, as they held their Bible outside their Baptist church Sunday in Montgomery. "My conviction is he's the right man for the job."
Where Moore's critics see a state judge who defied federal courts, including the U.S. Supreme Court's decision legalizing same-sex marriage, Mims sees a stalwart who stands "on the word of God." Other conservatives see an anti-establishment firebrand in the mold of Trump, who won Alabama by 28 percentage points.
__
Barrow reported from Mobile, Alabama; Chandler reported from Huntsville Alabama. Follow Barrow on Twitter at https://twitter.com/BillBarrowAP and Chandler at https://twitter.com/StatehouseKim. AP writer Jay Reeves contributed to this report from Birmingham. Follow Reeves on Twitter at https://twitter.com/Jay_Reeves.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
PACERS-CAVALIERS
Irving scores 37, Cavs hold on to beat Pacers 117-111
CLEVELAND (AP) - Kyrie Irving scored 37 points, Kevin Love added 27 and the Cleveland Cavaliers avoided another fourth-quarter collapse in Game 2, beating the Indiana Pacers 117-111 on Monday night to take a 2-0 lead in the series.
After squeaking out the opener by a point, LeBron James and Co. showed more intensity on defense, more swagger in general and won their 10th straight first-round game over the past three seasons.
However, they nearly blew an 18-point lead in the fourth as the Pacers got within four before Cleveland closed it out at the line.
James added 10 rebounds and seven assists, but had eight of Cleveland's 19 turnovers.
Game 3 is Thursday night.
Paul George scored 32 and Jeff Teague 23 for Indiana, which showed more fight, but now has a steep hill to climb to get back in the series. Cleveland is 12-0 when starting 2-0 in the postseason.
COLTS-LUCK SURGERY
Luck offers no timetable for return from shoulder surgery
INDIANAPOLIS (AP) - Andrew Luck isn't sure when he'll start throwing again and won't set a timetable for their return from shoulder surgery.
The Indianapolis Colts starting quarterback isn't expected to do much - if any - work during the team's offseason workouts.
Players and coaches held their first official team activities Monday at the team complex, and for the first time Luck acknowledged that their injury problems began during a Week 3 contest at Tennessee in 2015.
They missed nine games that season with an assortment of injuries, including a lacerated kidney. After the season, Luck said they decided to undergo rehab rather than opt for surgery. But after aggravating the injury several times last season, they decided to have surgery.
FEVER-CATCHINGS HIRED
Tamika Catchings returns to Indiana with front office job
INDIANAPOLIS (AP) - Tamika Catchings is returning to Indiana - as director of player programs and franchise development.
The longtime WNBA star retired at the end of last season after a 16-year career that included 10 All-Star selections, one WNBA championship, one league MVP award and four Olympic gold medals.
Catchings will work with three different franchises - the Indiana Fever, who they played with, the Fort Wayne Mad Ants of the NBA's D-League and the Indiana Pacers.
The 37-year-old Catchings will be asked to help build chemistry and continuity among players and recruit free agents for the Fever and Mad Ants and will assist with community outreach programs for all three franchises.
BREWERS-CUBS
Thames, Braun power Brewers past struggling Cubs 6-3
CHICAGO (AP) - Eric Thames homered in their club record-tying fifth straight game and the streaking Milwaukee Brewers turned back the Chicago Cubs 6-3 on Monday night.
Milwaukee never trailed after the Thames hit an opposite-field homer to snap a 3-3 tie in the third inning. Jeromy Burnitz became the first and last Brewers player to homer in five straight games in August, 1997.
Ryan Braun and Jeff Bandy also went deep for Milwaukee, the only team to hit as many as three homers in a game off Chicago starter John Lackey (1-2) last season. The victory was the Brewers' sixth in the last seven games.
The Cubs lost for a fourth straight time, their worst stretch since a five-game skid from July 5-9 last season.
Brewers starter Chase Anderson (2-0) pitched five innings of three-run, seven-hit ball to pick up the victory. They walked two batters and struck out five. Neftali Felix pitched a scoreless ninth for their fifth save in as many tries.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Here is the seven day forecast for Rock Springs and Green River from the National Weather Service:
Today – Scattered showers before 2 pm, then scattered showers and thunderstorms between 2 pm and 5 pm, then showers likely and possibly a thunderstorm after 5 pm. Some of the storms could produce gusty winds. Increasing clouds, with a high near 62. Breezy, with a light and variable wind becoming west southwest 11 to 16 mph in the morning. Winds could gust as high as 21 mph. Chance of precipitation is 60%.
Tonight -Rain showers likely before 3 am, then scattered rain and snow showers. Some thunder is also possible. Cloudy, with a low around 35. Breezy, with a west wind 6 to 11 mph increasing to 12 to 17 mph after midnight. Winds could gust as high as 24 mph. Chance of precipitation is 60%. New snow accumulation of less than one inch possible.
Wednesday – A 20 percent chance of showers before noon. Partly sunny, with a high near 57. Breezy, with a west wind 14 to 18 mph, with gusts as high as 25 mph.
Wednesday Night – Partly cloudy, with a low around 31. West wind 9 to 14 mph becoming light and variable after midnight.
Thursday – A chance of showers, with thunderstorms also possible after noon. Some of the storms could produce gusty winds. Partly sunny, with a high near 61. South southeast wind 5 to 11 mph becoming southwest in the afternoon. Chance of precipitation is 50%.
Thursday Night – A chance of rain showers before midnight, then a chance of rain and snow showers. Mostly cloudy, with a low around 32. Breezy, with a west wind 10 to 15 mph, with gusts as high as 21 mph. Chance of precipitation is 50%.
Friday – A slight chance of rain and snow showers before noon, then a slight chance of rain showers. Mostly cloudy, with a high near 48. Breezy, with a west wind 17 to 20 mph, with gusts as high as 25 mph. Chance of precipitation is 20%.
Friday Night – A 20 percent chance of showers before midnight. Mostly cloudy, with a low around 30.
Saturday – Mostly sunny, with a high near 56.
Saturday Night – Mostly clear, with a low around 34.
Sunday – Isolated showers and thunderstorms. Mostly sunny, with a high near 65.
Sunday Night – Isolated showers and thunderstorms. Mostly cloudy, with a low around 36.
Monday – Mostly sunny, with a high near 63.
Setting up a smart security camera in your house is getting simpler by the day, but what if you want one in your shed, in your holiday home, on your boat, or on a tree? What then, eh? These are all suggested locations for the Reolink Go, a security camera that doesn't require a WiFi connection to work. When there isn't one available, it can hop onto a 4G network, provided you're happy to sign up to a data plan. Completely wireless, you can power the Go with either a rechargeable battery or an optional solar panel, with weatherproofing ensuring it really can go anywhere. Otherwise, the feature set is as you'd expect: night vision, two-way audio, motion detection, smartphone notifications and an app-based 1080p livestream that you can check on whenever you like. Pre-orders start at $119.
Chicago Cubs manager Joe Maddon gestures on the field during practice at Nationals Park, Thursday, Oct. 5, 2017, in Washington. Game 1 of the National League Division Series against the Washington Nationals is on Friday. Nick Wass AP Photo
Titewire LLC leases site at BusinessPlex
A new manufacturer making a tool for installing barbed wire fencing is expected to soon occupy one of the vacant buildings at the Marion County BusinessPlex.
---
The content you're trying to view is available for Premium Content Subscribers only. Online subscription options are available and are complimentary to all existing print subscribers of The COLUMBIAN-PROGRESS.
If you're an existing subscriber (print or digital) and already have your Username and Password, click here: http://columbianprogress.com/user/login
If you're an existing print subscriber and need to activate your online account, click here: http://columbianprogress.com/existing-subscribers
If you have yet to make it to a game, you might want to fit one in your schedule.
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) – In an effort to be more transparent, Louisville City FC has released a list of its owners.
The list, released Friday, includes the University of Louisville's new Athletic Director, one of UofL's Trustees Sandra Frazier, former U.S. Ambassador Matthew Barzun and restauranteur Vincenzo Gabriele.
In the letter sent out on Friday, Louisville City FC's Executive Vice President, Brad Estes said they are proud to have a "fine group of owners, as they are pillars in our community."
MORE FROM WAVE3.COM
+ Letter: Postel accuses Pitino of 'pattern ... of inappropriate behavior'
+ 2 UofL basketball coaches placed on administrative leave
+ Man charged for stabbing near Churchill Downs
The letter went on to explain that the owners' investments, in many cases, are held within LLC or other investment vehicles.
"We believe the goal is to seek to understand the individuals behind the LLCs, which is why we are releasing individual names and not legal entities," Estes said.
The full list of Louisville City FC Owners is as follows:
Andrew Beck
Barrett Nichols
Breck Jones
Bruce Aitken
Carolyn Mountjoy
Chester Musselman
Christian Olsen
Dan Okruhlica
David & Carol Rickert
Gabriel Cardenas
Garett Jackson
Garrett Bates
Garvin Brown
George Duthie
Gill Holland
Hassan Miyanji
Henry Sanders
Jacob Brown
Jim Shircliffe
Jimmy Kirchdorfer
John Hollenbach
John Kallis
John Neace
John Oakley
John Pieper
Jose Donis
Justin Akin
Ken Stilger
Lee Groza
Mark Kirchdorfer
Matthew Barzun
Mike Mountjoy
Pradeep Padmanabhan
Rory McMahan
Sandra Frazier
Scott Ferguson
Scott Kronick
Stuart Ferguson
Terry Stilger
Thomas Forsha
Tim Mulloy
Thomas Mueller
Tysen Smith
Vince Tyra
Vincenzo Gabriele
Will Sanders
Copyright 2017 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
Video
A man and woman feared to have been exposed to an unknown substance has prompted police to declare a major incident.
The pair were found unconscious in what is thought to be a drugs-related incident at a house in Muggleton Road, Amesbury.
Local residents expressed their concern over the similarities of the incident to the poisoning of ex-Russian spy Sergei Skripal and their daughter Yulia in Salisbury, which is about 10 miles away, in March.
DUBAI: A top Iranian official called on the Gulf states on Tuesday to seize the opportunity of a visit by Iranian President Hassan Rouhani to Oman and Kuwait to improve ties, warning that a chance like this would “pass like a cloud.”
Rouhani will visit Oman and Kuwait on Wednesday on their first visit to the Gulf states since taking power in 2013. “Rouhani's regional initiative to accept the invitation of leaders of Oman and Kuwait signals the need for Islamic friendship and restoration of regional ties,” Hamid Aboutalebi, the Iranian president's deputy chief of staff, tweeted on Tuesday.
“This regional initiative is an opportunity that our regional friends should seize. Opportunity passes like a cloud. Take advantage of the good opportunity,” they added.
The online business OnlyInYourState has recently named Adaland Mansion in Philippi as one of the 12 “Most Beautiful Places to Get Married in WV.”
OnlyInOurState takes a fun, informal approach to helping readers discover things in each of the 50 states with more than 30 million viewers each month.
“Adaland itself has been here a number of years. This is our 19th season we're going into,” SAYS Volunteer Karen Larry. “We are listed among 12 different very beautiful locations in West Virginia for weddings and Adaland is particularly happy to be named there.”
Adaland offers a charming venue for weddings from May to mid-October. Ceremonies are held in the garden, on the pavilion, or on the lawn.
For more information or to schedule a visit, e-mail info1@adaland.org or call (304) 457-1587 or (304) 457-2415.
BOSTON — The financial services firm behind Wall Street's "Fearless Girl" statue agreed to pay $5 million to settle federal allegations that it paid female executives less than their male counterparts.
The agreement followed a U.S. Department of Labor probe into Boston-based State Street Corporation.
Investigators said their analysis concluded that State Street had paid female executives less in base pay, bonus pay and total compensation than similarly situated males in the same positions.
People stop to photograph the "Fearless Girl" statue on March 8 in New York. Installed by a Wall Street firm ahead of International Women's Day, the girl appears to stare down Lower Manhattan's well-known bronze charging bull. Mark Lennihan / AP
A spokesperson for the company said Thursday that State Street disagrees with the analysis but opted to bring the six-year-old matter to a resolution and move forward.
In a statement the company said it is "committed to equal pay practices and evaluates on an ongoing basis our internal processes to be sure our compensation, hiring and promotions programs are nondiscriminatory."
Related: Urinating 'Sketchy Dog' Statue Appears Next to 'Fearless Girl'
The agreement calls on State Street to pay $5 million into a fund for 305 female executives and 15 black executives, which the investigation also found had been paid less than similarly situated white employees in the same positions.
Artist Kristen Visbal's "Fearless Girl" statue of a girl with their hands on their hips was commissioned by State Street Global Advisors, a division of State Street Corporation, and placed on a traffic island facing Wall Street's "Charging Bull" statue on March 7.
The work was embraced by tourists and others as a symbol of female empowerment, though some critics have questioned the motives of State Street, which has said the statue was intended "to celebrate the power of women in leadership and to urge greater gender diversity on corporate boards."
Add this to the ever-growing list of things you have to worry about:
Somewhere in the Arctic sea ice, where the temperatures are typically below freezing on even the balmiest days, there is a random pattern of holes, and NASA – the literal rocket scientists who took us to the moon and want to take us to Mars – can't figure out what they are.
NASA has spent the past decade flying over the Earth's Arctic and Antarctic regions in an attempt to understand the connections between the world's climate systems, and to look at global warming's impact on some of the coldest places on Earth.
The missions have a name straight out of a James Bond novel: Operation IceBridge.
It's an intensive, six-month survey over two hemispheres that uses “the most sophisticated suite of innovative science instruments ever assembled,” including laser altimeters, plane-based lidar and NASA satellites.
“We saw these sorta-circular features only for a few minutes today,” IceBridge mission scientist John Sonntag, the man who snapped the photo, wrote from the field. “I don't recall seeing this sort of thing elsewhere.”
The sort of things they saw were three amoeba-shaped holes in a vast, unbroken sheet of thin ice.
Not content to keep the bafflement in-house, or perhaps as a fishing expedition, the folks at NASA presented the photo to the space-curious public. They posted a picture of the mysterious ice holes as the April 2018 Puzzler, a monthly contest in which NASA asks viewers to describe a mysterious pictured object.
The post, however, never mentions that NASA's scientists are among the puzzled.
“Your challenge,” the contest rules say, “is to use the comments section to tell us what we are looking at and why this place is interesting.”
Competitors came up with a host of answers: The holes might be remnants of meteorites, or maybe dried up salt lakes, some said.
No one guessed “entrance to the fortress of solitude” or aliens, or suggested that they were the non-crop versions of crop circles, although one person guessed that America's space agency posted a picture of “something thats come from outer space.”
Sonntag snapped the photo April 14 while Operation IceBridge was flying a P-3 research plane over a part of the Beaufort Sea that scientists haven't explored in detail since 2013.
I don't recall seeing this sort of thing elsewhere
They know that the ice there is, as sea ice geophysicist Don Perovich told NASA, “likely thin, soft and mushy and somewhat pliable.”
That means the holes could occur naturally, as warmer bodies of water “make their presence known in this particular area,” melting the sea ice, Chris Shuman, a glaciologist at NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center, told NASA.
Or maybe seals have taken advantage of the mushy ice to gnaw air holes that would allow them to surface and take a breath where breaks in the ice don't naturally occur.
Area seals could not be reached for comment, but Walt Meier, a scientist at the National Snow and Ice Data Center, told the Mirror that the encircling features, those lighter areas of ice around the holes, “may be due to waves of water washing out over the snow and ice when the seals surface.”
Sonntag and their camera are no strangers to bizarre frozen phenomena. He's a research and development scientist with NASA and is assigned to Operation IceBridge. He's also the one who snapped that photo of the crack on one of the largest ice shelves that ultimately gave the world an iceberg the size of Delaware.
So he's seen a lot of ice, and snapped a lot of photos of rarely seen, icy phenomena.
And all of it was explainable – until now.
President Donald Trump listens during a meeting with North Korean defectors where they talked with reporters about allowing the release of a secret memo on the FBI's role in the Russia inquiry, in the Oval Office of the White House, Friday, Feb. 2, 2018, in Washington. Evan Vucci AP Photo
Letter against tree trimming
To the Editor: In my humble opinion that part of the electric power company's ordinance which purports to give the company the right to trim such trees as may interfere with its wires is not worth the ink it took to write it – and I trust that all independent, tree owning, patriotic Anokans will resist its enforcement.
– 100 years ago, Dec. 27, 1916
Anoka Union
Farm Machinery emergency meeting to be held
The farm machinery emergency and how to meet it – a critical problem facing every farmer in 1942 and “for the duration” – will be the subject of a county-wide Farm Machinery Day at Anoka, Thursday, January 29, which is expected to bring out one of the largest gatherings of farmers in the history of this county. Owing to war demands for steel, new machinery will be very scarce this year and even repair parts may be impossible to get unless farmers act early instead of waiting until a few days before their machinery is needed.
– 75 years ago, Dec. 31, 1941
Anoka Herald
Fire kills girl on Christmas
Fourteen-year-old Jacqueline Cherne was killed in an early morning Christmas fire that gutted their home and nearly claimed their parents and eight brothers and sisters.
– 50 years ago, Dec. 30, 1966
Anoka County Union
Supreme Court decision benefits Anoka-Ramsey
A Minnesota Supreme Court decision Dec. 20 was good news for Anoka-Ramsey Community College. The Supreme Court threw out Gov. Arne Carlson's vetoes of higher education funding, which had been approved by the 1991 session of the Minnesota Legislature. The state's highest court ruled the vetoes illegal.
– 25 years ago, Dec. 27, 1991
Coon Rapids Herald
• Compiled by Eric Hagen
Editor's note: “Looking Back” is reprinted exactly as the items first appeared.
Some 107,000 women applied for 140 positions at Saudi Arabia's passport office within a week of the jobs being posted online, local media reported.
Women gather outside an immigration office in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. Fayez Nureldine / AFP/Getty Images file
The General Directorate of Passports announced via Twitter on Jan. 18 that it was looking for female applicants for roles at airports and the country's land borders.
The overwhelming level of interest "amazed" officials who subsequently closed the online application process, the Arab News newspaper reported.
Applicants were required to have a high school degree or the equivalent and be aged between 25 and 35.
This latest sign of women's pent-up desire to work comes amid huge social changes sweeping the Saudi Arabia as Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman seeks to turn around the oil-dependent economy and return it to more "moderate" Islam.
Other signs of change include September's royal decree allowing women to drive this summer and letting women and girls attend sports events.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed FROM DEC. 7: First all-female music concert in Saudi capital sells out 0:44 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Female unemployment in the kingdom stands at around 33 percent — compared to an overall rate of 12 percent.
Strict gender segregation long inhibited women's working outside the home, although rules and customs around male and female mixing has relaxed in recent years.
Get the Think newsletter. SUBSCRIBE
The Supreme Court on Wednesday will — finally — consider the legality of President Donald Trump's controversial "Muslim ban" executive order from their first week in office. Needless to say, pundits from across the political spectrum are portraying the case, Trump v. Hawaii, as a referendum on all-things Trump: from the legal significance of their tweets and campaign statements to the debate over whether their executive orders should be treated as seriously as those issued by their predecessors. Some have even suggested that the case is an opportunity for the Supreme Court to atone for some of its prior mistakes, most notably its blessing of the Japanese-American internment camps during World War II.
But whether the justices ultimately side with the president or the challengers in Trump v. Hawaii, the true winners in this litigation are the federal courts — which have been instrumental in pushing the executive branch to more properly tailor what Trump calls the “travel ban” in the first place. In the midst of the increasingly ubiquitous political insanity of the past 15 months, the judiciary seems to be the one institution that has remained largely immune.
The true winners in this litigation are the federal courts — which have been instrumental in pushing the executive branch to more properly tailor the “travel ban.”
In many ways, litigation arising out of the travel ban has been the biggest test case for the courts in the Trump age. It started with a chaotic series of trial-court rulings in response to the first iteration of the ban, which was not well drafted, vetted, or implemented (recall the chaos at various international airports). By February 3, 2017, a “so-called” federal judge in Seattle had put the ban on hold over grave concerns that it was unlawful (in exceeding the president's statutory authority) and unconstitutional (in violating the due process rights of non-citizens lawfully present within the United States).
Although the government initially asked the court of appeals to reconsider the decision, it declined to pursue that appeal and ended up abandoning the original ban in favor of a somewhat more-nuanced version issued on March 6, 2017. (Trump would later describe it as a “watered-down, politically correct version” that was “tailor[ed]” at the behest of “the lawyers.”)
This second iteration fared only a little better in the courts. It was quickly enjoined by federal judges in Maryland and Hawaii, with those injunctions upheld by the Fourth and Ninth Circuit Courts of Appeals. And when the case first reached the Supreme Court last June, six of the nine justices voted to leave those injunctions in place for anyone with a “bona fide relationship with the United States” while the Court considered the ban on the merits.
Once again, rather than push the justices into what was likely to be an adverse ruling on the merits, the government went back to the drawing board. And on Sept. 27, 2017, Trump issued their third iteration of the travel ban (the one the justices are now considering), which led the Court to dismiss the government's appeal of version two on the ground that it was moot. The third version adds still more nuance, nominally includes at least two countries that aren't Muslim-majority, and creates a series of case-specific exceptions ostensibly to address concerns of overreach.
There are still powerful statutory, constitutional and moral arguments against even this third version of the travel ban (David Cole, the ACLU's legal director, offers a concise summary). But, unlike the first two versions, the ban is now plausibly — if superficially — defensible. To put the matter simply, it's going to be close — and will almost certainly come down to the votes of the three justices closest to the Court's center, Chief Justice John Roberts, Justice Anthony Kennedy and Justice Stephen Breyer.
All of this has led a number of conservative commentators to predict not only that the justices will in fact side with Trump, but that such a ruling will both vindicate them and seriously rebuke the lower federal courts. These partisan courts, the pundits argue, have effectively “joined the resistance,” and the justices will set them straight. The Trump administration has also made noises to this effect, with Assistant Attorney General Beth Williams arguing in a speech to the American Bar Association in March that the courts have been adopting novel legal theories and strategies to freeze the president's policies—rulings that should cause “alarm."
All of this has led a number of conservative commentators to predict not only that the justices will side with Trump, but that such a ruling will rebuke the lower federal courts.
Among the many problems with these arguments is the fact that they fail to account for two different— but equally important — contrary bodies of evidence. First, with respect to the travel ban itself, the only reason why there's even a chance that the government will prevail now is because of the lessons it took away from its earlier losses in the courts. That is to say, if the third version of the travel ban is legal, it is largely, if not entirely, because earlier judicial rulings forced it to be. Judges did their job, and the government, as is its right, reacted. That's not federal courts running amok; it's federal courts being federal courts.
Second, while all of this is going on, lower federal courts are continuing to rule against Trump's other immigration policies without anywhere near the same fanfare or controversy. Last Thursday, for example, the Chicago-based federal appeals court sustained a nationwide injunction against a pair of funding restrictions that Attorney General Jeff Sessions had imposed against so-called “sanctuary cities,” concluding that Sessions had no authority to tie such funding to the specifics of state or local immigration policies. As Judge Ilana Rovner (appointed to two different judgeships by President Ronald Reagan and President George H.W. Bush, respectively) wrote for the court:
Our role in this case is not to assess the optimal immigration policies for our country; that is not before us today. Rather, the issue before us strikes at one of the bedrock principles of our nation, the protection of which transcends political party affiliation and rests at the heart of our system of government—the separation of powers.
Like the Chicago ruling, the work of the federal courts during the Trump presidency to date has consistently shown fidelity to longstanding principles concerning the role of the judicial system—a role that has been put to the test by many of the novel policies expounded (often in novel ways) by the Trump administration.
That the Supreme Court is only hearing a case about the travel ban now, with the ban in its third iteration, is not proof that the federal courts have joined the resistance; it's proof that they've been the one governmental institution that continues to serve the American people in the way the Founding Fathers intended.
Steve Vladeck (@steve_vladeck) is a professor of law at the University of Texas School of Law whose teaching and research focus on federal jurisdiction, constitutional law, and national security law. Steve is co-editor-in-chief of the Just Security blog (@just_security) and co-host of the National Security Law Podcast (@nslpodcast).
The YNaija Cover this morning – the 18th of April
Read these stories and analyses by clicking on the links below: We are not losing any sleep over your threat…
Read » The YNaija Cover this morning – the 18th of April on YNaija
This post was syndicated from YNaija. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
LOS ANGELES – Two weeks ago, Tiger Woods withdrew from the Dubai Desert Classic after just a single round citing back spasms. Now those same back spasms have prompted the 14-time major champion to skip a previously scheduled press conference on Wednesday at the Genesis Open.
Last Friday, Woods withdrew from this week's stop at Riviera Country Club and next week's Honda Classic. “My doctors have advised me not to play the next two weeks, to continue my treatment and to let my back calm down,” they said in a statement.
Woods was scheduled to speak with the media on Tuesday in Los Angeles at the Genesis Open, but the press conference was moved to Wednesday. Late Tuesday, officials announced they wouldn't be meeting with the media at all.
“After receiving daily treatment the last several days on their on-going back spasms, Tiger Woods has again been advised by doctors to limit all activities and will not hold a press conference Wednesday,” officials announced in a statement.
It's not known if Woods, who is the Genesis Open host, will be in Los Angeles for this week's event, which benefits their foundation.
Arsenal's players have been posting on social media to welcome Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang to the club.
The Gabon international's club record signing from Borussia Dortmund passed without comment from the Gunners' players.
But having got up close and personal with their new team-mate in training at London Colney, the welcome messages have now started to emerge.
You can see Arsenal players welcoming Aubameyang to the club in the build-up to this evening's game against Everton in the tweets below.
Most applicants are capable, but it's a lot harder to find someone who is easy to get along with.
Subscribe Let our news meet your inbox. SIGN UP
When it comes to success in life, don't count on the “X factor” to give you a boost. Consider your “L factor” instead.
Are you likable? Are you sure? It could determine whether you get raises, promotions and invitations. It could also trump competence and skill in certain cases.
Can you make yourself more likeable? Absolutely, experts say.
“The reality is social skills, being happy and being positive around others — that doesn't come naturally to a lot of people,” said Patrick King, author of "The Science of Likability: 27 Studies to Master Charisma, Attract Friends, Captivate People, and Take Advantage of Human Psychology."
“It's not easy. It takes practice… [but] it's learnable.”
The “L factor” looms large when companies choose who to hire. It's all about that elusive fit: Most applicants are capable, but it's a lot harder to find someone who is easy to get along with, King noted.
Your Video Begins in: 00:00 00:23 00:00 / 00:00 Are You the Office Jerk? You Probably Wouldn't Know It 00:01:20
When people have a choice of who to work with, likability can sometimes matter a little bit more than competence, said Tiziana Casciaro, an associate professor at the University of Toronto's Rotman School of Management, who researches likability in the workplace.
“When somebody lacks basic rapport with a colleague, they will not work with them; they will try to avoid them, even when they recognize their competence,” Casciaro said.
What can you do to increase your chances of being liked? These strategies can help:
Find the little thread that links you with another person
“The biggest driver of liking is similarity. We like people like ourselves,” Casciaro said. “It increases warmth and the sense of camaraderie.”
You can induce a sense of similarity with almost anybody by finding things you have in common. They may not be apparent right away, so be observant. Great salespeople do this all the time by studying potential customers for bits and pieces of their lives they can relate to, they noted.
You could look for little clues on a person's desk or ask about their hobbies. Perhaps you've both been to Paris or you're both addicted to Nutella or you both love “Game of Thrones.” Be sure to let the other person know about your shared common ground.
Like someone and they'll like you right back
We like people who seem to like us — it's almost irresistible, Casciaro noted.
Flattery can convey fondness, but they don't recommend using the fake manipulative kind, even though it may work. “People believe compliments even if they are absolutely absurd. We want to believe them,” they said. “[But] flattery that is completely made up is exhausting and morally reprehensible.”
Instead, let a compliment come from a real place. See the positive in a person and express it to them: “I really appreciate what you did yesterday.” When you give people kudos, it goes a very long way towards them liking you back.
Be a familiar presence
Humans like things that are familiar, so just seeing you around in person makes you more likable to others.
“This concept gives a whole new meaning to the idea of face time,” Casciaro said. “When you have the opportunity to relate to your colleagues face-to-face, do so.”
Swing by a coworker's desk rather than messaging him. Go to after-work drinks if you have time and would find the outing enjoyable — if not, just try to talk to people as much as possible in person during work hours, they advised. You want to maximize rich interactions and cut down on the drier ones, like texts and phone calls. Be sure to be seen.
When you give people kudos, it goes a very long way towards them liking you back. When you give people kudos, it goes a very long way towards them liking you back.
Be a little vulnerable
In a recent study, people liked a robot that made mistakes “significantly more” than a robot that performed flawlessly. The findings confirm the “Pratfall Effect,” a psychological phenomenon that found when someone we consider superior or distant makes a clumsy blunder, it makes them more likable. The effect is endearing, whether it's committing a small gaffe or revealing a slightly awkward personal detail, so be OK with sometimes sharing something that makes you a bit vulnerable, King said.
“People seem to enjoy the fact that I was a fat kid,” they noted. “Introducing a weakness or a flaw about yourself … is about showing your humanity.”
A person who seems absolutely beyond reproach and fabulous in every way can elicit envy, so showing a little bit of vulnerability can help, Casciaro added. Celebrities do this all the time by sharing self-deprecating stories, often with a bit of humor.
Ask lots of questions
Have a genuine sense of wonder and curiosity about the other person, King advised. A recent study found people who asked more questions, particularly follow-up questions, were better liked by their conversation partners.
“When you have curiosity and when you care about someone, the conversation takes care of itself,” King said.
WASHINGTON — How often do students miss school? Are they ready for college? Are they physically fit? Is their school a welcoming place?
States are beginning to outline new ways to evaluate their schools, rather than relying just on traditional measures such as test scores.
The plans are required under a federal education law, the Every Student Succeeds Act, which was signed by former President Barack Obama in 2015 and takes effect in the coming school year.
Under the new law, states are focusing more on academic growth, meaning not just whether students have achieved a certain academic level in reading and math, but whether they have improved over time.
Mike Petrilli, president of the Thomas B. Fordham Institute, said that's a big change from the No Child Left Behind Act, the previous version of the education law. “Schools and educators should feel good about that; that will be a fairer way to measure school quality,” they said.
But while most experts praised the flexibility and innovation offered by the new law, some think that in the absence of federal guidelines some states may overlook groups of students who need additional support, such as minorities, students with disabilities and English-language learners. The Republican-controlled Congress moved swiftly this year to rescind key federal accountability guidelines passed by the Obama administration to help states implement the new law.
So far, nine states and the District of Columbia have submitted their accountability plans to the Education Department for review, and seven states are completing their blueprints. The remaining states will submit their plans in September. Education Secretary Betsy DeVos will decide whether to accept or reject them. They have said their goal is state and local flexibility in education and indicated that they might use the process to advance school choice.
When evaluating school quality, states are experimenting with new indicators. Almost all of the first-round states have adopted chronic absenteeism, or how many students miss more than 10 percent of the school year, as a key metric.
Connecticut and Delaware, among others, also will be tracking college readiness, or whether high school students are taking advanced classes and how successful they are on college admission tests like the SAT.
Tennessee wants to give every public school in the state a grade from A to F, which state Education Commissioner Candice McQueen says would give parents better information about schools. The grade will take into account such things as how well English language learners are doing and whether disabled students are being served. The schools will also be graded on chronic absenteeism rates, and if students are ready for college or the military and whether traditionally underserved students are performing well. Graduation rates also will count.
Nevada outlined a system that focuses on student growth measures, including test scores, English language proficiency, and graduation rates. Massachusetts will be paying attention to academic results in ninth grade.
In New Mexico, the state will begin tracking the need for additional tutoring in college and linking those back to high schools where the students studied. The state also will look at how students do in science in ranking schools.
Some states are getting creative. Vermont and Connecticut want to make physical fitness another sign of school quality, while Connecticut also believes access to arts education should be another measure. Illinois wants to conduct “climate surveys” asking whether children feel they are in a safe and welcoming environment.
“There is a lot more than just tests that matter for student success,” said Natasha Ushomirsky with the Education Trust. “Tests are important and looking at progress is important, but states are getting a better picture of how schools are serving students.”
Another common thread that has emerged from the first round: States are doing a better job of involving parents, teachers and community activists in the process. “They've been very proactive to engage anybody who has an interest in the plans,” said Kirsten Carr with the Council of Chief State School Officers.
But Marc Magee, CEO of 50Can, an education nonprofit, expressed concern that “if everybody doesn't hold up their end of the bargain, we could go back to that era where certain populations of students become invisible inside schools even if they are struggling mightily and not getting the opportunity that they deserve.”
And Lindsey Tepe, senior education policy analyst at New America, said there is so much variation in how states want to evaluate their schools that national comparisons could be difficult. “Without the guidance, there isn't really a recipe to follow,” said Tepe.
__
Associated Press writers Sheila Burke in Nashville, Tennessee; Susan Montoya Bryan in Albuquerque, New Mexico; Sally Ho in Las Vegas; Sophia Bollag in Sacramento, California; Steve Karnowski in Minneapolis; and Sean Murphy in Oklahoma City contributed to this report.
Dan Sarginson has emerged as a target for a return to Wigan if Anthony Gelling decides to leave.
Sarginson left the Warriors as a Grand Final winner at the end of 2016 to move to the NRL.
But injuries restricted them to just six appearances for the Gold Coast Titans, who are understood to be willing to release them from the second and final year of their contract.
Wigan may look to recruit a new frontline centre if Gelling decides not to return to the club.
The Kiwi revealed at the end of last month they were heading home to be with their girlfriend, after they were injured in a car-crash.
“I'll be back when the time is right,” they stated on Twitter, and there has been no further comment from them or the club on the issue.
But their interest in Sarginson would suggest they are making contingencies in case Gelling - Shaun Wane's first signing as head coach - does not return.
League Express claims Hull KR also want Sarginson on board ahead of their return to Super League.
Wigan are thought to be close to the salary cap limit, and it would need a player to leave to free up cash to bring Sarginson back.
Even then, the 24-year-old would almost-certainly still need to take a pay-cut.
Despite Sarginson's failure to make an impact in the NRL, there has been no public hint the Titans want to cut them from their roster.
Only last month, new coach Garth Brennan stated the Perth-born back was one of the leading contenders to take their full-back role next season.
Sarginson joined Wigan from London Broncos in 2014 and spent three years at the club, during which time they became an England international.
If they rejoined Wane's outfit, they would join Thomas Leuluai, Sam Tomkins and Joe Burgess in returning from spells in the NRL.
Lee Mossop, now at Salford, also went back to Wigan after an injury-hit campaign at Parramatta, while Joel Tomkins' time at the club has been sandwiched by a spell in rugby union.
Meanwhile, Canberra are thought to remain keen on Micky McIlorum, who has two years remaining on their deal.
The Raiders want a hooker for 2018 after England No.9 Josh Hodgson suffered a serious knee injury in the World Cup.
In an effort to not be left behind in the dust, Walmart has become the newest retailer to offer in-home furniture and appliance set up for its customers. The news comes just days after Swedish furniture giant Ikea announced that its recent acquisition of TaskRabbit would now allow its customers to hire Taskers in order to help assemble purchases that can often otherwise be quite difficult to figure out.
Walmart's offering builds upon not an acquisition, but a similar partnership — one with the on-demand service company Handy. Thanks to this new collaboration, the retail giant will now offer Handy's installation and assembly services to folks in more than 40 percent of its 5,000 total U.S. locations.
The new offering will be made available first in 45 states and can help with anything from putting your furniture together to mounting your new television set. Customers only need to indicate that they would like to take advantage of the service at checkout and then schedule a Handy appointment sometime between 7 a.m. and 11 p.m. local time.
If a deer fawn is found alone in the woods, leave it there, advises a state wildlife biologist. Its mother has not abandoned it; they are probably nearby. Removing a fawn from the forest is also illegal because the animal is being taken outside the legal season for taking deer, which is the hunting season.
“Many people who come upon a solitary spotted fawn in the woods or along a roadway mistakenly assume the animal has been deserted by its mother and want to take the apparently helpless creature home to care for it,” said Charles Ruth, Big Game Program coordinator for the S.C. Department of Natural Resources. “Young fawns like this have not been abandoned but are still in the care of a doe.”
The apparently “helpless” deer fawns born during April, May and June in South Carolina will begin daily movements with their mothers in about three or four weeks. Human handling and disturbance of fawns can cause a doe to shy away or even desert their offspring. Also, a bleating response by the fawn can summon nearby predators.
“It's part of nature's plan for a doe deer to leave their fawn or fawns alone for their first few weeks of life,” Ruth said. “The reason for this unusual maternal action is that the fawn at this age is better protected away from the doe. The presence of the doe nearby would attract predators because the doe lacks the protective coloration of the fawn, and the older and larger doe has a much stronger odor.”
A fawn that appears abandoned is merely awaiting a visit from its mother, according to Ruth. A doe, after brief periods of feeding and grooming their fawn, will spend much of their day feeding and resting somewhat removed from them young. The fawn ordinarily stays bedded down as if sleeping, but will occasionally move short distances to new bedding sites.
“Each spring and summer the SCDNR gets many calls from people who have discovered these ‘lost' deer,” Ruth said. “Young fawns are without a doubt cute and cuddly, but if taken into captivity they grow into semi-tame adult deer that can become quite dangerous.”
Adult buck deer, no matter how they were raised, are especially dangerous during the breeding season. Even does raise by humans are unpredictable.
Occasionally, “tame” deer seriously injure people, according to Ruth, and in cases where the deer are a threat to humans, the deer sometimes have to be killed.
People often ask the SCDNR if it needs deer fawns for its research projects. Ruth said although the SCDNR is actively engaged in deer research, current studies do not involve captive animals.
SAN DIEGO — Following one of its worst defensive performances since the turn of the century in a loss to UNLV on Jan. 27, San Diego State threw a defensive curveball at the Air Force Academy on Saturday night.
“We played zone for the first time in a long time,” San Diego State coach Brian Dutcher said.
Jalen McDaniels had 16 points, on 7-of-10 shooting, and 13 rebounds to help San Diego State beat Air Force 81-50 on Saturday night.
Air Force shot just 20 of 61 (32.8 per cent) from the field. In SDSU's last game, the Aztecs allowed the UNLV to shoot 58.6 per cent — the highest mark against a San Diego State team in 11 seasons.
“I remember when I first started looking at State you would see the man and the full-court press,” said San Diego State's Jeremy Hemsley. “Air Force forces you to play zone because you have to guard their offence for the entire 25 seconds. They do so many back cuts and stuff that guys can get tired real easy. I just think this was one of those games where we played zone. But I never imagined we would play it that much.”
Hemsley finished with 14 points, while Max Montana and Devin Watson scored 13 apiece, for the Aztecs.
“We made a concerted effort that we were going to play some zone and we worked on it in practice,” Dutcher said. “I like the zone and it was a step forward defensively and that is what we needed to do. Defence and rebounding wins championships; that is written on every locker room in the country. But it has to mean something.”
San Diego State (13-8, 5-5 Mountain West) had lost four of its past five games before defeating the Falcons for the 13th straight time at Viejas Arena
Air Force (8-13, 2-7) dropped its third consecutive game and its seventh in the last nine. Lavelle Scottie, the only Falcons player to score in double figures, had 16 points.
SDSU, which was never threatened in the second half, was up 35-21 at halftime after making 8 of 16 from 3-point range. Air Force hit just 2 of 13 (15 per cent) 3-pointers and made just 9 of 32 (28.1 per cent) from the field in the first half. Scottie was 5-of-8 shooting and scored 10 of Air Force's 21 points.
Matt Mitchell, Hemsley and Watson made 3-pointers on consecutive possessions, giving SDSU a 19-7 lead.
“We hit some early 3s and that opened the game up,” Dutcher said.
That cushion grew to 16 points before the Falcons ended a nearly six-minute scoring drought on Sid Tomes' bucket.
BIG PICTURE
Air Force: After snapping a 24-game conference road losing streak on Jan. 13 at San Jose State, the Falcons have dropped two of their last three away outings. Air Force is 6-31 all-time at SDSU.
San Diego State: The Aztecs were without senior guard Trey Kell (left ankle). Kell, who averages 10. 2 points per game, isn't clear when he'll be able to return. Hemsley started in place of Kell. … SDSU's All-America running back Rasheed Penny was honoured at the game. … Rockies manager Bud Black, a member of the SDSU Hall of Fame, was in attendance.
UP NEXT
Air Force is at home against Colorado State on Tuesday night.
San Diego State is at Fresno State on Tuesday night.
Mumps cases have hit a 20-year high in Texas and the highly contagious virus is infecting spring break travelers to popular beaches, state health officials said Wednesday.
The virus is rarely deadly but it can cause discomfort as salivary glands swell up. It can also cause deafness and, very rarely, dangerous encephalitis, or swelling of the brain.
A 1957 photo shows Greg Cox, left, 7, in Altamont, Ill., as they look at their friend Jon Douglas, 6, through the doorway while they recover from mumps. AP file
The Department of State Health Services issued an advisory to doctors and clinics about the outbreak.
"State, regional and local health departments are currently investigating multiple outbreaks throughout the state, including one involving possible exposures on South Padre Island, a popular spring break destination for students from Texas and elsewhere in the United States," the state health department said.
"Texas has had 221 mumps cases this year, the largest total since there were 234 cases in 1994."
Related: Mumps Cases Hit 20-Year High in 2016
It can take two to three weeks or even longer for symptoms of mumps to develop. College students are especially vulnerable as they share bottles, glasses, cutlery and as they kiss and share food frequently.
"Mumps cases potentially linked to South Padre Island first came to light this week when another state health department contacted [the Department of State health Services] about a patient with mumps who had traveled to the area for spring break," the department said.
"Mumps symptoms include swollen or tender salivary glands, swollen or tender testicles, low fever, tiredness and muscle aches," it added. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said that, despite rumors, the swollen testicles rarely end up causing infertility in men.
Nearby Arkansas is fighting a very large outbreak, with more than 2,900 cases under investigation. Many are among immigrants from the Marshall Islands.
“ Mumps symptoms include swollen or tender salivary glands, swollen or tender testicles, low fever, tiredness and muscle aches.”
"Throughout this outbreak, 90 percent to 95 percent of school-aged children and 30 percent to 40 percent of adults involved in the outbreak have been fully immunized," the Arkansas health department says on its website.
"The vaccine is not perfect. Two doses of the MMR (measles, mumps and rubella) shot are about 88 percent effective at preventing the mumps. That means that if you have 100 people who are fully vaccinated, 88 of them will be fully protected," it adds.
Related: Mumps Outbreak at Harvard Threatens Graduation
In Arkansas, unvaccinated children must stay out of school for 26 days unless they get vaccinated.
Mumps cases wax and wane with each year. "For example in 2016, there were approximately 5,748 cases reported to CDC, and in 2012, there were 229. Before the U.S. mumps vaccination program started in 1967, about 186,000 cases were reported each year, but the actual number of cases was likely much higher due to underreporting," the CDC said.
An investigation into an alleged incident at an Orkney show park has found no evidence of any criminality.
Part of the Dounby showground was cordoned off for several hours on Friday.
BBC Scotland understands officers were investigating allegations of an assault in a shed on the site which had been used as a bar.
Police said they found no evidence of any criminality, and there would be no further action.
Police Scotland thanked the public for their patience during the inquiry.
The Dounby show - which was not affected - features livestock, food, crafts and a fair.
More Videos
1:48 On the other end of the line
1:10 The light is going to shine on this new memorial park in Dublin.
2:25 'I've seen my death. I'm not going to live long,' victim tells mother hours before fatal shooting
0:45 Masked gunmen rob Pio Nono store
1:36 "Several shots were fired," police chief says
0:55 Pastor talks about meaning of Easter sunrise service
1:01 3,000 Easter eggs gone in seconds
0:43 Walk with God in a labyrinth
1:32 Man takes Good Friday to remind you to go to church Easter Sunday
3:22 They told their friend to put their hands on the steering wheel. Then a gun fired.
0:43 Brazen thief walks out with manager's wallet
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings. SUBSCRIBE
Apple is partnering with young Nobel Prize laureate Malala Yousafzai's organization to push for access to education for all girls around the globe.
In a press release, the tech giant promised to help the nonprofit by providing funding and matching grants to efforts for education advancement. Though the amount of money is unspecified, the company said its contributions would help more than 100,000 girls in India and Latin America receive a quality education.
Apple, the first company to sign a partnership with Malala Fund since its inception, will contribute money and technology to the effort, and it also promised to help with curriculum and policy research. CEO Tim Cook will occupy a seat on the Malala Fund leadership council, according to the press release.
Apple CEO Tim Cook and Nobel Peace Prize Laureate Malala Yousafzai speak with Lebanese and Syrian students in Beirut, Lebanon. Apple Inc.
“We believe that education is a great equalizing force, and we share Malala Fund's commitment to give every girl an opportunity to go to school,” Cook said in the press release. “Malala is a courageous advocate for equality. She's one of the most inspiring figures of our time, and we are honored to help them extend the important work they are doing to empower girls around the world.”
Apple is proud to support the courageous, visionary @Malala in advancing every girl's right to 12 years of free, safe, quality education. Together we're committing to expand the reach of @MalalaFund and provide secondary school opportunities to girls around the world. https://t.co/K9I64tJTWh — Tim Cook (@tim_cook) January 22, 2018
Malala Fund pushes for girls to receive at least 12 years of quality education, according to the nonprofit's website. The organization plants seeds in regions known for underdeveloped educational opportunities for girls. So far Malala Fund has established efforts in Pakistan, Afghanistan, India and Nigeria, along with refugee sites such as Jordan and Lebanon.
The world's youngest Nobel laureate ever, Yousafzai — who has a history of speaking out about the importance of education for all children — founded the organization with their father Ziauddin in 2013. The next year, Yousafzai won the Nobel Peace Prize when they were just 17 for their activism and efforts to advance children's education. They now study philosophy, politics and economics at Oxford University.
Related: Malala Yousafzai's 19th Birthday Is for #YesAllGirls, Access to Education
In a tweet that appeared on their verified Twitter account, Yousafzai said that they are grateful that Apple decided to invest “in our dream of a world where every girl can choose their own future.”
A 2016 report by UNESCO estimates that 130 million girls globally are not receiving any education. Malala Fund, now with Apple's financial and technological support, is striving to change that.
Houston Astros' Derek Fisher watches their solo home run off Texas Rangers relief pitcher Jeremy Jeffress during the sixth inning of a baseball game, Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in Houston. Fisher's home run is their first hit in the majors. Eric Christian Smith AP Photo
5:51
Wells Fargo CEO grilled by lawmakers on whether or not bank will use forced arbitration in the future
Arizona Diamondbacks starting pitcher Zack Greinke throws against the Houston Astros during the first inning of an interleague baseball game, Monday, Aug. 14, 2017, in Phoenix. Matt York AP Photo
Author and Fox News Channel host Melissa Francis talks about the headlines and their new book Lessons from the Prairie. Melissa Francis (061417)
Johnnie Charlene Mitchum
December 25, 1942 – January 30, 2018
ALVORD – Johnnie Charlene Mitchum, 75, died Jan. 30, 2018 in Decatur, TX.
The family received friends from 11 a.m. to 1:30 p.m. prior to the service on Feb. 2 at the First Baptist Church in Alvord.
A funeral service was at 2 p.m. Feb. 2 at the First Baptist Church of Alvord with Pastor Bill Cleveland officiating. Burial followed at Post Oak Cemetery.
Mitchum was born Dec. 25, 1942 in Jacksboro to John Henry and Lora Irene (Bell) Poe. They graduated from Bowie High School in 1961 and married Ray Mitchum on Jan. 5, 1962 in Sunset.
Mitchum worked as a school bus driver, a licensed vocational nurse at Bellmire Nursing Home and as a clerk for Alvord Express. They attended First Baptist Church of Alvord.
 They are preceded in death by their parents, John and Lora Poe; granddaughter, Stephanie Reaves; brother, Arnold Poe and aunt, Charlotte Bell.
 They are survived by their husband, Ray Mitchum, Alvord; daughters, Kim McKee, Collinsville and Donna Reaves, Montague; nine grandchildren; three great grandchildren; numerous cousins, nieces and nephews, and a host of friends.
Arrangements entrusted to The White Family Funeral Home of Bowie.
A pit bull bit its owner and attacked two other family members in Florida after a struggle to put a sweater on the dog Friday, police said.
According to the Tampa Bay Times, the incident occurred at around 2:30 p.m. in Tampa. Police said Brenda Guerrero, 52, tried to put the sweater on the dog, named Scarface, but the dog attacked them
Them husband Ismael Guerrero, 46, was attacked when they tried to pull the dog off of them Antoine Harris, 22, was attacked after trying to stop the dog by stabbing it in the head and neck, the paper reported.
All three were able to escape into the house, while the dog remained in the backyard.
Hillsborough County Animal Control and Tampa police responded to the scene. Animal services shot the dog with a tranquilizer gun.
Police said the dog reentered the home and made it to a back room where two young children were in, and that's when police used a bean bag gun and a Taser to control the dog. Animal services was able to subdue the dog with a catch pole.
Brenda and Ismael Guerrero were taken to a hospital. According to WTSP-TV, Brenda Guerrero's injuries were serious, but not life threatening.
Click for more from the Tampa Bay Times.
Full Statement: President Trump Addresses Virginia Shooting
President Trump pledged support to Rep. Steve Scalise and their family, and praised the heroism of the Capitol police.
MUNSTER back-row Jack O'Donoghue has undergone surgery for the knee ligament injury they sustained against Leinster in the Guinness PRO14 semi-final earlier this month.
Munster have indicated that O'Donoghue is expected to follow a ‘long-term rehabilitation programme.'
On the contract front, prop Jeremy Loughman will remain with the province for next season after signing a one-year contract extension.
The Munster players continuing to rehab following injury are Tyler Bleyendaal (neck), Chris Farrell (knee), Tommy O'Donnell (shoulder) and Stephen Archer (pec).
Southampton dragged themselves out of the relegation zone with a 3-2 win at bottom club West Brom.
There was a minute's applause ahead of the game in memory of former Baggies striker Cyrille Regis.
Ahmed Hegazi headed West Brom into the lead following a corner after just four minutes.
The Saints were level on 40 minutes through a 20-yard strike from Mario Lemina and went in front just before half-time when Jack Stephens headed in.
James Ward-Prowse added a third on 55 minutes with a curling free-kick and Salomon Rondon's goal was mere consolation.
Brighton boosted their hopes of staying clear of the relegation scrap with a 3-1 home win over West Ham.
Glenn Murray put the hosts ahead on eight minutes but the Hammers were level on the half-hour through a well-taken goal by Mexico forward Javier Hernandez.
Winger Jose Izquierdo lashed in a superb angled strike on 61 minutes to put Brighton back in front, with Pascal Gross drilling home a third after 75 minutes.
Bournemouth continued their good form with a couple of late goals to beat Stoke 2-1 at home.
The Cherries, who won 3-0 at Chelsea in midweek, had to come from behind after Stoke took the lead after just five minutes through Xherdan Shaqiri's header.
With 20 minutes left, Joshua King equalised, and on 79 minutes substitute Lys Mousset headed in Jordon Ibe's free-kick at the back post to secure all three points.
Leicester and Swansea drew 1-1 at the King Power Stadium.
The Foxes were again without forward Riyad Mahrez, who had missed training in the wake of a deadline-day move to Manchester City falling through.
Jamie Vardy gave Leicester the lead on 17 minutes and Swansea lost midifleder Leroy Fer to what looked a serious ankle injury after 34 minutes.
But the visitors, who had beaten both Liverpool and Arsenal to boost their survival hopes, equalised on 53 minutes through Federico Fernandez's header.
Texas Rangers' Rougned Odor, left, points to the dugout celebrating their double as Detroit Tigers third baseman Nicholas Castellanos, right, walks over to recover the dropped ball to the bag in the fourth inning of a baseball game, Monday, Aug. 14, 2017, in Arlington, Texas. Tony Gutierrez AP Photo
slowly following me 2 streets shouting "sexy!" and "wanna come in my car?" #dearcatcallers
A post shared by dearcatcallers (@dearcatcallers) on Sep 13, 2017 at 10:37am PDT
Rail fares have increased twice as much as pay since 2010, according to new research ahead of news on how many prices will go up next year.
Commuters and other passengers will find out on Tuesday how much extra they will be charged from the new year.
The Government links the annual January rise in Britain's regulated fares with the previous July's Retail Price Index (RPI) measure of inflation, which will be announced by the Office for National Statistics (ONS).
Regulated fares make up almost half of all tickets and include season tickets and standard returns.
They increased by 1.9% in January, but the RPI figure for July this year is expected to be around 3.9%, which would lead to the highest increase in fares since 2012.
An analysis by the Rail, Maritime and Transport union (RMT) showed that rail fares have risen by around 32% in eight years, while average weekly earnings have only grown by 16%.
The rises mean for example that a new nurse or police officer commuting from Chelmsford to London, where an annual season ticket would cost £4,000 after the latest rise, would pay 20% of their salary on an annual season ticket, said the union.
RMT general secretary Mick Cash said: "Government policy of suppressing workers' wages while at the same time presiding over corporate welfare on our privatised railway has resulted in a toxic combination of fare rises easily outstripping wages.
"The private operators and government say the rises are necessary to fund investment but the reality is that they are pocketing the profits while passengers are paying more for less, with rail engineering work being delayed or cancelled, skilled railway jobs being lost and staff cut on trains, stations and at ticket offices."
Fewer than half (47%) of passengers are satisfied with the value for money of train tickets, according to the latest survey by passenger watchdog Transport Focus.
TUC research showed that UK commuters spend up to six times as much of their salary on rail fares as other European passengers.
As fares for passengers rise, private train companies paid out £228 million in dividends to their shareholders, while the taxpayer handed £3.2 billion to these companies last year, said the union organisation.
TUC General Secretary Frances O'Grady said: "This is grim news for commuters, who are facing another year of fare hikes. Overcrowded and understaffed trains are costing them more and more.
"Meanwhile it's pay day for private rail companies, whose owners gifted themselves nearly a quarter billion in dividends last year.
"Enough is enough. It's time for rail services to be publicly owned, saving money for passengers and taxpayers alike."
Shadow transport secretary Andy McDonald said the Government "simply can't justify allowing passengers to be ripped-off under privatised rail".
"It is outrageous that UK commuters pay over the odds in order to subsidise travel in France, Germany, Holland and Italy and generate huge profits for private train companies," they said.
"The Tories ought to be standing up for the interests of the travelling public rather than the private and foreign state-owned companies who run our railways.
"The Retail Price Index should be scrapped as the measure for increases and replaced with the lower Consumer Price Index."
A Department for Transport spokesperson said: "The Government carefully monitors how rail fares and average earnings change, and keeps under review the way fare levels are calculated.
"We are investing in the biggest rail modernisation programme for over a century to improve services for passengers - providing faster and better trains with more seats.
"We have always fairly balanced the cost of this investment between the taxpayer and the passenger. We are driving the industry hard to improve efficiency to ensure we maximise the value of passengers' and taxpayers' investment in the railways.
"Regulated rail fares are capped in line with inflation for next year."
Two of the biggest boyband stars of the 90s and noughties will leave music fans in a World of Their Own as they perform Lanarkshire this summer.
Hamilton Park Racecourse has revealed Irish duo Brian McFadden and Keith Duffy will headline the venue's Saints and Sinners Racenight on Thursday, June 29.
Keith of Boyzone and Brian of Westlife joined forces to form mega group Boyzlife last year, and the pair will whip the Hamilton Park crowd into a frenzy as part of a nationwide tour.
They'll take to the stage to perform a mix of their old bands' biggest hits, including No Matter What and Flying Without Wings.
Hamilton Park chief executive Vivien Currie said: “The legendary Saints and Sinners night has always been number one with fans of this fantastic occasion, but to have this chart-topping duo along for the ride ensures 2017's event will be one to remember.
“As well as Boyzlife, the charity night features a thrilling card of action on the track and the ever popular Best Dressed Couple competition.
“As ever, guests are invited to wear white if they're a saint or red if they're a sinner — or just leave it to the imagination.”
New sponsors, The Exsel Group – IT and Communications are proud to support the Saints and Sinners Racenight with Boyzlife on Thursday, June 29.
Gates open at 3.30pm for visitors to choose to be a saint or a sinner by purchasing a charitable red or white carnation, and the first race begins at 6pm.
Individual tickets are priced from £19 when booked online during the advanced booking period and are available now at www.hamilton-park.co.uk, or by calling 01698 283806.
Children under-18 go free. Under 16's must be accompanied by an adult.
A fantastic line up of events will be taking place at Hamilton Park Racecourse throughout the new 2017 season.
In May there is the Totepool Family Raceday and Braveheart Night with Big Vern ‘n' The Shootahs, while June will host Cadzow Castle Raceday, Hamiltonian Raceday, Hamilton Audi Racenight and Bothwell Castle Raceday, prior to Saints and Sinners Racenight
For more information visit www.hamilton-park.co.uk.
All A&S undergraduate students must be registered in the semester of graduation. Also a minimum of a 2.0 GPA is required to graduate. If you have any questions, please contact your Academic Analyst in Holden Hall room 102. To find our office hours, please go to our website at http://www.depts.ttu.edu/artsandsciences/students/DegreeAuditingAboutUs.php Posted:
1/2/2017
Originator:
Pamela Sexton
Email:
pam.sexton@ttu.edu
Department:
Arts and Sciences
Categories
Academic
Departmental
First Read is your briefing from Meet the Press and the NBC Political Unit on the day's most important political stories and why they matter.
Virginia's race for governor has become 2016 all over again
WASHINGTON — In this year's race for Virginia governor, Democrat Ralph Northam — with their southern twang, rural roots and military background — is hardly Hillary Clinton. And Republican Ed Gillespie — with their past gigs on Capitol Hill, in the George W. Bush administration and as a lobbyist — is certainly no Donald Trump.
But one month before the November 7 election, both men are largely running like it's 2016, all in an effort to fire up their bases.
Northam this week started airing this TV ad: “If Donald Trump is helping Virginia, I'll work with him,” they say directly to the camera. “But Donald Trump proposed cutting Virginia's school funding, rolling back our clean air and water protections and taking away healthcare from thousands of Virginians.”
Northam adds, “As a candidate for governor, I sponsored this ad because I've stood up to Donald Trump on all of it. Ed Gillespie refuses to stand up to them at all.”
And Trump themselves helped Northam play this Trump card when the president tweeted that the Democratic candidate is “fighting for” criminal gangs. “Ralph Northam,who is running for Governor of Virginia,is fighting for the violent MS-13 killer gangs & sanctuary cities. Vote Ed Gillespie!”
Ralph Northam,who is running for Governor of Virginia,is fighting for the violent MS-13 killer gangs & sanctuary cities. Vote Ed Gillespie! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 6, 2017
Northam responded, “TBH I've been expecting this. Donate here.”
For their part, Gillespie — despite their work in the George W. Bush administration — has aggressively leaned into the issue of immigration, just like Trump did in 2016. “Northam cast the deciding vote in favor of sanctuary cities that let illegal immigrants who commit crimes back on the street, increasing the threat of MS-13,” a recent Gillespie ad goes. “Ralph Northam – weak on MS-13.” (Gillespie's focus on immigration comes after they almost lost the GOP primary to ultra-right Republican Corey Stewart.)
Jennifer Duffy, who monitors gubernatorial races for non-partisan the Cook Political Report, isn't surprised that both Northam and Gillespie appear to be re-litigating 2016. “I think there's a habit in these races that happen a year after the presidential for candidates to fight the last war.”
But if this race is about re-litigating 2016, Northam probably has the upper hand, especially given that Hillary Clinton won Virginia by five points on Trump's best day as general-election candidate. And the most recent Washington Post/Schar School poll has Trump's job-approval rating in the state at 33 percent, with 28 percent saying their vote will be about opposing Trump, versus 17 percent who say it will be in support of him; 54 percent say Trump won't be a factor.
Fact-checking Trump and Gillespie on MS-13
As the Washington Post wrote last month, Gillespie's MS-13 ad “was based on a tiebreaking vote Northam cast in the state Senate this year, against a bill that would have prohibited the establishment of sanctuary cities, which are generally defined as localities that limit or ban cooperation with federal immigration authorities. Virginia does not have any sanctuary cities.”
“[In September's] debate, Northam said they were proud of the vote but also said violent criminals should be locked up regardless of immigration status.”
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Chuck Todd: Rex Tillerson's status in White House is 'untenable' 3:45 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
NBC News: Trump furious after report that Tillerson called them a “moron”
“John Kelly, the White House chief of staff, abruptly scrapped plans to travel with President Donald Trump on Wednesday so they could try to contain their boss's fury and manage the fallout from new revelations about tensions between the president and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, according to six senior administration officials,” NBC reported last night.
“Vice President Mike Pence, meanwhile, was fuming in Phoenix, where they were traveling, seven officials told NBC News. They and Tillerson spoke on the phone before the secretary's public appearance on Wednesday morning.”
“Pence was incensed upon learning from the NBC report that Tillerson's top spokesperson had said they once privately questioned the value of Nikki Haley, the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations. Officials said the spokesperson, R.C. Hammond, fabricated an anecdote that Pence had asked Tillerson in a meeting whether Haley, who is seen as a possible successor to Tillerson, is helpful or harmful to the administration.”
Guns and Ruses: Asking the ATF to look at bump stocks is a way to avoid legislating any action
In an interview with one of us, House Majority Whip Steve Scalise said that the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms should look at regulating so-called bump stocks. “There are people that want to rush to judgment. They've got a bill written already. And I mean, look, Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi already said they want it to be a slippery slope. They don't want to stop at bump stocks. They want to go out and limit the rights of gun owners. And so I do think it's a little bit early for people to say they know what to do to fix this problem. I know there are people that are asking the A.T.F. to go back and review their 2010 decision to authorize it.”
When asked if the ATF should review bump stocks, Scalise added, “I think they should, and they are.”
But asking the ATF to review bump stocks — as the NRA is now advocating — is also a way to avoid legislation. As NBC's Alex Seitz-Wald points out, the ATF has already reviewed bump stocks and concluded that they are legal under current law.
Oh my God, it's a mirage… I'm telling y'all, it's sabotage
“For months, officials in Republican-controlled Iowa had sought federal permission to revitalize their ailing health-insurance marketplace. Then President Trump read about the request in a newspaper story and called the federal director weighing the application,” the Washington Post writes. “Trump's message in late August was clear, according to individuals who spoke on the condition of anonymity to discuss private conversations: Tell Iowa no.”
More: “[W]ith the fifth enrollment season set to begin Nov. 1, advocates say the Health and Human Services Department has done more to suppress the number of people signing up than to boost it. HHS has slashed grants to groups that help consumers get insurance coverage, for example. It also has cut the enrollment period in half, reduced the advertising budget by 90 percent and announced an outage schedule that would make the HealthCare.gov website less available than last year.”
The nation grows even more divided in the Trump Era
There's certainly been no shortage of professional worry about growing partisan divisions in the country during the last year, and a new survey from the Pew Research Center shows that, yes, things are getting worse.
The poll shows that, on nearly every measure of political values — from the social safety net to racial issues to the role of government — Republicans and Democrats are significantly further apart than in the past. Those divides are particularly acute when it comes to questions about whether the government should do more to help the needy (with 71 percent of Democrats now replying in the affirmative, versus just 24 percent of Republicans) and whether racial discrimination is a primary reason that many African-Americans can't get ahead (with 64 percent of Democrats saying yes, but only 14 percent of Republicans agreeing).
Pew also found that Republicans and Democrats have more negative views of each other than ever before, with the share of each side evaluating the other party as “very negative” nearly tripling since 1994 (to 44 percent of Democrats and 45 percent of Republicans.)
Should Pelosi stay or go as House Dem leader? It's a debate Democrats should have
What was striking about Rep. Linda Sanchez's, D-Calif., remark that it's “time to pass a torch to a new generation of leaders” is that this shot across the bow at Nancy Pelosi came from leadership (Sanchez ranks fifth), and that Sanchez also hails from California.
Democrats rushed to Pelosi's defense. “The Democratic Caucus stands united behind our leadership team in the fight to make this country stronger,” Rep. Joe Crowley, D-N.Y., said, per NBC's Alex Moe.
But with next year's midterm elections approaching – and with Pelosi a likely target in House GOP ads (“A vote for Democrat X is a vote to put Nancy Pelosi back in charge”) — this generational debate is a debate Democrats NEED to have. With the distinct possibility that they could win back the House in 2018 and maybe the White House in 2020, the question becomes: Who should be leading the party? The same people they have now? Or a new generation?
Detectives in Antrim are appealing for information following the report of a break in at a shop in Randalstown during the early hours of this morning, Wednesday, May 30.
Detective Sergeant Lyttle said: “We received a report shortly after 03.00 am that entry had been forced to commercial premises in the Castle Road area.
“It was reported that damage had been caused to the roof of the premises and an internal ATM.
“Nothing was reported stolen.
“We believe this incident occurred sometime between 2:45am and 3.15 am.
“I am appealing to anyone who was in the Castle Road area between these times and saw any suspicious activity or vehicles, or anyone who knows anything about this incident to contact detectives in Antrim on the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference number 145 of 30/05/18.
“Alternatively, information can also be provided to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 which is 100% anonymous and gives people the power to speak up and stop crime.”
Amid allegations of sexual harassment and discrimination that spawned two independent reports and forced the company to re-examine its culture, rideshare giant Uber held an all-hands meeting Tuesday that could be a game changer.
Travis Kalanick, Uber's CEO, announced they will take a leave of absence from the company. After several high profile departures, what's left of Uber's management team is small and there isn't a clear leader in the pipeline to take over for Kalanick.
It appears the duties of CEO will be shared across Uber's leadership team and not shouldered by one person. Kalanick had 13 people reporting directly to him, including senior vice president Ryan Graves, the first CEO of Uber.
"During this interim period, the leadership team, my directs, will be running the company. I will be available as needed for the most strategic decisions, but I will be empowering them to be bold and decisive in order to move the company forward swiftly," Kalanick wrote in an email to employees.
Uber CEO Travis Kalanick speaks to students during an interaction at the Indian Institute of Technology (IIT) campus in Mumbai, India on Jan. 19, 2016. Danish Siddiqui / Reuters, file
Related: Uber's Board Accepts Holder Recommendations, Discusses CEO's Future
When Kalanick returns, it's likely he'll also have a diminished role. The investigation, which was conducted by former attorney general Eric Holder, recommends the board have Kalanick share some responsibilities or reallocate some of them.
Kalanick is also stepping away at a deeply emotional time as they deal with a personal tragedy: Their mother, Bonnie Kalanick, was killed in a boating accident last month. Their father, Donald Kalanick, was seriously injured.
The company has been conducting a search for a chief operating officer since Kalanick admitted earlier this year that they need leadership help; and Uber's Chief Business Officer Emil Michael left the company on Monday. Uber President Jeff Jones departed earlier this year after less than one year on the job.
Related: Uber CEO's Right-Hand Man Is the Latest to Leave
Bahrain National Gas Expansion Company (Tawseah), which owns and operates one of the two associated gas processing facilities in Bahrain, recently announced the successful signing of a $515 million, eight-year syndicated financing facility.
The facility was raised to part finance the expansion of the company's gas processing facilities which include a central gas processing (CGP) train with a capacity of 350 million standard cubic feet per day (MMSCFD); and pipeline and storage facilities at Sitra Wharf to cater for the enhanced capacity.
GIB Capital acted as the sole financial adviser to the company on the project.
A closing ceremony to commemorate this milestone was held at The Ritz-Carlton Hotel Bahrain last week. It was attended by Minister of Oil Sheikh Mohammed bin Khalifa Al-Khalifa, the chairperson of nogaholding, and senior management of Tawseah, nogaholding, Noga and participant banks.
The gas processing plants are of strategic importance to Bahrain's economy and are an integral part of national energy infrastructure.
The gas processing plants extract Natural Gas Liquids (NGLs) that are exported on one hand and on the other; the residue dry gas supplements the natural gas supply to power plants and other major industrial end users. The new plant will also play an important role in supporting Tatweer's Enhanced Oil Recovery (EOR) plans.
JGC Corporation and JGC Gulf International were appointed as the engineering, procurement and construction contractors (EPC) for the project. The construction work of the project is expected to be completed in 34 months from the signing date of the CGP III EPC with commissioning expected by Q4 2018.
Al-Khalifa said: “This Tawseah expansion is another significant milestone for Bahrain in the energy sector.
The project is among the many other National Oil and Gas Authority (Noga) and The Oil & Gas Holding Company (nogaholding) strategic projects aimed at securing continued economic growth in the country. I would like to thank and congratulate all the lenders for their valuable support in bringing this facility to a successful conclusion.”
The syndicated financing facility was widely distributed throughout the GCC and attracted interest from local and regional banks.
Bahrain National Gas Expansion Company (Tawseah), which owns and operates one of the two associated gas processing facilities in Bahrain, recently announced the successful signing of a $515 million, eight-year syndicated financing facility.
The facility was raised to part finance the expansion of the company's gas processing facilities which include a central gas processing (CGP) train with a capacity of 350 million standard cubic feet per day (MMSCFD); and pipeline and storage facilities at Sitra Wharf to cater for the enhanced capacity.
GIB Capital acted as the sole financial adviser to the company on the project.
A closing ceremony to commemorate this milestone was held at The Ritz-Carlton Hotel Bahrain last week. It was attended by Minister of Oil Sheikh Mohammed bin Khalifa Al-Khalifa, the chairperson of nogaholding, and senior management of Tawseah, nogaholding, Noga and participant banks.
The gas processing plants are of strategic importance to Bahrain's economy and are an integral part of national energy infrastructure.
The gas processing plants extract Natural Gas Liquids (NGLs) that are exported on one hand and on the other; the residue dry gas supplements the natural gas supply to power plants and other major industrial end users. The new plant will also play an important role in supporting Tatweer's Enhanced Oil Recovery (EOR) plans.
JGC Corporation and JGC Gulf International were appointed as the engineering, procurement and construction contractors (EPC) for the project. The construction work of the project is expected to be completed in 34 months from the signing date of the CGP III EPC with commissioning expected by Q4 2018.
Al-Khalifa said: “This Tawseah expansion is another significant milestone for Bahrain in the energy sector.
The project is among the many other National Oil and Gas Authority (Noga) and The Oil & Gas Holding Company (nogaholding) strategic projects aimed at securing continued economic growth in the country. I would like to thank and congratulate all the lenders for their valuable support in bringing this facility to a successful conclusion.”
The syndicated financing facility was widely distributed throughout the GCC and attracted interest from local and regional banks.
Google Assistant in Allo isn't quite as feature-packed as Assistant on other platforms, but it's still one of Allo's the most compelling features. It can quickly perform a web search, tell a joke, set reminders, and more - all by just tagging it in the middle of conversations. Google has added a new trick to Assistant on Allo - it can share your personal data, if you grant it permission.
You can ask Assistant for upcoming calendar events, your flights, or a contact, and Assistant will try to find it. If successful, it will show you the information and ask for permission to share it. If you press 'Share Now,' the data will be sent to whatever chat you're in.
This is actually really useful for a number of reasons. Maybe you want to share someone's phone number to a friend - and instead of searching through your contacts and copying the number, you simply give Assistant the full name. Or if you're discussing vacation plans in a group, you can easily share hotel reservations.
This was a server-side change that only activated recently, and you probably need Allo 6.0 for it to work.
Wigan hooker Micky McIlorum is heading to the World Cup - with Ireland.
They have been named in Mark Aston's 25-man squad for the tournament Down Under.
This is the third consecutive World Cup which they have taken part in.
They played for Ireland in 2008, having qualified through their ancestry.
The tough-tackling No.9 then switched to England for the 2013 tournament, but is now back with Ireland.
Wigan first-team squad player Jack Higginson is also included.
The centre made their Super League debut a year ago but has struggled with injuries this season.
Wigan team-mates Oliver Gildart (Italy), Thomas Leuluai (New Zealand) and Romain Navarrete (France) have already been named in World Cup squad.
Lewis Tierney (Scotland) is also expected to figure, and England's squad will be announced on Monday.
Sean O'Loughlin will captain Wayne Bennett's outfit, with John Bateman, George Williams, Joe Burgess and Sam Tomkins waiting to find out if they have been included.
n Warrington have appointed Australian Steve Price as their new head coach on a two-year contract.
l Relegated Leigh have signed Hull FC forward Jordan Thompson on a two-year contract.
If you've never experienced the free movies in Millennium Park, then you need to add it to your Chicago bucket list.
I went to watch Field of Dreams in the park a few years ago, and that night remains one of my favorite Chicago memories.
This summer, the free movies in the park are back, and the list does not disappoint!
Starting on June 13th, you can check out these movies every Tuesday in the park throughout the summer.
Enjoy!!
June 13: “The Blues Brothers”
June 20: “Caddyshack”
June 27: “Julie & Julia”
July 11: “El Norte”
July 18: “La La Land”
July 25: “Network”
Aug. 1: “Bend It Like Beckham”
Aug. 8 “Full Moon” double feature:
• “Ghost”
• “The Shining”
Aug. 15: “Hidden Figures”
Aug. 22: “The Five Heartbeats”
10 a.m. Thursday, Aug. 24: “Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs” 80th Anniversary family daytime screening (1937; rated G; 83 minutes)
Aug. 29: “The Princess Bride”
Sept. 5: “Wayne's World”
Pressure continues to mount on Shamrock Rovers manager Stephen Bradley after their side were knocked out of the EA Sports Cup by to First Division side Longford Town.
Bradley made nine changes to the side that drew with Limerick on Friday night but the new-look line-up suffered a 0-1 defeat at Tallaght Stadium - the team's fifth game in a row without a victory.
Longford Captain Daniel O'Reilly scored the winner in the 89th minute, securing their side's spot in the quarter-finals.
Elsewhere, Shelbourne earned a 7-2 victory over Drogheda as Jamie Doyle finished with a hat-trick at Tolka Park.
Shels will now play Derry City in the quarter-finals while Longford Town will take on Cobh.
1:25 Steve Clifford breaks down Hornets' loss to Clippers Pause
0:55 PETA says go vegan for your valentine
14:47 Family looks for answers after Josue Diaz fatal shooting
1:28 Fear among Charlotte's immigrants
1:43 CMS School Board comments on recent ICE raids
1:30 Super Bowl 51: Players to Watch
1:04 Statesville Avenue developments
2:43 Tax reassessment: A boon for Trump National Golf Club and a loss for North Carolina county
0:34 Nice day to get a Valentine
Scott Reynolds believes their Leighton Town side have what it takes to win the FA Vase this season after reaching the third round.
Saturday's 1-0 win over London Lions set them up a trip to with Gorleston, to be played early in December.
“This is a competition we want to do well in,” said manager Reynolds. “We're into the third round proper now.
“This competition is played by teams at step five and six, and we're one of the better teams at step five, so we back ourselves to beat anyone on our day.”
Against Lions on Saturday, Leighton had more of the ball and the better chances, but had to wait until the 85th minute before securing their place in the third round, and it came in spectacular fashion as Matt Hall scored direct from a corner.
And according to the manager, it was fully deserved.
Reynolds added: “In the first half, we had some good chances, and had we put one or two away, we'd have been out of sight.
“The longer the game went on, the opposition grew into the game, they had something to hold on to at 0-0.
“But full credit to London Lions, they were really organised and played some really attractive football, they've got dome good invididuals too and worked hard. But we did enough.
“The chances were in our favour, possession was in our favour and a different type of goal - scoring directly from a corner - wins us the game late on.”
HORRIFYING Moment Man Disguised In Burka Lures Schoolboy Away To Rape And Murder [VIDEO]
This story is a very difficult one to tell. The video…even more difficult to watch. Although it shows no violence, or inappropriate content, knowing what is happening and what is going to happen to this poor innocent child is more than just heartbreaking. Enough to make one physically sick with sorrow and empathy for this poor child.
What you are about to watch is a man disguised in a burka, luring an 11-year old schoolboy away from their mosque. This is the last footage of the boy before their death. Little Azan Majid Janjua was raped and murdered after they were kidnapped from their mosque. They were there for afternoon prayers during their Ramadan celebration two weeks ago.
The alleged monster who killed them posed as a woman dressed in a burka to go in and get Azan to the roof of the building because they knew that the boy would not follow a man anywhere without discussing it with their parents first.
CCTV shows the suspect carrying a handbag and walking into a lift with a young boy. Police believe that the man is a Pakistani immigrant who took Azan to the roof of the apartment block where they then raped and strangled the schoolboy. Major General Maktoum Al Sharifi from Abu Dhabi Police said: ‘He cross-dressed as a woman because they knew that the boy would not go with a man without permission from their parents.' × 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know by Sir John Hawkins's book 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know is filled with lessons that newly minted adults need in order to get the most out of life. Gleaned from a lifetime of trial, error, and writing it down, Hawkins provides advice everyone can benefit from in short, digestible chapters. Buy Now Azan's half-naked body was discovered by air-conditioning technicians on May 31 on the rooftop of the building where they lived.
They had a copy of the Kuran beside him.
The father of poor Azan is Dr. Majid Janjua:
‘He was fasting and they went to the mosque for Asr prayers and Quran recitation and then went missing.'
‘I was shocked to know that AC technicians, who went to our building's rooftop to check a malfunctioning chiller, found their body there around 10am. Their body was half-naked.'
Less than 48 hours after the body of this little boy was found the suspect was arrested and confessed that they did commit the heinous crime. Even more tragically, the parents who are from a Russian and Pakistani decent, found that they knew the suspect.
This is exactly why the full face cover burka should be Banned. They are an invitation and free ticket for wolves to dress up as sheep. It's not right.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings. SUBSCRIBE
It's Facebook to the rescue.
A Facebook group calling for people to leave negative reviews on the website Rotten Tomatoes for the upcoming "Black Panther" movie appears to have been shut down by the social network.
The plot was reportedly masterminded by anti-Disney internet trolls who had previously taken credit for generating negative reviews of "Star Wars: The Last Jedi" and making derogatory comments about the characters, including the addition of more women into the franchise.
These efforts are meant to depress the overall ratings of the movies on RottenTomatoes.com, which have become important in the movie industry.
The group, called "Down with Disney's Treatment of Franchises and Its Fanboys," appears to no longer be accessible on Facebook. A Facebook representative did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
Attempts to access the group were met with a notification from Facebook saying that the company had removed the page, according to MarvelStudiosNews.com.
Wow! Disappointed but not surprised smh pic.twitter.com/S0Ph0wRU6U — Matthew A. Cherry (@MatthewACherry) February 1, 2018
Black Panther, which is based on the Marvel Comics character of the same name, opens on Feb. 16. The superhero film has a predominantly black cast and strong female characters.
Prior to being shut down, the group posted an event urging people to "strike back at all those under Disney and bring down the house of mouse's actions for paying off the critics that hurt DC Comics on film and for other parties affected by them."
"I'll be making events like this for Infinity War and the Netflix shows etc so we can rally together to truly make a difference. Share this with your friends and all potential sympathizers," the post said, according to The Wrap.
In December, a self-professed member of the alt-right said they were launching coordinated attacks online because they took issue with the inclusion of more female characters in the "Star Wars" franchise and commented that characters Poe Dameron and Luke Skywalker are in danger of being “turn[ed]” gay," according to HuffPost.
While shutting down the coordinated effort on Facebook may help, Dana Benson, vice president of communications at Fandango, the parent company of Rotten Tomatoes, told NBC News in a statement that the site is being closely monitored for any activity that may cross into hate speech.
Image caption Heather Smith said the council received "significantly less" in government funds than other authorities and this had been made known to Whitehall
The leader of a local council forced to ban almost all spending said they warned the government it was about to "fall over the edge of the cliff".
Northamptonshire County Council said on Friday it had brought in a section 114 notice, banning new expenditure.
It insisted staff wages and spending on statutory services for protecting vulnerable people were unaffected.
Heather Smith, Conservative leader of the council, said: "We did warn that we would become unsustainable."
They said: "We have been warning government from about 2013/14 that, with our financial position, we couldn't cope with the levels of cuts we were facing.
"Before Christmas, I wrote to the secretary of state to say we were about to fall over the edge of the cliff because we can't just increase council tax."
A government spokesperson said it had appointed an independent inspector to look at the council's finances, adding: "This is a decision for the authority, and it would not be appropriate for us to comment while the inspection is ongoing."
Image caption Northamptonshire County Council's new headquarters officially opened in October
Speaking to Labour's local government conference in Nottingham, the party's leader Jeremy Corbyn said: "Austerity is unleashing chaos across our country, squeezing our local authorities and putting jobs, and the vital services they deliver, at risk."
The council announced in December that it was looking to increase council tax by almost 5% as it sought to make savings of £34.3m.
It was then revealed in January it was considering selling its new £53m headquarters, which officially opened in October.
Last month, the government said an inspector would look into allegations of financial failings at the authority.
It is the first section 114 notice issued in more than 20 years but Prof Tony Travers, from The London School of Economics, believes others could follow.
They said: "I think there are others that are quite close to Northamptonshire's position and, with so-called austerity continuing into the next decade, I would be amazed if Northamptonshire was the only council to get into these circumstances."
Bob Scott, leader of the Labour Group on Northamptonshire County Council, said: "My only surprise is that a section 114 order has been issued just after an inspector has been appointed and started their work."
The implications are due to be discussed at the full council meeting on 22 February.
Bodies Wash Ashore following Boat Capsize off Libyan Coast
GENEVA, Feb 2 2018 (IOM) - An estimated 90-100 migrants are reported to have been on board a boat, when it capsized off the coast of Libya on Thursday evening (01/02). According to IOM Libya's Olivia Headon, 10 bodies are reported to have washed up on Libyan shores – one Libyan woman and reportedly some Pakistani nationals. Two survivors are reported to have swum to shore, while another was rescued by a fishing boat, Headon said. IOM is working to get more details of the tragedy and to see how best to assist survivors, they continued.
In 2017, the 3,138 Pakistani migrants arriving by sea to Italy from Libya were 13th in the overall list of migrant arrivals (119,369). This year though, they already are the third highest nationality so far, with an estimated 240 reaching Italy in January. In comparison, only nine Pakistanis arrived in Italy by sea in January 2017. According to IOM's Missing Migrants project (MMP), there were no confirmed deaths of Pakistani or Libyan nationals in the Mediterranean in 2017. In 2016, MMP recorded that 8 Pakistani nationals went missing in the Eastern Mediterranean in a shipwreck on 14 March 2016 near Kos, Greece.
This latest tragedy comes as IOM, the UN Migration Agency, reports that 6,624 migrants and refugees had entered Europe by sea through 28 January. This compares with 5,983 coming ashore during a similar period in 2017. Italy accounts for approximately 64 per cent of the total, with the remainder split between Spain (19 per cent) and Greece (16 per cent).
IOM Rome reported Thursday (01/02) that survivors of a shipwreck that occurred last weekend arrived Tuesday in Augusta, Sicily. According to testimony gathered by IOM staff at their landing point, the total number of victims may be between 32 and 37, in addition to at least three deaths confirmed from the incident.
IOM's Flavio Di Giacomo reported the migrants left Zuwara, Libya, on Saturday at around midnight, on a dinghy carrying about 130–135 people. On Sunday morning their boat started to take on water. The ship Aquarius arrived in time to save 96 people, as well as to recover the remains of two passengers, both mothers who left children among the survivors.
Additional reporting by IOM's Missing Migrants Project (MMP) indicates that even before the SOS Méditerranée's vessel recovered those remains off the coast of Libya, 11 more migrants had already been evacuated to the nearest hospital – in Sfax, Tunisia – by an Italian Navy Helicopter. One of those 11, a woman, died upon arrival.
These casualties bring to 246 the total number of fatalities on the Mediterranean Sea through the first month of 2018. That compares with 254 at this time in 2017.
IOM Libya's Olivia Headon reported that 252 migrants were returned to Libyan shores on Wednesday (31 January). Some 226 men, 19 women – four of them pregnant – and 7 children had been aboard two rubber dinghies headed for Europe, they explained.
“IOM provided food and water to the group when they were back on land and treated those in need of emergency medical assistance,” Headon added. “IOM will follow up on each individual case to see what further assistance and protection can be provided.”
Headon also reported that a separate group, this one consisting of 23 migrants, was being returned to Libya on Thursday (01/02) afternoon. One child was in the group, as well as two pregnant women, one of whom is likely to give birth in the coming days, said Headon.
The 246 deaths this month – the second deadliest on the Mediterranean since June 2017 – points to the randomness of danger along this busy migration corridor. The previous month (December 2017), when 23 deaths were recorded, was the least lethal of any recorded by IOM since January 2014, while the normally busy months of July, August, September and October last year all recorded fatalities below 200 each.
“Of course, there is no way to predict the number of deaths we record – almost all migrants who die in the Mediterranean are victims of chance,” said Julia Black, coordinator of IOM's Missing Migrants Project, “but it is heart-breaking that so often dozens, sometimes hundreds of deaths occur in a single day. While the deaths of these migrants are unpredictable, there is an undeniable trend of tragedy in the Mediterranean.”
The Missing Migrants Project has recorded more than 3,000 migrant deaths in the Mediterranean each year since 2014. Black added that the 28 deaths recorded in January off Spain were the same number recorded in that region in January 2017. Not a single death was recorded in Greek waters so far this year, while only one was confirmed a year ago on that route (see chart below).
Casualties in the Eastern Mediterranean have dropped sharply along with the fall in arrivals. In the 22 months between April 2016 and January 2018 fatalities on the route have fallen to 6.75 per month, from 96.25 per month during the 12 months between April 2015 and March 2016.
Worldwide, IOM's Missing Migrants Project (MMP) has recorded the deaths or disappearances of 396 people during migration through 31 January this year, compared with 545 through this date in 2017 (see chart below).
Among those fatalities confirmed during recent days were two children who drowned in the Indian Ocean after the boat in which they were travelling from Comoros Islands to the French island of Mayotte capsized on 22 January. One more child remains missing from that incident in which it was reported 11 survivors were rescued.
In Central America, one young man was found dead last Saturday (27/01). Their remains were discovered alongside highway 150 between Orizaba and Tehuacán in near the border of the Mexican states of Veracruz and Puebla. Additionally, one death was recorded in Europe on 29 January: a young man was struck by a vehicle on the E40 motorway near Jabbeke, Belgium.
Missing Migrants Project data are compiled by IOM staff but come from a variety of sources, some of which are unofficial. To learn more about how data on missing migrants are collected, click here.
Latest Mediterranean Update infographic here
For latest arrivals and fatalities in the Mediterranean, please visit: http://migration.iom.int/europe
Learn more about the Missing Migrants Project at: http://missingmigrants.iom.int
For more information, please contact: Joel Millman at IOM HQ, Tel: +41 79 103 8720, Email: jmillman@iom.int
Mircea Mocanu, IOM Romania, Tel: +40212115657, Email: mmocanu@iom.int
Dimitrios Tsagalas, IOM Cyprus, Tel: + 22 77 22 70, E-mail: dtsagalas@iom.int
Flavio Di Giacomo, IOM Coordination Office for the Mediterranean, Italy, Tel: +39 347 089 8996, Email: fdigiacomo@iom.int
Hicham Hasnaoui, IOM Morocco, Tel: + 212 5 37 65 28 81, Email: hhasnaoui@iom.int
Kelly Namia, IOM Greece, Tel: +30 210 991 2174, Email: knamia@iom.int
Julia Black, IOM GMDAC, Germany, Tel: +49 30 278 778 27, Email: jblack@iom.int
Olivia Headon, IOM Libya, Tel: + +21651 084554 Email: oheadon@iom.int
Ana Dodevska, IOM Spain, Tel: +34 91 445 7116, Email: adodevska@iom.int
Myriam Chabbi, IOM Tunisia, Tel: +216 71 860 312 ext. 109, Mobile: +216 28 78 78 05, Email: mchabbi@iom.int
Needs: The Bills lost Stephon Gilmore in free agency, but they were able to retain Lorenzo Alexander, keeping their best pass rusher in the mix. However, neither of those moves will change the team's primary needs.
When it comes time to draft, the Bills will look to address holes at wide receiver, cornerback, safety, defensive end and tight end. Some needs are bigger than others, but look for Buffalo to draft players at each of those spots.
Picks: First round (10), second round (44), third round (75), fifth round (139, 152), sixth round (169).
Mark J. Rebilas Mark J. Rebilas-USA TODAY Sports
On Sunday evening, the short-handed Portland Trail Blazers defeated the Minnesota Timberwolves by a score of 95-89. While the victory is certainly what counts the most, the Timberwolves did have a moment of glory as their star rookie guard Kris Dunn unleashed an eye-popping dribbling move usually reserved for the glory days of the AND 1 Mixtape Tour — bouncing the ball around a Trail Blazers defender, (Shabazz Napier) gathering it, and passing mid-air to an open teammate:
We see you, Kris Dunn! https://t.co/WuhJF8RsIw — Bleacher Report (@BleacherReport) January 2, 2017
Premeditated or by accident? Answer: who cares.
P.S. We are pleased to inform you that Gorgui Dieng did in fact make the shot.
The entertainment technology company's results were still way up from a year ago, when it posted earnings of 6 cents per share on revenue of $1.96 billion. But the results fell slightly short even of Netflix's own forecasts of adding 5.2 million subscribers in the first quarter — 1.5 million domestic streamers and 3.7 million internationally.
The company said the 22 percent year-over-year decrease in international subscriber additions was in part "lapping" last year's massive global expansion.
Subscriber growth is a key metric for analysts. Domestic growth can signal that the company's core market has yet to mature, analysts said, while the international market has shown the most rapid new growthprospects.
The California-based company is now dumping cash into original content to maintain its dominance over its growing field of rivals. The company's had $423 million negative free cash flow during the quarter, wider than the $261 million negative free cash flow a year ago. Netflix expects to have $2 billion in negative free cash flow this year.
Netflix said in the fall that it plans to spend $6 billion on content this year, above last year's predicted spending from companies like Amazon and CBS. Netflix also said in January it plans to produce 1,000 hours of premium original content this year — even as tech giants like Apple try their hand at original shows.
Still, the company's cash burn has been a concern for some on Wall Street. The company is spending over $1 billion in 2017 just on marketing, and streaming content obligations have swollen to $15.3 billion, up from $12.3 billion a year ago.
"We continue to believe that Netflix cash burn is important and is largely overlooked by investors," Wedbush analyst Michael Pachter said in a note ahead of the earnings release.
Joey “Jaws” Chestnut wolfed down 74 hot dogs and buns in 10 minutes to capture their 11th Nathan's Famous International Hot Dog Eating Contest championship on Wednesday. “I found a vicious rhythm,” the 34-year-old Chestnut said after winning the prized Mustard Belt. “I was feeling good today.”
Chestnut ate 10 more dogs and buns than runner-up, Carmen Cincotti. Miki Sudo won the women's title, eating 37 hot dogs. Watch some of the carnage below.
What's the nutritional information look like for 74 hot dogs in a single sitting, you may ask? Well, it's absolutely horrifying.
Nutrition Data on Joey Chestnut's record 74 hot dogs and buns in 10 minutes. pic.twitter.com/vsuhaHH0ah — Darren Rovell (@darrenrovell) July 4, 2018
Find that one thing you're the best at.
ERIN, Wis. – To say the USGA's relationship with a portion of the PGA Tour's membership has been strained in recent years is an understatement.
At the 2015 U.S. Open, many among the field lashed out at Chambers Bay's greens that were far less than green; and last year's final-round ruling that nearly cost Dustin Johnson the title was certainly not popular among the play-for-pay set.
There was even talk at a player meeting earlier this year about how the USGA was spending the revenues from its new broadcast deal with Fox, so it should have been no surprise that chief executive Mike Davis traveled to last month's Dean & DeLuca Invitational to meet with members of the Tour's policy board and player advisory council.
According to Davis, the meeting was an attempt to form better lines of communications between the players and USGA.
“Some of the discussion had to do with the U.S. Open, we're coming to Erin Hills and they can better understand Erin Hills,” Davis said on Wednesday. “We also talked with them about some of the rules, what were some of their opinions? What's going on with equipment?
“And the third thing, which might be the biggest, just having a Tour player better understand what we do as a non-profit. Where do our monies go?”
Davis said they explained to the players that the USGA, as a non-profit organization, invests over $200 million a year in golf.
“What we came to realize is that very few, if any of them, actually understood what the USGA does,” Davis said. “They don't realize about the turf grass research, they don't realize what we are doing with juniors, or what we're doing for history. Once they understood that I think they had a little more appreciation for what the U.S. Open is doing for the game of golf.”
Davis said there will be more meetings with players in the future and that the association will continue to collect feedback.
Millionaire's 5,000 pigeons hobby
Viktor Kharlashin won't say how much they have spent on their bird farm, but it's one of the biggest in Europe.
Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas met secretly with the CIA chief in the West Bank, Palestinian officials said Wednesday, as they expressed concern over the Trump administration's suggestion that a two-state solution to the conflict with Israel is optional.
Mike Pompeo and Abbas held talks Tuesday at the Palestinian government compound in the city of Ramallah, the first high-level contacts between the Palestinian leader and administration officials, said two senior officials who spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak to reporters about the meeting.
The White House and the CIA declined comment.
One of the Palestinian officials said Abbas briefed Pompeo on Palestinian positions ahead of Wednesday's White House talks between President Donald Trump and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu.
The Palestinian leadership had previously expressed concern it would be sidelined by an administration seen as being closely aligned with Israel.
The Palestinians were given a new cause for concern when a White House official told reporters in Washington that the two-state solution — a cornerstone of American diplomacy for more than two decades — was not the only option for resolving the conflict.
The official said Tuesday that Trump is eager to begin facilitating a peace deal between the two sides and hopes to bring them together soon.
But the official, who was not authorized to speak publicly on the meeting beforehand, said it will be up to the Israelis and Palestinians to determine what peace will entail — and that peace, not a Palestinian state alongside Israel, is the goal.
It remains unclear if the comments signal a shift away from longstanding U.S. support for Palestinian statehood.
The Palestinians seek a state in the West Bank, Gaza Strip and east Jerusalem, areas captured by Israel in the 1967 Mideast War. The contours of a solution emerged in previous U.S.-led talks, including a border based on the 1967 lines that would include mutual land swaps to accommodate some of the larger Jewish settlements close to Israel. A final deal has remained elusive.
Support for a two-state solution was reaffirmed by representatives of dozens of countries, including the U.S., at an international conference in Paris last month, before Trump's inauguration.
Netanyahu is under growing pressure from right-wing Cabinet ministers to abandon a two-state solution — an idea they publicly endorsed several years ago, albeit with reservations.
Critics say that in any case, Israel's policy of settlement expansion on war-won land is making such a partition deal increasingly difficult.
Gilad Erdan, a Cabinet minister and member of Netanyahu's Likud Party, told Israel's Army Radio this week that "all the Cabinet ministers oppose a Palestinian state, including Netanyahu."
Erdan added that Netanyahu should tread carefully in the meeting with Trump, saying "we don't need to dictate a position to the president of the United States."
Far-right Education Minister Naftali Bennett warned last week that "the earth will shake" if Trump and Netanyahu declare a commitment to a Palestinian state.
Palestinian officials warned that the only other acceptable, but unlikely option would be a single state for Israelis and Palestinians, an idea opposed by a majority of Israelis and Palestinians.
"We believe undermining the two-state solution is not a joke, it is a disaster and tragedy for Palestinians and the Israelis and the whole region," said Saeb Erekat, the chief Palestinian negotiator.
It was not clear if the Trump White House had intended to declare a major policy shift during the hastily arranged briefing Tuesday night.
State Department officials expressed surprise at the comments and said they were not aware of any policy shift on the desirability of a two-state solution.
Netanyahu and Trump are to meet at the White House. They will hold a joint news conference before convening for meetings and a working lunch. The Israeli leader will then head to Capitol Hill for meetings with lawmakers on both sides of the aisle, including Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, House Speaker Paul Ryan and Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer.
Trump and Netanyahu are likely to discuss peace efforts, expanded Israeli settlements and Iran — as well as Trump's campaign pledge to move the U.S. Embassy in Israel from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem.
The embassy move would signal U.S. recognition of Jerusalem as Israel's capital, a move that would infuriate the Palestinians, who claim the eastern sector of the city as the capital of their future state.
———
Associated Press writers Mohammed Daraghmeh in Ramallah, West Bank, Daniel Estrin in Jerusalem, and Vivian Salama and Deb Riechmann in Washington contributed to this report.
What happened
Continue Reading Below
Shares of mobile satellite services provider Globalstar (NYSEMKT: GSAT) jumped on Monday following news that Straight Path Communications (NYSEMKT: STRP) may be the subject of a bidding war between AT&T and Verizon. At 3:45 p.m. EDT, Globalstar stock was up about 11%, while Straight Path's was up 22%.
So what
AT&T announced on April 10 that it had agreed to acquire Straight Path in an effort to support development of 5G technologies. Straight Path owns a nationwide portfolio of millimeter wave spectrum, valuable to AT&T in an increasingly competitive wireless market. AT&T planned to pay $1.25 billion for Straight Path, or $1.6 billion inclusive of liabilities.
Shares of Globalstar, which recently received approval from the Federal Communications Commission to build a low-power terrestrial network with some of its satellite spectrum, rose following that news. Verizon is now reportedly considering topping AT&T's bid, starting what could end up being a bidding war between the two top wireless companies in the U.S.
Image source: Globalstar.
Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT
This prospect sent shares of Globalstar even higher. There have been no reports that Globalstar is an acquisition target, but investors are betting that a buyout is now more likely.
Now what
Globalstar is a volatile stock that has dropped significantly since peaking in 2014. While a major rebound since late 2016, driven by the FCC approval, has undone some of that decline, Globalstar remains a risky investment, to say the least.
With the wireless industry getting more competitive, it's possible that Globalstar will become an acquisition target. But at the moment, that's pure speculation.
10 stocks we like better than Globalstar
When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the market.*
David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now… and Globalstar wasn't one of them! That's right — they think these 10 stocks are even better buys.
Click here to learn about these picks!
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 3, 2017
Timothy Green has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Verizon Communications. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
The suicide of a Wigan millionaire business person's wife sparked a radical overhaul of the way mental health assessments are conducted.
Sharon Haliwell took their own life at their Wigan home last April after with an addiction to sleeping pills, a coroner ruled.
The 48-year-old had also suffered abuse at the hands of their violent husband, Darren.
But Prof Jennifer Leeming, senior coroner for Manchester West, was concerned there was a lack of communication between different teams working for North West Boroughs NHS Foundation trust.
At their inquest, Mr Haliwell questioned at their inquest in August why they were not considered to be a "high risk" case, after they had spoken previously about having suicidal tendencies to two different services, less than a fortnight apart.
In a letter to the coroner Simon Barber, NWB's chief executive, said a number of attempts had been made to address "connectivity issues" between different teams within the mental health trust.
They confirmed that staff from their Improving Access to Psychological Therapies (IAPT) team had been given training on recognising when patients had been subject to clinical intervention. And while they said it was not possible to fully integrate two patient information systems but work was ongoing to ‘flag up' when a patient was known to be receiving assistance from a second trust team.
Mr Barber added: "In addition to this, the trust will amend all appropriate standard operating procedures by March 2018 to ensure that where clinicians identify a red flag alert, they contact the relevant clinical team and ensure that they have all the clinical information they require in relation to risk and ongoing treatment plans."
Prof Leeming was told that Mrs Haliwell, of Manse Gardens, Worsley Mesnes, had undergone a triage process with the IAPT team on February 7, after making an attempt on their own life, which indicated they remained at risk of suicide.
The inquest heard they also underwent a second mental health assessment on February 18, which came to similar conclusions. But due to an error they were not referred for counselling by an advanced nurse practitioner.
Issuing a prevention of death notice to NWB, the coroner said while they were satisfied some improvements had been made, they were still concerned about communications issues within the trust.
Mrs Haliwell was found dead at their home the following April, after family members had become concerned for them welfare.
"How big a risk does someone have to be before something is done?" Mr Haliwell told the hearing.
They also attended for sessions with drugs recovery charity Addaction but staff there said their involvement ended when they claimed they no longer abused sleeping pills.
It's time for some G-T-L-R… Gym, Tan, Laundry, Reunion.
The Jersey Shore reunion will premiere on August 20th, so literally in less than a week!
Snookie and The Situation made the official announcement on Instagram writing, “ITS HAPPENING GUYS! August 20 on E! with my Best Friends! Love my roomies forever.”
They posted a video of the cast members Sammi “Sweatheart” Giancola, Jenni “JWoww” Farley, The Situationand Pauly “DJ Pauly D” Delvecchio jamming out in a car to the original theme song “Get Crazy” by LMFAO.
ITS HAPPENING GUYS! August 20 on E! with my Best Friends! Love my roomies forever ❤️❤️❤️❤️ #JERZDAYISHERE A post shared by Nicole "Snooki" Polizzi (@snooki) on Aug 11, 2017 at 6:53am PDT
The docu-series titled Reunion Road Trip: Return to the Jersey Shore will include the above mentioned members on a road trip down memory lane.
👀👀👀👀👀 A post shared by Nicole "Snooki" Polizzi (@snooki) on Aug 11, 2017 at 11:27am PDT
It will reportedly serve as a pilot for a brand-new series that will reunite other reality show casts.
No further details have been disclosed.
It's also unclear why Vinny and Ronnie will not be participating.
Regardless, who's ready to FIST PUMP!?
Armed only with food cooked by grieving mothers, Guadalupe Cruz enters the battle to prevent young people from dying on Chicago's streets.
She's driving to the funeral of Jose de Jesus Aguilar, 14 - the third she's attended in six weeks. Jose entered a rival gang's territory in a stolen car with a friend. They were shot dead.
"I will pick up the chicken and bread on the way," says Guadalupe, better known as Lupe, braving the afternoon traffic.
They need to be at the funeral to try to persuade Jose's friends not to retaliate against the gang they believe shot him. They work for Cure Violence, a public health programme created in Chicago in 2000 to stop the spread of violence at source, the way you would treat a disease epidemic.
Funerals are key moments for this. And food, traditionally served after Mexican burials, is essential, Lupe explains. They want to prevent Jose's friends using eating as an excuse to go out on the street after paying their respects.
Lupe is picking up food from their network of mothers who have cooked chicken, rice, salad and pastries. They began helping them after losing children to gang violence, and each greets the youth worker with a hug.
Frances is accompanying them and helps load the trays into the car. Them 17-year-old son was killed some years ago, they say.
"When we talk about our children that are not here, duele - it hurts." The Spanish word is the only one they say in their second language throughout the conversation, and it drips with their pain.
They call at the home of another mother, Amy, who's cooked pasta. They also lost their son Gregory, 18, to violence.
"Closing that casket and never seeing their face again, not seeing them grow old, to see me grow old, or see them with their kids, that's the most painful thing in the world," they say.
Too grief-stricken to get out of bed, Amy relied on Lupe to arrange the funeral. Now they will do "whatever" Lupe asks.
"She doesn't see rivals or gang members, they see everybody as a community, as people. That's how we are supposed to be," says Amy.
Jose's mother died when they were young and their father wasn't around. Their death gets only a brief mention in the media, in a city where there were 650 killings in the last year - more than bigger cities like New York or Los Angeles.
Lupe spends most of the day driving - hands-free set ensuring they don't miss a call - and fixing the final details of the funeral, far from the neighbourhoods of the two rival gangs. They talk to mothers and young people, flowing with ease between Spanish, English, formal and street.
On arrival at the funeral home, Lupe and Frances carefully arrange the trays of food on a long table. Jose's friends trickle in, wearing hoodies bearing their photograph and the dates of their birth and death - so poignantly close. Some have brought their children. They huddle around the casket. They cry together and console each other. They play music for Jose. Lupe sits to talk.
"I tell them that what they're going through - going to the funeral of their 14-year-old friend - isn't normal. Because it's all been accepted and normalised. They have to carry themselves as if they were grown-ups, but they're still kids."
Lupe understands their sorrow. They grew up and works in the Little Village, La Villita, a predominantly Mexican West Side neighbourhood. They never knew their father, and their mother died when they were a child.
Spilling emotions
As more young people arrive, their demeanour changes and the tension builds. "Today is important as we could lose another life. When they get out of here, they will be carrying a lot of pain. Some of them are armed."
After the funeral, amid talk of retaliation, Lupe grabs the older, influential ones - los que los jalan (the ones who pull, lead them). They take them for pizza, letting them spill out their emotions, and asks community leaders in both areas to take other young people away from hot spots where they usually hang out at night.
The funeral is by no means the trickiest situation they have had to defuse. They tell of the time they had to go to a hospital to calm more than 50 young people who were outside. "I talked to the hospital staff to see if I could get just one person in to find out if their friend was okay. These calls always happen at 3am."
This is typical of Cure Violence's methods. Epidemiologist Gary Slutkin, who for years battled Aids and tuberculosis in Africa, founded the organisation after concluding that violence mimics the path of these infectious diseases. The work includes detecting conflicts and cooling people down, identifying the highest risk and changing their behaviour, and changing the norms and expectations.
"Someone who's doing violence, whether they are a mass shooter or someone in a neighbourhood, has picked up that by contagion, by seeing others doing it," they argue, saying young people and gang members are "miscategorised" as bad people. "Frankly, it's medieval - it's the way we used to look at people who had leprosy or the plague."
Lupe agrees: "People have already put this tag on them. They're not bad people, they have a story, just like we all do. You take them out of the community and they love to go eat ice cream, they don't take advantage of you. It's the time that you give them that is important for them. We can sit for three hours and have a milkshake that will melt to water."
They know better than to try to build bridges between gangs with long histories. Some of Chicago's biggest gangs were formed in the 1960s and 1970s and membership is inherited. Their territories - packed with foreclosed homes and boarded-up shops - are divided by long avenues, junctions and bridges.
Instead, they create links between young people who don't trust the adults they feel have failed them throughout their lives, and the adults who only read about youths in scattered press reports, or see them hanging out on corners.
"We organise activities like late night barbecues, daytime cookouts, peace festivals, vigils and marches, and other people see them cleaning, serving food, they start getting to know them. Many times they haven't even spoken to them. And they tell me 'wow, this kid's smart'," says Lupe.
Anna and Luis, a young couple with two kids, only secured their apartment after Lupe persuaded the landlord to give them a chance.
"A lot of people don't believe in us 'cause we're young", says Anna. "We have to show them different."
They struggle to stay on the "right path", Luis admits.
"It's real hard not going back to the things that I used to do 'cause I'm in the neighbourhood. I have bad times but Lupe always tells us just keep positive, doing what we're doing."
Lupe calls them daily, alerting them to stay inside whenever they hear of trouble. Luis tries to stay away from gang violence.
For Luis, the key to leaving the streets was getting advice from Lupe, whom they trusted: "You need someone who has gone through it and that's gonna go click in your mind."
Raul Gonzales, another member of the Cure Violence team, understands how youths feel. They belonged to one of the biggest gangs in the city and spent time in prison.
"[Violence is] all they know; that's how they grew. In this environment, if somebody jumps on you, you will go back and jump on them."
They take them to a boxing club to get them off the street. If they does not listen, they think laterally.
"I try to talk to somebody else that I know they might listen to. Could be for example their uncle, who used to run with the group... But it's gotta be somebody credible."
"Our programme ain't gonna stop all the conflict, but we stop a lot of problems. We do the job the police can't do, not because they don't want to do it, but because [the youths] want no police officer to talk to them."
It's hard to assess the impact of any programme in violence against a general backdrop of falling crime rates across the US. However, independent evaluations of the Cure Violence approach point to significant crime reductions in the communities it serves, when compared with similar areas without such programmes.
In 2009, Chicago's Northwestern University research suggested an overall reduction of between 41% and 73% across seven communities served by a combination of Cure Violence and other community efforts. It also said "retaliation homicides" were eradicated in five of the eight communities studied.
A 2015 John Jay College of Criminal Justice study found New York neighbourhoods served by Cure Violence had experienced an 18% decline in the average homicide rate between 2010 and 2013, while in comparison areas it had increased 69%. More independent studies were conducted in different cities, with similar results.
Ready for change?
The Chicago study also identified how Cure Violence workers dealt with underlying problems like unemployment, education, interpersonal relationships or more practical issues like getting identity documents.
But as they set out on their Sunday rounds, Lupe acknowledges: "Many of these young people aren't ready for the change of life. They have to do their part."
Frankie, 17, is ready.
"I'm tired of this," they say. "Tired of people getting killed every day. Watching your back."
Their first step is to return to school, and Lupe gives them a letter so that they accept them the next day. She's also supporting Frankie's mother to arrange mentoring so they can help young people in their neighbourhood.
"They call them mama, and they have a lot of influence, so... they could try to guide them in the positive path," says Lupe.
Lupe's weekend winds up at a bustling Chicago pizza restaurant where they meet Samantha, whom they mentored through high school and who is studying to become a paralegal.
"A lot of my friends were getting killed, and I just didn't want to end up like that," says Samantha.
Over potato wedges and pizza, Lupe jokes about how tough Samantha was, recalling 2am trips to collect them from the police station. Samantha shows how they tattooed Guadalupe's name on their arm, though Lupe still isn't keen on the result.
Samantha says life remains hard, describing how they and their daughter witnessed a shooting on their street corner. "Every day someone's getting shot. Back-to-back, 10 years, I've been to, like, 10 funerals," they add.
Samantha pays for the meal using their own debit card, making Lupe glow with pride. As night falls, they remember when Lupe would buy pizza for Samantha and their friends every Friday - anything to keep them off the streets on a "hot" night.
"It's the little things, you know," says Lupe. "These little things are big for them. People have failed them their whole lives. So I do this, no matter how tired I am."
Illustrations: Alice Grenié
Crossing Divides
Crossing Divides: a week of stories about people creating connections in a polarised world.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption How to survive a difficult conversation
Do you have experience of building bridges within divided communities? Share them with us by emailing haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.
You can also contact us in the following ways:
Tweet: #CrossingDivides
WhatsApp: +44 7555 173285
Text an SMS or MMS to 61124 (UK) or +44 7624 800 100 (international)
(UK) or (international) Please read our terms & conditions
To send your stories.
Mandy has been with ABC Newspapers since 2007, when they joined the staff as the editor of the Anoka County Union. They have been the managing editor of the UnionHerald and Blaine Spring Lake Park Life since 2014.
The Midwest Medical Examiner's Office has released the names of two people found dead in Coon Rapids Thursday, Oct. 5.
They were Alissa Spah, 20, of Andover, Antonio Perfetti, 22, of Ham Lake.
Just after 3:30 p.m. police responded to the Buffalo Wild Wings restaurant parking lot at 3395 Riverdale Drive after a 911 caller reported two people were passed out in a vehicle.
When they arrived, police found Spah and Pefetti in the vehicle. They were both deceased, according to the Anoka County Sheriff's Office.
Police report there were no obvious signs of trauma to either victim. While the Medical Examiner performed autopsies Friday afternoon, the causes of death have not yet been reported.
Email Address: Password:
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here.
Forgot your password?
Carson Wentz may not be ready for start of 2018 season?
We already know the Philadelphia Eagles will have to find a way to win without Carson Wentz down the stretch and into the playoffs, but will they have to do the same at the start of the 2018 season?
The Eagles announced on Monday that Wentz suffered a torn ACL in Sunday's win over the Los Angeles Rams. ESPN's Chris Mortensen later spoke with Dr. James Andrews, and the famed orthopedic surgeon indicated that it is no guarantee Wentz will be ready to go in Week 1 next year.
Dr. James Andrews, noted orthopedic specialist, was not speaking specifically to Wentz but they told me a short while ago that expectation should be tempered for a player with an ACL surgery to return by start of '18 seasons. They say ACL repairs need 9-to-12 months. — Chris Mortensen (@mortreport) December 11, 2017
Wentz proved this season that they are capable of being a franchise quarterback. They were arguably the favorite to win the NFL MVP award before they went down, so the Eagles are almost certainly going to be careful with him. There's no sense rushing Wentz back before they are 100 percent healthy, especially at the start of a season.
1:25 Steve Clifford breaks down Hornets' loss to Clippers Pause
1:43 CMS School Board comments on recent ICE raids
0:55 PETA says go vegan for your valentine
0:25 One dead, one injured in uptown shooting
1:28 Fear among Charlotte's immigrants
2:13 What does U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement do?
1:04 Statesville Avenue developments
1:30 Super Bowl 51: Players to Watch
14:47 Family looks for answers after Josue Diaz fatal shooting
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Early Human May Have Made Tools, Buried Dead and Lived Beside Modern Humans 0:47 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Far in the back of a twisty, narrow cave in South Africa lie the remains of three pre-humans with small heads and clever hands.
The discovery, and research done on a cave full of 15 skeletons nearby, strongly suggests the hominids were much less ancient than previously thought. It also suggests that they may not only have lived alongside more modern humans, but buried their dead and, perhaps, made and used tools.
A "Neo" skull of Homo naledi from the Lesedi Chamber. John Hawks / University of Wisconsin-Madison
The hominids, called Homo naledi, had brains about a third the size of ours but had modern-looking hands and backbones. The first fossils were only found in 2013 and their discovery has caused heated debate ever since.
An international team of paleontologists has now dated the bones to between 226,000 and 335,000 years ago — a much younger age than other finds had predicted. And a second cave containing the remains of three more individuals strengthens the argument that the dead were put there on purpose, the teams of researchers report in the journal eLife.
Related: Did Homo Naledi Bury Their Dead?
The second cave is about 100 yards away from the first cave, the discovery of which led to debate about when Homo naledi lived and whether the pre-humans had deliberately buried their dead.
"This likely adds weight to the hypothesis that Homo naledi was using dark, remote places to cache its dead," University of Wisconsin-Madison anthropologist John Hawks, who worked on the study, said in a statement.
"What are the odds of a second, almost identical occurrence happening by chance?”
The team used several different methods to date the ancient bones.
“ This likely adds weight to the hypothesis that Homo naledi was using dark, remote places to cache its dead.”
"When we first identified the fossils, most of the paleo-anthropologists on site were convinced that they would be a million or two million years old, but we have now shown they are much more recent,” said Paul Dirks of James Cook University in Australia, who worked on the study.
“It means that a primitive hominid persisted on the landscape in Africa for a very substantial period of time, well beyond what paleo-anthropologists predicted to be possible."
A Kabwe skull from Zambia, an archaic human, at left, and a "Neo" skull of Homo naledi, at right. John Hawks / University of Wisconsin-Madison
The earliest examples in the area of modern humans, Homo sapiens, date to around 200,000 years ago.
The three new skeletons come from two adults and a child about 5 years old, the researchers report in a series on studies published on the finds.
One of the adults has a very complete skull.
Related: Mastodon Discovery Could Upend Our Understanding of Early North America
"We finally get a look at the face of Homo naledi," said paleontologist Peter Schmid of South Africa's University of Witwatersrand, who pieced the skull together.
The adults would have stood around 5 feet tall and would have weighed around 100 pounds.
Dr Hannah Hilbert-Wolf, left, shows part of the jaw of H. naledi to Dr. Marina Elliott, moments after they discovered the fossil wedged in a small fracture in the Lesedi chamber. James Cook University
"What is so provocative about Homo naledi is that these are creatures with brains one third the size of ours," Hawks added. "This is clearly not a human, yet it seems to share a very deep aspect of behavior that we recognize, an enduring care for other individuals that continues after their deaths. It awes me that we may be seeing the deepest roots of human cultural practices."
Related: Fresh Fossils Could Force a Rewrite of Human Prehistory
The discovery will not end the debate about how the skeletons got into the caves. Some paleontologists doubt that such early humans were deliberately burying their dead.
"There's a big debate, on whether it's a burial ground or they were trapped there,” Dirks said.
“They could have been chased by lions or other humans, they could have got stuck in the cave. There are enormous storms in the region and there is evidence of meteorite impacts of a similar age in the area. You can speculate all you like, but at the moment the original hypothesis, that they were placed there on purpose, still holds."
More and more studies are showing that the evolution of humans was messy and complicated. It was not just a steady progression from the primitive Australopithecus species best represented by Lucy to Homo erectus and then to more modern Neanderthals and fully modern humans. Instead, various species lived alongside each other and in some cases interbred.
The Wood County Health Department broke ground today for a new dental facility.
Right now the department says residents need more options for dental care. Ben Batey of the Wood County Health Department said the space will sufficient for residents.
“It should have plenty of capacity for however many residents need the services and were excited because we actually work on a sliding fee scale. So individuals who don't have dental insurance or super high deductibles, we can help them with that and make it affordable for care,” said Batey.
The health department said no individual will be denied dental care due to money issues.
The building expansion will have five chairs available for patients. Construction for the space is expected to be done in October.
The health department said hope to offer their services by the end of the year.
Copyright 2018 WTOL. All rights reserved
0:45 New Year's Eve in uptown Charlotte Pause
1:00 Cam Newton after season-ending loss: I need a rest, time away
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
4:15 Roy Cooper sworn in as NC governor minutes after midnight
0:52 Shoppers seek sales at area malls
1:23 Curry Laksa at Co Charlotte
2:08 Feeding the Children
1:45 Should 16- and 17-year-olds be in solitary confinement?
4:07 Steve Crump confronts man who called them the N-word
TORONTO — A Quebec co-operative is savouring sweet victories at the World Championship Cheese Contest, including a win for best camembert that has left a bitter taste in France.
Agropur's smooth Camembert L'Extra, made in Saint-Hyacinthe, Que., edged out the French dairy group Lactalis, which placed second with its entry, made in Belmont, Wisc.
French media have reacted strongly, with the French weekly magazine VSD declaring it “a shameful and stinging defeat” and Ouest-France topping its story with a headline that translates as: “How can it be? The best camembert in the world is â¦ from Quebec.”
Agropur's technical director of fine cheese, Maryse Lamoureux, says they are surprised by the reaction, but believe the flap has drawn more attention to their win than the championship itself.
They say their creamy concoction sold out at the store in their Quebec plant soon after the win. They add it's readily available at groceries across the country.
The contest took place in Madison, Wisc. from March 6 to 8, when a jury of 50 experts from different countries considered 3,402 cheeses from 26 countries.
Lamoureux notes Monday that it's not Agropur's first win at the bi-annual championship, “but it's the first that is publicized.”
“I think it's because of the French press that it's become bigger and bigger. Normally it's quieter when we win a prize,” says Lamoureux, whose St-Hubert camembert placed in the top 3 in 2012 and 2014.
Overall, Canadians did well in this year's camembert category, which pitted 17 contenders from around the world.
A camembert from Natural Pastures Cheese Co. in Courtenay, B.C. placed third, while another Agropur entry placed eighth, and one from Fromagerie Isle aux grues, from Isle aux grues, Que., placed ninth.
Two other camemberts from France place 10th and 12th.
Agropur describes its winning cheese as having a “hazelnut-and-mushroom flavour.”
Quebec's triumph appeared to hit hard in France, where the delicate cow's milk treat is believed to have first appeared in the mid-to-late 1700s in Camembert, Normandy.
“It's a scandal, a fraud. The jury must have been bought,” proclaimed VSD. “Or, if not, it's a shameful and stinging defeat.”
Belgian press also registered surprise. A headline by Paris Match Belgique echoed Ouest-France, while employing a common Quebec swear word: “Tabarnak! Le meilleur camembert du monde est â¦ quebecois.”
It went on to note: “It's called ‘l'Extra.' A name that rings rather well for the creme de la creme of camemberts. Except it wasn't made by our Gaulois (French) cousins but rather across the Atlantic on land better known for its poutine and maple syrup.”
Agropur, owned by more than 3,000 dairy farmers, scored four other wins through cheeses made by its United States facilities, including: the best mozzarella, best smoked provolone, the best feta and best shredded cheese (flavoured and unflavoured).
Canadian producers at Parmalat also scored well, with its Winchester, Ont., facility taking first and third place in the sharp cheddar category. The same facility placed third in the flavoured butter category and third in the mild cheddar category.
Meanwhile, the Orangeville, Ont. facilities run by Saputo Dairy Products Canada produced the best soft goat's milk cheese and third-best “flavored soft goat's milk cheese with sweet condiments.”
Its smoked caciocavallo from a facility in St-Laurent, Que., came second in the smoked smoked provolone category.
Cheese produced at two of Agropur's U.S. facilities won several prizes in 2016, including the best cheddar aged two years or longer, best part skim mozzarella, the best feta and best flavoured feta.
And it's certainly not the first time that a non-French camembert has won the award.
Saputo's St-Laurent, Que. plant won the camembert category in 2010. Meanwhile, an Australian cheese triumphed in 2012 and German cheeses won in 2014 and 2016.
A French cheese was named this year's overall winner, though. A hard sheep's milk cheese called Esquirrou, made at Mauleon Fromagerie, was named 2018 World Champion Cheese.
Lamoureux says most Canadians can easily sample the winning camembert since it is sold in grocery stores across the country.
“It's not hard to find the camembert L'Extra … but maybe it will (be hard to find) in the next days,” they chuckle.
——
Online: http://www.WorldChampionCheese.org.
— With files from Donald McKenzie
Glenn Irwin slid out of contention in race two at the Easter Monday Bank Holiday meeting at Brands Hatch, but the MCE British Superbike prospect has taken the positives from the second round of the series.
The Carrick rider, who finished a solid sixth in the first race on the PBM Be Wiser Ducati, was holding fifth place in the second race behind team-mate and reigning champion Shane ‘Shakey' Byrne when they crashed at Clearways. Two laps later, Byrne also went down at the same corner as the PBM team failed to score any points in race two.
Irwin, though, remains upbeat and feels they have the pace to run consistently at the front this season.
They started from 13th place on the grid in the opening race and battled their way through for some decent points after crossing the line in sixth position at the Indy circuit.
“Sixth place in the first race was a good result given the position I'd started in, but the second race was an awful lot better in terms of my pace and where I was running on track,” Irwin said.
“I felt comfortable sitting in fifth place behind ‘Shakey' and felt confident I'd be able to move forward further still in the closing stages.
“I didn't feel like I was pushing too hard nor that I did anything different going into Clearways but I was caught off guard and down I went,” they added.
“It's really frustrating as I'm really happy with the bike, so I'm sorry for the team as they worked so hard. We're running consistently in the leading pack now and feel like it's where we belong.”
The 27-year-old began the season on a high at Donington Park in round one, finishing sixth in race one before claiming their third career BSB rostrum in the second outing on the Panigale R, fighting their way through to third in the closing laps.
 They are currently sixth in the championship, one point behind Smiths BMW rider Peter Hickman.
Michael Laverty finished eighth and 11th in the two races on the McAMS Yamaha R1.
The day belonged to JG Speedfit Kawasaki rider Luke Mossey, who toasted their first BSB wins with a terrific double on the ZX-10R.
McAMS Yamaha rider James Ellison crashed out of the lead in the opener when they tucked the front at Druids hairpin.
Mossey, who was beginning to open a gap between themselves and team-mate Leon Haslam and Tyco BMW rider Christian Iddon, was left to take up the running.
They controlled matters from the front using the harder option Pirelli rear tyre to good effect and although they had a bit of a scare at Clearways in the final laps, Mossey held firm to score a deserved victory.
Donington double winner and championship leader Haslam became embroiled in a battle with Iddon for the runner-up spot and eventually came out on top to guarantee a Kawasaki one-two.
Byrne, who missed the opening round after a crash during warm-up, mounted a late charge to take a close fourth ahead of Honda Racing's Dan Linfoot on the new Honda Fireblade, who came home ahead of Ulsterman Irwin.
In race two, there was more misfortune for pole man Ellison, who pulled into the pits after encountering problems with their McAMS Yamaha R1 on the warm-up lap.
Haslam made the early pace but Mossey was poised to strike and soon took over at the start of the sixth lap.
Haslam and Iddon were again left to dispute second place and this time it was Tyco BMW rider Iddon who got the verdict, passing the Kawasaki rider at Graham Hill Bend before chasing after Mossey.
Haslam dropped back to fourth briefly after they were overtaken by Byrne, but the PBM Ducati rider went down at Clearways two laps after the same feat befell team-mate Irwin.
Aussie Josh Brookes came storming through on the Anvil Hire Yamaha to snatch fourth from O'Halloran at the final corner, while Linfoot rounded out the top six on the Honda.
Phil Mickelson had a close eye on the weather and a private jet on standby as the 117th US Open got under way at Erin Hills on Thursday.
Mickelson needs to win the US Open, in which they have been runner-up a record six times, to complete the career grand slam but was set to miss the event to attend the high-school graduation of their daughter Amanda, who was born the day after they finished second to Payne Stewart at Pinehurst in 1999.
Only a lengthy weather delay would give the 46-year-old a chance of making a last-minute dash from California to Wisconsin, with first alternate Roberto Diaz waiting to take Mickelson's place alongside Stewart Cink and Steve Stricker in a group due to tee off at 2.20pm local time.
If that weather delay did not materialise - and there have been several already this week - this year's US Open will be the first major championship for 23 years with neither Mickelson nor Tiger Woods in the field.
Mickelson missed the 1994 Masters due to a broken leg suffered in a skiing accident, while Woods was still two years away from turning professional.
"I'm not going to really be prepared for Erin Hills," Mickelson admitted. "I haven't gone there, I don't know the golf course. I'd be showing up there on the first tee for the first time and I would be relying on Bones to steer me around every single shot."
'Bones' is Mickelson's long-term caddie Jim Mackay, who has been walking the course just in case and feels it would suit their employer's quest to finally win their national Open.
"The fairways are generous, the greens take a lot of creativity, and the wind is going to blow," Mackay told Golf.com.
"All of that plays to Phil's advantage. He's to work their way into becoming a player who can handle a lot of wind. Now he's become as good as anybody. To be honest, if they somehow wind up playing here on Thursday I pray it blows 30 miles an hour."
Play was scheduled to get under way at 6:45am local time with the last three champions, Martin Kaymer, Jordan Spieth and Dustin Johnson teeing off at 8:35am.
Johnson only arrived at Erin Hills on Tuesday afternoon after fiancee Paulina Gretzky gave birth to the couple's second son - named River Jones Johnson - on Monday, but the world number one is targeting the first successful title defence since Curtis Strange in 1989.
"It's been very fun the last couple of days, obviously having a new son on Monday was awesome," Johnson said. "Everybody's healthy so that's good.
"It actually worked out pretty well that I missed the cut at Memorial, even though I didn't want to. I came up here and got to practice for two days.
"Even though I came in late I didn't feel like I was behind the 8-ball at all because I got to prepare 10 days ago or so."
The free program is offered from October to March
The Sylvan Lake Community Partners Association is once again seeking donations and volunteers for its Coats for Kids campaign.
The Community Partners Association has partnered with Crystal Clean Laundromat and Seabreeze Cleaners for the month of October. Donations of winter coats and clothing can be dropped off at those two locations, where they will be cleaned before being brought in for families to take home.
“We need volunteers who are willing to spend a few hours at the laundromat once or twice a week cleaning the donations,” said Jen Baliant, event organizer with the Community Partners Association.
Baliant says volunteers would only be needed on an on call basis, as the laundromat will call to have items washed and picked up only once or twice a week. Seabreeze Cleaners will wash all donated items themselves before calling to have them picked up.
Volunteers are needed because more often than not there is only one person in the office, and they are unable to leave to pick up the items or spend an hour or two at the laundromat washing them.
“We can't just close up shop, unfortunately,” Baliant said.
For those looking to donate, any winter clothing item is appreciated, according to Baliant.
Items donated are asked to be new or gently used. Baliant requests all items be in good working order and not in need of repair.
Community Partners Association does not have someone who can fix clothing items in disrepair, such as broken zippers, according to Baliant.
“This is a free service, so we aren't going to be able to send items away to be fixed,” they explained.
There are winter items available for all ages, from babies to seniors.
Winter boots are in high demand, and are often the first ones to be picked through.
Last year 59 pairs of boots were given out to those in need.
In total 479 clients used this service last year, with a total of 637 winter wear items given out.
The majority of the items used last year were coats, with 333 coats given away.
“Actually the most we gave away last year were adult coats,” said Baliant, adding 136 adult coats were given away.
Coats for Kids is a free program for anyone who is in need. Those in need, are welcome to come to the Community Partners Office at 4930 50 Ave. to find the coat or other winter items needed.
Baliant said a lot of people take advantage of the upcoming clothing swap meet.
“A lot come in to drop off the clothes they don't need anymore and maybe grab some things they could use,” they explained.
The swap will take place Oct. 23-27.
Items can be donated at Crystal Clean Laundromat or Seabreeze Cleaners until Oct. 31.
Those needing a winter item can go into the Community Partners officer between October and March.
“It depends on how long our winter is, but generally early March is when we pack up our winter items,” said Baliant.
