An interdisciplinary team of researchers has identified a new gene linked to human aortic aneurysms. By combining comprehensive genetic studies in the fruit fly, dataset searches and analysis of diseased human aortic tissue, the researchers shed light on mechanisms not previously known to be associated with this devastating disease. The study appears in the journal Developmental Cell.
"One of the goals of our lab is to conduct genetic screens in the fruit fly to identify genes that cause neurodevelopmental and neurodegenerative disorders in people," said corresponding author Dr. Hugo Bellen, professor of molecular and human genetics and neuroscience at Baylor College of Medicine and an investigator at the Howard Hughes Medical Institute. "We have identified 165 genes, mapped them and cloned them. The gene we studied here, ari-1, is one of these genes."
"We studied ari-1 because we wanted to investigate a possible connection with the gene parkin, linked to Parkinson disease," said first author, Dr. Nele Haelterman, a former graduate student in the Bellen lab. "The ari-1 and parkin genes are related, and the corresponding proteins they produce are enzymes that chemically modify many other proteins in ways that alter their functions."
Working with fruit flies carrying mutations of ari-1, the researchers screened the flies' tissues looking for anomalies.
"We found that muscle cells from ari-1 mutants looked different from normal cells," said first author Kai Li Tan, a graduate student in the Program in Developmental Biology in the Bellen lab. "Normal muscle cells have many nuclei that are evenly distributed in the cell. On the other hand, ari-1 mutant muscle cells display a clustering of nuclei similar to what one would observe in an injured or sick muscle. The nuclei also had abnormal shapes."
Normal fly muscle cells maintain their nuclei evenly distributed using a network of complex protein 'bridges,' called cytoskeleton. The cytoskeleton is connected to a similar array inside each nucleus (the nucleoskeleton) by the LINC protein complex. This array of protein connections not only keeps nuclei in their proper location, but it also allows the inside of the cell, including the nuclei, to sense changes, such as mechanical tension changes that occur in their external environment.
"Mutants of these different proteins have been known to cause nuclear clustering," Tan said. "We tested whether the LINC complex was affected in ari-1 mutants and found that the mutants do modify the protein Koi in the LINC complex in a manner that disrupts the mechanism that keeps the nuclei in place."
The researchers found an interesting connection between the proteins Ari-1 and Parkin.
"We found that the proteins can form complexes with themselves and with each other and that the functions of Ari-1 and Parkin overlap to some degree," said Bellen, who also is a member of the Jan and Dan Duncan Neurological Research Institute at Texas Children's Hospital. "If Ari-1 is missing, Parkin can take over its function, but not as well as Ari-1; the fruit flies present a mild defect. It works the other way too. When Parkin is missing, Ari-1 can compensate for its absence to some degree."
The fruit fly-human connection
The researchers looked to connect the fly gene ari-1 to a human condition via GeneMatcher, a web-tool developed as part of the Baylor-Hopkins Center for Mendelian Genomics for rare disease researchers. Similar to online dating websites that match couples, GeneMatcher allows researchers to find others that are interested in the same genes they are working on.
GeneMatcher connected the Bellen group with the group of Dr. Dianna Milewicz, division director, professor and vice chair of medical genetics at the University of Texas Health Science Center at Houston McGovern Medical School. They also are a co-author in this study.
Milewicz is interested in finding new genes linked to aortic aneurysms. Them group has screened hundreds of families with early onset aortic aneurysms to try to find new genes that could help assess early the risk of the disease. Aortic aneurysms are potentially life threatening conditions in which the walls of the body's main artery, the aorta, can weaken, bulge and potentially rupture, a fatal condition.
The Bellen and Milewicz labs began a collaboration to explore a connection between human ari-1 (ARIH1) and aortic aneurysms. They identified rare variants of ARIH1 in patients. The variants are associated with cerebrovascular and aortic aneurysms and confirmed that patient aortic tissue samples have abnormally shaped nuclei in aortic smooth muscles. Further, laboratory experiments reducing ARIH1 expression in normal human smooth cells resulted in nuclei changing their shape to that observed in the tissues taken from patients.
Given that proper sensing of mechanical tensions affecting the aorta is important to prevent aneurysms, the researchers argue that the defects in ARIH1 that lead to disruption of mechanical sensing mechanisms implicate ARIH1 in aortic and cerebrovascular disease.
###
Other contributors include Callie S. Kwartler, Ellen S. Regalado and Dong-Chuan Guo with the University of Texas Health Science Center at Houston McGovern Medical School, Pei-Tseng Lee, Sonal Nagarkar-Jaiswal, Lita Duraine, Michael F. Wangler and Guang Lin with Baylor College of Medicine, Michael Bamshad and Deborah A. Nickerson with University of Washington.
This work was supported in part by NIH grants R24OD022005 and R01GM067858, the National Heart, Lung and Blood Institute (R01HL109942 and P01HL110869), the John Ritter Foundation, and the Henrietta B. and Frederick H. Bugher Foundation. Sequencing was provided by the University of Washington Center for Mendelian Genomics (UW-CMG) and was funded by the National Human Genome Research Institute and the National Heart, Lung and Blood Institute grantUM1HG006493. Microscopy at Baylor College of Medicine is supported by IDDRC (U54 HD083092) from the Eunice Kennedy Shriver National Institute of Child Health and Human Development.
Wayne Gallman bent down to pick something up off the floor in front of their locker this week, and when they turned around they were startled to find a group of about 20 reporters with microphones and cameras pointed in their direction.
“Oh, wow,” they said at the crowd.
This is what happens when you go from an inactive rookie who plays mostly on the scout team for the first three weeks of the season to one of the few bright spots the Giants' running game has experienced in the last few years during the course of one game. One half of a game, really.
Gallman saw their first NFL action last Sunday against the Bucs in Tampa and ran for 42 yards on 11 carries while catching two passes out of the backfield, one of them for a touchdown. Given the lack of production by the other running backs on the team and the injuries at the position, it was a performance that, although far from spellbinding, should propel Gallman from the bottom of the depth chart to close to the top.
“He showed it wasn't too big for him,” coach Ben McAdoo said of Gallman's debut. “You saw the energy that Gallman brought to the game . . . Wayne's a young player who plays fast. I think you saw the speed when they jumped onto the field. They have electricity in their game. He's a talented, young player.”
Other than all of that — the media attention and the praise from the head coach and the likely-to-be-increased role in the game plan on Sunday against the Chargers — life hasn't changed all that much for Gallman.
“It's been pretty laid back,” they said. “Trying to just be a homebody and get prepared for my day at practice.”
advertisement | advertise on newsday
He's been like that for a while.
“Very much the same,” Giants second-year linebacker B.J. Goodson, who played at Clemson with Gallman, said of the running back's lack of off-the-field distractions in college. “Not much has changed.”
“Wayne's personality is very focused,” said their girlfriend, Alexis Carter, who is a senior and the starting point guard for the Clemson women's basketball team. “He is just really a grinder who wants to focus on the task in front of him, learn as much as they can at this next level and get out there and do a great job.”
That's not exactly the kind of personality that many running backs have. They often tend to run hard both on and off the field. Gallman, who said they prefer to stay indoors and hang around at home, lacks that quality, even if they bristle when it is put in some terms.
“I didn't say I wasn't flashy,” they said. “I just like to chill. Guys want to step out I'll step out, but I'm not going to be the first to do it.”
NFL videos
“Wayne does come out of their shell but they take football very seriously,” Carter said. “Wayne is just a solid guy who is always going to be focused, and every time they step on the field they are ready to go.”
When it comes to that, playing football, Gallman has a little more pizzazz to him.
Goodson said they were not surprised by the spark they brought to the team. “His running style is just unique, it's different,” they said. “It kind of keeps you on your toes. It's different from other running backs. You don't know what their next move is going to be.”
“I knew I could help,” Gallman said of the running game. “I felt like I did what I was told to do. I know what I can do and I know what I can show. It's pretty natural.”
The Giants aren't going to hand the reigns to Gallman right away. They have other running backs. But starter Paul Perkins will not play against the Chargers because of a rib contusion so that leaves Gallman, Orleans Darkwa and Shane Vereen in the backfield. The three of them have combined for 142 rushing yards on 36 carries (3.9 average). Perkins, who had the majority of the touches in the first month, has 61 yards on 32 carries (1.9 average).
advertisement | advertise on newsday
“Each of those guys has a skillset they bring to the table and they all have to be ready,” offensive coordinator Mike Sullivan said. “We're counting on all of them to be ready.”
“Every player has a role,” McAdoo said. “They play their role going into game. If somebody gets hot, we'll ride him.”
Coming into this game, Gallman is the hottest hand the Giants have. The hottest they've had in a while.
MIAMI GARDENS, Fla. (AP) — Tom Brady was a mere mortal in Miami.
Again.
The five-time Super Bowl champion wins just about everywhere, just about every week. But games at Miami have been a struggle more times than not for the longtime New England star, and Monday night was yet another entry on that list. Brady was intercepted twice, probably should have had at least one other pass picked off, and the Patriots lost to the Dolphins 27-20 — denying New England a chance to clinch the AFC East.
Brady finished 24 of 43 for 233 yards and a touchdown. He's now 7-9 in their career when visiting the Dolphins, with a passer rating of under 90 in 10 of those 16 games.
Advertisement
Their rating Monday: 59.5, their lowest in a regular-season game since 2013.
“We've had a lot of good nights this year,” Brady said. “And this was a bad night.”
It wasn't all on him, not by a long shot.
The Patriots couldn't run the ball whatsoever, finishing with 10 yards on 25 carries — and that came after running for at least 191 yards in each of their last two games. New England had given up an average of 11.9 points in its last eight games; it gave up 27 to the Dolphins. And the Patriots, in the stat that might be most surprising, were a staggering 0 for 11 on their third-down chances.
The last time they were 0-for-anything on third downs? 1991, when Phoenix — that's what the Cardinals were called then — beat the Patriots.
“That was pretty bad,” Brady said. “Can't get any worse than that.”
The result was an end to the Patriots' 14-game road winning streak, hardly a great springboard into what's a short week before a showdown in Pittsburgh on Sunday that will likely go a long way toward deciding the top seed in the AFC playoffs.
“They did a good job tonight,” Patriots coach Bill Belichick said of the Dolphins, before the rest of their postgame availability became mostly a collage of short, mumbled answers. “They obviously did a better job than we did. We just weren't really good enough in any area, consistent enough in any area to win the game. We all need to do a better job and hopefully we'll be able to do that. This wasn't good enough tonight, across the board.”
Brady didn't have their first completion until the second quarter, after missing on their first four throws — one of which was intercepted. The Dolphins went after them all night, never letting them get into rhythm. With no running game and no Rob Gronkowski, serving a one-game suspension over an unnecessary hit they doled out last week, the Patriots needed Brady to be exceptional.
“I've got to throw the ball better,” Brady said. “That's where it starts.”
The Patriots being the Patriots, they nearly pulled off a comeback from a 27-10 third-quarter deficit anyway. Brady connected with James White for a 3-yard scoring throw early in the fourth, and the Patriots got to the Miami 1 in the final moments. But a pair of penalties pushed them back to the 16, and Stephen Gostowski's 33-yard field goal with 53 seconds left got New England within a touchdown.
That left an onside kick to decide matters. The low-percentage play didn't work, and Belichick was asked afterward what happened.
“They recovered it,” Belichick said, then shrugging.
On a night where the Patriots had few answers, at least that one was succinct.
“I wish we played better,” Brady said. “But we didn't.”
___
More AP NFL: http://pro32.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP_NFL
#Delhs Football Picks Week 2
Week 2 Delaware HS football rankings
St. Georges girl loves challenge of football
Conrad's Lennox Nembhard intercepts pass
St. E Herman Jones with TD reception
Sals' Carson Salvo with 71yd TD run
Mount's Vincent Smith takes Wallen pass into endzone
#Delhs Football Picks Week 1
Smyrna football preview
Woodbridge football preview
Middletown football preview
Glasgow football preview
Inside new Diamond State football conference
Salesianum football preview
Blue Hen Conference football changes
10 Delaware high school football games to watch
Do Delaware HS football players celebrate after TDs?
Knight commits to UD
High school football practice kicks off across Delaware
The Best of Brad Myers' Gridiron Caravan Tour
Brad Myers' annual Delaware high school football tour
Post 1 takes 19-game win streak to regionals
Henderson, Jones bond reflected in jersey number
Joe Archangelo named William Penn wrestling coach
Scholarships the end game for travel athletes
Gold dominates Blue 44-0 in all-star game
Delaware Sports Award winners
Delaware high school MVPs 2016-17
Delpercio cousins relish being all-star teammates
Delaware Sports Awards team state champions
Jon Dorenbos highlights second annual Delaware Sports Awards
Gold lineman Jackson Truitt
Matthews in Blue-Gold game
Athlete of the Week: Luke Rettig
Sally celebrates lax title
Milford 17, Delmar 9
Athlete of the Week: Arryana Daniels
Athlete of the Week: Paige Thomas
Buy Photo Sussex Centrals TyJhir Sheppard-Parker with the carry against Sussex Tech on Friday, Oct. 6, 2017 in Georgetown, Del. (Photo: Staff Photo by Megan Raymond)Buy Photo
GEORGETOWN – The Sussex Central defense did a lot of bending on Friday night.
But the Golden Knights only broke once, and that was enough to keep their unbeaten season intact.
Sussex Central stopped Sussex Tech 25 or fewer yards from the goal line four times – including once on a first-and-goal from the 1 – to hold on for a 14-6 home victory.
It was smashmouth football all night, with both teams trying to impose their wills in between the tackles. The teams combined to attempt just 15 passes, completing only four. But Central, ranked fourth in Division I, got the turnovers when it needed them to move to 5-0 overall, 2-0 in the Henlopen North.
More: Delaware high school football standings
More: Walker still apparent starter at QB for Hens but Caruso likely to also play at Stony Brook
KEY PLAYS: Sussex Central's Zion Reed made the two biggest plays, just 1:08 apart. The Ravens had first-and-goal at the 1, only to see Reed recover a fumble at the 3. Three plays later, the junior halfback scampered 64 yards for a touchdown that pushed the Knights' lead to 14-6 with 6:53 left in the third quarter.
OFFENSIVE GAME BALLS: The Central offensive line of Jake Brewington, Gabriel Brown, William Perkins, Tyler Bunting and Hiram Lasher and tight end Brian Evans paved the way for Reed's big run, and helped the Knights rush for 256 yards on 34 carries. Fullback Jamiles Small carried 20 times for 99 yards for Sussex Tech.
DEFENSIVE GAME BALLS: Plenty to go around for the Knights, who also foiled a fake field goal attempt from the 10 in the first quarter. Isaac Barnes and Isaiah Barnes combined to stop the Ravens on fourth-and-2 from the 22 early in the fourth quarter, and Isaiah Barnes intercepted a pass in the end zone on fourth-and-7 from the 25 with 2:05 remaining.
THEY SAID IT: Reed, who finished with 74 yards on just six carries, broke two tackles and could feel the defense chasing them on their big run.
“We just kept fighting the whole game. That was it,” Reed said. “I couldn't do it without the line, just blocking hard. They gave me a touchdown block.”
Central coach John Wells was concerned with Tech's size advantage, but their inexperienced lines held up well.
“They match us well,” Wells said. “They got a huge line on both sides of the ball, and that's where we've got some young guys. So I thought the matchup was going to be tight… Our guys held. Great high school game to come and watch between two rival teams. I think the crowd is going to leave pretty happy with the effort from both teams.”
UP NEXT: Central travels to No. 2-ranked Smyrna for a huge conference matchup at 7 p.m. next Friday. Tech (2-3, 0-1) will play host to Dover at 7 p.m. next Friday.
Contact Brad Myers at bmyers@delawareonline.com. Follow-on Twitter: @BradMyersTNJ
We previously reported the news of Scott Morrill and Adam Stroul of Cervantes' Masterpiece Ballroom joining the talent buying team of AEG Presents Rocky Mountains, a move that brings the two mega companies together while keeping Cervantes an independent entity (get caught up here). For the majority of consumers who attend shows at various venues around the city, the nuts and bolts of this kind of deal isn't immediately clear. After all, AEG and Cervantes have collaborated on shows in the past, bringing artists to Red Rocks, Fiddler's Green, 1stBank Center and a handful of others.
Now, with Scott Morrill and Adam Stroul officially joining the talent buying team at AEG, these partnerships are official and will open the doors for more shows, bigger artists and the elimination of competition between the two agencies. Cervantes' Masterpiece will remain an independently run venue, continuing to book artists relative its consumers, while Morrill and Stroul will book shows at all AEG venues.
We caught up with the talent buyers to dig a bit into the merger and find out what it means exactly for the Colorado music scene.
303 Magazines: The collaborative relationship between AEG and Cervantes isn't an entirely new model, as the entities already work together often. What exactly does this merger mean?
Scott Morill: Well, just in the past couple years we have been doing a few shows together as co-productions but this deal will allow Adam and myself to talent buy in all the AEG venues including Ogden, Bluebird, Gothic, 1stBank Center, Fiddler's Green, Red Rocks and beyond while keeping Cervantes an independently owned venue.
Adam Stroul: Yes, we have done a handful of shows together at Red Rocks and Ogden, etc, as Scott said. We eliminate the aspect of competition and get to book shows at all AEG venues, Red Rocks and others.
303: What does this expansion mean for the market of shows coming through Denver?
SM: Now we will be able to decide what band is most appropriate for each venue as they grow in the Denver music scene. Each room has its own identity and certain genres tend to do better in each particular venue so we will be very cognizant of that to help the bands ability to grow efficiently in the market.
303: Cervantes and The Aggie are staying independent. Adam, will you continue to book shows at both venues and for AEG? And does this mean AEG might present shows at either of those venues?
SM: Yes that is what is so great about this deal is that we get to continue to book shows at both Cervantes' and the Aggie as independent promoters while having access to AEG's larger venues to put bands into when they are ready.
AS: Yup, we'll continue to book our rooms as well as AEG rooms, Red Rocks, etc. The other buyers at AEG are welcome to do whatever they'd like to do at Cervantes and the Aggie.
303: For the average person who isn't immersed in nightlife, explain how this collaboration works in the interest of a standard concert-goer.
SM: There won't be a noticeable change for the standard concert-goer that I can tell except hopefully Adam and I will be able to make some creative shows happen for the fans!
303: How does this change for Cervantes, or does it change anything at all?
SM: Cervantes' is a great building room because the fans love going there and we have regular customers who come regardless of who is playing. We will now get even more up and coming bands who we are trying to build that may have previously gone to different rooms. Cervantes' will also get the chance to have some more underplays where we could have a band that is about a play a big venue like Red Rocks do an intimate show at Cervantes for a special experience for their fans.
303: There's always this talk of a “pipeline” in the city. For example, Curren$y does multiple shows at Cervantes to massive crowds who have come to know them in that particular room. Does this merger mean artists like Curren$y will have the opportunity to play venues like The Ogden without the ‘politics' of competing with another talent buyer who doesn't' have a history with the artist?
AS: I'd say yes. You now have the opportunity for your artists to play bigger rooms and hold onto the history as you grow them to the top.
303: Does this “merger,” so to speak, also mean there are opportunities for smaller bands to play the Cervantes Ballroom circuit (Fort Collins and Colorado Springs as well), build a fan base and then play bigger rooms like The Ogden?
SM: Yes that is exactly the goal. We want to find the next Red Rocks headliner before anyone knows who they are and grow them from the smaller rooms like The Bluebird, Globe Hall, The Other Side and Cervantes' Masterpiece into the bigger venues and build a plan for them to grow their fan base as big as possible and sustain that fan base.
“Arise and take our stand for freedom as in the olden time.” Winston Churchill
“Proclaim Liberty throughout All the land unto All the Inhabitants Thereof.” Inscription on the Liberty Bell
Initial reports state that a ‘vagrant' lives in the area near 15th Avenue NE in Salmon Arm.
Firefighters responded to reports of a small fire in the bush near the 2700 block of 15th Ave. NE on Friday, Oct. 6. Image credit: Jim Elliot/Salmon Arm Observer.
Update 12:40 p.m.
Fire crews and police leave a wooded area in the vicinity of 2751 15th Ave. NE just after 12:30 p.m. on Friday, Oct. 6, after dealing with the report of a small bush fire there.
The fire was reported extinguished, but crews stayed on scene in hopes of finding the person who had been living in the area. The camp was reported cleared by emergency crews.
Fire officials stated this is not the first time a small fire has been reported in the vicinity.
Original story
Just after noon on Friday, the Salmon Arm Fire Department and Salmon Arm RCMP were called to a bush fire in the vicinity of 2751 15th Ave. NE.
The fire department was called initially, requesting the help of police because it was not the first time for a fire in that vicinity.
The presence of a ‘vagrant' in that area was noted.
Firefighters discovered a small fire in the bush. Crews are on scene. Updates to follow.
Mogadishu: A suicide car bombing and assault by Shabaab militants on two neighbouring restaurants in Somalia's capital Mogadishu ended on Thursday morning with 18 dead, a government spokesperson said.
"The operation is over now and the gunmen were killed by the security forces," said Mohamed Ahmed Arab, spokesperson for Somalia's security ministry.
"They have attacked business places and killed innocent civilians: 18 civilians were killed, including a Syrian national, and more than 10 others were wounded," they said.
The attack began at around 8pm (17.00GMT) on Wednesday evening with a suicide car bombing at the Post Treats restaurant and club, after which gunmen stormed inside the nearby Pizza House restaurant.
Both venues are popular with affluent, young and diaspora Somalis and were busy as customers broke the Ramadan fast.
The gunmen spent the night roaming the restaurant killing those they found trapped before they were eventually killed by the security forces.
Make it easy on yourself to illustrate complex concepts.
Draw faster with powerful auto-snap and intelligent tools. Export to high-quality PDF and SVG.
No subscription. No monthly payments.
Download Now
Kurt Erickson of Rush City passed away Monday, August 7, 2017 at their home northwest of Rush City at the age of 50.
Kurt Jeffrey Erickson was born June 1, 1967 to John and Evelyn (Carlson) Erickson in Superior, Wisconsin.
Kurt grew up in Rush City where they attended school and graduated. Their early working years were spent with McDonald Distributing and then moved to a roofing company in the cities. Their last years were spent working for friends in the area. Kurt loved fishing and hunting and spent many free hours on the lake or in the woods. They were a loving “handy man” for their mom Evelyn whenever they needed help around the house. They will be missed by all who knew them and we pray God will welcome them home.
Kurt is survived by their mother Evelyn Erickson of Rush City and many relatives and friends.
 They are preceded in death by their father John Ollie Erickson on July 20, 2007.
Pastor Glen Bickford will officiate at funeral services for Kurt at 2 p.m. on Tuesday, August 15 with a gathering of family and friends one hour prior to the service all at the Olson Chapel in Rush City. The interment will take place at the First Lutheran Cemetery in Rush City.
Memorials are preferred to the family.
Funeral arrangements for are entrusted to the: Funeral and Cremation Service of Rush City ~ Olson Chapel. www.FuneralAndCremationService.com
Mayflies swarm gas station in Slidell Submitted video from Sandy McCormick shows a swarm of mayflies at a gas station in Slidell, La. McCormick said "usually they are just on the ground and when you drive over them they make a "mayfly dust cloud" behind the car. " Sandy McCormick jcfitzhugh@sunherald.com ×
crossOrigin="anonymous" SHARE COPY LINK Submitted video from Sandy McCormick shows a swarm of mayflies at a gas station in Slidell, La. McCormick said "usually they are just on the ground and when you drive over them they make a "mayfly dust cloud" behind the car. " Sandy McCormick jcfitzhugh@sunherald.com
© Zoltan Okolicsanyi / Global Look Press
Formula 1 has decided to end its tradition of using 'grid girls', saying it was at odds with modern "societal norms." However, some of the women are now protesting on social media, saying their role was grossly misrepresented.F1 announced the demise of the tradition in a short statement on Wednesday. "While the practice of employing grid girls has been a staple of Formula 1 Grands Prix for decades, we feel this custom does not resonate with our brand values and clearly is at odds with modern day societal norms. We don't believe the practice is appropriate or relevant to Formula 1 and its fans, old and new, across the world," said Sean Bratches, managing director of commercial operations.The possibility of an F1 change of policy was announced in December.Now some women, whose current or past jobs have apparently been scrapped amid the broader heated debate over workspace sexual harassment, are venting their anger on social media. They say they have become victims of a misplaced eagerness to defend women's rights.
Barcelona seized on the second-half dismissal of Dani Raba to beat Villarreal 2-0 and restore their five-point lead at the top of LaLiga on Sunday night.
Ernesto Valverde's men had struggled to break down their opponents at the Estadio de la Ceramica until Raba's dismissal on the hour for a foul on Sergio Busquets changed the course of the game.
Luis Suarez gave the visitors a 72nd-minute lead and Lionel Messi turned on the style with a brilliant second goal seven minutes from time to seal the points for the title favourites.
Chinese farmers will plant less corn this season, resulting in the smallest crop in six years, as the world's top grains producer seeks to whittle down its huge glut of the grain and boost production of soybeans, according to a Reuters poll.
During the spring planting season that starts in April, growers will cut their corn acreage for a second straight year to 35.2 million hectares, according to the median of estimates from four responses to the poll. That is 4.1 percent lower than the 36.7 million hectares that China's National Bureau of Statistics (NBS) reported planted during the last crop year.
The lower acreage will result in corn output dropping to 207.5 million tonnes in the 2017/18 crop year that ends in September. That would be 5.5 percent lower than the 219.6 million tonnes produced in the 2016/17 season, according to the NBS, and the lowest since the 2012 season.
At the same time, China's soybean output will edge higher to 13.5 million tonnes on 7.6 million hectares for this crop year, according to the survey. The output would be 2.9 percent higher than the 13.1 million tonnes produced last year, according to data from the China National Grain and Oils Information Center (CNGOIC)
The shift toward rising soybean output and falling corn production reflects Beijing's stated goal of reducing corn growing to cut its bloated stockpiles.
China is sitting on close to 250 million tonnes of corn, equal to more than a year of consumption – a legacy of its almost decade-long stockpiling system. The glut prompted Beijing to cut corn planting areas and raising soybean planting in a five-year government plan issued last year.
The Reuters survey results were in line with an NBS plantings poll released on Monday.
The NBS said planned corn acreage will drop 4 percent, while soybean acreage will climb 8.1 percent.
NBS did not give estimates for output in 2017/18.
Analysts at four companies responded to the Reuters survey on corn output and acreage, including JCI Intelligence Co. Ltd, Shengda Futures Co. Ltd, COFCO Futures, and Shanghai Zhongqi Futures.
For the soybean survey, Beijing Orient Agri-business Consultants, JCI, COFCO and Zhongqi responded.
A high-speed pursuit that began in San Bernardino ended with the driver going the wrong way on the 210 Freeway and colliding with a sheriff's patrol vehicle, a crash that left a deputy with minor injuries and the suspect arrested, authorities said Tuesday
The chase began at 7:33 p.m. Friday when deputies tried to make a traffic stop at Victoria Avenue and Lynwood Drive in San Bernardino for a 2008 black Ford Focus they said was driven by Adrubal Pimentel, 29 of Fontana.
Pimentel fled and was pursued at speeds over 100 mph, a San Bernardino County sheriff's news release said. They entered the 210 Freeway westbound, then made a U-turn and headed east against traffic. There was a collision with a sheriff's patrol vehicle, and Pimentel fled on foot.
They were detained a short distance from their car. Court records showed they pleaded not guilty Tuesday to felony charges of evading an officer causing injury and DUI causing injury. They remained in custody at the Adelanto Detention Center, jail records showed.
The deputy in the car that was struck in the collision had minor injuries, was taken to a hospital and is at home recovering. Pimentel suffered minor injuries and was taken to a hospital as a precaution, the release said.
The investigation is active and detectives ask for anyone who saw the pursuit and collision to contact Detective Tebbetts at 909-387-3589. Anonymous calls can be made to the We-Tip Hotline at 1-800-782-7463) or www.wetip.com.
Want more videos like this?
Every day we send an email with the top videos from Digg.
Speech to Text for A Heat advisory is in effect for the entire News 10 viewing area.
Below is the closed-captioning text associated with this video. Since this uses automated speech to text spelling and grammar may not be accurate.
Independence Day: Partly sunny. Dangerously hot air, with a heat advisory in effect. A few pop-up storms are possible. High: 93° Feels Like: 104° Wednesday night: Partly cloudy, very warm and muggy. Low: 74° Thursday: Danger heat continues. Scattered showers possible. High: 94° Detailed Forecast: Happy Birthday America!!! A Heat advisory is in effect for the entire News 10 viewing area. Afternoon temperatures will reach the 90s and feels like temperatures will top triple digits for several hours. We know many of you are planning on being outside today; take your time, find shade and drink lots of water. A few afternoon showers are possible but most of the activity should come to an end before you plan to set off your fireworks.
Cleveland Indians' Francisco Lindor reacts after hitting a grand slam off New York Yankees relief pitcher Chad Green during the sixth inning of Game 2 of a baseball American League Division Series, Friday, Oct. 6, 2017, in Cleveland. Phil Long AP Photo
SAN FRANCISCO — A UPS employee opened fire at a San Francisco package delivery facility on Wednesday, injuring four and prompting a massive police response in a neighborhood near downtown, officials said.
UPS spokesperson Steve Gaut told The Associated Press that an employee fired inside the facility before the drivers were sent out to do their normal daily deliveries. Gaut said four people were injured and that they believed the shooter “turned the gun on himself.”
Gaut and hospital officials did not have immediate information about anyone's condition.
Zuckerberg San Francisco General Hospital received the victims, spokesperson Brent Andrew said, but they did not know exactly how many people.
Auto shop owner Robert Kim said they heard about five to eight rapid gunshots. The next thing they knew, they said, “a mob of UPS drivers” was running down the street screaming “shooter, shooter.”
Police confirmed the shooting at the facility in the Potrero Hill neighborhood, about 2 ½ miles from downtown San Francisco but didn't release further information.
Uniformed UPS employees were later led out in a line by officers next to a highway. They walked away calmly with emergency vehicles nearby and gathered nearby outside a restaurant.
The shooting led to a massive police response and a shelter-in-place warning for the surrounding area.
It came the same day a gunman opened fire on Republican lawmakers at a congressional baseball practice, wounding U.S. Rep. Steve Scalise of Louisiana and several others.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Cambridge has been hailed as an “excellent” city for working mums, despite new figures showing men on average earn 21 per cent more than women in the area.
Data released by the Office for National Statistics (ONS) shows being male in the city could net you an extra £2.90 an hour. The figures show men living in Cambridge earn the equivalent of £16.40 an hour, on average, while women make just £13.50.
The gender gap in wages is slightly better in Cambridge than it is nationally. Across the UK, men earn an hourly wage of £13.46 while women earn £10.94 - a difference of 23 per cent.
Claire Ruskin, CEO of Cambridge Network, said the difference was striking, but noted that there were other factors behind the disparity, saying many women chose to earn less with part-time jobs because of the flexibility they offer.
They said: “That is a striking difference. In my career, I have never seen any discrimination between men and women but, at a certain age, women often want the flexibility to do other things.”
The ONS statistics reveal that, in Cambridge, 90 per cent of working men have full-time jobs, while 34 per cent of women in the city work part-time.
Emma Fletcher, managing director of land developer Smithson Hill, said Cambridge was actually a great place for working mums to balance careers and family life, with the compact city and vibrant jobs market allowing people to negotiate more flexible working conditions, often opting for lower pay in favour of greater flexibility.
They said: “Cambridge is a great place to be a working mum. It is not like being in London where it's difficult to get around and be there all the time.
“I am not one for gender bashing, but Cambridge is a great place to balance work and family. You can leave home and get back again in plenty of time.
“Genuinely, I think one reason for the gap is people can get more flexibility. Are men better at negotiating pay? I don't know, but quality of life for professionals is important. I do think women don't always fight their own corner or have such a belief in their own abilities.
“On the whole, they accept a salary if they think it is fair. It was my husband who told me I should never accept the first offer when talking about salaries.
“You never know what everyone else is getting. I think women in Cambridge like to think they are in a progressive city, but maybe a secret look at people's salaries reveals the truth.
“Cambridge is very compact, like a village, and there is an excellent jobs market. For people with skills, employers may allow a more flexible arrangement. Women in Cambridge are bright and you will have a great career in the city, but flexibility is of far more importance than working all the hours there are.”
Asked whether women were less aggressive about negotiating pay than their male counterparts, Mrs Ruskin said there may have been some truth in this in the past, but that things were changing fast.
“I think it is a researched phenomenon,” they said. “But it is changing fast. The next generation of women coming through will ask for pay rises. It is still a gross generalisation to say all men are more aggressive.”
One month from today, KDE Plasma 5.9 will officially meet the world.Among the work on the menu for Plasma 5.9 are many Wayland improvements , possibly the return of the global menu , and a lot of bug fixes. The Wayland improvements are the main area I am looking forward to with Plasma 5.9 with seeing it become a more usable alternative to X11 and closer to GNOME's Wayland session support.The schedule puts the feature freeze and beta release on 12 January while the official release is expected for 31 January.There's also been a few posts by KDE developers about 5.9 development activity. This new post by Aleix Pol about the Discover program, which will now automatically imports all knsrc files, make use of Kirigami 2, keyboard navigation improvements, and Snappy support. Yep, a Snap back-end is coming to this KDE component but won't be included by default since it doesn't yet properly support AppStream.Martin Gräßlin also recently wrote about input support and for 5.9 seeing a touchpad KCM for Wayland, expanded KWin Wayland protocol support (including pointer confinement -- important for gamers), Wayland touchpad gestures, and more.Stay tuned for more details on KDE Plasma 5.9 in January.
U.S. Marine Corps Lance Cpl. Ryan Ashe, left, an assistant breacher, and Lance Cpl. Leon Smith, a primary breacher with the Provost Marshal's Office special reaction team, demonstrate room clearing techniques during active-shooter training at Marine Corps Air Station Iwakuni, Japan, Feb. 13, 2017. With assistance from the special reaction team, the Marines sharpened their skills by practicing proper room clearing techniques and how to correctly secure a building. Marines practiced the procedures in small groups prior to conducting a simulated active-shooter situation. (U.S. Marine Corps photo by Cpl. Aaron Henson)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 02.13.2017 Date Posted: 02.14.2017 19:19 Photo ID: 3165392 VIRIN: 170213-M-RP664-0085 Resolution: 5760x3840 Size: 11.98 MB Location: MARINE CORPS AIR STATION IWAKUNI, YAMAGUCHI, JP Web Views: 1 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, Provost Marshal's Office active shooter training [Image 1 of 6], by Cpl Aaron Henson, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
New Delhi: The Supreme Court on Monday said it will hear on August 17 the bail plea of 2008 Malegaon bomb blast accused Lt Col Prasad Shrikant Purohit as also another plea that challenged bail to co-accused Sadhvi Pragya Singh Thakur.
A bench of Justice R.K. Agrawal and Justice Mohan M. Shantanagoudar directed for listing of the matter on August 17 while observing that both matters were based on similar facts and required detailed hearing.
While Purohit has moved the top court to challenge rejection of their bail plea by the Bombay High Court, Nisar Ahmed Haji Sayed Bilal has sought cancellation of bail granted to Pragya Singh Thakur.
Bilal, father of one of the blast victims, contended that Pragya Singh Thakur was a powerful person and could influence witnesses.
The top court had on May 5 sought the Maharashtra government's response on Purohit's plea.
The High Court by its April 25 order had granted bail to Pragya Singh Thakur but rejected Purohit's bail application.
At least six persons were killed in the blast in Malegaon, a Muslim-dominated powerloom town in Nashik district, on September 29, 2008.
The investigating agencies had earlier allegedly attributed the blast to right-wing group Abhinav Bharat.
Eleven accused, including Pragya Singh Thakur and Purohit, were arrested.
The National Investigation Agency, which probed the case, gave a clean chit to Pragya Singh Thakur but said charges against Purohit were serious.
The NIA had contended that there was evidence to point to the involvement of Purohit in the case.
If Michael Flynn, President Trump's former national security adviser, was trying to reassure the Russian ambassador about sanctions leveled by the Obama administration, then they may have broken the law.
That law is the Logan Act. It's gotten a lot of attention recently and is at the center of the scandal surrounding Flynn, who resigned Monday night after multiple reports were published noting that Flynn misled the vice president and others in the administration. Flynn categorically denied to Mike Pence, then vice president-elect, last month that they did not discuss the sanctions.
That has turned out to be not true. And Pence unwittingly repeated the falsehood on Sunday shows. White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer said Tuesday that Trump asked for Flynn's resignation because of an "eroding level of trust." They reiterated that it was not a "legal issue, but a trust issue."
"There was nothing wrong or inappropriate about those discussions," Spicer contended.
But without the release of the transcript of the phone call, which exists, between Flynn and the Russian ambassador, there's no way to know if there isn't a legal issue.
So what is the Logan Act, has it ever been prosecuted and could Flynn be susceptible?
First, what is it?
The Logan Act states, in part:
"Any citizen of the United States, wherever they may be, who, without authority of the United States, directly or indirectly commences or carries on any correspondence or intercourse with any foreign government or any officer or agent thereof, with intent to influence the measures or conduct of any foreign government or of any officer or agent thereof, in relation to any disputes or controversies with the United States, or to defeat the measures of the United States, shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than three years, or both."
Let's break that down. This is saying that no private person can try to conduct foreign policy without the permission of the U.S. government. Specifically, that person isn't allowed to talk with a foreign government or their representative and try to influence foreign policy.
When was it put in place and why?
It's named for Dr. George Logan, a Republican lawmaker from Pennsylvania, who traveled to France in 1798 and negotiated a lifting of an embargo and the release of American sailors held captive in French prisons. They did so without the permission of President Adams, though, they were a friend of then-Vice President Thomas Jefferson.
It was after the French Revolution, and the United States didn't help France because of a treaty with England. The French were upset and began robbing passing American ships and jailing its sailors. Official Adams administration envoys tried unsuccessfully to settle the unrest with France — and the country appeared tumbling toward war with France.
That's when Logan, a Quaker, embarked on their effort. They succeeded, but when they got back to the U.S., Adams, Washington and others were furious. Congress then acted to bar actions like Logan's from taking place again.
Has anyone ever been prosecuted?
No, but plenty of people have been mentioned in relation to it and at least one was indicted.
The indictment was way back in 1803, four years after the law was put in place. An anonymous column ran in a Kentucky newspaper arguing for "A Western America" allied with France. The U.S. Attorney for Kentucky was an Adams ally and got a grand jury to indict Francis Flournoy, a farmer, who actually wrote the column. But it never went to trial. Later that year, the Louisiana Purchase, which expanded the U.S. west, made it moot.
Various courts have mentioned the Logan Act, as the Congressional Research Service points out, but it has mostly been used as a weapon to try and shame political opponents. For example, in the 1980s, there was former House Speaker Jim Wright's relationship with the Sandinista government in Nicaragua and Jesse Jackson negotiating in Syria and Cuba for prisoner releases.
"That is the law of the land," a frustrated President Ronald Reagan said in an interview in 1984 of the Logan Act and Jackson's efforts, adding, "We are not going to take legal action, but I do feel that while in this instance they were successful, there were things that make you pause and think."
During the Bush administration, House Speaker Nancy Pelosi took a trip to Syria and talked about improving U.S.-Syria relations with that government, irritating the Bush administration. Former President Jimmy Carter also traveled to Syria in 2008 to meet with Hamas about Mid-East peace. As recently as 2015, the act was mentioned again when 47 Republican U.S. senators wrote a letter to Iran downplaying the nuclear deal.
And Syria again raised the potential of a Logan Act violation when Democratic Rep. Tulsi Gabbard of Hawaii met with Syrian leader Bashar al-Assad last month before President Trump took office.
"I wanted to see if there was, in some small way, a way that I could express the love and the Aloha and the care that the American people have for the people of Syria," they told CNN.
The Obama administration's official position as regime change in Syria.
Could Flynn be susceptible?
Had Flynn, in any way, reassured the Russian ambassador in their phone conversations or texts that the incoming Trump administration would loosen or drop the sanctions Obama put in place, that could potentially be a violation
As noted above, there is a transcript. The White House is confident Flynn didn't say anything that could have violated the law. Of course, that could be open to interpretation. It would be up to the Jeff Sessions' Justice Department to review the transcript and bring a case, if it saw fit. That is seen as unlikely.
But there are other ways in which Flynn could be at risk.
Republicans on the Senate Intelligence Tuesday said it's possible that Flynn will be called to testify under oath. More could become known about the specifics of the call before then. And the New York Times reports Tuesday evening that the FBI questioned Flynn in the early days of the Trump presidency about their conversations. And investigators believe Flynn "was not entirely forthcoming":
"That raises the stakes of what so far has been a political scandal that cost Mr. Flynn their job. If the authorities conclude that Mr. Flynn knowingly lied to the F.B.I., it could expose them to a felony charge."
Akshay Kumar's Padman is pumping up the buzz for the film with each poster coming out. The makers have released another poster featuring the Padman themselves and it's as fresh as the new fallen snow.
Appreciating the efforts by the makers, each poster is sharply presented building up the theme of the film. Inspired by the life of Coimbatore-based Arunachalam Muruganantham, Padman has an unconventional superhero in Akshay Kumar. This guy finds a way to make affordable sanitary napkins for women in their village.
The new poster has Akshay Kumar holding a pad standing in a posh office. The window behind them giving the glances of beautiful skyscrapers could be a metaphorical approach towards how this man achieved the heights of success. Akshay is seen wearing sharp formals with their trademark smile.
R. Balki recently refused to describe PadMan as a social or message-based film.
“His (Muruganantham's) life itself is equal to Sholay. It is as entertaining as the biggest masala entertainers… And when you have a life that is so entertaining, why do I need to add entertainment,” asked Balki, who shot the film in rustic settings in Indore.
Trending
They stressed that cinema should never be preachy.
Balki, who has had a long and fulfilling career in the field of advertising, started their journey as a feature film man with Cheeni Kum — about a romance between a 64-year-old man and a 34-year-old woman. They followed it up with Paa, a heart-warming father-son relationship tale in which the son suffers progeria.
Padman which was first supposed to release on 13th April was preponed as the big fish Rajinikanth's 2.0 was delayed. Padman, then, was announced as an Independence Day release.
The film has been written and directed by R. Baki.
According to a new market report published by Credence Research “Web Content Filtering Market (Business Organizations, Schools and Institutions, Government and Federal Agencies, and Other End-users (Personal Laptops, Mobile Phones) – Growth, Share, Opportunities, Competitive Analysis, and Forecast 2015 – 2022”, the web content filtering market is witnessing healthy growth on account of the growing demand from business organizations, federal agencies, schools, and institutions.
Browse the full Web Content Filtering (Business Organizations, Schools and Institutions, Government and Federal Agencies, and Other End-users (Personal Laptops, Mobile Phones) Market – Growth, Share, Opportunities, Competitive Analysis, and Forecast 2015 – 2022 report at http://www.credenceresearch.com/report/web-content-filtering-market
While the proliferation of the Internet has introduced several benefits for both individuals and businesses, it has also brought fair number of challenges and threats along with it. The growing penetration of the Internet has increased perils posed by malware, spam, spoofing, phishing, spyware, unauthorized data breaches, and identity thefts among others. As a result, cybersecurity solutions including web content filters have been witnessing considerable growth in demand among corporate users. The prevailing trend of Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) at workplace and vulnerability to security perils and cyberattacks are driving deployment of end-point content filters.
On the other hand, business organizations face daunting challenge to manage the Internet usage and maintain employee productivity at workplace. The access to video on demand (VOD) websites such as iTunes, YouTube, Hulu, and Vudu among others is expected to result in higher data consumption, putting strain on the Internet connection. When employees have unlimited access to such luring content on the Internet, the dedicated network capacity becomes consumed by non-business related work.
In addition, escalating penetration of social networking sites such as Facebook and Twitter coupled with the proliferation of Web 2.0 applications have made it rather simple for cyber criminals to get easy access to business servers, connected endpoints, and thereby spread malware and malicious content over enterprise networks. Web content filters allow business organizations to keep track of the websites accessed, highlighting need for investigation in case of personal browsing and increased web traffic. Thus, growing need for the optimum use of the dedicated network bandwidth has fuelled adoption of web content filtering solutions across corporate users.
Browse All Reports of This Category @ http://www.credenceresearch.com/industry/it-and-telecom-market
Some of the leading and promising players in the web content filtering market include Websense, Inc. (the U.S.), Blue Coat, Inc. (the U.S.), McAfee, Inc. (Intel) (the U.S.), Cisco Systems, Inc (the U.S.), Symantec Corporation (the U.S.), and Trend Micro (Japan), ContentKeeper Technologies (Australia), Barracuda Networks, Inc (the U.S.), Palo Alto Networks, Inc. (the U.S.), Bloxx, Ltd. (the U.K.), Zscaler, Inc. (the U.S.), and Kaspersky Lab (Russia).
About Us:
Credence Research is a worldwide market research and counseling firm that serves driving organizations, governments, non-legislative associations, and not-for-benefits. We offer our customers some assistance with making enduring enhancements to their execution and understand their most imperative objectives. Over almost a century, we've manufactured a firm extraordinarily prepared to this task.
Who we are
Credence Research is a worldwide firm, containing more than 15 research consultants and almost 100 research and information professionals.
Our customers mirror our worldwide nature. Around 45% are in Europe, 30% in the Americas, 13% in Asia Pacific and 12% in the Middle East and Africa.
Our firm is intended to work as one. We are a solitary global research organization united by a solid arrangement of qualities, concentrated on customer effect.
What we do
We serve customers at each level of their organization, in whatever limit we can be most helpful, whether as a trusted counsel to top management or as a hands-on mentor for forefront representatives. For each engagement, we collect a group with the most suitable experience and ability.
No matter the challenge, we concentrate on delivering functional and persevering results, and preparing our customers to develop and lead. We join forces with customers to place suggestions into practice. Our research specialist work straightforwardly with customers over long stretches to create workforce aptitudes, drive operational change, and apply new working strategies.
Media Contact
Name: Chris Smith (Global Sales Manager)
Address: 105 N 1st ST #429, SAN JOSE, CA 95103 US
E-mail: sales@credenceresearch.com
Ph: +1-800-361-8290
YOLA, Nigeria (AP) — It may take years to find all the Chibok schoolgirls kidnapped by the Nigeria-based Islamic extremist group Boko Haram, the country's defense minister warned Tuesday.
Boko Haram kidnapped 276 schoolgirls from a secondary school in the northeastern town of Chibok in April 2014. Some escaped and 21 were released last year after negotiations with Boko Haram, but 195 remain missing.
Nigeria's military is searching Boko Haram's hideouts in the Sambisa Forest, a vast area covering parts of three states in the northeast, Gen. Manir Dan Ali told Voice of America's Hausa language service.
They said even the United States needed a long time to find Osama bin Laden, the mastermind of the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks.
Advertisement
“It took the U.S. up to seven, eight, up to 10 years before they could get to bin Laden,” they said. “We are continuing our campaigning in the Sambisa Forest in all its nooks and corners.”
Ali spoke after Nigerians last week marked the third anniversary of the schoolgirls' abduction.
In 2014, Boko Haram had seized control of much of northeastern Nigeria but it has been driven back by a military campaign.
Failure to find the girls would translate into a victory for Boko Haram, said Sheikh Nuru Khalid, a member of a group that tries to encourage peace between Nigerian Muslims and Christians.
“We can never allow the terrorists to win the war. If they got (away) free with those girls, then they have relatively won the war,” they said.
The government needs to address the psychological trauma suffered by victims of Boko Haram, human rights lawyer Abdu Bulama Bukar told VOA.
“Married women have been made single again. Kids have been orphaned. Homeowners are without shelter,” they said. “Nigerians have been turned into refugees in their own homeland.”
San Francisco: At least four people were killed, including the suspected gunman, when a disgruntled United Parcel Service Inc employee opened fire at a company facility in San Francisco, two local TV news stations reported.
After firing on co-workers, the suspect turned a gun on themselves when confronted by police, according to NBC Bay Area and ABC 7. They later died at an area hospital, they said, citing law enforcement sources.
San Francisco police said the building was secure but offered no immediate information on victims.
Live video showed a massive police presence near the facility that employs 350, with employees being led out and embracing each other on the sidewalk outside.
"UPS confirms there was an incident involving employees within the company's facility in San Francisco earlier this morning," the company said in a statement.
"Local law enforcement have control of the facility and are conducting an investigation. We cannot provide information as to the identity of persons involved at this time, pending the police investigation," the statement said.
Victims were taken to the Priscilla Chan and Mark Zuckerberg San Francisco General Hospital, spokesperson Brent Andrew said. They said they could not say how many patients were taken to the hospital or give their conditions.
A RARE Nicklin Way site is being offered to the market through commercial property specialists Colliers International.
The site, located at 705-711 Nicklin Way, has a dominant 73-metre frontage to the busy Nicklin Way and has been used as part of a larger vehicle sales yard for the past two years.
Comprising a total land area of 2187sq m over three titles, the site is situated in a key location opposite the Erang Street T-intersection and amongst other car dealerships and food and retail uses.
The site adjoins Isuzu and Ford car dealership and just to the north side of the site is Beaurepairs, a Puma Service Station then Sunshine Toyota.
Directly opposite the site is Zarraffas drive-thru, Domino's Pizza, strip retail and Audi Centre Sunshine Coast car dealership.
The property is being offered for sale by public auction on Thursday, July 19, on site at 11am.
Marketing agent Brad Moore said the District Centre zone provided for a range of business uses including fast food, retail, offices, health care, showroom and community activities.
"There are currently no southbound fast food/drive-through outlets on Nicklin Way after Kawana Shoppingworld which is approximately 7.5 kilometres to the north.
"This site could be very suitable for this type of use."
Mr Moore said commercial property on Nicklin Way rarely comes up for sale and this is seen as a golden opportunity for both owner-occupiers and developers to create an asset that would always be in demand.
"We have already fielded strong enquiry from a number of tenants including drive-through operators that are keen on the location.
"This could be particularly attractive to a developer with tenant interest in place."
CURRIMUNDI
711 Nicklin Way
What: District Centre zoned site of 2187sq m
Features: 73 m frontage on three titles with major road exposure. Zoning provides for a range of business uses including fast food, retail, offices, health care, showroom and community activities
Price: For sale by public auction on Thursday, July 19, at 11am
Agent: Nick Dowling and Brad Moore Colliers International
Contact: 0419 726 705, 0428 481 008
"Think Pink" should have been the name of the weekend. Gigi Hadid was hanging in Mikonos (pre-couture) with Kate Moss and Emrata wearing a neon pink caftan c/o Mugler. Extra points for the matching eyeshadow.
Welcome to the Beauty Files, in which once a week CR's Market & Beauty Director Sheena Smith highlights spectacular items from the world of skincare, makeup, perfumes, and more.
When it comes to makeup, I'm always looking for "the one,” and I'm happy to report that I finally found my mascara—Charlotte Tilbury's Full Fat Lashes.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
The brush is not only beautiful and easy-to-use, but it also grabs every lash, leaving you with thick, non-clumpy lashes. The pigmentation is a glossy, rich black color with a smooth texture that doesn't flake or dry out throughout the day. The result: Very natural-looking lashes that are enhanced—which is what we all want, right?
For added drama, Charlotte Tilbury suggests nestling the tip of the mascara wand into the roots and bushing upwards to add volume to the lash line, as if you were applying individual falsies.
Charlotte Tilbury Full Fat Lashes Mascara in Glossy Black, $28
SHOP
PHOTOGRAPHS BEN POGUE
PROP STYLING SARA WACKSMAN
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Topics in this edition of Talkback 16 include the new Harrison Avenue Bridge, the cost of a snowmobile trail, another high school football state championship title for Southern Columbia, the weekend snowstorm, and the direction of the Backyard Train.
Galleries
Collection
Name: The Dallas
Main message: Them brand The Dallas may only be two years old, but Fumie Tanaka is no newcomer to Japanese fashion, having worked as a designer for such major companies as United Arrows, Jun and Sazaby League. Them experience shows in their intricate knits and unconventional use of texture. They showed cozy sweaters with fringe details and sexy open backs alongside silky, layered floral dresses, sparkling metallic turtlenecks and plaid pantsuits. Outerwear included a laminated trench and billowing detective capes. Tanaka finished off the collection with their trademark leather accessories in flower shapes with long tassels.
The result: While some looks didn't fit in and the collection would have benefited from a strong edit, it was a solid first showing from a brand that has already generated buzz.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Is there anything more lovely than a perfectly laid out afternoon tea on white patio furniture with a floral motif?
No.
Whether you pronounce it scone (as in gone) or scone (as in cone), whether you jam it first or you prioritise the cream, I think we can all agree that afternoon tea is the BEST.
And it's Afternoon Tea Week! (beginning on August 14).
Prepare for a whole seven days of jammy scones, finger sandwiches, scones, clotted cream and all washed down with a refreshing cup of tea.
The Orchard Tea Garden, Grantchester
For the most idyllic of surrounds and for a quintessentially British cream tea, The Orchard Tea Gardens are perfect.
Situated in Picturesque Grantchester just a stones throw away from the river, it has 7 different cream teas on offer and over 15 different types of tea.
TripAdvisor reviewer Veredgk says: "We came just for scones and tea. A classic quiet country side place to have a romantic morning. The best scones I ever ate!!"
We're having : The Virgina Woolf Tea, £20 per person and includes finger cut sandwiches, two scones AND a slice of chocolate cake and cream eclair.
Visit Orchard Tea Garden, Grantchester, CB3 9ND
Varsity Hotel, Six Restaurant, Cambridge
Set in the splendour of the sixth floor of the boutique hotel in Cambridge, with floor to ceiling windows ensures spectacular views of the historic Cambridge's skyline.
Afternoon Tea at Six's is truly a magical experience.
The chef remains faithful to the classic combination of finger sandwiches, scones served deliciously warm accompanied by clotted cream and Jam and of course a selection of cakes.
And the centerpiece of afternoon tea is is our extensive tea selection .
Master tea blenders have worked with the chef to carefully select teas that will complement your food perfectly.
Six is able to cater for vegetarian and gluten free.
We're having: Champagne Afternoon Tea, £19.50 per person Monday - Friday, £24.50 per person Saturday -Sunday.
Including a glass of Champagne, finger sandwiches, a selection of homemade cakes, fruit and plain scones and a choice of tea (or coffee).
Visit Six, Varsity Hotel and Spa, Thompson's Lane, Cambridge, CB5 8AQ.
Fitzbillies, Trumpington Street
Fitzbillies is good for more than just a Chelsea bun.
With two tearooms in Cambridge (Trumpington Street and Bridge Street) Fitzbillies is the ultimate place to go for afternoon tea.
AND it offers afternoon tea in picnic form, either in a box tied with a ribbon, or bundled into a beautiful wicker basket for you to enjoy on a punt or by the river.
You just need to order it 24 hours in advance.
TripAdvisor user HazelDene17 says: "Just a lovely lovely cream tea! My friends and me are a bit picky about our afternoon teas but I can honestly say this one was one of the nicest we've had!"
We're having: Picnic A: Full Afternoon Tea , £18.00 per person
A full afternoon tea packed into a cake box, one for each guest, with sparkling elderflower cordial to drink.
Including: Finger sandwiches, a sultana scone, raspberry jam and clotted cream, a selection of three mini cakes from the bakery (fruit tart, chocolate eclair, macaron), a bottle of sparkling elderflower; disposable plate, knife, napkin, straw.
Visit Fitzbillies, Bridge Street or Trumpington Street, Cambridge.
Harriet's Café Tearoom, Green Street
Head to Harriet's for a HUGE selection of teas to drink, cakes to eat, and afternoon teas to choose from.
For Afternoon Tea week it's offering Afternoon Tea for Two for £25 until August 20 (Traditional Afternoon Tea only).
Plus there's a children's Afternoon Tea on offer throughout the summer holidays of one chidlren's afternoon tea free with any paying hot meal.
Harriet's Café fan Demboat wrote on TripAdvisor: "If you like Traditional Afternoon Tea then is definitely the place to go visit to treat yourself. Its a lovely tearoom, friendly and welcoming staff, delicious varieties of teas, cakes and sarnies."
We're having: The Savoury Afternoon Tea, £17.95
Freshly baked cheese scones with cream cheese and tomato chutney, a selection of savoury favourites; scotch eggs, sausage rolls, chicken goujons, and loads of delicious finger sandwiches.
We've been waiting for this one, as much as we LOVE cake, savoury food just tips the scales.
Visit Harriet's Cafe Tearoom, Green Street, Cambridge.
Le Patissier, St John's Street
Located just off Bridge Street in the hub of the City Centre, Le Patissier, is one of Cambridge's hidden gems.
Within walking distance of the main shopping centre, the river and the colleges, Le Patissier is a great spot to go for afternoon tea when you're out and about in the City.
836Shelly836 awarded Le Patissier five stars and wrote on TripAdvisor "As we were walking past we decided to stop in. We ordered two cream teas. The service was excellent with friendly helpful staff. The scones were still warm from the oven and were delicious with generous amounts of jam and clotted cream."
We're having: A Traditional Cream Tea, with tea. (Because tea is the amber elixir of life) £4.95.
A freshly baked warm scone, clotted cream, jam and tea.
Visit La Patissier, St John's Street, Cambridge.
poll loading Settle the debate, is it scone as in gone or scone as in cone? 0+ VOTES SO FAR Scone as in gone Scone as in cone I don't care, i just want to eat them!!!!
The history of Afternoon Tea Week
Afternoon Tea Week was established to help secure a tradition that has graced British afternoons since the 1840's.
In those days, dinner often wasn't served until 8pm, and lunch wasn't actually a thing, so what was a hungry person to do?
Create a new mini-meal in the middle of the day of course! Traditionally this meal contains tiny finger sandwiches, scones with jam and clotted cream, and sweet dainties like cakes and pastries to help lift the spirits, bolster energy, and see you through the rest of the day.
This simple afternoon meal grew into a social event, especially for those who spent their lives in the upper echelons of the day's society.
This became even more prominent once Queen Victoria themselves took part in this tradition.
At that point the concept of the ‘tea reception' was born, lavish and fancy afternoon repasts that could host anywhere from a close collection of friends to a couple hundred of society's most important faces.
As the name suggests, tea was a central part of this meal, a tradition started by Anna, 7th Duchess of Bedford.
They often found themselves feeling weary or worn down in the middle of the day, and a pot of tea with a snack just seemed to be the best way to take care of it.
They soon invited friends to join them for walks in the field, and the snowball that would become Afternoon Tea began.
Re-enactor Huger McClellan cleans their musket after a battle demonstration during Revolutionary War Days in Camden, SC File/The State
Side channel blowers are also used in industry for the transport and compression of noble gases. As long as gases are not flammable or explosive, side channel blowers can be used well for compression or extraction. Especially when higher pressures have to be overcome.
For the exemplary operating point of a volume of approx. 100 m³ / hour at approx. +600 mbar, SKVTechnik recommends a side channel blower K07 RMD 5.5kW with TMS impregnation and sealing. The K07 with the 5.5 kW engine provides approx. 95 m³ / h at a system back pressure of 600 mbar. The volume flow can be controlled by connecting a frequency converter together with the pressure.
Argon is a noble gas, which is used in industry as welding gas, inert gas or carrier gas. The gas is thus used to prevent the penetration of traces of reactive gases in a reaction environment. But the presence of argon and the flow around the reaction vessel with argon excludes traces of reactive gases. Argon is transported by the side channel compressor and blown into the reaction environment. Of course, the argon must retain its purity content to work and prevent unwanted reactions. The promotional side channel compressor must therefore not suck in air components. The side channel blower of SKVTechnik, which is intended for this purpose, is specially sealed for this purpose. A corresponding certificate is issued for each side channel blower to be delivered separately.
The SKVTechnik online shop has been operating in the European market since 2012 and supplies customers with consistent quality and delivery reliability. Customers benefit from good purchase prices and high volumes. Interested parties are now trying out the SKVTechnik service.
Press contact:
SKVTechnik (http://skvtechnik.com)
Werner Bernberger – SKVTechnology Representative
Strassberger Str. 31
08527 Plauen
Tel. +49 3741 2510951
The producers of the controversial Pehredaar Pyar Ki have reiterated that the television serial is a work of fiction that does not promote child marriage. Responding to reports that Union Information and Broadcasting Minister Smriti Irani has asked the Broadcasting Content Complaints Council to study objections to the depiction of a marriage between a 10-year-old boy and an 18-year-old woman, the show's co-producer and creator, Shashi Mittal, said at a press conference in Mumbai, “We haven't portrayed anything uncomfortable in the show and do not promote child marriage.”
The show, produced by Shashi and Sumeet Productions, has been raising eyebrows ever since it started airing on July 17 on Sony Television. The plot follows the marital union between 10-year-old Rajput prince Ratan Singh (Afaan Khan) and their 18-year-old caretaker Diya (Tejaswi Prakash), who becomes their wife to protect them from their scheming relatives.
“It is very wrong that people are talking about banning the show,” co-producer Sumeet Mittal said at the press conference. “Most of the people who have signed the petition haven't watched the show. But if they have signed it after watching the show, then it is their own personal decision.”
The producers have not received any notice from the I&B ministry. “Even if that does happen, we will handle it because we know what we are doing,” Shashi Mittal said.
The Mittals further justified the marriage angle by pointing out that Diya weds Ratan to fulfill their father Mann Singh's dying wishes. “The character is selfish, but Diya is indebted to them and so they take the decision herself, without anybody's compulsion,” Shashi Mittal said. A flashback sequence reveals that Diya was saved by Mann Singh as a child from a rampaging horse.
Recent episodes feature the unlikely couple's wedding night and also teases the possibility of a honeymoon. “We have not portrayed anything that does not happen in everybody's house,” Shashi Mittal claimed. “Even in our houses, when a suhaag raat [wedding night] is organised, people talk openly about it. The same is the case with the honeymoon. Every child knows what these concepts are and we have portrayed it naturally. Moreover, both the characters are not willfully doing anything. Both the sequences are forced on them by the villainous characters in the house.”
Mittal had previously told Scroll.in that marriage was the only way Diya could protect Ratan. The makers reiterated the point at the press conference, and disagreed that it might have been easier for Diya to adopt Ratan.
“The character [Mann Singh] did not think about that,” Shashi Mittal said. “At least by means of marriage, the girl will be happy once the boy grows up after 12 years, when their matrimony will be legalised. What life will the girl have being a mother at such a young age?”
Would the plot resort to a time lapse and depict the relationship between Diya and a grown-up Ratan? “When that happens, people will call our show progressive,” Shashi Mittal declared.
Opposition MLAs have united to form a shadow cabinet they say will keep the government in check.
Opposition Leader Hon. Ezzard Miller says the shadow cabinet will not be obstructionist, but will help in shaping policy.
Speaking on Cayman 27's ‘Cayman Now' last night Mr Miller said given the limited number of members on the Opposition benches the MLAs will have to double up on the ministries they are to keep track of.
“We have decided we are going to meet every other week as an opposition body to discuss issues that are current and what we believe the government should do about it. We are not going to sit back and wait for the government to make all the suggestions and solutions. We are going to put forward some papers we believe will assist the government in solving the problems as well,” Mr Miller said.
In the shadow cabinet Mr Miller will shadow the Premier and the Deputy Governor. The other members of the shadow cabinet include; Alva Suckoo, who will shadow Education, Youth, Sports, Agriculture and Lands. Arden McLean will shadow Commerce, Planning, Infrastructure and Tourism and Transport. Chris Saunders will shadow Public Finance, Development and Financial Services Home Affairs.
Kenneth Bryan will shadow Community Affairs, Culture, Housing, Environment and Health. Anthony Eden will offer overall advice and guidance.
The press release about the shadow cabinet also states the Opposition legislators are calling for members to meet more regularly in the LA.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Email
Print
SEOUL, South Korea (AP) — North Korea said Tuesday that its military presented leader Kim Jong-un with plans to launch intermediate-range missiles into waters near Guam and “wring the windpipes of the Yankees” by creating “enveloping fire” near the key U.S. military hub in the Pacific.
The comments, while typically belligerent, are significant because they also appeared to signal a path to defuse a deepening crisis with Washington over a weapons program that is seen as nearing the ability to accurately send a nuclear missile to the U.S. mainland.
During an inspection of the army's Strategic Forces, which handles the missile program, Kim praised the military for drawing up a “close and careful plan” and said they would watch the “foolish and stupid conduct of the Yankees” a little more before deciding whether to order the missile test, the North's state-run Korean Central News Agency said. Kim appeared in photos sitting at a table with a large map marked by a straight line between what appeared to be northeastern North Korea and Guam, and passing over Japan — apparently showing the missiles' flight route.
The missile plans were previously announced, and Kim said North Korea would conduct the launches if the “Yankees persist in their extremely dangerous reckless actions on the Korean Peninsula and its vicinity” and that the United States should “think reasonably and judge properly” to avoid shaming itself, the news agency said.
Lobbing missiles toward Guam would be a deeply provocative act from the U.S. perspective, and a miscalculation on either side could lead to a military clash. U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said the United Sates would take out any such missile seen to be heading for American soil and declared any such North Korean attack could mean war.
Kim's comments, however, with their conditional tone, seemed to hold out the possibility that friction could ease if the United States made some sort of gesture that Pyongyang considered a move to back away from previous “extremely dangerous reckless actions.” This might be difficult as the United States and its ally South Korea plan next week to start annual defensive military drills that the North claims are preparation for invasion.
On Monday, the chairperson of the U.S. Joint Chiefs of Staff met with senior South Korean military and political officials and the local media. Marine Corps Gen. Joseph Dunford also made comments that appeared to be an attempt to ease anxiety over tit-for-tat threats between President Donald Trump and North Korea while also showing a willingness to back up Trump's warnings if need be.
Dunford said the United States wants to peacefully resolve tensions with North Korea. But Washington is also ready to use the “full range” of its military capabilities in case of provocation, Dunford said.
Dunford is visiting South Korea, Japan and China after a week in which Trump declared the U.S. military “locked and loaded” and said they were ready to unleash “fire and fury” if North Korea continued to threaten the United States.
The Korean People's Army's Strategic Forces said last week that it would finalize and send to Kim for approval the plan to fire four ballistic missiles near Guam, which is about 3,200 kilometers (2,000 miles) from Pyongyang.
The plans are based on the Hwasong-12, a new missile the country successfully flight-tested for the first time in May. The liquid-fuel missile is designed to be fired from road mobile launchers and has been previously described by North Korea as built for attacking Alaska and Hawaii.
The North followed the May launch with two flight tests of its Hwasong-14 ICBM last month. Analysts said that a wide swath of the continental United States, including Los Angeles and Chicago, could be within reach of those missiles, once they're perfected.
The North's latest report said Kim ordered their military to be prepared to launch the missiles toward Guam at any time. If the “planned fire of power demonstration” is carried out because of U.S. recklessness, Kim said it will be “the most delightful historic moment when the Hwasong artillerymen will wring the windpipes of the Yankees and point daggers at their necks,” the North reported.
North Korea is angry about new United Nations sanctions over its expanding nuclear weapons and missile program and the upcoming military drills between Washington and Seoul.
Kim said that the United States must “make a proper option first and show it through action, as it committed provocations after introducing huge nuclear strategic equipment into the vicinity of the peninsula” and that it “should stop at once arrogant provocations” against North Korea, state media said.
South Korean President Moon Jae-in on Monday called for a peaceful solution to the nuclear standoff, saying that “there must not be another war on the Korean Peninsula,” according to their office.
In a meeting with top aides at the presidential Blue House, Moon said South Korea would work to safeguard peace on the peninsula in cooperation with the United States and other countries. Moon said North Korea must stop issuing menacing statements and provocations.
___
AP writers Hyung-jin Kim in Seoul and Bob Burns in Washington contributed to this report.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Melbourne: England's hopes of clawing their way back into an Ashes series fast slipping from their grip will be put to the ultimate test at the WACA where the tourists have won only once in nearly 50 years.
The WACA bore witness to the meek surrender of the 2013/14 series by Alastair Cook's England, and at 2-0 down after Brisbane and Adelaide, Joe Root's men face a similar predicament when the third Test starts on Thursday.
With its traditionally quick and bouncy wicket playing to the strengths of home pacemen, the WACA has been a house of pain for English cricket and Australians will be hoping for more of the same when the ground hosts its final Test.
One has to delve deep in the records to even find the last time England drew a match. That was in 1986, when Mike Gatting's unlikely band of hard-partying tourists put on 592 in the first innings to frustrate Allan Border's team. The maiden win was in 1978 when Mike Brearley's side thrashed Graham Yallop-captained Australia by 166 runs, a victory that might otherwise have been remembered as a triumph of English cricket but for the fact that the hosts had been gutted by the World Series Cricket rebellion. Australia have beaten England in their last seven matches at the WACA and with the hosts' pacemen licking their lips, it may take something truly special from Joe Root's men just to keep the series alive to the Boxing Day Test in Melbourne. Managing that would be a victory of sorts, given England need only to square the five-Test series at 2-2 to keep the coveted urn. Having fought hard but ultimately crumbled at both the Gabba and the Adelaide Oval, England's chances of rallying at the WACA have been given short shrift by bookmakers. Their week has also included further off-field problems with coach Trevor Bayliss left fuming after English Lions batsman Ben Duckett poured a drink over James Anderson's head in a Perth bar. And yet, a small increase in application by the tourists could ensure a contest at the WACA. England have paid dearly for a few dreadful sessions and the scoreline has, to an extent, flattered Steve Smith's Australia. The vulnerability of the home side's batting was on full display in the second innings at Adelaide Oval as they crashed out for 133 to raise England's hopes of an unlikely victory. Several of Australia's batsmen are under pressure, most notably number five Peter Handscomb whose place could be taken by Mitchell Marsh, an all-rounder with a poor batting record at Test level. Anderson and the England seamers, meanwhile, will have enjoyed a boost of confidence from Adelaide, where Craig Overton provided much better support than Jake Ball at the Gabba. More will be needed from the English batsmen, though, given none have managed a century this series. Root and their most senior batsman Alastair Cook have been particularly culpable for failing to set the benchmark by converting promising starts into big scores. Both were present for England's last capitulation at the WACA and will be desperate to make a contribution to avoiding another. Stay updated on the go with Sify Live Scores App. Click here to download it for your device
Something was seriously bugging tennis star Caroline Wozniacki at Wimbledon.
The number two seed, 27, was noticeably hampered by flying insects on the court during their match against Russia's Ekaterina Makarova, eventually losing the match 6-4, 1-6, 7-5 — sending them home much earlier than expected, in just the second round.
According to Yahoo Sports, flying ants were swarming around their head and getting stuck in their hair. The bugs were so distracting that they reportedly asked the umpire for bug spray.
“They're in my mouth and in my hair and everywhere — we need to do something. Is there a spray?” they reportedly said. “I want to be here to focus on tennis, not eating bugs.”
DANIEL LEAL-OLIVAS/AFP/Getty Images
(Although outlets including Yahoo Sports and The Guardian claim flying ants were the culprit, ESPN just calls the bugs “flying insects.”)
ESPN also confirms that Wozniacki was given bug spray after their complaint.
DANIEL LEAL-OLIVAS/AFP/Getty Images
Clive Brunskill/Getty Images
Wozniacki's elimination was a surprise to many who believed the Danish tennis pro had a good shot of claiming Wimbledon victory just months after winning the Australian Open in January.
The previous November, it was also revealed that the tennis star became engaged to NBA player David Lee, who gave them a very big diamond engagement ring. The duo also attended Serena Williams' wedding together that same month.
Wozniacki captioned the announcement, “The Happiest day of my life yesterday saying yes to my soulmate @Dlee042″
Lee soon followed Wozniacki's post with a photo of the couple, writing, “She said YES! So thrilled to be engaged to my soulmate! ❤💍”
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A teenage cyclist was treated for a head injury after they fell off their bike in Cambridge city centre.
The incident happened in Trinity Street earlier today (February 15) and the cyclist was rushed to Addenbrooke's Hospital after paramedics reached the scene within just four minutes.
A spokesperson for the east of England ambulance service said the woman is now in a stable condition.
They added: “We received a call today at 8.59am to reports of someone who had fallen off their bike on Trinity Street in Cambridge.
“An ambulance crew was sent to assist and arrived within four minutes to treat the cyclist, a woman believed to be in their late teens, for a head injury before taking them to Addenbrooke's Hospital for further care in what is thought to have been a stable condition.”
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
House star Hugh Laurie, and best-selling novelist Robert Harris, were welcomed back to their old stomping ground at Selwyn College to share some Christmas cheer this weekend.
The pair were pictured celebrating the festive season alongside the Christmas tree in the college's hall.
Selwyn's Master Roger Mosey said "It's great for the students to meet alumni who've achieved such a lot, and we're particularly grateful to Hugh and Robert for coming back to Cambridge and spending time talking to the next generation about their lives in the creative industries."
Hugh Laurie has a family connection with Selwyn: their father Ran Laurie was a student at the college, who went on to win an Olympic gold medal in rowing.
It is also the second time this year they have returned to Selywn, after stopping by to speak with students back in September.
Hugh was a member of the Cambridge Boat Race crew in their time as a student. They became the most-watched man on television according to the Guinness Book of World Records.
Robert Harris was at Selwyn just before Hugh, and they are now one of Britain's chart-topping authors with their Cicero trilogy currently being staged by the Royal Shakespeare Company and their latest novel 'Munich' another success.
Kirk Douglas is truly a living legend.
The screen icon celebrated their 101st birthday on Saturday alongside their wife, Anne, 98. Douglas looked healthy and happy as they were visited by their family, including sons Michael and Joel, and granddaughter Kelsey Douglas.
The Spartacus actor sat beside their wife as they blew out the candle on their cake. The sweet confection bore “101” in large numbers with a stunning design of sunflowers on top of it and a single candle.
The sunflowers honored one of Kirk's greatest performances as Vincent Van Gogh in the film Lust for Life, according to their son, Michael, who shared the photos on their Facebook page.
Kirk Douglas with son Michael, granddaughter Kelsey, son Joel and wife Anne.
Michael, Kirk and Joel Douglas
The sunflowers honored Douglas' performance as Vincent Van Gogh in the film Lust for Life. Michael Douglas/Facebook
In another photo, Kirk was celebrated with a second cake, this one depicting a pair of red boxing gloves that honored their first Academy Award-nominated performance in Champion. The cake bore a sweet message, reading, “Happy Birthday to the Champion.”
Their daughter-in-law, Oscar winner Catherin Zeta-Jones, couldn't attend the festivities but wished their father-in-law a happy birthday on Instagram.
“101 today!!!! My darling Pappy on my knee,” they wrote in the caption. “Happy Birthday to my wonderful, inspirational and loving father in law, Kirk. Love you with all my heart. ❤️#hero”
101 today!!!! My darling Pappy on my knee. Happy Birthday to my wonderful, inspirational and loving father in law, Kirk. Love you with all my heart. ❤️#hero A post shared by Catherine Zeta-Jones (@catherinezetajones) on Dec 9, 2017 at 4:45am PST
Dylan Douglas, Zeta-Jones' son with husband Michael, also wished their grandfather a happy birthday on their Instagram Saturday.
“Happy birthday 101 years and still sexy love you with all my heart Pappy,” Dylan wrote in the caption in a photo where they kissed Kirk's cheek.
Happy birthday 101 years and still sexy love you with all my heart Pappy A post shared by Dylan Douglas (@dy1and) on Dec 9, 2017 at 5:36pm PST
Days before their birthday, Douglas was paid a visit by another Hollywood legend, Dame Judi Dench, who spoke to PEOPLE about meeting them in their Los Angeles home.
The two bonded over their shared Dec. 9 birthday — they turned 83 —and Dench was honored with the Kirk Douglas Award for Excellence in Film at the Santa Barbara International Film Festival on Nov. 30.
“I will never forget this moment,” Dench said of meeting Douglas. “He is a legend in our family.”
A storm system will bring heavy rain to the area with thunderstorms possible overnight and throughout the day on Wednesday.
Steady rain is expected to arrive around 1 a.m. Wednesday, according to the National Weather Service.
The rain will continue into Wednesday morning, with thunderstorms possible after 9 a.m., before tapering off during Wednesday afternoon. But there's a chance of more rain through late Wednesday night.
Average rainfall totals are expected to be around an inch or more. (See image above.)
Wednesday's high will be in the mid-50s.
Thursday will be partly sunny with a high in the mid-60s.
Check back to Daily Voice for updates.
Click here to sign up for Daily Voice's free daily emails and news alerts.
DUBAI: Saudi Arabia said on Monday that public cinemas would be allowed in the conservative kingdom for the first time in over 35 years, and that the first ones were likely to open next March.
Cinemas were banned in the early 1980s under pressure from Islamists as Saudi society turned towards a restrictive form of the religion that discouraged public entertainment and many forms of mixing between men and women.
Under reforms led by 32-year-old Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, the government is easing many of those restrictions, and also plans to lift a ban on women driving next year. It says the economy, hit hard by low oil prices, will benefit from the growth of an entertainment industry.
"Opening cinemas will act as a catalyst for economic growth and diversification," said Minister of Culture and Information Awwad bin Saleh Alawwad. "By developing the broader cultural sector we will create new employment and training opportunities, as well as enriching the Kingdom's entertainment options."
By 2030, Saudi Arabia is expected to open over 300 cinemas with more than 2,000 screens, a government statement said, predicting the cinema industry would contribute over 90 billion riyals ($24 billion) to the economy and create 30,000 permanent jobs by 2030.
Regional cinema chain operators are already believed to be studying entry into Saudi Arabia, industry sources said.
A commission chaired by Alawwad will announce details of licencing and regulations over the next few weeks, the government said.
Altidore one-timed the ball ahead to on a sprinting Pulisic, and the midfielder reached back with their left leg to flick the ball ahead. Pulisic jumped to avoid Roman Torres' challenge and used the outside of their right foot to play the ball forward. As goalkeeper Jaime Penedo came off their line, Pulisic used the outside of their right foot again to play the ball wide and jumped over Pinedo's outstretched arm. At the edge of the 6-yard box and just 2 yards from the endline, Pulisic reached with their right foot to slot the ball in, completing a 112-yard U.S. move. Pulisic tumbled over as the ball rolled in for their eighth goal in 19 international appearances, their fourth in the hex.
The brawl in Manilla has shocked the basketball world. Picture: George Calvelo/Getty Images
The brawl in Manilla has shocked the basketball world. Picture: George Calvelo/Getty Images
BOOMERS coach Andrej Lemanis fears the ugly scenes in the Philippines will make it harder to call on Australian NBA stars for international duty.
Aside from the physical and emotional toll on players and the damage to the sport's reputation, Monday night's all-in brawl could have further consequences for the Boomers.
NBA teams are already reluctant to release players as it does for the two FIBA windows that fall in the league's off-season.
But the ugly events in Bulacan could provide them with another excuse to withhold top-line stars such as Ben Simmons from joining the Boomers for anything short of World Cups or the Olympics.
Alternatively, players themselves might not want to risk their own safety for qualifiers in countries such as the Philippines, where security measures were clearly not up to scratch.
Two NBA players, Milwaukee Bucks pair Thon Maker and Matthew Dellavedova, were on Australia's roster for the match.
Maker is facing a possible FIBA suspension after attempting numerous fly-kicks on Philippine opponents during the brawl.
"Obviously that's one of the concerns ... what it means generally in terms of players' willingness to participate and put their hand up," Lemanis told reporters on Wednesday.
The ugly fracas looks set to end in serious penalties.
Daniel Kickert admitted they "overstepped" the mark in elbowing Philippine guard Roger Pogoy in the face.
Kickert is likely to receive a long suspension from the global governing body for their hit on Pogoy, which sparked the ugly third-quarter brawl.
"I was put in a position where I obviously made an action which was regrettable and unfortunate," Kickert told reporters in Brisbane on Wednesday.
"I think I've overstepped a little bit with my response to the escalation in the game, I regret those things."
Boomers assistant coach Luc Longley alleged Philippines coach Chot Reyes incited their players to act violently, blaming them for the ugly brawl that marred the game.
The Australian described the all-in fight as the worst thing he'd ever seen on a basketball court.
Longley rushed to the aid of Chris Goulding as they were set upon by a dozen Philippine players and officials.
"It was horrifying ... really disturbing," Longley said.
Guard Goulding escaped serious injury despite also having a chair thrown at them by one of the Philippine coaches.
Goulding touched down at Melbourne Airport early on Wednesday morning but declined to address the incident.
"I'll speak to everyone at a more appropriate time," they said.
Lemanis said Goulding and Nathan Sobey, who was punched by an official and also hit by a chair, had only a few "bumps and bruises" to show for the fracas.
"The emotional scars, we'll see over time. That's hard to tell," they said
LAKE BUENA VISTA, Fla. — Matt Harvey's name has come up in trade discussions at baseball's winter meetings, sources confirmed. But a person with knowledge of the Mets' thinking said that team officials are doubtful that the righthander will be moved, especially with the team concerned about pitching depth after injuries wrecked the starting rotation last season.
Both the Rangers and Orioles have emerged as potential suitors for Harvey, a source confirmed. But in the Rangers' case, the discussion was wide-ranging and involved several other players.
Infielder Jurickson Profar, a former top prospect whose career has been sidetracked by shoulder problems, emerged as a possible target for the Mets a source confirmed. Profar could fit as the Mets are in search of a second baseman.
According to The Athletic, the Orioles' talks for Harvey have centered on Brad Brach, a reliever who would fulfill the Mets' desire to bulk up their bullpen.
A source told Newsday that former Rays reliever Tommy Hunter has emerged as another top target on the free-agent market. Thanks to an uptick in velocity, the righthander posted a 2.61 ERA with 64 strikeouts in 61 appearances for the Rays. He's viewed as a strong alternative to Bryan Shaw, who has been on the Mets' radar for most of the offseason.
The Mets also have expressed interest in free-agent reliever Steve Cishek, a source said, adding another arm to a growing list of possibilities. Cishek had a 2.01 ERA in 49 games, though they saved their best work after their trade from the Mariners to the Rays.
One day after Mets general manager Sandy Alderson hinted he'd wait out the market for relievers, they said it would be “desirable” for the Mets to come away with a new bullpen arm before the end of the winter meetings.
“We're still focused most immediately on the bullpen,” Alderson said.
Subscribe to Newsday's sports newsletter Receive stories, photos and videos about your favorite New York teams plus national sports news and events. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
Perhaps Harvey facilitates a deal. That their name has resurfaced in trade talks comes as little surprise. Leading up to the meetings, a rival executive said that the Mets let it be known that they would be open to dealing any of their starting pitchers with the exception of Noah Syndergaard and Jacob deGrom.
Harvey, 28, has been viewed by other clubs as a buy-low candidate. Even during the regular season, rival teams inquired about Harvey, hoping to swoop in with their value likely at its nadir.
The righthander has struggled to bounce back from thoracic outlet syndrome. They went 5-7 with a 6.70 ERA last season and only late in the year did their velocity begin to tick upward.
But Mets officials never moved toward a trade, preferring to stick with Harvey in hopes of bounceback. Even with Harvey coming off a horrific season, the Mets never seriously considered non-tendering them despite a projected salary of $6 million in their final year of arbitration.
Profar, 24, has missed two seasons with shoulder trouble. They hit .172 in 22 games for the Rangers last season, which they spent mostly in the minors. Rangers general manager Jon Daniels has said that Profar doesn't have a set role next season. Profar is also out of minor league options, increasing speculation that he's on the trading block.
But Profar is under team control through 2020 while Harvey is a free agent after 2018, making a match problematic.
Brach, 31, had been linked to the Mets at last year's winter meetings. The righty posted a 3.18 ERA in 67 games. They were coming off an all-star campaign in 2016.
Of course, the Mets could also use some of their other arms to swing a deal. According to a source, teams have shown a varying degree of interest in the team's other starters, a group that includes Robert Gsellman, Seth Lugo and Steven Matz.
With a depleted farm system, dealing an arm might be the Mets' most viable path to swinging a deal. Alderson generally has been wary of dealing from that stock. However, a source said the Mets have discussed trading a pitcher and then pursuing a starter via free agency.
Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document.
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document.
.videoWrapper { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; padding-top: 25px; height: 0; } .videoWrapper iframe { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }
LONDON (AP) — Disgraced celebrity publicist Max Clifford, a confidant to the stars who fell from grace amid Britain's investigation of past sexual abuse, died Sunday after collapsing in prison. They were 74.
Once one of the most powerful figures in British entertainment, Clifford was convicted in 2014 of eight counts of indecent assault stemming from attacks on teenagers dating back more than 40 years.
They were serving an 8-year prison sentence at Littlehey Prison in Cambridgeshire when they died, Britain's Ministry of Justice said.
Clifford was once as well known as the people they represented — the go-to guy for celebrities looking to limit the damage from drug problems, legal issues or declining popularity.
Their clients included TV mogul Simon Cowell and former Harrods owner Mohamed al-Fayed, as well as dozens of ordinary people who found themselves in the news vortex and sought to sell their stories to the press — a common practice in Britain.
The public relations guru was arrested in December 2012 amid allegations that they lured girls as young as 14 into sex by offering them acting roles. Clifford immediately swung into damage-control mode, vowing to clear their name of the charges, some of which stemmed from the 1970s and '80s.
“The allegations in respect of which I have been charged are completely false — very upsetting, very distressing, but completely false,” they told reporters outside their home at the time. “I have never indecently assaulted anyone in my life, and this will become clear during the course of the proceedings.”
Clifford was arrested as part of an investigation called Operation Yewtree, a wide-ranging inquiry into allegations of past offenses spurred by the case of Jimmy Savile, a well-known British entertainer accused of abusing hundreds of girls and women. They died in 2011.
The Savile case shocked Britain and embarrassed their employer, the BBC, which was accused of killing an investigation into Savile's alleged crimes.
The resulting upheaval is comparable to the stream of sexual misconduct allegations leveled at American actors, politicians and media personalities following revelations about Hollywood producer Harvey Weinstein.
Before they were arrested, Clifford told The Associated Press that they were receiving calls from many celebrities and entertainers who were worried they would be caught up in the widening Savile investigation.
“They're phoning me and saying, ‘Max, I'm worried that I'm going to be implicated,' ” Clifford said at the time. “A lot of them can't remember what they did last week, never mind 30 or 40 years ago.”
Clifford's daughter Louise told the Mail on Sunday that their father first collapsed on Thursday as they were trying to tidy their prison cell. They collapsed again the following day and was taken to a hospital, where suffered a heart attack.
They told the newspaper they had been in a “bad way” in a critical care unit.
“It was just too much,” they said.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Justice Neil Gorsuch heard their first arguments from the Supreme Court bench Monday after having been formally sworn in a week ago. Gorsuch was not shy during their debut, asking questions early and often; it took just 11 minutes for them to pipe up during their first of the three cases.
"He employed a bit of humor, expressed a modicum of humility, showed a hint of irritation, and even channeled Justice Antonin Scalia, the man they replaced, with a touch of sarcasm," The Associated Press reports. And "while some of the other justices slouched, rocked back in their chairs, or leaned their chin or forehead on their hands, Gorsuch sat straight in their high-backed chair, to the far left of Chief Justice John Roberts."
Fox News additionally notes that throughout the arguments Gorsuch "remained focused — not even chatting with their 'bench neighbor,' Justice Sonia Sotomayor," and that they "repeatedly pressed lawyers from both sides with their positions."
Gorsuch's first argument was fairly complicated, having to do with determining which court federal employees go to with some discrimination claims. But the new justice got a laugh when lawyer Christopher Landau said, "I think I am maybe emphatically agreeing with you," and Gorsuch interrupted to say, "I hope so."
As they are now the most junior member of the Supreme Court, Gorsuch will relieve Justice Elena Kagan of duties such as answering the door when the court meets for closed-door conferences and taking notes at the meetings. They will also vote last, which puts them in the position to be a tiebreaker in cases that fall along ideological lines. Jeva Lange
BEIRUT (AP) — An air raid has struck several cars in northwestern Syria, killing at least eight people, including al-Qaida-linked fighters and a senior commander with a Chinese Islamic militant faction, an activist group and a local jihadi commander said Monday.
The attack occurred late Sunday on a road leading from the town of Sarmada to the Bab al-Hawa area on the border with Turkey, said the Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights and a local commander with the Fatah al-Sham Front, an al-Qaida-linked group. The militant spoke via text messages on condition of anonymity because of security concerns.
It was not immediately clear who was behind the attack, but the Observatory's chief Rami Abdurrahman said it is widely believed to have been carried out by the U.S.-led coalition.
The U.S. has killed some of al-Qaida's most senior commanders in Syria over the past two years in airstrikes. Those targeted included members of the so-called Khorasan group, which Washington describes as an internal branch of al-Qaida that plans attacks against Western interests.
Advertisement
The Observatory said eight people were killed in the airstrike, including three jihadi commanders. The dead include a senior al-Qaida commander known as Khattab al-Qahtani, who was from the Gulf region and fought for the group in Afghanistan.
Abu Omar al-Turkistani, a top commander with the Turkistan Islamic Party, and a Syrian al-Qaida commander known as Abu Muatasem al-Deiri, were also killed. The Turkistan Islamic Party mainly consists of minority Uighurs from China, many of whom have traveled to Syria to help battle President Bashar Assad's forces alongside other jihadi groups.
The Fatah al-Sham commander confirmed that several people were killed, including al-Qahtani and al-Turkistani. They said the attack was most likely carried out by drones.
A video posted online by the Syrian Civil Defense search-and-rescue group, also known as the White Helmets, showed rescue workers spraying a car with fire extinguishers as a body was removed and placed in a black bag. The video appeared genuine and corresponded to other Associated Press reporting.
Earlier Monday, Syria's state news agency said al-Qaida militants knocked out electricity towers near the capital, causing power cuts in a southern province. SANA said Fatah al-Sham fighters bombed three towers southwest of Damascus, causing electricity cuts in the Quneitra region.
The report came as a cease-fire brokered by Russia and Turkey held for the fourth day amid sporadic violations. Fighting has raged in the water-rich Barada Valley northwest of Damascus over the past two weeks.
The Fatah al-Sham Front, previously known as the Nusra Front, and the Islamic State group are not included in the truce.
It is almost as if control is viewed as a business in itself
2016 stands out as the year where we lost more than the usual number of good and talented people. Prominent among them was our own Abdul Sattar Edhi, a titan amongst men to whom the people of Pakistan, and others, will forever be grateful on a thousand fronts. We also lost the talented Junaid Jamshed and Amjad Sabri, and the gutsy Qandeel Baloch. Across the international arena those who died in 2016 included David Bowie, Alan Rickman, Harper Lee, Prince, Muhammad Ali, Gene Wilder, Robert Vaughn, Fidel Castro, John Glenn, Richard Adams, and Debbie Reynolds, men and women of immense talent, skill and achievement whose deaths saddened us, and left us with a feeling of loss. But somehow what shook the world most was the election of Donald Trump, a man with a mediocre personality and few talents aside from making money, who now has access to the little red button. Their election leaves the world feeling most truly vulnerable and shaken. Little can be done to ensure that events such as the election of Donald Trump do not occur again, other than to suggest that the people of the USA should learn a little more about the world and what happens in it. But there were other events in 2016 that it is possible to prevent from occurring again, given a bit of intelligence and honesty.
Of such events the one that stands out most for Pakistan, not least because it happened just as the year drew to a close was the death of about fifty persons in Toba Tek Singh as a result of consuming contaminated alcohol, leaving many others seriously ill. These were needless, criminal, senseless deaths which can be prevented in future by a more considered approach to policy.
You'd think that in this wonderful Islamic Republic of Pakistan alcohol would not pose a problem. Quite the contrary however is true.
The husbands of all three women working in our home were for many years addicted to alcohol, and one of them still is. Two of these couples are Muslim, the third is not. The husband of a fourth woman who comes for an hour each day to massage an elderly member of the family is the only one who has not been addicted now or before. That couple is Christian. That, and further such experiences and what one learns from other sources bears out three things. The first is that alcoholism is exceedingly common in Pakistan. The second that the anti-alcohol laws of the country, among the strictest in the world, have failed to work. The third is that an addiction to alcohol occurs – or does not occur independent of whether or not a religion allows the consumption of alcohol. By condemning certain practices aka declaring them haram, religion has done its job of bringing the ills of those practices to our notice. The rest is up to us to handle as intelligently as possible.
Like with most other social problems, widespread alcoholism has links to social conditions. That it is more widespread amongst the least well off classes in Pakistan as opposed to the upper middle class indicates that poverty and its related tensions and frustrations encourage the consumption of excessive alcohol, because it is used as a substance that numbs the mind. In the wake of the tragic event in Toba Tek Singh, Pakistan needs to re-examine its policies relating to alcohol. There is little point in banning a substance that is easily made at home, and which is easily available to whoever wishes to consume it, legally or otherwise. The problem lies with the quality of the substance that is available, and that is what should be monitored rather than the morals of the people of the country which are best left to a higher authority.
As with prostitution. Making prostitution illegal had no effect upon the business in Pakistan. The celebrated Hira Mandi in Lahore lost its lustre only because the persons running the business of prostitution relocated to other areas around the city, not because it ceased. On the contrary.
Increasing an awareness of the hazards of unprotected sex in countries where campaigns have been conducted on the other hand has had an effect on the incidence of sexually transmitted disease.
It is almost as if a control is viewed as a business in itself, a means of making money, by the persons licensed to sell the controlled object or service, as well as by those who are given the task of enforcing the control. At the end of the day, those who sell liquor legally in Pakistan and those who are supposed to enforce the no alcohol law both end up in pocket. As do those who manufacture alcohol illegally, mostly because they use such cheap and spurious ingredients and manufacturing methods. These are the people who must be targeted. For the users, they require education and relief from the deplorable conditions they live in. These are the things that will have results a ban can never achieve. If instead of indulging in verbal abuse and physical violence in places where laws are made our leaders give some thought to such matters Pakistan would become a better place for everyone.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
LEHIGH TOWNSHIP -- Two years after a skull was found in the woods in the Poconos, investigators have identified the man whose remains were found.
The Wayne County coroner said the skull belongs to George Rymko. The man from Connecticut was last seen in Scranton in 2011.
A hunter found Rymko's skull in a wooded area off Route 507 near Gouldsboro in 2015.
The coroner said they cannot determine how Rymko died.
By The Associated Press
LOS ANGELES (AP) — The J. Paul Getty Museum in Los Angeles is returning an ancient marble statue to Italy.
The museum announced Wednesday that the “Statue of Zeus Enthroned” is being voluntarily returned after the Italian government said it obtained a recently discovered fragment of the sculpture.
The 29-inch-high statuette is believed to date from the 1st century BC.
The museum bought the piece in 1992 from an American couple but the Los Angeles Times says (http://lat.ms/2sAWgvn ) there's no documentation indicating it was legally exported.
At the time of purchase, the Getty's senior antiquities curator was Marion True. Italy later indicted True for conspiracy to traffic in illegal antiquities but eventually dropped the case.
However, in the past decade, the Getty has returned dozens of artworks to Italy and Greece.
Members of the nomadic Bajau people often spend up to five hours a day underwater. They're hunting for fish, octopus and other seafood.
And they don't even use diving gear.
So what's their secret?
New research suggests this extraordinary diving ability is due to a special trait the Bajau have developed: larger spleens.
The Bajau — who mostly live in the Philippines, Malaysia and Indonesia and are nicknamed "sea nomads" for their houseboats and seaborne lifestyle — have spleens 50 percent larger than average, according to a study published in Cell this month. (In case you're wondering, an average spleen weighs about 5.3 ounces and at its longest point is about 4 inches long.)
"I'm not sure anyone was really expecting to get a positive result, simply because these kinds of adaptations are relatively rare in modern humans," says Melissa Ilardo, a doctoral student at the University of Copenhagen who studied the Bajau.
These enlarged spleens could explain how the sea nomads hold their breath for so long underwater.
"I was told by one diver that in their youth they could dive for 13 minutes," Ilardo says. And the Bajau have been observed to go 229 feet deep.
Average humans usually can't go longer than one to two minutes holding their breath underwater. That's where spleen size could make a difference.
"The spleen has a reservoir of oxygenated red blood cells," explains Rasmus Nielsen, a population geneticist at University of California, Berkeley who led the new study. "When individuals go diving, it contracts and these oxygenated red blood cells are released into the bloodstream."
Underwater, these red blood cells continue to distribute oxygen to organs to maintain basic human function. A larger spleen means the Bajau have a higher reservoir of red blood cells and can stay underwater longer. In fact, Nielsen estimates a 50 percent larger spleen amounts to 10 percent more red blood cells to exploit when diving.
The researchers made the discovery after traveling to maritime Southeast Asia and personally measuring the spleens of 59 Bajau, both male and female, using a portable ultrasound. Although they don't do much spearfish, women dive to collect clams, seaweed and sea cucumbers. The measurements were then compared to 34 unrelated individuals living in a neighboring community that doesn't spend much time diving.
Mouth swabs were also collected from villagers for DNA analysis. The results further confirmed the findings, revealing a genetic mutation in the Bajau's PDE10A gene that may increase spleen size. Mutations in this gene are known to affect thyroid hormone levels in humans. Studies in mice have shown that increased thyroid hormone levels are tied to larger spleens.
"I think the study is very compelling," said J. Koji Lum, an anthropologist at Binghamton University who has studied Pacific island populations and was not involved in the study. "The authors did a good job generating and analyzing diverse data to demonstrate genetic selection and physiological adaptation to breath holding in the Bajau."
Still, they say, more evidence is needed.
Lum would like to see spleens measured in more landlubbers versus Bajau populations to confirm the size difference. He'd also like to a see a larger number of participants in future studies.
They add, "The conclusions reached would be much strengthened if this [genetic] pattern is found to be regionally widespread and correlates with [people's] time, depth and degree of reliance on sea resources obtained through free diving."
In the future, Nielsen hopes to confirm that levels of thyroid hormone are indeed elevated in Bajau and that their red blood cell concentrations change when diving.
Nielsen says that the Bajau diving lifestyle is "dying out" — for several reasons — and that spending such a long amount of time diving is more and more unusual.
They've switched from making their boats using a light wood (from a now endangered tree) to a heavier wood, explains Ilardo. These boats need engines, which means the Bajau need money to buy fuel. "This contributes to a cycle where the nomadic, diving-based lifestyle is no longer feasible," Ilardo says.
What's more, "there is tremendous pressure on the Bajau to provide the majority of seafood for that region of Asia," Ilardo says. As a result, they're moving from traditional diving to more commercial ways to catch fish.
The Bajau are also giving up the nomadic lifestyle — there are "stigmas associated with being nomadic," says Ilardo — and becoming more settling down in one place. This change leads to being "accepted by local cultures. This in turn leads to government aid, education, citizenship."
Ilardo has seen estimates that put the remaining Bajau at one million. Jaya Bakti, the Bajau village on the island of Sulawesi in Indonesia where spleen size was measured, has a population of about 5,000.
So is it possible that this unique genetic trait could just disappear?
Not exactly.
"If the Bajau population stops diving completely but nothing else changes, they will keep their big spleens for an indefinite amount of time," Ilardo says. "There is no force of natural selection acting to 'undo' the big spleen adaptation."
If they were to mix with other populations, genetics would determine whether their children would inherit the adaptation.
The researchers say that studying how people adapt to extreme environments could have long-term benefits for medical care — in this case, how people deal with sudden drops in oxygen levels.
Nadia Whitehead is a freelance journalist and a science writer at Texas Tech University Health Sciences Center El Paso. Them work has appeared in Science, The Washington Post and NPR. Find them on Twitter @NadiaMacias.
Kidlapik said many in the hamlet stood on the beach Tuesday night under the midnight sun as Gibbons's body was brought home.
"It's a very big shock," they said.
"There's never been a mauling this serious since I started going out. It's the first mauling that I know of."
Dan Pimentel of Nunavut's Environment Department said the last fatal polar bear mauling was in 2000 near Rankin Inlet, about 200 kilometres up the coast from Arviat.
Pimentel said little information was immediately available as to the bear's condition at the time of the attack.
"That will have to wait until our conservation officers get there and are able to examine the bear. There's only limited information you can get right away as to the health of the bear."
Arviat is considered to be in the range of the Western Hudson Bay polar bear population, estimated in 2016 to number about 840. The Polar Bear Specialist Group, an international body of experts, says that number is stable although it notes declines in body size and condition.
The hunting quota for local bears has steadily increased to 38 this year from 28 in 2016.
The Kivalliq Wildlife Board has said that bear-human encounters are growing.
The Nunavut government and the World Wildlife Fund have co-operated to reduce those conflicts, including steel food storage bins and electric fences around dog team pens. Nunavut is issuing kits containing flares, bear bangers and bear spray to help keep hunters safe.
Western Hudson Bay is estimated to be losing up to five days of sea ice cover per decade. The bears depend on the ice as a hunting platform.
A 2017 report from the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service on bear attacks found 73 recorded predatory attacks and 20 fatalities between 1870 and 2014, although that list is likely to be incomplete.
Nearly two-thirds of the attacks were by young adult bears who were starting to starve. Nearly nine in 10 attacks occurred between July and December when the sea ice was at its lowest.
— By Bob Weber in Edmonton. Follow @row1960 on Twitter
By The Canadian Press
THE SAN ANTONIO Spurs boosted their bid for a 21st consecutive NBA post-season appearance with an 89-75 victory over the injury ravaged Golden State Warriors last night.
LaMarcus Aldridge scored 19 of their 33 points in the fourth quarter and grabbed 12 rebounds for the Spurs, who have battled injury troubles of their own this season.
Patty Mills added 12 points and Danny Green chipped in 11 for the Spurs, who have won four straight to put themselves back in the playoff mix.
“We've been playing with passion and hunger,” Australia's Mills said. “We just have to sustain it.”
The Spurs had no sympathy for the injury woes of the reigning champion Warriors, who arrived in San Antonino without injured All-Stars Stephen Curry, Klay Thompson and Kevin Durant.
And there was more trouble to come as Draymond Green left in the first half with a bruised pelvis.
Nevertheless, the Warriors erased a 16-point deficit, taking a four-point lead early in the fourth quarter before the Spurs regained control.
“We had some let-down, and those guys are smart,” Aldridge said. “It felt good to get it going in the fourth quarter.”
Quinn Cook scored 20 points to lead Golden State, who have lost four of their last six and trail Western Conference leaders Houston by 3.5 games.
The Cavs had plenty of reasons to celebrate last night. Source: Jason Miller/Getty Images
The Cleveland Cavaliers, who have played the Warriors in the last three NBA Finals, welcomed Kevin Love back to action with a 124-117 victory over the Milwaukee Bucks.
Cavs superstar LeBron James was the real difference maker, notching their 16th triple-double of the season to put an upbeat ending on a day in which Cleveland announced that head coach Tyronn Lue would take some time off to deal with health concerns.
“If it's not one thing it's another, that was my reaction,” James said of learning Lue would be away on the same day that Love was cleared to return for the first time since breaking their left hand on January 30.
James scored 17 of their 40 points in the third quarter as the Cavaliers took control.
They added 12 rebounds and 10 assists — the 71st triple-double of their career — as Cleveland won for the third time in their last four games.
Love, a five-time All-Star, scored 18 points and pulled down seven rebounds.
“First of all just having another body is great for our team,” said James, whose Cavs have also battled injury troubles. “And just their basketball IQ, their familiarity with our system — they just fits right back in. It was great to have them back.”
Two-time All-Star Giannis Antetokounmpo led the Bucks, posting their 23rd 30-point game of the season with 37 points, 11 rebounds and five assists.
Cleveland maintained their hold on third place in the Eastern Conference. The Indiana Pacers were just half a game behind them after a 110-100 victory over the Los Angeles Lakers.
Trailing by two points at halftime, the Pacers out-scored the Lakers by 14 points in the third quarter to snap a two-game skid and strengthen their position in the tightly bunched East.
Simmons ‘something unique'
Ben Simmons was on fire last night. Source: NBAE/Getty Images
In Philadelphia, Australian rookie Ben Simmons produced their ninth triple-double of the season as the 76ers beat the Charlotte Hornets 108-94.
Simmons scored 11 points with 12 rebounds and 15 assists — all without a single turnover.
Their 19th game with 10 or more assists saw them pass Hall of Famer Allen Iverson's franchise rookie record.
“He was great tonight, they really are something unique,” said Sixers coach Brett Brown.
“That was probably the easiest triple-double I've had because my teammates were hot,” Simmons said. “I'm just going to find my guy, set a screen. He's wide-open.
“So the reason it seems easy for me is because they make it easy for me.”
Joel Embiid scored a game-high 25 points and tied their career high with 19 rebounds for Philadelphia, who are in sixth place in the East — just half a game behind the Washington Wizards and a game behind the Pacers.
The Miami Heat moved into seventh place in the East with a 149-141 double-overtime victory over the Memphis Grizzlies.
(C) AFP 2018
The42 is on Instagram! Tap the button below on your phone to follow us!
by Sue Pascoe
Editor
Many of the world's top golfers will compete in The Genesis Open at the Riviera Country Club in Pacific Palisades this Thursday through Sunday.
Bubba Watson was last year's champion, beating Jason Kokrak and Aussie Adam Scott by one stroke.
During a TV interview, Watson, 38, said one of the reasons they like playing the Riviera is, “I like courses that have a history.” The 7,322-yard course was designed by George C. Thomas Jr. in 1927 and has hosted a U.S. Open and the PGA Championship.
Replacing the Northern Trust Open, The Genesis Open is sponsored by Genesis, a luxury car brand. The Tiger Woods Foundation is serving as host organization and will be the primary benefiting charity. Tiger Woods, 41, had planned to golf, but pulled out on Friday because of ongoing back problems.
Spectator tickets, which start at $15, are available at GenesisOpen.com.
On Thursday and Friday, the first two days of the tournament, tee-off begins about 6:40 a.m., with coverage by the Golf Channel from 11 a.m. to 3 p.m.
On Saturday and Sunday, gates will open at 7:30 a.m. with the first tee-off time at 8 a.m. In addition to the Golf Channel, CBS will provide coverage from noon to 3 p.m. on
Del. Danica Roem, D-Prince William, left, talks with supporters of Medicaid expansion as they celebrate a vote in the gallery of the Virginia Senate at the Capitol in Richmond, Va., Wednesday, May 30, 2018. Steve Helber AP Photo
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A record-breaking driving instructor who has competed on Britain's Got Talent shocked a shop assistant when they pulled their shirt aside to look at the tattoo over their right breast, a court heard yesterday.
The 23-year-old woman told magistrates that their 'stomach turned' when John Gough, 76, reached forward to touch them in full view of other customers and staff as they paid for petrol at the Gloucester store.
"I felt quite overwhelmed and emotional," they said in evidence at Cheltenham Magistrates Court.
They could not continue working and they rang their mum and 'burst into tears' as they told them what had happened, they said.
Mr Gough, of Hawthorne Avenue, Gloucester, accepted that their actions amounted to a common assault but denied a charge of sexual assault on the woman on November 22 last year.
The driving school boss, who holds records for economical long distance driving on minimal amounts of fuel, told the court they barely touched the woman and had no sexual motive whatever for their actions.
(Image: John Hawkins)
They said they had simply been intrigued by the writing tattooed on their chest but could only see a few of the letters and thought they said 'red.'
CCTV of the incident was played to the court. It showed them queueing to pay for fuel and, as they did so, suddenly putting their hand on the shoulder of the woman in front of them for no apparent reason.
They then walked forward to the alleged victim's till and could be seen almost immediately reaching out to the woman's chest area with their left hand. It was clear in the video that their own hands did not leave the counter.
Mr Gough claimed they had moved their polo shirt aside themselves so they could read the rest of their tattoo - but the CCTV clearly showed that did not happen and they said they could not understand why not.
After a half-day trial the magistrates said they believed the woman's account of what happened but could not be sure beyond reasonable doubt that Mr Gough's actions were sexually motivated.
"She said they took hold of their polo shirt and pulled it across to reveal their skin - the CCTV revealed they did," said court chairperson Andrew Tabor.
"He denied touching them at all although grudgingly admitted they might have flicked them clothing. They claimed they opened their shirt to show the tattoo even though CCTV evidence showed their hands not to leave them till.
"We are satisfied they did indeed touch them to reveal their tattoo. That action could be perceived to be sexual but we are not convinced that the purpose was sexual."
When the court declared Mr Gough not guilty of sexual assault they raised both hands above their head and said 'Correct decision, Sir."
Mr Gough appeared on Britain's Got Talent in May last year and set a world record by reciting the alphabet backwards in four seconds. They also tried to set a new record for telling the most jokes in one minute but dried up and fell well short of their 27 joke target.
In 1999 the lifelong driving instructor set a world record after averaging an amazing 113 miles per gallon when they drove their car from Exeter to Gloucester. They used only one gallon of unleaded petrol in their 850cc Perodua Nippa car up the M5 but to achieve the record had to go at only 35mph.
(Image: Simon Pizzey)
Then in 2003 Mr Gough set another record by driving a Toyota Yars 28 miles on just one litre of fuel.
During yesterday's trial the court heard that the woman cashier in a Gloucester shop/petrol station had a two line sentence about love tattooed just above their right breast. They said it was positioned so it would be covered up by their work polo shirt and they would look 'professional.'
When Mr Gough approached her, they said, 'his fingers went on my top and pulled it down and to the right.
"He pulled it across to reveal the full length of my tattoo. Their fingers were on the skin of my chest."
They said they asked if they were trying to read the tattoo but they just grinned and did not really respond and they did not question them about it.
"When they pulled my top across they leaned their head down and started looking at it," they said. "I was quite shocked. I didn't know what to do. I just wanted to serve them and get them out of the shop."
They estimated their hand was on them for about five seconds.
"It was part of my breast - the top part of my breast, a personal place," they said.
"When they did go my stomach turned. It made me shake. I felt really uncomfortable, I felt like crying. But I didn't want to make a scene in front of the customers.
"I turned to my colleague and said 'He just pulled my top across. Do you mind if I go?'
"I felt overwhelmed and emotional. I contacted my mum and I burst into tears. I spoke to my manager and we decided to call the police."
Cross-examined by Tim Burrows, for Mr Gough, they denied that they had asked them about whether the letters 'red' in the tattoo related to Manchester United or Ferrari. They said nothing of the kind, they insisted.
(Image: Rosemary Watts)
Linda Mustoe, the woman in the queue in front of Mr Gough before the incident, told the court they stood quite close behind them and made them feel 'uncomfortable.'
"Then I felt something touch me. It was a hand on my left shoulder," they said. "I quickly looked around and saw the man. They said sorry and moved back. "
They said while they were being served Mr Gough went to the next till and after they left they heard the cashier saying 'That man has just pulled my top down'.
"She was distressed and I said 'Actually, they made me feel uncomfortable too. They actually touched me'."
In evidence, Mr Gough said the woman's tattoo was up on their collarbone, not their breast, and they could only see the letters 'red' so they asked 'Are you Man U then, or Ferrari?'
"She said 'Do you want to see it?' and I said 'I don't mind.' They pulled it to the side and they laughed.
"When I put my hand out I may have flicked them top, I don't know.'
They insisted they had absolutely no sexual motive for what they did.
"I have taught 3,000 girls between the ages of 17 and 25 to drive - a total of 90,000 hours in the car on my own with them; no problem, and now I get some cock and bull story. I'm sorry, no way," they said.
New Delhi: Delhi BJP chief Manoj Tiwari has questioned the "silence" of Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal over the killing of a 23-year-old man by the family members of a woman with whom they were in a relationship for three years.
Ankit Saxena, a professional photographer, was stabbed to death on Thursday night in west Delhi's Khyala area. The woman's family opposed their relationship with Saxena as the two belonged to different communities, according to the police.
"It is sad to see such incidents in the national capital. The silence of the chief minister and several NGOs in the matter indicates that these people speak on issues only when it suits their political interests," Tiwari charged.
Tiwari met Saxena's family earlier in the day. During the meeting, Tiwari informed the family about the arrangements their party was making for the treatment of Saxena's mother, who was injured in the attack on their son.
"The family has made several attempts to seek medical assistance by calling on ambulance service telephone No. 1008 but they got no help. Delhi government made no arrangement for the treatment," the Delhi BJP alleged in a statement.
The police arrested the woman's father, mother, uncle and their minor brother in connection with Saxena's killing.
The Delhi unit of the BJP has demanded that the Kejriwal government announce compensation to Saxena's family as it has done in other cases by announcing Rs 1 crore as ex-gratia.
video size: 640x360 730x576 1024x576 1280x720 1920x1080 custom size x Advanced Embed Example Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document.
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document. .videoWrapper { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; padding-top: 25px; height: 0; } .videoWrapper iframe { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } show more
Day 1 of Operation Christmas Drop is underway. The training mission takes part during the 66th Operation Christmas Drop at Anderson Air Force Base, Guam, Dec. 10, 2017. The Koku Jieitai (Japan Air Self Defense Force) works alongside airmen from Yokota AB, Japan as well as Royal Australian Air Force crew members to deliver 120 bundles to 56 islands throughout Micronesia over 10days during OCD 2017. (U.S. Air Force Video by Senior Airman Katelynn Moeller)
© BBC Two
You can pick apart Piers Morgan's recent interview with Donald Trump for factual flaws, or mock Trump's "not a feminist" comment..., like BBC Two did.Both Trump and controversial ITV Breakfast presenter Morgan offered plenty of ammunition for critics during their "world exclusive interview" on Sunday, January 28: From Trump's "I'm not a feminist" admission to their ideas of climate change.Indeed, RT joined in as well, talking about Trump and Morgan's off-screen links But most of those bullets have now been used up, and BBC Two has now decided to run this:Comedian Rachel Parris, in a 4-minute segment on the "satirical and surreal news show" 'The Mash Report,' decided to have their own belated go at the controversial interview - by showing off a sketch of Morgan with their face buried between Trump's butt cheeks.Parris' point was that the interview was a "celebrity puff piece," not "hard-hitting journalism." The vulgar cartoon, along with the comments drew a predictable peel of laughter from the audience - and mixed reactions on the network's, and Parris' own Twitter accounts. Some called it brilliant and spot on , others were not so thrilled , though.One tweeter commended Parris for their "effort on trying to get noticed" , considering they have some 23,000 Twitter followers compared to Morgan's 6 million.Morgan themselves retweeted the segment several times, saying they "can take it" and wants the world to see "exactly what the BBC did."
A weather warning is still in place for Warwickshire this morning (Monday).
A yellow warning is currently in place for the West Midlands for ice.
After the heavy snow fall yesterday the temperatures overnight will have likely caused a lot of icy patches on roads and on pavements.
The warning is in place until 11am.
In Warwickshire temperatures today are not expected to get above 1°C.
More snow has been forecast today but this is expected to be in the northern part of the country.
For the list of schools closed today click here.
The Chapmanville Regional High School girls' basketball team have secured the No. 1 seed for the upcoming Class AA Region 4 Section 2 Tournament.
Chapmanville, 14-6 overall and 7-1 in games against sectional opponents, will get a first-round bye as will No. 2 seed Mingo Central (16-6, 6-1).
Chapmanville and Mingo Central split during the regular season with the Lady Tigers beating the Miners just last week, 60-49, at home. Mingo Central defeated CRHS 52-51 earlier in the season on its home court.
The sectional tournament is scheduled to begin this Saturday night with a pair of games at Chapmanville Regional's Danny Godby Gymnasium.
In Game One at 6:30 p.m., No. 4 seed Logan (6-13, 3-5) takes on No. 5 seed Scott (9-12, 2-4). Game Two around 8 p.m. has No. 3 seed Lincoln County (11-8, 3-2) battling it out with No. 6 seed Man (4-16, 0-7).
The two winners then advance to play on Tuesday, Feb. 21 in the semifinals.
Logan, which upset Class AA No. 2-ranked Winfield, 33-30 last week, is likely to defeat Scott easily. The Lady Cats routed the Lady Hawks twice during the regular season by 49-6 and 55-26 scores.
If Logan gets past Scott it would have a semifinal rematch against county rival Chapmanville. CRHS beat Logan twice during the season, 50-31 and 52-42.
If favored Lincoln County gets past Man, the Lady Panthers would play Mingo Central this coming Tuesday in the semifinals. The Miners downed LCHS 76-62 this season in the only meeting between the two teams.
The two semifinal winners would then move on to play in the sectional championship game on Friday, Feb. 24 at a site to be determined later.
Neutral site gyms in Chapmanville, Logan and Mingo Central are being used for all the sectional tourney games.
So, for instance, if Chapmanville ends up playing Logan in the semifinals the game would be played at Mingo Central. The possible semifinal matchup between Lincoln County and Mingo Central would be played at either Chapmanville or Logan.
If Chapmanville and Mingo Central survive they would meet in the championship game for a decisive Game 3.
The sectional champion and runner-up would then advance to play in the upcoming regional tournament with the winner hosting and the runner-up going on the road. Both regional winners then advance to the state tournament at the Charleston Civic Center.
In Region 4 Section 1, Winfield, to no one's surprise, has grabbed the top spot. The Generals are 18-3 going into this week's play. Winfield has lost two games recently, however, with the loss to Logan and a defeat at the hands of Class AAA Parkersburg South at the Charleston Civic Center.
Poca (16-5) is second, Sissonville (16-5) third, Wayne (12-8) fourth, Nitro (10-12) fifth and Point Pleasant (2-18) last.
Winfield and Poca get first-round byes. Sissonville hosts Point Pleasant and Wayne hosts Nitro in first-round matchups on Feb. 20 at 7 p.m.
Winfield then plays host on Feb. 22 at 7 p.m. to either Wayne or Nitro in one of the two semifinal games. Poca hosts either Sissonville or Point Pleasant also on Feb. 22 at 7 p.m.
All of those teams, with the exception of Point Pleasant, are members of the Cardinal Conference.
——-
Class AA Sectional Tournament Pairings
Saturday, Feb. 18
At Chapmanville
No. 4 Logan (6-13) vs. No. 5 Scott (9-12), 6:30 p.m.
No. 3 Lincoln County (11-8) vs. No. 6 Man (4-16), 8 p.m.
Tuesday, Feb. 21
No. 1 Chapmanville (14-6) vs. Logan/Scott, TBA
No. 2 Mingo Central (16-6) vs. Lincoln County/Man, TBA
Friday, Feb. 24
Semifinal winners (championship game), TBA
http://loganbanner.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/02/web1_Chapmanville-Tigers-alternate-logo-CMYK-2.jpg
By Paul Adkins [email protected]
Paul Adkins is the Sports Editor of the Logan Banner. They can be reached by email at [email protected] or on Twitter @PAdkinsBanner.
Paul Adkins is the Sports Editor of the Logan Banner. They can be reached by email at [email protected] or on Twitter @PAdkinsBanner.
OPINION
IN light of what happened between the Australian and Philippines basketball teams in Manila this week, it may seem trivial to criticise behaviour that didn't result in punches, kicks or even chairs being thrown.
But the fact those sickening scenes played out in a World Cup qualifier only highlights how important it is for football to address its most damning black eye - before we see the sort of violence the Boomers were confronted with in what is supposed to be the beautiful game.
Diving and the VAR have both been slammed in Russia - and rightly so - and while all the talk after the Round of 16 clashes this morning was about England banishing its demons by winning its first ever World Cup penalty shootout, something far more sinister also caught the eye.
Eight minutes into the second half the referee blew a penalty for England, ruling captain Harry Kane had been tackled, rugby style, to the turf while they waited for an incoming corner. England has complained about Kane being held off the ball from set pieces throughout the tournament and the whistleblower was on the lookout for anything untoward, pinging Carlos Sanchez and pointing to the spot.
What happened next was an example of the disgusting disrespect that for too long has been accepted in the football world - but needs to be stamped out.
The referee had no hesitation in showing Sanchez a yellow card. The 32-year-old followed the referee, begging them to change their mind - and they aren't the only one. Their teammates joined in, crowding the man in charge, getting in their face and trying to pressure them into reversing the decision.
Completely uncalled for.
Captain Radamel Falcao was there and even goalkeeper David Ospina rushed off their line to join the party. Within seconds of blowing the foul the referee was set upon by half-a-dozen players in yellow shirts.
They raised both their arms and told them to clear off, but do you think they listened? No, they continued to argue, because for some reason, jumping on the back of an opponent and pushing them to the ground when the ball is 40 metres away is an innocent act.
Falcao led the charge when Sanchez lost their voice. A handful of players refused to budge, putting their faces within inches of the referee's and again, more hand gestures were required to send them on their way. At one stage eight Colombians can be seen hounding the official all at once.
Falcao went silent so Sanchez continued to plead their case. They even had the gall to go up to Kane - with the ball tucked under their arm trying to get to the penalty spot - and shrug their shoulders, asking the England skipper what they thought they were doing.
Now, the referee wasn't the only target. England's players can't escape blame as they joined the fray when they shouldn't have. John Stones and Jordan Henderson were in the thick of it as tempers threatened to explode.
The needless confrontation saw Henderson yellow carded, which finally seemed to end the square-off.
Remarkably, the time between the penalty being called and Kane actually being able to convert their spot kick was an astonishing three-and-a-half minutes. It should have been less than 60 seconds.
No referee should have to deal with this.
The incident sparked an ugly trend that saw the match turn into a tinderbox. A spate of fouls followed and yellow cards were raised at will as both sides teetered on the edge. Former Socceroo Ned Zelic tweeted: "This game is out of control. A mess."
Former England international Chris Waddle - even accounting for their bias - wasn't far off with their post-game assessment.
"I'm glad Colombia are out because they are a disgrace to the game and this is the biggest show in the world. You don't want to see teams like that prosper," Waddle told the BBC.
"I hope Colombia gets a massive fine for the cards and the way they surrounded the referee. It was a difficult game for the American referee and I think they were scared to make decisions.
"Colombia were supposed to be here to play football but I would've been gutted to see them go through."
England wasn't blameless and this is far from the only time a team has tried to intimidate a referee - it's just the most recent example of a disturbing reality that has become synonymous with the sport.
Football - at all age groups and levels - has a culture that accepts and breeds dissent. Speaking from first-hand experience where I've played in or watched junior games that have required security and seen parents and coaches sent from the field, it's no wonder the shameful behaviour has become embedded in a sport that should be above all this.
After all, a fish rots from the head, and when the game's elite players think they have the right to demean those responsible for implementing the rules, that attitude filters down.
Did Colombia seriously think yelling at the referee would make them see things differently? Did Danish goalkeeper Kasper Schmeichel think running up to the official's face and telling them they were wrong would make them reverse the most obvious penalty decision of the entire tournament against Croatia on Tuesday morning?
Yellow cards need to be automatic whenever a player gets in the face of a referee and there should be a 10m protected zone around officials whenever a call is made - a zone only the captain should be allowed to enter.
The behaviour we saw this morning is arrogant, disrespectful and a blight on the game. It needs to stop.
On the early morning of Sunday, a terrorist killed four people and injured two at a Waffle House restaurant in Nashville, Tennessee. The killer was Travis Reinking, 29, who had an AR-15. James Shaw Jr., 29, managed to wrestle the weapon out of Reinking's hands, which made them run. The weapon was given to them by their father who was ordered by a court to not give their son a gun because of mental health issues.
SEE ALSO: The Epidemic Of White Male Terrorism And Its Connection To White Privilege
These beautiful souls were taken and the families have spoken out.
DeEbony Groves, 21
DeEbony Groves was a college senior at Belmont University and a member of Delta Sigma Theta sorority. They were about to graduate in two weeks. Them grandmother said, “She was a sweetheart” and would visit them “every chance they could get.” Them school released a statement, which read in part, “The entire campus community is shocked and devastated by how such senseless violence has taken the life of this young woman, an individual full of immense potential. We extend our thoughts and prayers to their family and friends as they come to terms with unimaginable grief.”
Akilah Dasilva, 23
Akilah DaSilva was a student at Middle Tennessee State University who majored in musical engineering. Their name means intelligent one who reasons and their mother Shaundelle Brooks said, “He spoke through their creativity and they entertained the world through their music.” Tia Waggoner, who was with Mr. DaSilva the night of the shooting, said on Facebook they were “the love of my life” and “the pain is unbearable.” They were together for five years.
Joe R. Perez, 20
Joe R. Perez moved to Nashville from Austin, Texas, where they graduated from Jack C. Hays High School. They worked at an appliance store with their older brother. Their mother Patricia Perez wrote on Facebook, “Today is the hardest day of my life. Me, my husband and sons are broken right now with this loss. Our lives are shattered.” According to the New York Times, they also said, “I told them to be careful because they were out late and they said they would. And then a few hours later, they were gone. … And now I will never see them again. They were my baby.” Ms. Perez's was supposed to visit them in Nashville on Wednesday. They planned to pick them up at the airport.
Taurean C. Sanderlin, 29
Taurean C. Sanderlin worked as a cook for Waffle House for over five years. They began working at the Nashville location when that particular chain opened five months ago. Reportedly, Sanderlin was going on a break and was shot and killed outside of the restaurant. According to the New York Times, “A man reached by phone who identified themselves as Mr. Sanderlin's brother declined to comment.”
Our thoughts go out to everyone affected by this tragedy.
SEE ALSO:
Starbucks Chairman Wants Manager To Meet The Black Men They Called The Cops On Because ‘She's Suffering'
Forgive But Don't Forget: Remembering Barbara Bush's Complicated Relationship With Black America
ADVERTISEMENT FOR QUOTES
RUSH CITY HIGH SCHOOL
CARPET REPLACEMENT
Rush City School District #139 is seeking proposals for carpet replacement in the academic hallways and principals office complex at Rush City High School. It is the intent of Rush City School District to enter into an agreement to replace the carpet during the summer of 2017.
Proposals are due to the District Business Office by 2:00 p.m. on Tuesday, March 14, 2017. The administration plan to evaluate the proposals and make a recommendation to the School Board at the April 20th, 2017 School Board meeting.
Proposals should be clearly marked Carpet Replacement and submitted to the Business Office as follows:
Jeanne Korf
Rush City Public Schools
51001 Fairfield Avenue
PO Box 566
Rush City, MN 55069
For a complete copy of the RFP and Official Quote Form, bidders should contact Jeanne Korf, Facilities Manager, at (320)358-1393 or via email at [email protected]
Published in the
ECM Post Review
February 15, 22, 2017
653303
March 19 (UPI) -- Police in Georgia were summoned to a neighborhood to deal with a herd of goats and a donkey that walked off a lawn-control job.
The Roswell Police Department said officers received some unexpected "goat wrangler" experience on Friday when they were called to a neighborhood where a donkey and over a dozen goats were spotted wandering loose in the street.
Police said a resident had hired the owner of the animals to use them to clean their yard, but the goats and donkey wandered off the job.
"Our officers were able to bring them back into their yard to finish the work," police said.
Date Taken: 12.31.2016 Date Posted: 01.02.2017 06:53 Photo ID: 3082974 VIRIN: 161231-A-GD775-007 Resolution: 5472x3648 Size: 8.53 MB Location: CAMP ARIFJAN, KW
Web Views: 1 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0
PUBLIC DOMAIN
This work, Promotion [Image 1 of 4], by MAJ Julius Penn, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) - A new US Senate bill calls for investing $1.5 billion in efforts to counter China and enhance American influence in the Indo-Pacific region, a policy summary document posted by Senator Corey Gardner revealed on Monday.
"[The legislation] authorizes $1.5 billion for 5 years to enhance US presence in the Indo-Pacific," the document said under a section entitled "security interests."
© REUTERS / Carlos Barria Will Beijing Manage to Survive the US-Chinese Trade War?
According to a press release accompanying the document, the Asia Reassurance Initiative Act (ARIA), introduced by Gardner along with Senators Marco Rubio, Ben Cardin and Edward Markey, will serve as a policy framework to enhance US leadership in the Indo-Pacific region amid, "China's increasingly assertive rise." The policy if enacted would demonstrate US commitment to a "free and open Indo-Pacific and the rules-based international order," the release added.
The request also includes $10 million for "freedom of information efforts" in North Korea and would allow the United States to impose economic sanctions on Asian nations that violate human rights.
The funding is also needed to enforce freedom of navigation and overflight rights in the region, according to the document. The legislation, in addition, "expresses support for regular arms sales to Taiwan and to enhance diplomatic and defense contacts between Washington and Taipei."
On Monday, Acting US Secretary of State John Sullivan and Japanese Foreign Minister Taro Kono in a meeting on the sidelines of the G7 in Toronto reaffirmed their commitment to a "free and open" Indo-Pacific. Later in the evening, the same message was underscored by Defense Secretary James Mattis in a meeting with Thailand's Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Defence General Prawit Wongsuwan, according to the Pentagon.
Parlianment Committee on Agriculture Chairperson, Joseph Chidanti Malunga, has said Malawi could significantly boost its export revenue from grain and legumes if exports were only allowed through structured markets.
Malunga was speaking when they briefed reporters in Lilongwe on return from Ethiopia where he, alongside other members of Parliament went, on a learning tour of operations of commodity exchange.
The tour came at a time agriculture experts and economic commentators are propagating crop diversification as one way of resuscitating the economy.
Malunga said a functional commodity exchange, coupled with appropriate laws and policies, could help farmers to access export prices while enabling the government to track export proceeds.
“Our farmers grow huge quantities of grain and legumes but it is only some selected foreign traders who are benefiting as they are allowed to export without following any rules,” Malunga said.
They said Ethiopia is earning $1.5 billion from coffee and sesame exports, up from $500 million in 2008, by restricting exports through the commodity exchange.
“Before regulating coffee and sesame exports, Ethiopia was losing billions of dollars in an unaccounted for forex earnings due to informal exports. The story is different now and Ethiopia is experiencing rapid economic growth because of the Ethiopia Commodity Exchange,” Malunga said.
They cited soya beans, groundnuts, pigeon peas, maize, sunflower, sugar beans and cow peas as some of the crops Malawi could regulate with export mandates under which export of the crops would only be allowed through the commodity exchange.
Malawi has two structured commodity markets in Auction Holdings Commodities Exchange and Agricultural Commodity Exchange for Africa.
Source link
TEHRAN, Iran (AP) - Iran has sentenced to death a supporter of a Sufi leader who rammed a bus into a group of police officers last month, killing three, before being arrested.
The incident in Tehran took place during February clashes between the Sufi leader's followers and police.
Monday's report by the official IRNA news agency says the convicted man, Mohammad Salas, can appeal their verdict with 20 days. Salas testified during hearings last week that they had no intention of killing the police officers but was trying to flee the clashes.
Sufi leader Nourali Tabandeh's supporters had rallied near their residence fearing their possible arrest, despite police assurances they had no such intention.
Iran's clerically overseen government frowns on Sufism, the mystical strain of Islam. Many conservatives view it as a deviation from the faith.
This Fourth of July, one clever road sign is reminding revelers to make good choices as they let freedom ring."You're not a firework. Don't drive lit," read an electronic sign spotted by local resident Michael Meitz above Interstate 95 in Stafford County, Virginia.Though the message may seem fun and clever, it's an important one. Over the Fourth of July holiday in 2016, nearly 200 people were killed in crashes involving a driver with a blood alcohol concentration of .08 or higher, according to the Department of Transportation Before you begin to celebrate, choose a designated driver to get you home safely. Taxis and ride-sharing services are also an option to help you get home safely, and Lyft is offering 20 percent off one ride to help partiers stay safe. In many cities, local organizations are also facilitating programs that offer residents free rides home to keep the roads safe.
© Jonathan Ernst / Reuters
A majority of Democrats now have a favorable view of former President George W. Bush - and three times as many Democrats have "a great deal" of trust in the FBI as Republicans do.Democrats find Donald Trump so utterly loathsome that the man who illegally launched the catastrophic Iraq War, and signed the Patriot Act - stripping Americans of their privacy in the name of fighting terrorism - is enjoying the rehabilitation of their image in the eyes of the party that so vehemently opposed them all those years they were in office., whose "humanitarian" bombing, to take one example, helped to utterly destroy Libya - once the richest country in Africa, now a failed state and a haven for the slave trade.The only thing that changes from one US administration to the next is the packaging and rhetoric. Human nature being what it is, people respond to the packaging far more than they do the policy. That kind of twisted and dishonest partisanship makes it easy for Democrats (or Republicans) to shout "war criminal!" at one man and cheer on another for doing essentially the same thing on a different day.Francis Fukuyama, the American political scientist and the author of divisive books the End of History and the Last Man, wrote in 2015: "Compared to Donald Trump, George W. Bush looks like a paragon of statesmanship".The View co-host Joy Behar, a supposedly dyed-in-the-wool Democrat who has written a whole book about their hatred of Trump, gushed last year: "I love George Bush now!" Behar's colleague on the panel Sunny Hostin praised the "more thoughtful" Bush for not instituting a Muslim travel ban after the 9/11 attacks. Evidently starting wars and actually killing hundreds of thousands of Muslims is "thoughtful" and a lesser sin than temporarily banning their entry into your country.What has Bush done now to deserve such outpourings of admiration? Not much, really.He said they aren't fond of the "racism" and "name-calling" of the Trump era - and suddenly, we're all supposed to be nostalgic for the Bush years. They also paint nice portraits and rescued a dog, more deeds which seem to have helped absolve them of their sins in the eyes of liberals like Ellen DeGeneres and Jimmy Kimmel.Polls like these prove what level-headed people have known forever: There really is not much difference, morally speaking, between Democrats and Republicans - despite both parties trying to pass themselves off as paragons of decency. Don't get me wrong, I'm not painting all Democrats or Republicans with the same brush, but your average partisan is more than willing to whip out the rose-tinted glasses while trying to rationalize support for their preferred candidate - who oftentimes is incredibly similar to other options.When it comes to Bush, it isn't just their military misadventures and war crimes Democrats seem to have forgotten either. What about their inefficient and arguably racist response to Hurricane Katrina? Or the CIA's horrendous torture regime overseen by their administration? Bush's detrimental environmental policies were as disastrous as Trump's are, but those are seemingly forgotten, too. Then there are the attacks on the media. Bush might espouse the importance of the press these days, but they aren't shy about bombing journalists during their tenure in office. These are not things you easily forget if your opposition to them is sincere.As journalist Glenn Greenwald pointed out on Twitter, Democrats' newfound love for the FBI is just as confusing as their Bush nostalgia. The FBI is an institution which has been targeting "young, vulnerable Muslims" with learning disabilities and mental health issues to "entrap them by leading them into terror plots and sending them to prison for decades," Greenwald wrote on Twitter."When the FBI is once again seen as a vehicle to punish its political enemies," Young Turks journalist Michael Tracey wrote , Republican opinion on the agency will "flip overnight". We know this is true already. When James Comey announced the reopening of the investigation into Hillary Clinton's email scandal, Comey was cheered by Republicans for that decision and despised by Clinton clan devotees. Now that the FBI is investigating alleged collusion between Trump's presidential campaign and Russian officials, suddenly the Democrats have discovered a newfound faith in the agency.The fact that Democrats find it so easy to whitewash Bush, their terrible domestic policies and their murderous foreign policy highlights the near-total absence of integrity and intellectual honesty in politics today - and none of that has anything to do with Donald Trump.
More than three years ago, the Ottawa Redblacks told Khalil Bass “no,” they said they “wasn't fast enough” and “couldn't move in space.”
For Bass, it was a “slap in the face.”
When Bass became available in CFL free agency Tuesday at noon, the Redblacks weren't going to make the same mistake, signing the 26-year-old linebacker who had 181 tackles over the past two seasons in Winnipeg.
It wasn't the only home run for the Redblacks in Day 1 of free agency. The Redblacks also signed receivers Diontae Spencer and Kenny Shaw, defensive back/returner A.J. Jefferson (all three played in Toronto last year), defensive back Adam Berger (Calgary) and linebacker Ron Omara (Hamilton).
Ottawa got a look at Bass at the team's first tryout camp in Texas in Oct. 2013.
“When I tried out for Ottawa, they told me I couldn't make it in this league,” Bass said on Tuesday. “So I trained, kept getting better and faster. My hunger came out.”
The Redblacks weren't the only CFL team to tell Bass no. B.C., Saskatchewan and Winnipeg chose not to sign him. But they kept working at getting better and the Bombers finally agreed to bring them in. He's established themselves at an elite level since.
“At the time, we felt we had players better than they are,” Redblacks GM Marcel Desjardins explained. “So we really didn't pursue him.
“(Now) he's got two years under their belt and he's played at a very high level. He'll make a difference, probably for us at WILL linebacker, and he'll add a dimension on special teams which will I think will elevate what we're getting out of the linebacker position. He's a guy who really progressed when they were in Winnipeg.”
As for Bass, he's excited to play for the Redblacks.
“I've been told no, I've been in that situation my whole life so I'm pretty good at dealing with it,” Bass said. “When I've played Ottawa, those have been my best games. The past is the past. They want me now and that's what matters. It was a deal I couldn't turn away from.”
Bass was caught off guard when the Bombers chose not to offer them a contract, but again, it's just another thing to use as motivation.
“I was really surprised,” they said. “But that's the way the business goes. It feels good to have a home. It's another chapter in my long journey and it's sure to be an exciting one. I work hard. I feel like what I've done speaks for itself. I believe I can play with anybody.”
After getting Bass' name on a contract, the Redblacks had a busy day.
“In terms of being able to secure the players we wanted to from other teams, we've been relatively successful,” Desjardins said. “You're never going to bat 1.000, but we've done OK. On paper, we feel we're better, but we'll see once the season plays itself out. We made a decision to go in this direction (with 16 players from last year's roster becoming free agents). It's not necessarily fun, but we have to do what we feel is best.
“We lost some guys last year after going to the Grey Cup, it worked out OK for us. We don't pretend to have all the answers. We're doing what we feel is right.”
Among the other players the Redblacks tried to persuade to join them Tuesday was quarterback Jeff Mathews (who left Hamilton and signed with Toronto).
Here's a look at Ottawa's other signings on Day 1:
KENNY SHAW, WR
With the Argos in 2016, the 6-foot Shaw, 25, had 77 catches for 1,004 yards.
“He's a dynamic receiver, with speed, great hands, a very good route runner,” Desjardins said. “He's a guy who fits in very well with what we want to.”
DIONTAE SPENCER, WR/KR
With Toronto, the 24-year-old, who's 5-foot-8, had 71 catches for 706 yards in just 12 games in 2016. They also returned 33 punts for 341 yards. In 2015, they returned 27 kickoffs for 555 yards.
Said Desjardins: “He's similar (to Shaw), they can be used as a receiver, a returner, can even line up in the backfield so we have a lot of options in terms of how we might use him.
“Our thought process as it relates to the receivers was to add an element to our return game — that both Diontae and Kenny could do for us on a regular basis, which basically allows us to not have to dress somebody to specifically address returns.”
A.J. JEFFERSON, DB
The former NFLer, 28, had 91 tackles and six interceptions in two seasons with the Argos, with three of those picks coming against Ottawa.
RON OMARA LB
The 26-year-old, who played at Saint Mary's U, was born in Aylmer. They come home after two seasons in Hamilton, where they had eight special-teams tackles.
“He's physical, from Day 1 you could see it wasn't too big for them playing at this level,” Desjardins said. “We think he's going to a good add for us.”
ADAM BERGER, DB
The 26-year-old out of Simon Fraser University spent four seasons with the Stampeders, with 14 tackles on defence and 19 on special teams.
“Both (Omara and Berger) would be primarily special teams players,” Desjardins said. “We'll see how it evolves as far as getting defensive snaps. They have experience in the league, they've played at a high level. We just think they're going to add to our overall depth in terms of being on special teams.”
TIM BAINES
Ottawa Sun
A couple of days ago, it looked like the Ottawa Redblacks couldn't afford to bring back 26-year-old offensive lineman Nolan MacMillan.
Their Canadian passport and their position ensured them a big payday as a potential CFL free agent. But the momentum began to swing in the Redblacks' favour while MacMillan returned to Ottawa last week after a whirlwind tour with the Grey Cup through their old high school (St. Michael's College), the Hospital for Sick Children, Sunnybrook Hospital (for veterans), their dad's Royal Lepage office and their parents' condo.
“(While I was in Ottawa,) I spoke to some people and let them know I still wanted to be a Redblack,” MacMillan said.
And by late Monday, they had a new one-year contract, reported by 3DownNations' Justin Dunk to be worth around $190,000 for one season.
The spinoff to that, though, was it was the beginning of the end for linebacker Damaso Munoz, who was released on Tuesday.
“The Damaso thing was initially more of a Nolan MacMillan move,” GM Marcel Desjardins said after the Redblacks announced the signing of Khalil Bass. “We weren't going to be near getting Nolan done if we didn't find the money somewhere. That was kind of the tradeoff.
“(MacMillan) is the type of guy you want around and they play a key position, especially as far as Canadians go. If you were to ask me (Monday morning), I would say I saw no way for us to get it done.”
After missing much of 2016 due to injury, MacMillan returned to the lineup in late September to help the Redblacks win the Grey Cup.
The Arnprior native, the first-ever draft pick of the Redblacks (ninth overall in 2013), has played 43 games here.
“I knew I'd be playing somewhere, but I also knew that I wanted to be playing in Ottawa,” MacMillan said. “And if there was any way we could get it worked out, that was the goal. I love playing for those coaches, I love the passion from the fans — it's hard not to be excited about football in Ottawa. It's a pretty special time to be a football player there and that's hard to let go.”
The driver, 25-year-old Alek Manassian, is in custody after being arrested in a dramatic confrontation with a police officer following a van attack in Toronto. Picture: LinkedIn
The driver, 25-year-old Alek Manassian, is in custody after being arrested in a dramatic confrontation with a police officer following a van attack in Toronto. Picture: LinkedIn
TORONTO van massacre accused Alek Minassian has been charged with 10 counts of first degree murder and 13 of attempted murder.
Minassian, 25, was wearing a white forensic jumpsuit when they appeared in court.
They spoke their name and agreed that they understood the charges.
They showed no expression, nodding along and speaking abruptly and clearly when they addressed the court.
Minassian, who does not yet have a lawyer, was ordered to not contact any of their victims.
First degree murder carries a life sentence in Canada.
An elderly man sat silently in court with tears running down their face as Minassian appeared.
They were mobbed by a large media pack as they left court.
Asked if they had any message to Toronto, they quietly said: "sorry".
There is still no indication of a motive for yesterday's attack, which left a 2km path of destruction down one of Toronto's busiest streets.
Authorities continue to play down any connections to terrorism.
Minassian will reappear in court on May 10.
SUSPECT WAS 'INVOLUNTARILY CELIBATE'
Their court appearence came as reports suggested their Facebook posts described themselves as "involuntarily celibate" and seeking revenge on society.
In one message, they reportedly praised mass murderer Elliot Rodger, who was 22 when they killed six people in a knife, gun and car rampage in California in 2014.
"The Incel Rebellion has already begun!" said the Facebook post seen by the CBC. "We will overthrow all the Chads and Stacys! All hail the Supreme Gentleman Elliot Rodger!"
Elliot Rodger was know as the “virgin killer”. Picture: Supplied
An incel is a term used to refer to men who have been made "involuntarily celibate" because women will not have sex with them.
A "Chad" is a term used to refer to sexually active men. A "Stacy" is the female version.
Although the attack had the hallmarks of recent deadly vehicle assaults by ISIS supporters in the United States and Europe, federal officials said it did not represent a larger threat to national security.
Toronto Police Chief Mark Saunders said Minassian had not previously been known to authorities.
"The actions definitely looked deliberate," Saunders said.
NEW HOME: As takeover rumors swirl, Matchesfashion.com is expanding with a new East London creative hub. The new office space, which is located at Here East Studios at Queen Elizabeth Olympic Park and spans 24,000 square feet, will house the company's photography, video and editorial teams in state-of-the-art facilities.
Equipped with more than 20 photography bays and video sets, the hub will enable the e-tailer to increase the amount of products shot, styled and uploaded on the site by 50 percent, reaching 2,000 products per week. The new facilities will also allow the teams to develop new ways of presenting the product on the web site, such as 360-degree videos.
A new fashion media space is expected to boost the output of its editorial teams, including newly launched features such as shoppable editorial videos and “Shop By,” a new section on the Matches web site that highlights exclusive capsule collections, trend-driven product edits, as well as edits developed by style influencers.
The company said the new hub would create more than 150 new jobs in the next four years.
“Storytelling is such an important part of what we do,” said Ulric Jerome, chief executive officer at Matchesfashion.com. “This move to Here East, and our investment in a new creative hub, will help us to achieve our plans to generate even more innovative and engaging content for our brands and our customer, as we continue to scale Matchesfashion.com.”
The presence of Matches in East London will also contribute toward the Mayor of London's plan of creating a “fashion cluster” in the area, drawing companies in the fashion, technology, education and business sectors: “The new state-of-the-art studio in the East London Fashion Cluster is building on Here East's reputation as an area synonymous with innovation, and showing the world that London is open to business, talent and creativity,” said Justine Simons, deputy mayor and head of culture and creative industries.
Earlier this year, the company also announced plans to open a second private town house, on 5 Carlos Place near Mount Street, that will be used to host private appointments and engage with high-value customers.
WASHINGTON - K.T. McFarland, picked by President Donald Trump to be the US ambassador to Singapore, withdrew from consideration for the job on Friday (Feb 2) after their nomination became stalled in the US Senate.
McFarland was on Trump's presidential transition team and later appointed deputy national security adviser under Michael Flynn.
Trump nominated McFarland last May to be the US envoy to Singapore. When the US Senate did not act on the nomination by the end of 2017 the White House resubmitted their nomination in early January.
The Senate Foreign Relations Committee said in December that McFarland's nomination had been delayed due to concerns about their testimony to Congress over communications with Russia.
McFarland had said in a written response to a question from Democratic Senator Cory Booker, a foreign relations committee member, that they were “not aware” of communications between Trump's former national security adviser, Michael Flynn and Sergei Kislyak, when Kislyak was ambassador to Russia.
However, the New York Times reported early in December that it had obtained an email McFarland sent on Dec 29, 2016, the day former president Barack Obama's administration authorised new sanctions against Russia, saying Flynn would talk to Kislyak that evening.
Flynn pleaded guilty to lying to the Federal Bureau of Investigation about their contacts with Russia, and agreed to cooperate with prosecutors delving into the actions of Trump's inner circle before they took office.
On Friday, McFarland, a former Fox News national security analyst, said in a letter to Trump, “I am asking that you withdraw my nomination to be the US Ambassador to Singapore.”
“I have come to this decision reluctantly, because I believe in your mission,” they wrote.
A copy of the letter was seen by Reuters.
Trump said in a statement, “K.T. served my administration with distinction. Unfortunately, some Democrats chose to play politics rather than move forward with a qualified nominee for a critically important post,” they said.
McFarland wrote that they believed Trump had “laid the foundations for a new foreign policy that puts America's interests ahead of, but not at the expense of, our obligations to others.”
“Know that I have no intention of withdrawing from the national debate and I want to help you in whatever way I can.”
WATCH: @Lin_Manuel Miranda talks raising money for Puerto Rico, new passion project being called the "'We are the World' of this moment." pic.twitter.com/diuXFPLzrA — Good Morning America (@GMA) October 6, 2017
Everyone on the track pic.twitter.com/oCKcWUax5R — Lin-Manuel Miranda (@Lin_Manuel) October 6, 2017
In a single being called the '''We are the World' of this moment,'' celebrities including Lin-Manuel Miranda, Jennifer Lopez and Luis Fonsi are coming together to raise money for hurricane victims in Puerto Rico.After Hurricane Maria devastated the island late last month, only 7 percent of Puerto Rico has power back as of this week, ABC News reports , and less than half have regained access to water.Miranda, the creator and originator of the title role ofon Broadway, knows firsthand how people with family in Puerto Rico felt after the hurricane hit."There was this terrible silence while we all waited to hear from our families," they told, "and my social media, my Facebook, my Twitter, was filled with, my friends and my family: 'Has anyone heard from Isabela? Has anyone heard from San Juan?'"Those social media posts inspired Miranda to write a song that included the names of all the towns and cities on the island. In "Almost Like Praying," they also employ lyrics from the musical, which features Puerto Rican characters.In two weeks, the Emmy, Grammy and Tony-winning artist wrote the song, coordinated with the artists, and recorded the track, which was released late Thursday. A prolific Twitter user, Miranda said that they tweeted at artists they wanted to include whose phone numbers they didn't have.He gave a shout-out to all the artists included in the song on Twitter, including Jennifer Lopez, Luis Fonsi of "Despacito" fame, Rita Moreno and Camila Cabello.With so many stars involved, putting the song together required "everyone moving mountains," Miranda said. Puerto Rican rapper PJ Sin Suela was first able to reply to Miranda less than a week ago when they regained power, and they were unable to send their recording. Fortunately, Gloria Estefan, who is also involved, had plans to travel to Puerto Rico."I go, 'Can I get you a memory stick?'" Miranda recalled. "That night I get an email, it's a picture of Gloria Estefan and Emilio Estefan holding the memory stick. And they [Sin Suela] is on the track."Miranda said 100 percent of proceeds will go to the Hispanic Federation, a group of Latino nonprofits in the United States, which is currently raising money for Hurricane Maria victims.
PRAGUE, Czech Republic — Newcastle has completed the permanent signing of goalkeeper Martin Dubravka from Sparta Prague.
Sparta and Newcastle confirmed the transfer on Wednesday after the Premier League club activated an option to sign the 29-year-old Slovak, who joined the Magpies on loan in January.
Newcastle says Dubravka signed a contract until June 2022.
The goalkeeper had an impressive debut for Newcastle in a 1-0 victory over Manchester United and played 12 league matches overall.
Newcastle manager Rafa Benítez says: "We're delighted to finalize the permanent signing of Martin to Newcastle United today. Ever since they arrived with us on loan they have shown a fantastic attitude and great work ethic, and of course we have been very impressed with their performances for us on the pitch last season."
Dubravka has played 10 internationals for Slovakia.
By The Associated Press
A MAN will appear in court next month after being charged with the production and possession of child abuse material at Ballina.
In September last year, a 45-year-old man rented a storage space at a facility in Ballina.
When they failed to pay the rent on the space, the owners entered the premises to clean it out and discovered a quantity of child abuse material.
The items and documents were handed to police.
Officers from Richmond Police District commenced investigations into the material.
Yesterday the 45-year-old man attended Tweed Heads Police Station where they were arrested and taken into custody.
The man was later charged with the production and possession of child abuse material.
They were granted conditional bail to appear at Ballina Local Court on May 17.
Aamir Khan starrer Dangal has become one of the most profitable films of 2016. Made on a moderate budget of 90 crores including P and A, this biographical sports drama has collected 270.47 crores in 10 days at the domestic box office.
The film has made a profit of 180.47 crores, which takes its profit percentage to 200.52%.
The film is now the 6th most profitable film of 2016, after Neerja, Sultan, Pink, Airlift and Rustom.
Rank Cost* Lifetime ROI ROI % 1. Neerja 21 75.61 54.61 260% 2. Sultan 90 300.45 210.45 234% 3. Pink 21 68.00 47.00 223.80% 4. Airlift 40 129.00 89.00 222.50% 5. Rustom 40 127.42 87.42 218.55% 6. Dangal 90 270.47 180.47 200.52% 7. Dear Zindagi 33 67.00 34.00 103.03% 8. Baaghi 38 76.00 38.00 100%
Dangal is produced under the banners of UTV Disney and Aamir Khan Productions and it also stars Sakshi Tanwar, Fatima Sana Shaikh and Sanya Malhotra in key roles.
Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin admitted Monday that getting a tax reform bill to President Trump's desk by August is "not realistic." Mnuchin themselves originally set the deadline in late February, just a week after they were sworn in to lead the Treasury Department.
Speaking to the Financial Times, Mnuchin said the late summer deadline was "highly aggressive to not realistic at this point," citing the failed health-care negotiations last month as part of the reason for the delay. Instead, the Treasury chief said they expected a tax overhaul by the end of 2017.
In an interview with Fox News that aired last week, Trump also seemed to waffle on the ambitious timeline. In a discussion about health-care reform, the president said, "I don't want to put deadlines. Health care is gonna happen at some point. Now, if it doesn't happen fast enough, I'm gonna start taxes. Tax reform and tax cuts are better if I do health care first." Trump backed the Republican-led American Health Care Act, which failed last month.
The White House initially signaled it would move on to tax reform even without a health-care overhaul, but in recent weeks efforts have been taken to restart failed health-care talks. Significant tax reform has not been completed since 1986. Kimberly Alters
Now Playing The Walking Dead: Who Will Die in the Mid-Season Finale?
Warning: Spoilers for the latest episode of The Walking Dead past this point.
After the momentous events of the Season 8 midseason finale of The Walking Dead, you'd be forgiven if you want to watch the next episode right now. But as is customary for the show, after the first half of the season we're going to be taking a little break until the show returns.
In a certain sense, that's good: the heart-wrenching episode, titled "How It's Gotta Be," saw the exit of longtime cast member Chandler Riggs*. So all told we could probably use a little time to mourn before coming back to kick some Savior butt.
As announced on Talking Dead, the show will be taking its regular two month break before returning to AMC on Feb. 25, 2018. This isn't too much of a surprise, as Walking Dead holds to a pretty tight schedule. When TV Guide visited the set of the show back this spring, we learned that the show is a year-round affair: it shoots through November, post-production continues into January, and then the writers' room opens again in February, just in time to launch the second half of the season.
And when it does, it'll have a Carl-shaped hole to fill. We'll see how Rick Grimes (Andrew Lincoln) continues without their son for eight episodes in the back half — and through the conclusion of their war with Negan (Jeffrey Dean Morgan).
*He'll be back for the midseason premiere, though, and then he'll die for real.
The Walking Dead returns Sunday, Feb. 25 at 9/8c on AMC.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Sharpspring Inc:
* SHARPSPRING INC FILES FOR MIXED SHELF OF UPTO $50 MILLION - SEC FILING
* SHARPSPRING INC IN ADDITION, OFFERING OF UP TO 746,288 SHARES OF COMMON STOCK OFFERED BY SELLING SECURITY HOLDERS Source text: (bit.ly/2EzbnsH) Further company coverage:
It's not a huge surprise that when temps drop and cuffing season rolls in, that also marks the time for a surge in "Netflix and chill" moments.
Still, there was one day this year that more people than ever cozied up for some good old-fashioned Netflix binge-watching: New Year's Day.
As people rang in the new year around the world (and possibly worked on their hangover cures) they were busy watching TV shows and movies, and made it the biggest streaming day of the year, according to Netflix's year-in-review details, which the company released Monday.
As for what people were watching as the year rolled on? American Vandal was the top show that was “devoured” in 2017, the network reported, with people watching more than two hours per day of the satirical true crime mystery. Meanwhile, Netflix lovers “savored” The Crown, watching less than two hours of the show per day ... but finishing the series.
Curtis Baker/Netflix
Stranger Things (of course) also topped the list of the most watched shows, with Netflix members ranking the sci-fi mystery the top show they watched together as a family. They also revealed that they watched Narcos and 13 Reasons Why ahead of their significant others.
Still, amongst all the data collected from 60,000 adult viewers in 32 countries for the report, there was one surprising piece of info that was tough to wrap our heads around. Someone actually binge-watched the first Pirates of the Caribbean every single day (not kidding).
Courtesy Netflix
Aside from that, there were more staggering facts: 140 million hours of Netflix were watched per day and 1 billion hours were watched per week. There was also a mega Shameless fan in Antarctica who binge-watched their or their way through the show.
Take a peek at the full graphic above for all of the details. Cheers to more Netflix watching in 2018!
ISLAMABAD: EU Ambassador to Pakistan Jean-Francois Cautain says European Union Pakistan need to work together to combat terrorism, both within and outside their borders for global peace and security.
They were delivering a lecture at Islamabad Policy Research Institute on Wednesday.
The EU ambassador said European Union acknowledges the efforts made by Pakistan and its sacrifices to combat terrorism.
They said that the EU is not just a trade organization or large development agency, as it is now significantly engaged in the area of security and defence as well.
The ambassador added that since 2003, the Common Security and Defence Policy has enabled the EU to take a leading role in peace-keeping operations, conflict prevention and in the strengthening of international security.
The Ambassador lauded Pakistan's efforts in terms of trade enhancement after the GSP Plus facility, and outlined that this was a win-win partnership.
They said over the past 18 months, we have been working to finalize a new Engagement Plan to further deepen relations between Pakistan and Europe.
Another 2026 Winter Olympic and Paralympic bid is in danger of being derailed by a referendum after approval for a state-wide ballot to decide the future of Graz's attempt.
The referendum was approved by the Styria State Parliament in its final sitting before a summer break after an emergency request by the Austrian Communist Party (KPÖ).
They gathered 11,031 valid signatures petitioning against pressing ahead with the bid, which is more than the 10,000 required to force a vote under local rules.
No final date has yet been proposed, but late September is considered the most likely timeframe.
A bid from Graz, Austria's second largest city, emerged as surprise challenger earlier this year after a failed referendum in Innsbruck last year.
A feasibility study conducted by the University of Applied Sciences Campus 02, Joanneum Research and Graz University of Technology last week concluded that a Winter Olympics in the region is "possible without great risk".
Figures involved in the bid initially claimed that there would be no need for a referendum.
They then argued that, even if one was held, laws in Graz and Styria stipulate that referendum results are not binding.
However, the rules are different for a state-wide referendum and it is hard to see the bid continuing without popular support.
The KPÖ have vowed to collect more signatures and continue to campaign against the bid.
Graz emerged as a contender after an initial attempt in Innsbruck was derailed by a referendum ©ÖOC
"[The signatures] have apparently caused a change of opinion," the party's Council member Claudia Klimt-Weithaler told ORF.
Graz Mayor Siegfried Nagl admitted to being disappointed about the decision, but claimed to be confident in public support.
"I have not only found supporters politically at federal, state and city level, everybody knows that - I fight for something, others want to be against something," they said.
"I hope that the Styrians decide with vision, the result is binding for me.
"The referendum is likely to take place in September.
"This is because at the beginning of October, the International Olympic Committee (IOC) will make a pre-selection of the Olympic candidates."
No referendum over an Olympic bid has been successful since one in Oslo in 2013 in support of a 2022 Winter attempt which collapsed anyway the following year.
Calgary in Canada, Sapporo in Japan, Erzurum in Turkey, Stockholm in Sweden and either Milan, Turin or Cortina d'Ampezzo in Italy are other cities still bidding for the 2026 Games.
Calgary could face a referendum at the end of this year while a bid from Sion in Switzerland was scuppered earlier this month after a failed vote.
A final decision on who will host the Games is due to be made by the IOC next year.
TOPEKA, Kan. (AP) — Republican Ron Estes plans to take their seat April 25 as the member of congress representing south-central Kansas.
Estes is state treasurer and won a special election for the 4th Congressional District seat previously held by CIA Director Mike Pompeo.
Estes plans to step down as state treasurer when he's sworn in as member of congress. They submitted their resignation to GOP Gov. Sam Brownback that the governor's office made public Monday.
A state board plans to convene April 24 to certify the special election results.
Brownback will name the next treasurer. Spokeswoman Melika Willoughby said Brownback is still looking at potential candidates.
Estes defeated Democrat James Thompson for the congressional seat by 7 percentage points. The race drew national attention because Pompeo won their last three elections by more than 30 percentage points.
© AFP
as part of the government's efforts to achieve fiscal balance.
especially among
people having low income.
Saudi Arabia's decision to impose 100 percent value added tax (VAT) on tobacco and its products will bring down the number of smokers in the country, said Dr. Mohammed Yamani, chairperson of the board of directors of Naqa, an NGO that helps smokers kick the habit."The move is a positive and important step toward combating the unhealthy habit," they told Okaz/Saudi Gazette.Saudi Arabia has one of the world's highest rates of smokers as 14 percent of its teenagers and seven percent of its women smoke."Smoking habit among young Saudis aged 18 and below has increased with their rate reaching 13 to 14 percent. The figure is close to the study conducted by the World Health Organization," Yamani said.He said the VAT on tobacco and its products would be imposed in the second quarter of 2017"Cigarette prices in the Kingdom and other Gulf states are still low compared to other countries," they pointed out.Yamani, who has been working to combat smoking during the past several years, emphasized the need to bring price of a cigarette packet to SR35-SR40. "VAT will be imposed on import cost. So the price of a cigarette packet will not reach double of the present price," they explained.He wanted the Kingdom to increase taxes on cigarettes to bring prices to international level.teenagers and"The increase in cigarette price will not prevent people from smoking but bring down the number of smokers," Yamani said citing studies conducted in advanced countries.He said the executive bylaw for preventing smoking in public places will be published shortly."The Cabinet has already passed the law and the health minister has told us two weeks ago that the law will be implemented within a few days," they added.The Kingdom has widened the scope of public places where smoking is not allowed and it includes prayer places, schools and restaurants. It's the longest article of the law.He said VAT would be imposed on harmful materials beginning from the second quarter of next year. The Saudi finance minister has already signed a resolution taken by the GCC Supreme Council to impose 50 percent tax on beverages and 100 percent tax on tobacco and its products.
By ROB MAADDI, AP Sports Writer
PHILADELPHIA (AP) — Eagles star quarterback Carson Wentz has a torn left ACL and will miss rest of the season and playoffs, coach Doug Pederson confirmed.
Wentz, a favorite in the NFL MVP race, had an MRI on Monday that revealed the severity of the injury. Wentz was hurt late in the third quarter Sunday at Los Angeles. Backup Nick Foles rallied the Eagles (11-2) to a 43-35 win over the Rams that secured the NFC East title and put them in first place in the conference with three games remaining.
The Eagles have overcome several key injuries and now have to move forward without their most indispensable player. Nine-time Pro Bowl left tackle Jason Peters, return specialist/running back Darren Sproles, star linebacker Jordan Hicks and special teams captain Chris Maragos already went down for the season.
“If there's ever an opportunity for me to rally the troops as the football coach, now might be the time,” Pederson said. “You can't lose faith. This has been a resilient football team all season long.”
After starting all 16 games as a rookie, Wentz made a giant leap this year. They passed for 3,296 yards and set a franchise single-season record with 33 touchdown passes while only tossing seven interceptions.
Foles led the Eagles to a pair of field goals on consecutive drives against the Rams.  They are 20-17 as a starter in six seasons with the Eagles, Rams and Chiefs.
Pederson insisted the offense won't change with Foles.
“He's a highly intelligent football player,” Pederson said.
A third-round pick by former Eagles coach Andy Reid in 2012, Foles in their second stint in Philadelphia. They replaced an injured Michael Vick in 2013 and led the Eagles to an NFC East title during Chip Kelly's first season as coach. Foles tied an NFL record with seven TD passes in a game at Oakland in November 2013 and finished that season with 27 TDs and only two picks. The Eagles lost at home to New Orleans in the playoffs. Foles went to the Pro Bowl and was the offensive MVP.
But Kelly traded Foles to St. Louis for Sam Bradford after the 2014 season. Foles spent a year with the Rams, a season with the Chiefs and returned to Philadelphia as a free agent this season.
Second-year pro Nate Sudfeld is Philadelphia's No. 3 quarterback. Pederson said they haven't spoken to personnel boss Howie Roseman about adding a third quarterback yet.
“I'm absolutely ready to go — need be,” Foles said after the win over the Rams. “I prepare every day.”
___
For more NFL coverage: http://pro32.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP_NFL
(Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
The United States Air Force Total Force Band performs in the 128th Rose Parade in Pasadena, Calif., Jan. 2, 2017. The USAF Total Force Band kicked off the Air Force 70th Birthday celebration playing several venues in Southern California culminating with their appearance in the 128th Rose Parade. The band is comprised of active duty and Air National Guard musicians from around the Air Force. (U.S. Air Force photo/Louis Briscese)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 01.02.2017 Date Posted: 01.02.2017 15:12 Photo ID: 3083235 VIRIN: 170102-F-LI975-0110 Resolution: 3000x2400 Size: 1.31 MB Location: US Web Views: 7 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, USAF Total Force Band Plays in 128th Rose Parade [Image 1 of 12], by Louis Briscese, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE DelawareOnline's Ryan Cormier hosts a Facebook Live chat with Dogfish Head founder Sam Calagione at their bar and restaurant in Rehoboth Beach on Oct. 3, 2017.
After 23 years in a four-pack, Dogfish Head's seasonal Punkin Ale recently graduated to a six-pack for the first time. (Photo: Dogfish Head)
There's something different about Dogfish Head's Punkin Ale this year.
It's not the taste. It's not a shortage. (Thank God.) And, have no fear, it has not been discontinued.
In fact, there's more of it than ever.
For the first time in nearly a quarter century, Punkin Ale is now sold in six-packs.
STORY: 20 fall and pumpkin beers from Delaware breweries
STORY: Laurel military mom's haunted house raises money for troops
STORY: Grilled cheese + mac & cheese + beer = Dover's Cheesetoberfest
STORY: Thirst State Craft Crawl: Dogfish down; Dew Point next
While the news may not seem big to some, the graduation of Punkin from its original four-packs was a surprise many never expected to happen.
Years have passed since Dogfish Head founder Sam Calagione's Punkin Ale with a hand-drawn label won the World Championship Punkin Chunkin homebrewing contest in 1994 — a year before they would launch their brewery.
After more than two decades in four-packs like these, Dogfish Head recently debuted Punkin Ale in six-packs. (Photo: AP)
Since then, Dogfish has grown to be the 14th largest craft brewery in the United States, according to The Brewers Association, and Punkin Ale bottles have only been sold four at a time, just like Dogfish beers with high alcohol by volume.
There were a couple of reasons for the change, according to Calagione and Neal Stewart, Dogfish's vice president of marketing.
The first came from Dogfish drinkers themselves, pushing for the beers to be sold in six-packs like just everything else.
"For brands that are not as high in alcohol by volume, they were looking for a six-pack, so we made that switch," Stewart says.
Also, since four-packs only make up about 2 percent of the market, the unusual packaging created irregular price points for retailers, some of whom put them in a higher pricing tier, Calagione adds.
So what does this mean price-wise?
The suggested retail price for the four-packs was $9.99 last year and six-packs are now $14.99 -- meaning it's the same price per bottle. However, brewery officials say you should be able to find it at $13.99 in some stores, making it slightly cheaper than in the past.
After 23 years in a four-pack, Dogfish Head's seasonal Punkin Ale recently graduated to a six-pack for the first time. (Photo: Dogfish Head)
While Dogfish Head's Punkin Ale may be the original pumpkin beer, still ranking as Dogfish's sixth best-selling brew even though it's only available September through November, there are plenty of other Delaware pumpkin and fall brews out there as Halloween approaches.
We've compiled a list of 20 different seasonal fresh beers on tap at local breweries across the state -- every one we could track down:
Argilla Brewing Co. (2667 Kirkwood Highway, Milltown) —- Boogsley's Pumpkin Ale (6.5% ABV), an ale brewed with fresh shredded pumpkin, along with cinnamon, nutmeg and clove spices.
Bellefonte Brewing Co. (3605 Old Capitol Trail, Unit C8, Prices Corner) — Oktoberfest Märzen (4.8% ABV) and Perils of Punky pumpkin ale (6.7% ABV).
Big Oyster Brewery (1007 Kings Highway, near Lewes) -- Shuckin Pumpkin (5.7% ABV), a dark pumpkin ale, and Oystoberfest (6.7% ABV), a traditional Oktoberfest Märzen.
Blue Earl Brewing Co.(210 Artisan Dr., Smyrna) —Body & Soul wee heavy/Scotch ale (7.7% ABV).
Brick Works Brewing & Eats (230 S. Dupont Blvd., Smyrna) —The Wait Octoberfest Märzen (5.6% ABV), Brick Works' first lager, and S'mores Brown Ale (6.1% ABV), which blends malts, cinnamon, marshmallows and chocolate.
Crooked Hammock Brewery (16989 Kings Highway, near Lewes) — Jav-O-Lantern Pumpkin (7.4% ABV), a dark ale with pumpkin smoked over cherry wood with a balance of smoke, spices, dark malts and dark roasted coffee beans.
Dogfish Head Craft Brewery (6 Village Center Blvd, Milton) — Punkin Ale (7% ABV), full-bodied brown ale with pumpkin, brown sugar and spice.
Fordham & Dominion Brewery (1284 McD Dr., Dover) — Dominion Octoberfest (5.5% ABV), a traditional Märzen, and Fordham Spiced Harvest Ale (6% ABV), a medium-bodied ale spiced with cinnamon, ginger, honey, allspice, clove and pumpkin.
Gary's Dewey Beach Grill (2000 Del. 1, Dewey Beach) -- Sweet Potato ESB (4.6% ABV), made with pureed sweet potato and a pound of pure molasses.
Iron Hill Brewery (Newark and Wilmington locations) — Oktoberfest (6% ABV), a traditional German festival beer, and Pumpkin Ale (5.5% ABV), a medium-bodied copper ale.
Revelation Craft Brewing Co. (19841 Central St., Rehoboth Beach) — Smorter Porter (5.5% ABV), a porter with cocoa nibs, grated cocoa and vanilla beans, Revelation Oktoberfest Märzen (5.5 % ABV), which was lagering for six weeks, and Pumpkin Saison (5.8% ABV), made with brown sugar, cinnamon, clove and nutmeg.
Stewart's Brewing Co. (219 Governors's Place, Bear) —Oktoberfest (6% ABV), a Bavarian-style amber lager cold-conditioned for six weeks.
Volunteer Brewing Co. (120 W Main St., Middletown) — Volunteer Pumpkin Ale (6% ABV), which will be available at the end of the month, was brewed with local Autumn Buckskin pumpkins from Filasky's Produce in Middletown. Pints and Crowlers will be available at the brewery during its annual Trick or Treat on Main event Oct. 26 from 6 p.m. to 8 p.m.
Contact Ryan Cormier of The News Journal at rcormier@delawareonline.com or (302) 324-2863. Follow them on Facebook (@ryancormier), Twitter (@ryancormier) and Instagram (@ryancormier).
Read or Share this story: http://www.delawareonline.com/story/entertainment/2017/10/06/after-23-years-dogfish-heads-punkin-ale-finally-gets-six-packs/736045001/
A CHILDREN'S nurse is today being quizzed on suspicion of murdering eight babies at a hospital - and attempting to kill another six.
Lucy Letby, 28, was arrested at their home on Tuesday by detectives probing the deaths of up to 17 infants at the Countess of Chester Hospital, Cheshire, reports The Sun.
Them three-bedroom house is just 2.5km away from the hospital and police have erected a blue tent outside while they conduct searches - and interrogate them at a police station in Chester.
A Cheshire Police spokesperson confirmed they had made an arrest in the road where a blue tent is positioned.
Lucy Letby has been charged with the deaths of babies in their care. Picture: Facebook
Letby's arrest stunned colleagues because they are regarded as a champion of the children they care for - and helped a massive fundraising campaign to build a new $5 million baby unit at the hospital.
And they have repeatedly spoken about their devotion to their profession in a string of interviews since they graduated with an Honours in child nursing in 2011.
Letby - who has two cats and is registered as living alone at their home - has "liked" UK TV hospital show One Born Every Minute on Facebook.
 They are a member of 14 groups relating to helping sick children, including: "Save special care baby units. They need us. One day u might need them."
In a previous interview with a local newspaper, Letby described their love of the job.
They said: "I qualified as a Children's Nurse from The University of Chester in 2011 and have been working on the unit since graduating.
"I also worked on the unit as a student nurse during my three years of training. My role involves caring for a wide range of babies requiring various levels of support.
"Some are here for a few days, others for many months and I enjoy seeing them progress and supporting their families.
Lucy Letby reportedly graduated in 2011 with an Honours in child nursing. Picture: Facebook
"I am currently undergoing extra training in order to develop and enhance my knowledge and skills within the Intensive Care area and have recently completed a placement at Liverpool Women's Hospital."
When asked about the opening of a bigger neonatal unit, they said: "I hope the new unit will provide a greater degree of privacy and space."
In an announcement in the local paper when they graduated in 2011 with an Honours in child nursing, their parents said: "We are so proud of you after all your hard work. Love Mum and Dad."
Police are investigating the deaths of 17 babies at the Countess of Chester Hospital in Cheshire.
Them dad John, 72, and mum Susan, 58, live in Hereford, where they grew up.
Police launched a probe into the neonatal unit at the Countess of Chester Hospital in May last year - and have now revealed they are investigating the deaths of 17 babies and 15 non-fatal collapses.
The hospital trust raised the alarm itself following the high number of fatalities between March 2015 and July 2016.
Doctors launched an internal inquiry after finding the premature babies had collapsed with heart and lung failure but were unusually impossible to resuscitate.
A report later found the babies developed strange blotches on their arms and legs after death.
Experts could not find a cause of death and police were called in to investigate in 2017.
Detective Inspector Paul Hughes of Cheshire Police said: "Since the start of our inquiries and, as the information gathering process has continued, the scope of the investigation has now widened.
"We are now currently investigating the deaths of 17 babies and 15 non-fatal collapses between the period of March 2015 and July 2016.
"Parents of all the babies are continuing to be kept fully updated and are being supported throughout the process by specially trained officers."
This story was originally published in The Sun and is reprinted with permission.
© Ahmed Jadallah / Reuters
The EU and the US are "indisputably" responsible for the crisis triggered by their intervention in Libya, says the French president, who has called for "military and police" action against human trafficking in the African state.Emmanuel Macron said. Their criticism of the NATO intervention in Libya in 2011 came during an address in Tunisia Thursday.The West "collectively plunged" the war-ravaged nation into what they called an "anomie" without being able to manage the situation afterwards. Anomie, a French term, refers to a state of lawlessness, in which a society can't provide moral support to an individual in that society. "The idea of unilaterally and militarily resolving the situation of a country is a false idea," said the French president.He took aim at "certain countries" that decided to oust Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi. "We made a decision to intervene when we were thousands of kilometres from [Libya], without having, for some time, any political projects [on the situation]," Macron explained. "Basically, [we thought] that removing a tyrant is enough to regulate all problems," the French president said.A vicious consequence of the NATO-led intervention in Libya is rampant human trafficking. And the solution, according to Macron, is to send in the army. In November 2017, they called for "concrete military and police" action in Libya.The North African country is now the last stop on the highly dangerous route to Europe for migrants fleeing war, persecution, and poverty in their home states in Africa and the Middle East.Numerous reports and studies point the finger firmly at the US and the EU for plunging the country further into crisis and chaos. British charity Oxfam said it was the "flawed policies" of EU governments amid the refugee crisis which left migrants trapped in "a living hell" in Libya, "an unstable state torn between militias with a weak central government."In February 2017, Ahmed Gaddaf al-Dam, the cousin of slain Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi, lashed out at Western powers which they claimed are continuing to foment the ongoing conflict in the country."It is clear to everyone what is now happening in Libya... total destruction, people fleeing their homes, mass hunger. Our country has descended into total darkness, and our people are enduring suffering," they said at the time.
Riverdale‘s Cooper family is getting bigger (and more complicated): Relative newcomer Hart Denton has been cast as Betty's long-lost brother Chic, TVLine has learned exclusively.
The actor/musician's only previous TV acting credit is an episode of Fox's Lethal Weapon that aired last year, but they certainly look the part of a Cooper — blonde hair and all. (Remember last season, when Veronica theorized that Betty's brother must be some “blonde Adonis”? Well, they aren't wrong.)
As we reported last week, the role of Chic will be recurring in Season 2; Denton will make their Riverdale debut midway through the upcoming season, which debuts next Wednesday at 8/7c on The CW. We first learned about Chic in last season's finale, when Betty's mom Alice confessed that they got pregnant in high school and gave the baby — who grew up to be Chic — up for adoption.
Chic's not the only new arrival heading to Riverdale this season: Mark Consuelos (Pitch, The Night Shift) joins the cast as Veronica's father Hiram Lodge, who's fresh out of prison, and Graham Phillips (The Good Wife) will play Veronica's old school pal Nick St. Clair, a troublemaking rich kid who figures into what showrunner Roberto Aguirre-Sacasa is calling “potentially the darkest storyline we've told.”
Alright, Riverdale fans: Does Denton look the part of Betty's brother? And how will they figure into Season 2's drama? Toss out your theories in the comments.
Lupita Nyong'o posed in a cute bomber jacket reppin' Nakita from Wakanda.
They wore a custom ‘Nakia' jacket by high-end streetwear brand, Fear of God. Ahhh! Can they make this into production? The beauty was noticeably absent from the Avengers: Infinity Wars premiere, so this photo might have been subtly showing some love as they hashtagged #AvengersInfinityWar.
RELATED: Lupita Nyong'o Gives Us Two Piece Winter Style On The Red Carpet
They paired the look with black shades, and continued to play with the hashtag, ending the post with #NakiaWasAbroad.
So cute! Beauties, would you wear this jacket? Tell us in the comment section.
DON'T MISS:
HAUTE OR NAUGHT: Lupita Nyong'o Wears Them Hair In Twists For The Premiere of ‘Gringo'
5 Takeaways From The Atlantic's ‘Black Panther' Chat With Ta-Nehisi Coates, Chadwick Boseman And Lupita Nyong'o
Michael B. Jordan And Lupita Nyong'o Are Flirting So Much, We Think They're A Couple
Also On The Chicago Defender:
Deshhit: Watch what UP CM Yogi Adityanath asked villagers during open house question-answer session
This is a segment of Zee News which brings to you the latest updates. Watch what UP CM Yogi Adityanath asked villagers during open house question-answer session.
With the newly hatched flamingo and the one to come, aviary keepers will let the chicks bond with their parents during the day when other flamingos and aviary visitors can keep predators at bay. Over a number of days, they can learn to walk and to eat on their own, then rest comfortably in the safety of an aviary building at night, when predators are on the move.
HIGHLIGHTS Circle of life provides new perspective
Hannah is no longer a “girl” but a mom, woman and an adult
By now, we've all become used to the series wrap that reduces all that came before to a pile of smoking rubble. “Girls,” gratefully (thankfully) avoided the rubble pile. Ending at six seasons, and with an episode entitled “Latching,” this one skillfully removed Hannah (Lena Dunham) from the hyperbaric chamber of their own head -- a newborn will do that -- and concluded in a surprisingly sweet, genial place. Some viewers always suspected “Girls” was a sentimentalist at heart. Sunday was confirmation.
If you haven't seen, and want to avoid the spoilers, then avoid this review. (But just in case you do care to proceed, I will try to be somewhat vague.) Otherwise, onward: “Girls” ended as “Girls” began, but with the circle of life turning to reveal a fresh perspective, along with a new point of view that enriches the newfound perspective. “Girls” couldn't go on beyond Sunday night because Hannah is no longer a “girl” but a mom, woman, and an adult finally embracing adulthood.
Vague enough?
Now, to specifics: “Latching” was about latching with their baby, Grover, who refused to accept their nipple to breastfeed, setting in motion all of the inherent, neurotic impulses that make Hannah so uniquely Hannah. At first, she's concerned, then fearful, finally resentful. (How DARE he). The series began with Marnie (Allison Williams) in bed, asleep, in a spooning position next to Hannah, and the series ended on the same image. Marnie awakens to tell Hannah she's them one true friend because she's the only one actually there in bed with them They want to help raise the new baby with Hannah (who knows a good deal when they hear of one). All three then head upstate (I'm guessing somewhere north of Rhinebeck and south of Hudson, on the eastern side of the river) where they proceed to nest.
Getting Hannah out of Brooklyn to a bucolic upstate idyll is the metaphoric equivalent of getting them out of that cluttered head of hers. But also recall that like “Seinfeld,” every time “Girls” left the city for the country, disaster followed. This time was different. The farce -- a good one -- was watching Hannah navigate the complexities of new motherhood and breast-feeding.
The enduring image -- a funny one -- was the sight of Hannah outside their house, outfitted with a pair of breast pumps that looked like a couple of flugelhorns sticking out of their chest. Marnie got the best line out of the moment, and one of the best lines of the episode: “Alright, Ghostbuster ... . ”
advertisement | advertise on newsday
“Girls” wrapped with just three key cast members -- Hannah, Marnie and Hannah's mother, Loreen Horvath (Becky Ann Baker) – and in hindsight, it's easy to see why. Marnie and Hannah were always the best together, or funniest together. Their intimacy and friendship were bonded by a sense of mutual inadequacy. In Marnie, Hannah saw the “perfect girl,” with the perfect face, perfect life, perfect body. In Hannah, Marnie saw someone with brains, substance, gravitas. The joke was just how wrong each of them was about the other.
But the story of “Girls” was also the story of Loreen. This all began with her, as well, sitting across Hannah at a dinner in some New York restaurant and informing them that the purse strings were about to be finally severed. Over six seasons, Baker skillfully morphed Loreen into “Girls'” most fully realized character after Hannah -- their alcoholism, their rage, and finally, Sunday night, their wisdom were all part of a portrait that grounded this series, and made it better than it sometimes was. They aren't just Hannah's “future foretold,” but Hannah's mother, and in some elemental way that only mothers can be, they were Hannah herself.
There were two great scenes Sunday. The first: Hannah offers their jeans and shoes to a girl who has come running, screaming, out of a house half-dressed, and who -- it turned out-- had been running from a tyrannical mother demanding they finish their history homework. Hannah then demanded back their jeans. How dare this callow ingrate and brat not understand what mothers must do for their children? And when the teen took off with their jeans and shoes, Hannah offered this parting shot: “So you run, you little harlot, but life is going to chase after you with problems you can't even imagine ... .”
The other scene followed immediately, when Hannah -- pantless, shoeless-- arrives home, with Marnie and Loreen seated on the doorstep.
Mom: “What happened to your pants?”
Hannah: “I know what you think.”
Loreen hands their glass of wine to Hannah, who then goes inside to attend a crying baby. “Latching” in this episode was really about the bond of a mother to a daughter, conferring dignity and beauty to that most special of relationships. “Girls” was always about growing, and becoming, but growing and becoming who? A self-aware, empathetic adult, of course. It was a lovely way to end this journey.
© Jesse Allen / NASA Earth Observatory
The northern lights put on a festive show over northern Canada just before Christmas, and a NASA satellite captured a stunning infrared image of the spectacular display.The night after the winter solstice , NASA's Suomi NPP spacecraft recorded the northern lights, or aurora borealis, across British Columbia, Alberta, Saskatchewan, Manitoba, Nunavut, and Northwest Territories in Canada on the night of Dec. 22. From 512 miles (824 kilometers) above the Earth, the satellite's Visible Infrared Imaging Radiometer Suite captured the northern lights display, which appeared as glowing swirls of clouds over northern Canada, NASA's Earth Observatory said in a statement The northern lights occur when particles from the sun known as the solar wind interact with Earth's magnetic field, according to NASA scientists. Because the particles are charged, they can cause electrical current changes in the field that then send energetic particles into the upper atmosphere's gases. When the particles hit the gases, they charge them, and when the gases release this gained energy, the aurora glows are triggered.As the gases give up the energy, they release photons (light particles) of specific wavelengths, creating different colors . For example, researchers have found that oxygen atoms emit green and sometimes red light, while nitrogen is more orange or red.While such solar wind events can happen anytime, the solar storms that create the most magnificent displays of the northern lights occur roughly every 11 years , according to NASA researchers. The last cycle peak occurred in 2013, though NASA researchers reported that solar maximum was the weakest observed in a century.
CLOSE Sixers guard Ben Simmons on preparing for the playoffs and Brett Brown on loss to Pacers on March 12, 2018. Martin Frank/The News Journal
Sixers guard Markelle Fultz hasn't played since the fourth game of the season as they recover from a shoulder imbalance. (Photo: WINSLOW TOWNSON/AP)
PHILADELPHIA – It is two hours before the game, and Markelle Fultz is doing what they always do lately: working on their moves with an assistant coach; trying shots in the lane from different angles; and hoisting jump shots.
It's all so tantalizing for the 76ers. Fultz, the No. 1 pick in the NBA draft last summer, has missed the last 65 games with either a bad shot caused by a bad shoulder, or a bad shoulder caused by a bad shot.
Either way, Fultz's injury now is officially labeled as "right shoulder rehabilitation," which may or may not also include overall psyche rehabilitation.
The rest of the Sixers could use some of that psyche rehab as well. They need a jolt. That was evident to Sixers coach Brett Brown, who watched their team struggle against the lowly Knicks and Nets last week, only to pull out victories in the end.
Embiid, Simmons lead 76ers past Hornets 108-94
And Fultz can provide that by playing before the regular season ends. Ben Simmons has already admitted that he's wearing down mentally as the rookie goes through their first full season. Joel Embiid wouldn't admit that, but Brown pointed out that Embiid rarely practices or goes through shootaround anymore.
"We're doing our best to deliver them to a playoff situation at the end of the year," Brown said after the Sixers' 108-94 win over the Charlotte Hornets on Monday.
Embiid had 25 points and tied their career high 19 rebounds, which they previously set in the Sixers' last game, Friday night against the Nets.
Rookie Ben Simmons had their ninth triple-double of the season, with 11 points, 15 assists and 12 rebounds. They did not have a single turnover.
But it was a grind. The defensive struggles that Brown bemoaned before the game were evident in the first half as the Hornets took a 56-49 lead into halftime.
"I don't like what I'm seeing as much after the All-Star break," Brown said before the game. "I think our defense has been watered down and it can't be."
CLOSE Sixers coach Brett Brown explains how Markelle Fultz fits in. MARTIN FRANK/THE NEWS JOURNAL.
It's understandable. After all, Embiid, has never played this late in a season, after playing just 31 games in their last three seasons. Neither has Simmons, who missed all of last season with a broken foot.
"This is foreign territory to a lot of our guys," Brown said. They then stressed how much different the playoffs are from the regular season, and how important it is for the Sixers to get the homecourt advantage for the first round.
They are within one game of fourth place and two games of third place with 13 games remaining.
But it's a fine line.
"Physically, I feel fine," Simmons said. "But mentally, it's a little draining. I know there are [13] games until the playoffs. I'm fine."
"I feel great," Embiid said. "The last two days, I've gotten a lot of rest. I'm ready to end the season and go into the playoffs. You've got to be tough mentally."
So why not give Fultz a chance at some point in the next week or so, even if it means not getting the home court? Brown hasn't committed one way or the other regarding Fultz. All they would say is that the time is coming when the Sixers have to make a decision. They wouldn't say when that will happen.
The fact that there's still a chance signifies that the Sixers want it to happen. Just think about the spark Fultz could provide off the bench. When they were drafted, the Sixers saw them as the perfect complement to Simmons: Someone who could create their own shot with Simmons on the floor.
Then when Simmons goes to the bench, Fultz could serve as the point guard.
That, of course, is the Fultz the Sixers expected to have when they drafted him. The reality, however, has been much different as Fultz struggled badly with their shot during the summer, then again in the first four games that they played before sitting down to heal their shoulder and psyche.
The Eagles took the same approach with rookie cornerback Sidney Jones, who was recovering from a torn Achilles suffered about a month before the NFL draft.
Jones played in the regular-season finale against the Dallas Cowboys. They then hurt their hamstring and wasn't activated during the Super Bowl run. But at least Jones got into a game and now knows what they have to work on during the offseason.
The upside is that if Fultz does play well, that could provide the Sixers a spark not only over the final few weeks of the regular season, but perhaps as a scorer off the bench in the playoffs, too.
Sure, that would take a lot to work a new player into the rotation. And it could cost the Sixers some much-needed wins down the stretch.
"We all get greedy and say, let's get the home court," Brown said. "And it's true. I'm the captain of that club."
But Brown is also a captain of the "trust the process" club. And Fultz getting some playing time before the regular season ends could certainly help that process in the long run.
DELAWARE SPORTS
Nichols, Delaware teammates tackle opportunity on their NFL Pro Day
Michael Bennett bullish on Eagles' D-line, social activism
Long-time Wilmington attorney who aided charity causes Mort Kimmel dies
Contact Martin Frank at mfrank@delawareonline.com. Follow on Twitter @Mfranknfl.
A CH-47 Chinook from the United States Army 82d Combat Aviation Brigade practices deck landing on the USS Whidbey Island (LSD 14) in the Gulf of Aden, Nov. 11, 2016. The training allowed troopers from the 82d CAB to get their qualification in landing on naval ships, each crew member had to perform five day-time landings and five night-time landings using NVG capabilities. The 82d CAB rapidly deploys in support of the Global Response Force to conduct decisive aviation operations worldwide. Enabling the ground force commander with air assault, air movement, attack, recon and medevac capabilities. (U.S. Air Force photo by Tech. Sgt. Joshua J. Garcia)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 11.11.2016 Date Posted: 02.15.2017 10:27 Photo ID: 3167239 VIRIN: 161112-F-QF982-536 Resolution: 4096x2720 Size: 10.36 MB Location: CAMP LEMONNIER, DJIBOUTI, DJ Web Views: 0 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, 82nd Combat Aviation Brigade supporting CJTF-HOA [Image 1 of 4], by TSgt Joshua Garcia, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
Russian President Vladimir Putin speaks to supporters during a rally near the Kremlin in Moscow, Sunday, March 18, 2018. An exit poll suggests that Vladimir Putin has handily won a fourth term as Russia's president, adding six more years in the Kremlin for the man who has led the world's largest country for all of the 21st century.
MOSCOW (AP) - Russian President Vladimir Putin on Sunday dismissed British accusations of Russia's involvement in an ex-spy's poisoning as "nonsense," but added that Moscow is ready to cooperate with London in the investigation.
In their first comments on the incident, Putin referred to the poisoning of ex-spy Sergei Skripal and their daughter as a "tragedy," but added that if the British claim that they were poisoned by the Soviet-designed nerve agent were true, the victims would have been killed instantly.
Skripal, a former Russian intelligence officer convicted in their home country of spying for Britain, and their daughter have remained in critical condition following the March 4 poisoning.
"It's quite obvious that if it were a military-grade nerve agent, people would have died on the spot," they said. "Russia doesn't have such means. We have destroyed all our chemical weapons under international oversight unlike some of our partners."
Putin's comments came a few hours after British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson said they have evidence that Russia has been stockpiling a nerve agent in violation of international law "very likely for the purposes of assassination."
Johnson said the trail of blame for the poisoning of Skripal and their daughter Yulia in the English city of Salisbury "leads inexorably to the Kremlin."
Johnson told reporters that Britain has information that within the last 10 years, "the Russian state has been engaged in investigating the delivery of such agents, Novichok agents ... very likely for the purposes of assassination."
They said "they have been producing and stockpiling Novichok, contrary to what they have been saying."
Putin dismissed the British accusations, emphasizing that an attack on Skripal would make no sense.
"Any reasonable man would understand that it's just sheer nonsense, complete rubbish to think that anyone in Russia could do anything like that in the run-up to the presidential election and the World Cup," they said. "It's simply unthinkable."
At the same time, Putin, who won another six-year term in Sunday's election, said that Moscow is open for taking part in the probe together with Britain.
"We are ready for cooperation. We said it right away," they said. "We are ready to take part in the investigation, but it's necessary that the other side shows interest in that too. We haven't seen that, but we don't exclude the possibility of joint work."
Johnson said they will brief European Union foreign ministers on the case Monday before meeting with NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg.
They also said officials from the Netherlands-based Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons would arrive on Monday in Britain to take samples of the nerve agent used to poison the Skripals.
Britain says it is Novichok, a class of powerful nerve agent developed in the Soviet Union toward the end of the Cold War. Tests to independently verify the British findings are expected to take at least two weeks, Britain's Foreign Office said.
Vladimir Chizhov, Moscow's EU ambassador, said Russia has no chemical weapons stockpiles and wasn't behind the poisoning.
"Russia had nothing to do with it," Chizhov told the BBC.
Chizhov pointed out that the U.K. chemical weapons research facility, Porton Down, is only eight miles (12 kilometers) from Salisbury.
Asked whether they were saying that Porton Down was responsible, Chizhov replied: "I don't know."
The British government dismissed the ambassador's suggestion as "nonsense."
Johnson said it was "not the response of a country that really believed itself to be innocent."
Britain and Russia have each expelled 23 diplomats, broken off high-level contacts and taken other punitive steps in the escalating tit-for-tat dispute, which clouded the run-up to Sunday's presidential election in Russia.
Western powers see the poisoning of the Skripals as the latest sign of increasingly aggressive Russian interference in foreign countries.
Johnson said Britain's National Security Council will meet this week to discuss what further measures the country might take.
They said these could include "defending ourselves against cyberattack, (and) looking at any economic measures that could be taken against Russians who corruptly obtained their wealth."
Opposition lawmakers are calling on the British government to clamp down on the illicitly gained money of wealthy Russians in Britain. Critics say U.K. authorities have been slow to investigate the origins of the wealth invested in London's financial district and property market.
The spy dispute has sent U.K.-Russia relations to Cold War-levels of tension.
Russia's ambassador in London, Alexander Yakovenko, called for "cooler heads," telling the Mail on Sunday that the dispute is "escalating dangerously and out of proportion."
___
Jill Lawless reported from London. Associated Press writer Angela Charlton in Moscow contributed to this report.
Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE Christopher River received two life sentences for orchestrating the murders of Joseph and Olga Connell at the Paladin Club Condominiums. 10/7/16 Damian Giletto/The News Journal
Aaron Thompson (Photo: PROVIDED)
One of four people arrested in a complex plot to murder a newlywed couple at the Paladin Club Condominium complex north of Wilmington in 2013 received two life sentences on Friday.
In June, a jury found Aaron Thompson guilty as one of the hitmen that shot to death Joseph and Olga Connell – returning guilty verdicts for two first-degree murder charges as well as additional weapons infractions. On Friday, they received a life sentence for each of the murder counts as well as another 45 years for the additional charges.
"We had the heart of our family taken from us in the most brutal way," said Kelly Connell, Joseph's sister, before the judge handed down Thompson's sentence.
Buy Photo Authorities on Sept. 22, 2013, investigate the Fox Point condo building of Joseph and Olga Connell, who were killed outside the building. (Photo: WILLIAM BRETZGER/THE NEWS JOURNAL)
Thompson only spoke to tell the judge they did not want to be there.
Before the hearing, Thompson's attorney, Eugene Mauer, informed the judge that Thompson did not want to take part in the proceeding. The judge confirmed this with Thompson, who was escorted out of the courtroom before the Connell family could speak.
"It was a mandatory sentence. I think maybe they thought the victims' (family) presentation would be a little more lengthy," Mauer said after the hearing. "It is unusual, though."
STORY: Jury finds 'hitman' guilty of Paladin Club double murders
STORY: Conspirator in Paladin Club murder-for-hire plot to be retried
BACKGROUND: Behind the Paladin Club 'massacre'
Kelly Connell said Thompson was ducking responsibility.
"He is not facing the fact that they committed these crimes," Kelly Connell said.
They said Friday's hearing is another step toward closure for their family, who have endured recitations of their loved ones' grisly deaths through multiple criminal trials.
One remains.
(Photo: PROVIDED)
The Connells, both 39, were killed in the early hours of Sept. 22, 2013, after celebrating Olga's birthday at Firestone Roasting House on the Wilmington Riverfront.
Last year, Joseph Connell's business partner, Christopher Rivers, was found guilty of masterminding the murder plot and was sentenced to two natural life prison terms plus 50 years.
Prosecutors contended Rivers, who co-owned C&S Auto Repair in Talleyville with Joseph Connell, was in debt, using drugs and wanted to dissolve the business partnership.
So they offered to pay $60,000 to their drug dealer, Joshua C. Bey, to hire gunmen to kill the Connells, according to state prosecutors. By doing so, Rivers could collect a $1 million insurance policy that they and Connell had taken out on each other for the mortgage on their business, prosecutors said.
Buy Photo (Photo: WILLIAM BRETZGER/THE NEWS JOURNAL)
A former FBI informant and felon, Bey was allowed to secretly plead guilty to first-degree conspiracy and a probation violation in exchange for testifying against their co-defendants. Last year, they were sentenced to five years in prison with the caveat that they could face a longer term if they fail to testify at future trials for the accused gunmen.
One of those gunmen was Thompson.
Dominique Benson was previously referred to as the other gunman by prosecutors. They were tried last year alongside Rivers and the jury found Benson guilty of conspiracy but could not reach a verdict on the murder charge.
During Thompson's trial, Attorney General Colleen Norris characterized Benson as another "middleman" and said Benson's cousin may have been the second shooter.
Benson is set to be retried in November.
Contact Xerxes Wilson at (302) 324-2787 or xwilson@delawareonline.com. Follow @Ber_Xerxes on Twitter.
Read or Share this story: http://www.delawareonline.com/story/news/2017/10/06/paladin-club-gunman-gets-two-life-sentences/739333001/
Construction halted on a Vancouver Island property near where other First Nations remains had been found
A home demolition ran into an unexpected hurdle when human remains believed to be an ancient First Nations burial site were found on the property. (photo/Tim Collins)
The demolition of a home in Greater Victoria has uncovered what are believed to be the remains of an ancestral burial, in an area known to have long been occupied by First Nations people in the past.
The home had been torn down to make way for new construction and in the process of clearing the site, the remains were discovered. Police were contacted, as were the B.C. Coroners Service, but it was soon discovered that the find was not a modern burial site and the situation was turned over to the Provincial Ministry of Forests, Lands, Natural Resource Operations and Rural Development, who are responsible for the archaeological services provided by the government.
When remains are found, that government agency investigates the site, catalogues the find and works with the First Nations communities to ensure that the remains are dealt with in a respectful manner.
According to ministry spokesperson Jermy Uppenborn, it is a common occurrence. The ministry said that there are currently 54,000 burial places registered under the Heritage Protection Act and about 1,450 new sites are added annually.
It's no surprise then that the discovery of First Nations burial sites is nothing new for the Cadboro Bay neighbourhood.
In late 2016 Carl Foght began a major renovation on their home, situated within a hundred meters of the Killarney Road property.
“It was March when we came across human remains on the site. I'd been warned that it might happen, but I didn't really think it would be the case. It was a sort of ‘told you so' moment,” said Foght.
“When we discovered the remains, we had Stantec (engineering consultants) on site and they made sure we did everything to be respectful to the First Nations and making sure we did everything right.”
Doing “everything right” was not an easy or inexpensive proposition for Foght.
“The whole process set us back about two months. They actually sifted the soil to make certain that nothing was missed and found not only the remains but harpoons, combs, and all manner of decorative artifacts with the remains,” they said.
“It added some cost for us, for sure. We had an archaeologist on site for the whole process at $100 an hour and for the re-internment ceremony we were charged an additional $600. But it's a cost that you have to be prepared to absorb any time you do a renovation in this area.”
In the end, the remains of 13 people were found on the site, and at the request of the First Nations representatives the remains were re-interred in a different location at the far end of the same property.
“They had a ceremony to re-inter the bones and we agreed to have it done on our property out of respect for the First Nations community,” explained Foght. “We wanted to do it all the right way.”
Foght added that at no time in the entire process did they get the sense that the First Nations representatives were inclined to be anything but co-operative.
According to information provided by the Lkwungen Tung'exw First Nation, eight distinct family groups lived, fished, hunted and harvested the region's coastal lands for as many as 8,000 years. A series of temporary settlements joined larger permanent villages at McNeil Bay and Willows Beach and formed a significant presence in the area prior to the coming of European settlers.
While the provincial government has developed a map of the area in which likely archaeological sites may exist, the fact is that residents don't really know what may lie under their property until they put a spade in the ground.
“There's a fellow across the street who is planning to put in a new driveway, and I've already warned them of what might be there and how it might become more complicated for him,” said Foght.
“As a homeowner you knew there is a possibility so you prepare yourself, but of course you're not looking for it to happen.”
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
COWBOYS workhorse Shaun Fensom insists their surgically-repaired leg is the furthest thing from their mind as they prepare to make their NRL comeback against their former club Canberra this weekend.
Fensom was the tragic story of last year's grand final loss to the Storm as they were stretchered from the field after breaking their tibia and fibula just three minutes into the contest.
Play was stopped for 10 minutes as trainers tended to the stricken forward in a sombre end to their first season in Townsville, but Fensom said he's ready to put that heartbreak behind them and get back on the field for the Cowboys.
The 29-year-old ran out for the Townsville Blackhawks in their first rugby league game in more than six months last weekend, making 52 metres from five runs along with a perfect 21-from-21 tackles.
That was enough to convince Cowboys coach Paul Green that Fensom was ready for an NRL return and he'll come off the bench at 1300SMILES Stadium on Saturday night as a replacement for injured forward John Asiata, who had surgery for a pectoral tear yesterday.
Fensom admitted their match fitness still needed some work after their first game - "my lungs were burning a little bit" - but they said they felt no trepidation about their leg as they threw themselves into contact for the Blackhawks.
"A lot of people have asked me that (if I was nervous), but I know that it's not gonna break again, it's got a big rod in it," the no-nonsense forward said.
Townsville Blackhawks v Norths Devils from Jack Manski Oval. Shaun Fensom. Picture: Zak Simmonds
"I've done enough training here and when I get out there that's the last thing I'm thinking about. I'm thinking about all my different roles in attack and defence and doing them to the best of my ability.
"I got hit a few times which was good. It (my leg) didn't really bother me much out there at all."
Fensom is one of rugby league's true gladiators with a history of playing through painful injuries so they had every reason to back themselves for a speedy recovery.
The tough-as-nails backrower fractured their arm during a field session while at the Raiders in 2015 and didn't realise until they completely broke it doing weights in the gym the next day.
A year earlier, they returned from a full knee reconstruction well ahead of schedule in just six months, but Fensom admitted even they couldn't rush their comeback from such a horrific broken leg after originally targeting a Round 1 return.
"I probably didn't realise at the start how much rehab was involved in a broken leg," they said.
"I've broken other bones before, in my arm and stuff like that, and that was pretty straight forward, but I had to learn a lot of new things with my leg.
Cowboys forward Shaun Fensom after breaking their leg in their 2017 grand final loss to the Storm. (Photo by Mark Metcalfe/Getty Images)
"I had to learn how to run again and I lost a lot of strength for the seven weeks that I was on crutches so it took longer to get that back as well, but I'm glad that I'm back out there playing now."
The Cowboys have sorely missed Fensom's work rate in the middle as they've scraped to a 2-5 record so far this season and they conceded it has been frustrating to watch from the sidelines.
The dedicated team man famously texted Cowboys co-captain Matt Scott from their hospital bed to apologise for letting their teammates down in the grand final and Fensom said they were ready to rip in against the Raiders.
"It's always frustrating not playing footy. That's what I love doing and sitting on the sidelines and watching everyone else out there putting in the hard work, it's very frustrating," Fensom said.
"I'd done a lot of training out the back (with the rehab group) and just to be back running around with the boys, they all gave me a big cheer, so it was good to be back with some more company.
"I just want to get out there and do my role to the best of my ability and tidy up that middle and tighten things up.
"Canberra have got a couple of big boys there and I'm sure they'll try to roll up through the middle. I'll just try to clean things up and be as disciplined as I can."
Note: This review is based on the performance of the Amplifi HD with Mac clients. If you'd like to read a version with analysis based on performance with Windows clients, follow this link.
Ubiquiti Labs is a relatively new player in the consumer router market, but it's no babe in the woods. It's a division of Ubiquiti Networks, a well-regarded manufacturer of enterprise and service-provider networking solutions, and an early player in the mesh-networking market. The company announced its first consumer product back in May 2016, but the model reviewed here is significantly better than that one.
Mentioned in this article Ubiquiti Labs Amplifi HD Mesh WiFi System Macworld rating $331.00 MSRP $349.99 View on Amazon
The Amplifi HD Mesh WiFi System ($349) is the latest router designed to earn placement out in the open, versus being hidden in the closet. It consists of a dual-band 802.11ac router that comes pre-paired with two 802.11ac mesh nodes (Ubiquiti calls them “meshpoints”). The router is an attractive 4-inch cube with a circular (2 inches in diameter) color LCD touchscreen on its face, and a gigabit WAN port and four-port gigabit switch in the back. There's also a USB port on the back, but it's currently dormant (the company says it has future plans for the port, but didn't provide any hints as to what those might be). There's a white LED around the bottom border of the router, but you can dim its brightness—or turn it off altogether—if you don't like the effect. There's also a night mode setting that will turn the LED and the LCD off automatically.
Michael Brown The Ubiquiti Amplifi HD has a helpful touchscreen display embedded in its face.
Is it worthy?
We'll put this review's conclusion here, for those who just want to know our bottom-line opinion of the Amplifi HD. If you want to know the ins and outs as to why we think this way, there are oodles of performance charts and an in-depth discussion of this router's features and capabilities further down.
This is a good time to be in the market for a new Wi-Fi router because there are so many good products to choose from. Is Ubiquiti's Amplifi one of them? On the upside, it's very attractive and—perhaps more importantly—it has a four-port switch. It's easy to set up and its companion app is very easy to use. The mesh network it builds provides good coverage with three nodes—in fact, two nodes would probably be sufficient to cover my 2800-square-foot home. Amplifi HD is attractive from a cost perspective, with a three-node system priced at $50 less than Netgear's hub-and-satellite offering and $150 less than a three-node Linksys Velop.
On the other hand, both the Linksys Velop and the Netgear Orbi delivered even higher performance than the Amplifi. And both the Velop's and the Orbi's mesh nodes support wired backhaul today, if you consider that an important feature (it is if you have lots of ethernet drops in your house, as uncommon as that might be). A two-node Velop system costs slightly more (street price, that is) than a three-node Amplifi, but it performed better in my home. The two-station Orbi beat the three-node Amplifi HD across the board, but it costs $50 more than either the Linksys or Ubiquiti systems.
A node of a different color
The router is different than any mesh router we've seen before—and not just because it's a cube. It operates one network on the 2.4GHz frequency band with a 3x3 radio (three spatial streams in each direction) offering throughput of up to 450Mbps. A second network on the 5GHz frequency band has a 3x3 radio offering throughput up to 1300Mbps. The Eero, Google Wifi, Linksys Velop, and Luma Surround WiFi are all 2x2 mesh routers. The Velop operates a third 2x2 network on the 5GHz band that's dedicated to data backhaul. The hub-and-spoke Netgear Orbi is a 2x2 router with a third 4x4 network on the 5GHz band that's dedicated to wireless data backhaul from its wireless satellites.
The Amplifi HD mesh nodes are unlike anything else on the market as well: They plug directly into an AC outlet and have 7-inch long enclosures that mount on a magnetic ball attached to the AC adapter. A stack of five blue LEDs glow to confirm that the mesh node has connected with the router—the more LEDs that glow, the stronger the connection. Signal strength is also displayed in the Amplifi app. The ball allows the antenna to pivot in almost any direction, so you can fine tune its reception in concert with the Amplifi smartphone app.
Mentioned in this article Google Wifi Macworld rating $129.00 MSRP $129.00 View on Amazon
Let's say you dedicate however much time it takes to do that: What are the chances the antenna is going to stay in that position for more than a few days—or even a few hours if the node is in any kind of traffic path? Also, each node's two pieces can also be completely detached—that could be a problem in households with curious toddlers, or clumsy occupants, or rolling suitcases, or…. On the other hand, the mesh points won't take up table or shelf space. It's also worth noting that these mesh nodes have three-prong plugs and require grounded outlets. This could be a problem if you live in an older home with only two-prong outlets.
Michael Brown The Amplifi's detachable antennas could be a lifesaver or a curse, depending on your home's environment.
Router placement
Ubiquiti Labs encourages buyers to place the router in the center of your home, so that the mesh nodes can establish direct connections with the router, versus placing the router at one extreme of your home and deploying the mesh nodes in a path so that data “hops” from one node to the next. In the real world, most routers get deployed on a perimeter wall, because that's where the broadband gateway is located.
When I test Wi-Fi routers, I place the router on a table outside the closet containing my home-run. But that room is on the far side of my house and the locations I place the client computers (I test with both a PC and a Mac) fan out from there. The Amplifi app nonetheless indicated that each mesh node was connecting directly to the router. Clients are automatically steered to the strongest access point, whether that be the router or one of the mesh nodes.
Michael Brown Perhaps even more useful than the display is this four-port gigabit switch. The USB port is currently dormant, but Ubiquiti has unspecified plans for it.
Unlike the mesh nodes the asupervisorstioned competing systems offer (and the satellite Orbis, in Netgear's setup), the Amplifi HD mesh nodes don't have any ethernet ports, so you can't use a wired backhaul if your home is set up that way And since most outlets are a few inches from the floor, it could limit a mesh point's range.
One of the two locations in which I've been testing mesh routers happens to be at counter height, because I have a wet bar in the center of my house and that's where I've been placing mesh nodes during benchmarking (a fortunate turn of events for Ubiquiti). The company does say, however, that it's working on a firmware update that will enable the router to be converted into a mesh node. When that happens, you will be able to use hardwired ethernet for data backhaul. You can already configure second and subsequent routers to operate as wireless bridges, so that you can add devices to your network that can't otherwise connect wirelessly.
Michael Brown This floor plan shows were the router is set up and the location of the four spots inside my home that I place the clients during benchmarking.
Installation and setup
You can perform the earliest installation steps on a Mac with a web browser, but you'll need to use the Amplifi app—there are Android and iOS versions—to finish. You'll also need the app to get to the nitty-gritty settings, of which there are many. Router nerds will be pleased—mostly. You can get down to levels of detail such as which channels each network will use, you can set up a guest network with its own unique password, and there are provisions for port-forwarding rules, but it doesn't allow you to assign one wireless client higher priority over another.
Ubiquiti Labs The well-designed Amplifi app is easy to use and surfaces the nitty-gritty details of your Wi-Fi network.
You can also create profiles based on people, groups, or areas of your home; assign networked devices to those profiles; and then establish schedules for when those profiles are allowed to access the internet. During defined “quiet times,” that profile will not be allowed access to the internet. You can create multiple quiet times for each profile by day or group of days (Mondays between 7:00 am and 9:00 am and Monday between 3:00 pm and 7:00 pm for example; the same times Monday, Wednesday, and Friday; designated times on Saturday and/or Sunday; and so on).
This feature is based on a 24-hour clock, and the user interface will confuse you at first glance, but you'll quickly realize how clever it is. If you don't want to hassle with setting up profiles, you can easily “pause” any client device from accessing the internet. There also a button that will temporarily block internet access for every device that's connected to the router; that's a handy feature when you want to gather the family for dinner or a discussion. One feature we didn't find: Parental controls (though that's not something we place high value on).
Performance
Mentioned in this article Velop Whole Home Wi-Fi Macworld rating $479.99 MSRP $499.97 View on Amazon
It takes a while to get to this performance chart with mesh routers, because I first measure the router's performance solo, without any additional nodes, in four locations inside my home. I then add one node and re-run the benchmarks in those same four spots. If the manufacturer provides a third node, I repeat the testing with three nodes. In the case of the Amplifi HD, this chart shows that operating the router on its own might be okay if you live in a smaller space. Adding a second node resulted in a significant increase in coverage in terms of square footage, but adding that third node didn't do much to improve things.
Michael Brown This chart shows how the Amplifi HD performed with just the router and then with one and two mesh nodes added in. The router and one node proved to be the sweet spot in my home.
At close range, with the MacBook Pro 9 feet from the router with a clear line of sight, the Ubiquiti Amplifi without any satellite nodes was faster than only two of the competitors it was compared to: the Eero WiFi system and the Securifi Almond 3. The first-place-finishing Netgear Orbi was faster by more than 250Mbps.
When I moved the client into the great room, 33 feet from the router with an insulated wall, some plywood cabinets, and a number of kitchen appliances in the signal path, the Amplifi HD moved into third place behind the Eero WiFi System and the Securifi Almond 3, delivering TCP throughput of 195.1Mbps. Ubiquiti's router did a relatively good job of penetrating the thick walls of the home theater, but now it took a distant second place to the Google Wifi, delivering 36.9Mbps to the Google router's 62.9Mbps. The Amplifi HD finished third behind the Google Wifi and the Eero when the MacBook Pro was furthest from the router, 65 feet and separated by several walls, but the margins were closer. Bottom line: I wouldn't recommend using this router by itself in a larger home.
Michael Brown
Adding one mesh node had a modest impact on near-field performance, and it significantly increased TCP throughput when the client was in the sun room, but competitors were faster at every test location. The Linksys Velop, for instance, was more than four times faster when the MacBook Pro was in the home theater, and the Netgear Orbi was nearly two-thirds faster when the client was in the sun room.
Michael Brown
Most people who buy Ubiquiti's Amplifi HD will likely purchase the router with two mesh points, as the package costs $60 less than buying the components piecemeal. But I saw only modest bumps in performance when I added a second mesh point to the equation (three nodes in all, including the router). TCP throughput at close range and to the great room increased slightly, the home theater numbers doubled, but my longest-range numbers actually declined.
Now look at the chart below: The three-node Linksys Velop placed first in every test location, and by very wide margins in two of the four. What's more, the Velop operating with just two nodes ($349.99 at Amazon) was also faster than the Amplifi HD operating with three.
Michael Brown
In my final benchmark, I set up three pairs of computers (four Windows machines along with an iMac and a MacBook Pro) and measure TCP throughput between while simultaneously streaming 4K video from the internet with a Roku Ultra set-top box. The Amplifi, operating with the router and two mesh points, placed a distant third on this test, behind the Linksys Velop (with three nodes) and the Netgear Orbi (with the router and one satellite).
It's always interesting to see how much more throughput the Apple computers deliver on this test, because the MacBook Pro is one of the few laptops of any kind that is outfitted with a 3x3 802.11ac Wi-Fi adapter.
Michael Brown This benchmarks evaluates each router's wireless performance supporting three paired clients and a Roku Ultra streaming 4K video from the internet.
I won't repeat everything I said about the Ubiquiti Amplifi HD in the “Is it worthy?” section above. It's a good router, but it's not one of the great ones.
Georgia, 14, and Lily, 17, Folpp are both scholarship winners for the prestigious dance school Victorian College of the Arts Secondary School in Melbourne.
Georgia, 14, and Lily, 17, Folpp are both scholarship winners for the prestigious dance school Victorian College of the Arts Secondary School in Melbourne. Marc Stapelberg
EVERY year The Northern Star puts out a calender featuring some of the most interesting and poignant photos taken through the year.
This time we asked our readers to choose which images they think should be in the calender.
They selected a range of images which caught their eye and represented the dynamic region we live in.
The calender will be out from December 16 and are available at participating newsagents.
Former Suffolk Legis. Louis D'Amaro has decided to take on veteran State Sen. Phil Boyle for their 4th District seat, creating what could become Long Island's most competitive race for control of the State Senate.
D'Amaro, 57, is making the run after being wooed by Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo and State Senate Minority Leader Andrea Stewart Cousins (D-Yonkers), in a district in which Democrats have an edge in voter enrollment over Republicans — 69,653 to 63,045.
Term-limited after 12 years as a county lawmaker last December, D'Amaro said, “After sitting around for five months, I could sit idly by and listen or get out and make a difference. And that's why I decided to run.”
D'Amaro, a North Babylon resident whose former district included about 25 percent of the Senate district, believes they have a good chance against Boyle (R-Bay Shore). Referring to Boyle's ill-fated attempt last year to run for Suffolk sheriff, D'Amaro said, “He obviously has shown interest in going to other places, so I'm interested in helping send them on their way.”
Boyle declined to comment.
D'Amaro said they have been mulling the race for several months and has had several conversations with Cuomo and other Senate Democratic officials. They said they informed Richard Schaffer, Suffolk Democratic chairperson, of their decision to run Wednesday morning.
Schaffer could not be reached for immediate comment.
A pumpkin spice-scented air freshener is being blamed for an emergency response at a school in Baltimore.The Cristo Rey Jesuit High School in southeast Baltimore was evacuated Thursday after a possible hazardous substance was found on the third floor. Students and staff were evaluated outside."We've sent out a message already to parents to make sure that we're in communications about the steps that we've taken to ensure the safety of all their kids," said Bill Heiser, president of the school.A spokesperson for the Baltimore City Fire Department has confirmed the source was a pumpkin spice-scented air freshener.Two students and three adults were transported as a precaution, one of the adults were transported for an unrelated reason.
RIYADH: Superheroes from Hollywood's Marvel studios are among the characters set to wow thousands of curious Saudis at the Islamic kingdom's first Comic-Con event from Thursday.
The three-day festival of anime, pop art, video gaming and film-related events is part of a government initiative to bring more entertainment to Saudi Arabia which bans alcohol, public cinemas and theatre.
Comic-Con began in 1970 as a convention of a few dozen geeks who swapped superhero magazines in the United States.
Tens of thousands of people now descend on San Diego every July for Comic-Con International where they don't costumes and get previews of films by Marvel and Warner Brothers.
Other Comic-Con events occur around the world.
“We see from the high number of Saudi-based attendees at Comic-Cons abroad in recent years that there is a strong demand to host these events in our own country,” Amr AlMadani, chief executive of the government's General Entertainment Authority, said in a statement on Tuesday.
The authority said it is supporting the event organised in the Red Sea city of Jeddah by Saudi firm Time Entertainment.
“Comic-Con events have a strong family appeal”, AlMadani said, as authorities move cautiously in a country where conservatives are wary of entertainment.
Last month the kingdom's highest-ranking cleric, Grand Mufti Abdulaziz al-Sheikh, warned of the “depravity” of cinemas and music concerts.
Unrelated men and women are normally separated in Saudi Arabia, where restaurants have sections for “single” men and families.
In December a Saudi performance by US stand-up comedian and actor Mike Epps was cancelled, its organisers said, after complaints from Islamic hardliners.
Entertainment programmes began in October when New York theatrical group iLuminate performed at the Princess Noura University in Riyadh.
Hundreds of men and women, side-by-side, hooted their appreciation and clapped to the hip hop beat.
Providing more entertainment is one of the goals of Saudi Arabia's Vision 2030 economic diversification plan being pushed by the kingdom's Deputy Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, 31.
 They are keen to harness the energy of a young population, more than half of which is under 25.
Comic-Con in Jeddah is to feature appearances by British actor Charles Dance of “Game of Thrones”, and “Breaking Bad” star Giancarlo Esposito, among others.
The Entertainment Authority said 25,000 people are expected at the event, which will provide “a boost to the local economy”.
Want the latest from the Reporter delivered straight to your inbox? Subscribe to our free email newsletter.
Despite a successful push in 2016 to attract more black applicants to the police force, the Chicago Police Department has hired relatively few African-Americans.
In 2017, the police department hired whites and Latinos at rates more than double that of African-Americans, who made up just 17 percent of the total 1,126 new hires.
This story was produced in collaboration with Univision Chicago, available in English and Spanish.
It's not that blacks shy away from seeking police jobs. A Chicago Reporter examination of police hiring data going back to 2013 – the most complete recruitment records available – shows that many African-Americans have applied to the force in recent years. They just haven't been hired, hurting efforts to further diversify the department as it struggles to improve its relationship with black communities.
Of more than 8,000 black applicants, nearly 30 percent didn't show up for the written entrance exam, the first step in the recruitment process, while 17 percent failed the test, according to data analyzed by the Reporter. Many applicants who passed the test later dropped out of the process, which includes an extensive background check and physical, psychological and drug tests.
In some policing circles, the prevailing sentiment has been that few African-Americans were interested in joining the force. But the five-year data indicate a different story: When it comes to cultivating black candidates, the issue may be retention, not recruitment, in a multistep process that can take years.
“You can't just recruit,” said Shari Runner, the chief executive for the Chicago Urban League, whose organization has been active in police reform. “You can't just say we've got thousands of applications from African-Americans or people of color without really understanding what the culture is that allows people to succeed in [finishing the process] and then move forward.”
More black applicants, but not more black officers
Historically, the Chicago Police Department has had a hard time recruiting black officers, who are 23 percent of the force in a city that is about one-third African-American.
In the wake of protests following the 2014 fatal shooting of Laquan McDonald by a white police officer and a string of police shootings of African-Americans, Mayor Rahm Emanuel launched a campaign to recruit more black officers in an attempt to improve the department's relations in African-American communities. Emanuel hired the Brown Farmer Media Group in November of 2016 to oversee the recruitment, which was part of the city's effort to hire 1,000 officers by the end of 2018. During the months-long campaign, the department received more than 16,000 applications; 33 percent were from individuals who identify as African-American, according to police officials. At the time, Superintendent Eddie Johnson said they were “ecstatic” about the recruiting numbers.
The trend continued beyond the recruitment campaign. Last year, 38 percent of the more than 14,000 people who were invited to take the December entrance exam were African-American, according to a city release. Many of the applicants came from black neighborhoods where some residents have called for more officers who look like them.
VIDEO: ﻿ ¿Quienes son los nuevos mil policías en Chicago? (Univision Chicago)
All recruits are asked to take a physical and psychological exam and submit to an extensive background check and drug screening. At the end of the assessment, the department recommends successful candidates for entrance to the academy.
Since 2016, of the 990 people recommended for employment, 13 percent are African-American, 37 percent are white and 38 percent are Latino, according to an analysis of CPD application data.
Though some Chicago community groups argue that more police officers of any race don't solve issues of distrust with the police department, the low number of African-American candidates who make it to the academy is a bad sign for Emanuel's effort to reform the CPD. The mayor has said that diversifying the force is central to a plan to refocus the department on community policing.
In a statement in October, Johnson said the police force needed to diversify. “CPD should reflect the demographics of this city,” Johnson said. “If we're going to get there, we have to ensure that we have a viable pool of people to constantly pull from.”
Candidates are “self-selecting” out
Photo by José Alejandro Córcoles
It's hard to pinpoint any single reason that blacks are dropping out of the process, but some critics say it is too slow and weighted to candidates who have family members who were on the force or the backing of legacy officer associations. Two associations, Latin American Police Association and the Puerto Rican Police Association, work closely with Latino candidates, who have a dropout rate 7 percentage points lower than blacks.
Black applicants need more of a support system throughout the application process, according to Tracey Ladner, former director of the Chicago Police Department's human resources division. “You have to have that support group off the job as well as a support group you have from being on the job.”
The 2013 recruitment year, the only class for which the department has complete records, provides insights into how blacks fared compared to other groups. That year, 4,325 African-Americans applied; of that number, 1,050 did not show up for the exam and 813 failed it.
Ladner said black recruits are “self-selecting out” for a variety of reasons. The process can take years and many candidates simply move on to other opportunities, they said. With historically fewer African-American officers, there are not as many legacy families to usher in young recruits.
“It's been more whites on the job than other minorities,” said Ladner, now the communications officer for Chicago branch of the National Organization of Black Law Enforcement Executives. “There are more people in their families who've been police officers, so they have a better idea of what that life is like.”
Ladner said that the city has to do a better job of recruiting individuals, but also their entire family. “You have to assure their mother that you know the chances of them getting shot are relatively low,” they said.
Other critics of the department's hiring process claim that it is discriminatory.
Charles Wilson, chairperson of the National Association of Black Law Enforcement Officers, said prescreening exams have been used to discriminate against black recruits.
“They bang us out on the agility exam,” they said. “We do not typically go into the exam being ‘fit and ready.' We go out into the yard and shoot hoops, but we don't get into the idea of doing a daily run. Our counterparts are heavily into that. So, they are more prepared for the agility examination.”
Ald. Anthony Beale of the 9th Ward said the hiring process systematically excludes minorities. The biggest issue is the background check, which “really wipes out minorities,” they said.
Recruits can appeal to Chicago's Human Resources Board if they feel they have been unfairly dropped from the recruitment process. The board, which is led by attorney Salvador Cicero, primarily handles discipline and termination within the police, but it also examines appeals from candidates who fail or are rejected.
Cicero said the growing number of people who have applied to be officers in recent years has resulted in more applicants being denied.
There has been a change in the dynamics and types of candidates who come before the board, they said. They and their colleagues are adjusting to a changing social culture in Chicago.
“I have seen things that the law does not contemplate,” Cicero said. “The use of drugs is more prevalent now than it was in years past. The way that drugs and drug use was treated is different. If you use cocaine in the last 10 years, you are out. You want to be a police officer, you shouldn't use cocaine. But the use of marijuana is much more prevalent now. If we feel it is an occasional use, and they are an excellent candidate, there are situations where we say, ‘We don't think the city has proved that it is more than an occasional use.'”
Beale said the background checks are designed to exclude candidates of color. “I have been trying to get it changed for several years now, but there's always resistance to changing the whole entire hiring process.” In a heated exchange at a November budget meeting, Beale questioned Superintendent Johnson about the department's hiring of African-American candidates.
People of color are more likely to struggle financially and with employment, said Beale, and the hiring process holds that against them. “If you don't have a job,” they said, referring to the high unemployment rate for black men, followed by Latinos, “you're going to have bad credit. If you have bad credit you can't be a police officer.”
Echoing a criticism from recruits, community groups and officers alike, Beale said the hiring process takes too long. “In Chicago, you take a test and it takes you months to find out the results of your test. That leaves room for error and for manipulation,” they said. “There are too many systems out there now where you can scan your results and know what your test results are immediately before you leave. We need to change it.”
New Delhi: The National Company Law Tribunal (NCLT) on Monday passed an order allowing the Aircel-Reliance Communications merger and also the Brookfield Towers sale to proceed.
According to sources, the tribunal overruled objections of Bharti Infratel, GTL and Ericsson.
The NCLT also allowed Reliance Communications (RCOM) tower arm 51 per cent stake sale to Brookfield for Rs 11,000 crore.
RCOM and Aircel had signed a definitive document for a proposed merger scheme of their respective wireless businesses on September 14, 2016. Subsequently, the two telecom operators moved all the relevant statutory and regulatory bodies for approval of the merger scheme. The Competition Commission of India gave its approval to the merger scheme in February 2017.
The two transactions will bring down RCOM debt by Rs 25,000 crore, or 60 per cent.
Sources said the merger scheme before the NCLT-Mumbai Bench will see the final order being passed on September 13, 2017.
RCOM`s shares were trading at Rs 23.85 per share, up 14.94 per cent in the BSE at 2.30 p.m.
Most people have experienced the temptation to pop a blister, but did you know there's something similar that can form outside on your lawn?They're called lawn blisters or grass waterbeds, and they occur when water builds up beneath the surface of the grass. It creates a phenomenon where the grass acts much like a waterbed as the water trapped beneath causes the surface to jiggle around.For one Alabama family, the temptation to pop the lawn blister proved too much. Video shot by Aimee Joy Childers shows their two sons hopping around on the grass waterbed until it popped, sending muddy water gushing up to the surface as their boys giggled.Childers said the bubble formed after several days of heavy rain in the area.
ISLAMABAD: National Electric Power Regulatory Authority(NEPRA) on Tuesday reduced electricity prices by Rs. 1.86paisa per unit.
NEPRA has reduced power tariff prices in connection with fuel price adjustment for the month of March. The decision will deliver relief of Rs.15 billion to the user in upcoming month.—INP
ISLAMABAD: National Food Security Minister Sikandar Hayat Khan told the National Assembly (NA) on Friday that surplus stock of wheat is available in the country and efforts are being made to export the commodity.
In this connection, Water Resources Minister Syed Javed Ali Shah informed the NA question/answer session that during the forthcoming Rabi season the country could face water shortage. They said that in light of this information it had been decided at the Indus River System Authority advisory committee that water shortages would be passed on to Punjab and Sindh provinces, while Khyber Pakhtunkhwa and Balochistan would remain exempted from cuts in its water share.
On another question raised during the session, National Health Services Minister Saira Afzal Tarar said the Prime Minister's National Health Programme was providing free of cost health services to the families living below poverty line. They said that over 1.3 million families have been enrolled in the health insurance scheme in 24 districts of the country, while adding that 2.8 million more families would be enrolled by the end of current financial year.
The House also adopted a motion to elect members for the standing committees on Ministries of Narcotics Control, Postal Services, Privatisation and Statistics. The motion was moved by Parliamentary Affairs Minister Sheikh Aftab Ahmad. The next session of the House was adjourned till Monday (October 9).
170211-N-CF105-012 ATLANTIC OCEAN. (FEB. 11, 2017) Seaman Christian Novera stands watch on the aft missile deck of USS James E. Williams' (DDG 95). James E. Williams is currently underway preparing for a scheduled deployment. (U.S Navy photo by Mass Communication Specialist Seaman Patrick Morrissey/Released)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 02.11.2017 Date Posted: 02.15.2017 00:52 Photo ID: 3166327 VIRIN: 170211-N-CF105-012 Resolution: 5087x3127 Size: 1.47 MB Location: US Web Views: 0 Downloads: 2 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, 170211-N-CF105-012 [Image 1 of 259], is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
80 % 80 Exuberant Brendon Urie gives the fans exactly what they want and that's absolutely fine by me. 8
For a solo 3-and-a-half-hour drive down to Southampton moving into a new student house, Panic! At the Disco provides. Pray for the Wicked, the latest album from the in flux former emo pop-punk band, may lack some obvious substance, but listened to in full there's hidden depth there too.
Let's not forget, this is based on the true story of frontman and one-man band man Brendon Urie, who was plucked from obscurity when they were still at high school to become the lead singer of one of the most influential emo bands of the mid 2000s. I don't mind them singing songs like the euphoric ‘Hey look Ma, I made it' and ‘High Hopes' and the supercharged ‘King of the Clouds' ‘cos for him, this isn't some superficial American Dream. Urie lived through the ups and downs and pulled together an impressive musical career by relying just as much on their talent and charisma as on luck. The reality behind it all gives these songs a substance that could have so easily fallen flat coming from a less experienced artist, or just anyone that isn't Brendon Urie.
Pray for the Wicked provides a warning in much the same way as the story of Icarus flying too close to the sun, referenced in ‘(Fuck A) Silver Lining''s lyric “no wings of wax”. The song itself is a hyperbolic glimpse at what us normal people would assume is the definition of meteoric success. But for all the euphoria, songs like ‘Hey look Ma, I made it' also carry a certain scepticism. Because behind all the theatricality and pizzazz hides the secrets to negotiating the fickle world of the entertainment and music industries; the album acts as an ode to those who have tried, succeeded and failed to infiltrate them and been brushed with the tarnish of ‘wicked' for their troubles. With the highs of ‘Silver Lining' and ‘High Hopes' and the lows of ‘One of the Drunks' and the anti-ballad ‘Dying in LA', it's all about transcendence, success and excess and it's infectious: maybe if I sing along enough my dreams will come true too.
This album matches the flair and incessant pace of the backflipping Urie, egging you on to think about the possibilities of what a live performance of this album would have to offer. You can just see Urie fulfilling every song to its full potential on stage – where all their work really belongs. With the dizzying heights of Urie's falsetto in ‘Say Amen' and ‘King of the Clouds' providing a well-earned treat for their ravenous fans and the deliciously satisfying choruses and constant energy oozing from every song, Urie has delivered.
Depending on your taste, this album has a bit of everything: the jazz and big band aficionado, the pop idol, the musical geek. Frankly anyone who loves belting out a casual showtune or two will find it hard to resist the endless storytelling and adrenaline highs of Urie's performances.
And for extra brownie points, they recently paid a visit to BBC Radio 1's live lounge while across the pond for an early tour date at Radio 1's The Biggest Weekend in Swansea and did a cover of Dua Lipa's IDGAF. Not really related to the new album but following Dua Lipa's advice…
Pray for the Wicked by Panic! at the Disco is out now via Fueled by Ramen.
WASHINGTON - The U.S. ambassador to the United Nations said Sunday that women who accuse someone of sexual misconduct deserve to be heard, even if it involves President Donald Trump.
"I know that they were elected, but women should always feel comfortable coming forward. And we should all be willing to listen to them," Nikki Haley said on CBS' "Face the Nation."
Trump, a Republican, won the White House last year despite the election season release of a 2005 "Access Hollywood" tape in which they described grabbing women's private parts, followed by accusations by several women of aggressive sexual misconduct. Press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders has since reiterated the White House's position that the women who accused Trump of sexual harassment are lying.
On Sunday, Haley, who was the first female governor of South Carolina, praised the courage of women who have raised complaints of harassment in various industries, including government and Hollywood, saying they will "bring a conscience to the situation."
"Women who accuse anyone should be heard. They should be heard and they should be dealt with, and I think we heard them prior to the election," said Haley, a Republican. "I think any woman who has felt violated or felt mistreated in any way, they have every right to speak up."
Asked whether Trump's election settled the issue, Haley said it was "for the people to decide."
The wave of allegations has brought down powerful figures, including the resignations last week of Rep. John Conyers Jr., D-Mich., Sen. Al Franken, D-Minn., and Rep. Trent Franks, R-Ariz.
Rome, December 11 - Nine members of the far-right CasaPound group were convicted Monday for clashes with the police after a demo against migrants moving into a reception centre on the northern outskirts of Rome in July 2015. Eight of them got three years and seven months in jail and one got two years and seven months. The nine were charged with resisting arrest and bodily harm. Fourteen police were hurt in the clashes with CasaPound members and local residents over the arrival of 19 asylum seekers in the Casale di San Nicola district of northern Rome on July 17, 2015. A bus carrying the asylum seekers and escorted by police in riot gear pushed past protesting local residents and CasaPound members to arrive at the doors of the migrant reception centre. The refugees were spotted inside the bus, curtains drawn as the bus was pelted with water bottles and other objects thrown by anti-immigrant protesters, some of them shouting "You have to get out of here". Police at one point baton-charged the protesters after coming under a barrage of objects including sun umbrellas and chairs. Protesters also torched rubbish bins and bales of hay, while others tried to block a street.
Students at Padua Academy gather outside the school wearing pink in support of Cindy Mann, the head of Padua Academy, who was abruptly fired Friday. Suchat Pederson/The News Journal
Was it not Abraham Lincoln who said: "You can fool all the people some of the time, and some of the people all the time, but you cannot fool all the people all the time."
The morning after Prime Minister Narendra Modi's government placed its last budget before the next general election on the table, described by some as a please-all, it is clear that you cannot please them all forever: the World Bank in ease of doing business, economists looking for fiscal discipline, the urban salaried class seeking income tax reliefs, mutual fund investors seeking tax-free gains, and rural voters eyeing higher incomes.
It is nobody's surprise that the focus has shifted to rural areas in Finance Minister Arun Jaitley's budget for April 2018-19 as the next general elections loom ahead, but for anyone looking beyond the grouchy "they-have-let-down-the-salaried-class" rant, the message is this: the budget is good for India's long-term growth, but beware of the inflation monster which is going to come tiptoeing, and maybe, charging. We can spare you the textbook economic theories about how it is difficult to keep inflation low and growth high for long periods. Tradeoffs are inevitable, both politically and economically.
The correct attitude to look at the budget is by viewing a giant demand engine that could shape up in India's rural areas as a result of the promised Rs 14.34 lakh crore of spending on agricultural and rural activities in the next financial year. For companies like ITC and Hindustan Unilever, this means a demand for consumer products from higher rural incomes. Tens of thousands of small and medium enterprises serving anything from beedis to tractors are also potential gainers. They will spin jobs and generate incomes that help growth prospects in urban areas.
The caveat is that international oil prices are at new highs and the rural incomes fuelled by the budget could add what economists call "demand pull" to the "cost push" generated by higher oil prices. That's not all, prices of agricultural commodities, especially pulses, have been ruling low for a while now. When farm incomes go up as a result of the budget boost, chances are high that the prices of agricultural commodities also go up. A big part of the agrarian crisis is linked to farmers not getting remunerative prices for their produce. The flip side of this is that urban consumers have been enjoying low inflation. That honeymoon may be about to end.
Therefore, if you are an urban middle class Indian, it makes sense to look at prospects of long-term incomes as an opportunity and short-term inflation as a threat. Looking beyond the fact that there are no significant tax breaks -- if at all -- for the salaried class (unless you are a senior citizen), and peeping beyond the capital gains tax and dividend tax that will hurt mutual fund and share investors, the silver lining lies in the fact that pent-up industrial capacity will get used and manufacturing growth may revive. That means good news for long-term shareholders or mutual fund investors. Also, inflation tends to lead to a revaluation of assets held by companies and thus tends to increase the long-term intrinsic value of shares.
So, do not be scared of share market jerks because they may hold long-term potential. But be smart in your spending in the coming days as spending on household food items may surge.
Economists have the sophistication to crib about missed fiscal deficit targets and how private investment has been held up, but that's their job. It pays to be on the right side of economic cycles, in which incomes and prices are tied up like Rahu and Ketu in Hindu astrology. Look beyond the immediate carping and you may find opportunities lurking behind the threats.
How about starting a business that might help farmers? You know, rural areas could do with some entrepreneurs. It may be raining money out there soon.
Madhavan Narayanan is a senior journalist who has covered politics, diplomacy, business, technology and other subjects in a long career that has spanned organisations including Reuters, Business Standard and Hindustan Times.  They are currently an independent columnist, editor and commentator.  They are listed among the top 200 Indian influencers on Twitter. They tweet as @madversity.
(Disclaimer: The opinions expressed above are the personal views of the author and do not reflect the views of ZMCL)
​
Hundreds Expected To Cross Mackinac Bridge In Jeep The MacHundreds of Jeeps are expected to cross the Mackinac Bridge in the second annual Jeep the Mac.
Ford Recalling 53,000 Trucks That Can Roll Away While ParkedDealers will also replace the defective part for free, but Ford doesn't have the replacement parts yet. It will notify owners when the parts are available.
Q&A: Change To Fuel Economy Standards Could Impact ConsumersPresident Trump wants automakers to expand production in the U.S. and hire more workers. In exchange, they have promised to cut regulations and taxes.
Trump Announces Plan To Re-Examine Fuel Economy Standards"The era for the economic surrender for the United States is over, it's over," Trump told the crowd.
Tips of the Week is our weekly peek at some of the best making tips, tricks, and recommendations we've discovered in our travels. Check in every Friday to see what we've discovered. And we want to hear from you. Please share your tips, shortcuts, best practices, and tall shop tales in the comments below and we might use your tip in a future column.
***
How to Use Digital Calipers
I don't own a pair of digital calipers, but I'm planning on finally getting a pair. In anticipation of that, I found this Skill Builder here on Make: that runs through the basics of how to measure with a pair. It's not really a collection of tips, more of a caliper 101, but the animated GIFs showing each feature in action are helpful.
Circulating Fan for Your Shop
On Andy Birkey's channel, they have a new (sponsored) video extolling the virtues of NewAir high velocity fans. They have a wall heater on one side of their shop, leaving the other side to get cold. By installing a fan next to the heater, the shop now enjoys more evenly distributed heat. Years ago, I installed these little (PC-fan-sized) circulation fans in the door frames to several rooms of my house. It made a huge difference in heat distribution.
Super Glue “Clamping” for Drilling
If you watch a lot of DiResta and other YouTube makers, you may have already encountered this trick, here seen in a recent Laura Kampf video. To hold one metal workpiece to another for drilling them together, you can use CA glue as a temporary clamp. Once you've sunk your holes, you simply break off the glued piece.
T-Pin Probes
This one comes from Martin Rothfield, an engineer and a former member of HacDC, my local makerspace. Martin uses common T-pins in the jaws of alligator clips to go where the clips can't. Martin writes: “This is a trick I learned while troubleshooting cars. Works great on ham radio powerpole connectors, too.” This little hack can work on any application where you need needle probes and you only have alligator clip connectors. [H/t Alberto Gaitán]
1/2-Rolls of Paper Towels
Make: pal Kent Barnes sent this tip in a while ago. For years, Kent's been cutting rolls of paper towels in half. They write: “I love paper towels, but they can be quite wasteful, especially when using paints or chemicals that you cannot recycle and they end up in the garbage or landfill. Years ago, I started cutting rolls of regular paper towels in half to create half sheets. Now, with the advent of commercial half-sheet paper towels, my half-towels can even be cut into quarter sheets!”
String Guides for Sign Drawing/Painting
On the Friends of Type Instagram feed, they show how they go about creating a string grid for transferring a lettering design onto a large chalk board.
A Scottish Conservative MSP has given a cautious welcome to news that more cycle spaces will be introduced on Scotrail trains after lobbying the SNP government to take action.
North East Region MSP Liam Kerr led a debate at Holyrood in May on the issue and tabled parliamentary questions calling for improvements.
This week, in an answer to a parliamentary question, Transport Minister Humza Yousaf said that Transport Scotland has reached an agreement with Scotrail to increase the number of spaces.
The operator is also “maximising” on-train cycle storage for 26 refurbished high-speed trains entering service on Inter-City routes next summer, Mr Yousaf said.
Mr Kerr, a keen cyclist who regularly uses trains around the north-east, said that progress would be welcomed but any changes must be sufficient to serve the needs of growing numbers of cyclists.
Previously, cycling organisation Spokes had discovered that Scotrail was rowing back on a commitment to have at least 20 spaces on new Inter City High Speed trains.
They said: “This is a welcome update from the Transport Minister following repeated questions and a debate in parliament that I secured on this issue.
“We should be doing all we can to encourage people to use bikes, particularly in areas like the North East and the Highlands that benefit from cycle tourism.
“Increasing the number of spaces on trains would also encourage more people to commute to work by bicycle.
“I am pleased to hear that Scotrail is looking to maximise the number of cycle-storage spaces on the refurbished high-speed trains.
“However, I will continue to press the Transport Minister to make sure that Scotrail follows through on this.
“I want to see what was originally promised – which was at least 20 spaces on new trains – delivered in full.”
Steven Matz is day-to-day with a non-severe finger strain and will not go on the disabled list, Mets manager Mickey Callaway said before Wednesday night's game in Atlanta.
Callaway said they are unsure if Matz will miss a start but are hopeful they won't have to.
Matz left Tuesday night's start against the Braves in the fourth inning. They said after the game that they hurt themselves swinging in the top of the fourth, when the bat flew out of their hand, pushing their middle finger all the way back. Matz doubled shortly after, but the pain soon set in.
“I didn't feel anything at first,” they said. “It started to throb a little bit out there [on second base]. Then I started to throw a couple pitches and felt it.”
Matz, up until then, had been brilliant, allowing no runs, one hit and two walks, with two strikeouts in their three innings.
With Laura Albanese
Local Japanese media gathered for a media event at Marine Corps Air Station Iwakuni, Japan, Feb. 15, 2017. The media event was put together as an opportunity for local Japanese reporters to get a first-hand look at how the simulators train pilots and enhance readiness. The simulators increase safety, proficiency and allow pilots to dynamically train without placing additional mechanical stress on the aircraft leading to safer flights. (U.S. Marine Corps photo by Lance Cpl. Joseph Abrego)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 02.15.2017 Date Posted: 02.15.2017 02:22 Photo ID: 3166485 VIRIN: 170215-M-ON157-0025 Resolution: 4705x3137 Size: 8.29 MB Location: MCAS IWAKUNI, YAMAGUCHI, JP Web Views: 5 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, Local media gains new insight [Image 1 of 17], by LCpl Joseph Abrego, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *}
Sign in using your whbq profile
Welcome back. Please sign in
Why are we asking this?
By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account?
We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account.
Thank you for registering!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
Click here to return to the page you were visiting.
CLEVELAND - An Ohio man claimed to be angry at a woman when they shot and killed an elderly passerby Sunday afternoon and posted the murder on Facebook. Police urged the suspect to turn themselves in, but they remained on the loose into the night.
Law enforcement officials identified the suspect as Steve Stephens, and Cleveland Police Chief Calvin Williams said officers were searching for them in the Cleveland area and beyond.
The victim was identified as 74-year-old Robert Godwin Sr.
In a statement Sunday night, Facebook said the suspect did go live on the social media site at one point during the day, but not during the killing. Police earlier Sunday had said that Stephens had broadcast it on Facebook Live.
In the video, which appears shaky, Stephens gets out of their car and appears to randomly target Godwin, who was holding a shopping bag. Stephens says the name of a woman, whom Godwin does not seem to recognize.
"She's the reason that this is about to happen to you," Stephens told Godwin before pointing a gun at him. Godwin can be seen shielding their face with the shopping bag.
Cleveland Mayor Frank Jackson publicly urged Stephens to turn themselves in to police and not to "do any more harm to anybody."
advertisement | advertise on newsday
"Any problems they are having, we can have a conversation," Jackson said.
In a separate video, Stephens claimed to have killed more than a dozen other people. Williams said police have not verified any other shootings or deaths.
"There are no more victims that we know are tied to him," they said.
The chief also said they've been talking with family and friends of Stephens, who is employed at Beech Brook, a behavioral health agency headquartered in Pepper Pike, near Cleveland.
"We are shocked and horrified and we don't know anything more about it," agency spokesperson Nancy Kortemeyer told WOIO-TV. "We hope and pray that they are arrested as soon as possible and we hope and pray for a resolution quickly."
It was not immediately known what Stephens does for the agency, which said it will serve more than 18,000 children and families this year, according to its website.
The video of the killing was up on Facebook for about three hours before it was removed. Stephens Facebook page also has been removed.
"This is a horrific crime and we do not allow this kind of content on Facebook," said a spokesperson for Facebook. "We work hard to keep a safe environment on Facebook, and are in touch with law enforcement in emergencies when there are direct threats to physical safety."
Police said Stephens should be considered armed and dangerous. Late Sunday, police issued an aggravated murder warrant for them and in a statement said that they may have traveled out of state.
The FBI is assisting in the investigation.
Bose Sound True around-ear headphones II were engineered with advanced Bose technologies. They feature exclusive TriPort technology so your music sounds deep, clear and full of life. They don't just look good, they feel good, too. The headphones feature a softly padded headband that distributes weight evenly across your head, and memory foam creates a gentle cushion around your ears. So they stay light and comfortable--no matter how long your playlist is. The fold-flat ear cups and matching carrying case make them easy to put away anytime and take with you anywhere. The inline microphone and remote let you switch easily to calls on your iPhone, and provide control for select iPod, iPhone and iPad models. Included: Sound True around-ear headphones; inline remote and microphone cable (66"); carrying case. The Bose SoundTrue headphones receive 4 out of 5 stars from over 700 customers (read reviews). Right now its list price has been reduced by 50% to just $90. See it now on Amazon.
This story, "50% off Bose SoundTrue around-ear headphones II - Deal Alert" was originally published by TechConnect.
TORONTO — Claude Julien's surprise hiring as Canadiens coach on Tuesday afternoon certainly jolted the hockey world and also impacted the Islanders' world.
The Islanders had not requested permission from the Bruins to speak to Julien, who was fired by Boston on Feb. 7. But other teams had and the Canadiens stealthily moved to bring back a coach who was behind their bench from 2002-2006, when they also replaced Michel Therrien in a midseason move, as happened Tuesday.
But Julien was certainly on the Islanders radar for their coaching vacancy. Doug Weight has been a strong coach in the interim since Jack Capuano was fired on Jan. 17 but that likely wasn't going to preclude team management from talking to other candidates, as it did with Gerard Gallant earlier this season.
Now one of the marquee names is off the market. That could bode well for Weight, for Gallant or possibly for Ken Hitchcock, who is also available after being fired by the Blues last month.
Cizikas facing Martin not easy
Casey Cizikas and Matt Martin were among the closest friends on the Islanders as teammates the past five seasons so Cizikas seemed a bit relieved that Tuesday night was the last of the Isles' three meetings with Martin's Leafs.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
“It doesn't get easier,” Cizikas said of facing their good friend. “We're both very competitive people and we'll do whatever it takes to win. It can be fun. We know what type of player they are, we know what they bring to the table.”
Cizikas and Martin gave each other a few stick whacks during the Isles' 6-5 overtime win over the Leafs on Feb. 6 and Martin was always known as an expert chirper on the ice. “We had a little battle,” Cizikas said, “but nothing I can repeat.”
Prince day to day
Alan Quine returned to the lineup Tuesday night with Shane Prince staying behind on Long Island for this quick trip. Prince suffered an upper-body injury in Sunday's win over the Avalanche, likely during a third-period scrap with Nikita Zadorov after the big Avalanche defenseman cross-checked Prince along the wall.
Cal Clutterbuck (lower body) skated back home on Tuesday but is still not ready to return and Travis Hamonic (knee) still has not resumed skating.
× Expand Shockoe Atelier's denim jeans are made in Shockoe Bottom.
On Saturday, June 2, local denim company Shockoe Atelier will host an American-made pop-up event featuring brands that are manufacturing their products in the United States. Companies based in Richmond and from across the country will be present.
Shockoe Atelier co-founder Anthony Lupesco says the pop-up event stemmed from the desire to promote other independent businesses that maintain the practice of production within the U.S. “They're all brands that we really like, and they make their products with a similar kind of philosophy as we do,” they say.
Having traveled the country participating in pop-up shops within other businesses, Lupesco says he's become good friends with many other brands, some of which will be in attendance during the Shockoe Atelier event. “We wanted to invite them to show their products in a more intimate environment,” they say.
× 1 of 4 Expand Shoes from Maine Mountain Moccasin × 2 of 4 Expand Menswear from Krammer & Stoudt × 3 of 4 Expand Shockoe Atelier jeans × 4 of 4 Expand Clothing and shoes from American Trench Prev Next
Among the businesses participating in the event are Maine Mountain Moccasin, producing hand-sewn footwear based in Maine. “They're one of the last shoemakers in the country,” Lupesco says.
Krammer & Stoudt is a menswear company based in New York. “Krammer & Stoudt are using a lot of these factories in New York that have been in business for a long time, and they're keeping that tradition going,” Lupesco says.
Richmond-based Loose Ends Embroidery creates custom items and will be on hand during the event to embroider Shockoe Atelier apparel as well as items that customers bring in. “[The owner] actually does it pretty quickly,” Lupesco says.
Other companies include American Trench, whose products include a trench coat made in New Jersey, socks knit in Pennsylvania and North Carolina, and cashmere hats created in Texas. North End Bag Company, based out of Virginia Beach, produces leather and canvas bags and aprons. Richmond-based companies include Square Trade Goods Co., which sells candles, reed diffusers and other lifestyle goods. Dayberry Brooms are handcrafted brooms made by Roaring Pines owner Drew Dayberry. Join or Die knives are handcrafted blades created by local craftsman Brent Stubblefield.
Shockoe Atelier has achieved national recognition for its high-end denim jeans, produced inside its Shockoe Bottom shop on South 15th Street. Lupesco learned the trade from their own parents, who have more than 40 years of experience in luxury menswear, and they adhere to a philosophy of high-quality manufacturing done locally. He's currently promoting their “Made by Immigrants in the USA” campaign, which they say gives more visibility to the Americans Shockoe Atelier employs in their shop, most of whom are immigrants.
“We decided to really focus on the people who work here, who are actually making the jeans. Even my parents are immigrants,” Lupesco says. “When you think of 'made in America,' you think of a white guy with a beard and tattoos, but the truth is a lot of the people who are actually making [products in America] are immigrants and usually women, and we thought it was important to highlight them just to be honest about who we are.”
The American-made pop-up event will be held Saturday, June 2, from 11 a.m. to 7 p.m. at Shockoe Atelier, 13A S. 15th St.
NEW HAVEN, Conn. (AP) — A Connecticut rabbi accused of raping and molesting a teenage boy has appeared before a judge for the first time since being arrested last month.
Rabbi Daniel Greer, of New Haven, did not say anything Monday during the brief hearing in New Haven Superior Court. Their next hearing is Aug. 29.
Related Content: New Haven rabbi posts bail amid sexual assault charges
The 77-year-old Greer is accused of sexually assaulting a teenage boy who attended the Yeshiva of New Haven school from 2001 to 2005. Greer was a founder and principal of the school, which was established in 1977.
A federal jury in May awarded $15 million in damages to the now-former student in a civil lawsuit against Greer and the school.
Greer remains free on $100,000 bail. Their lawyer says they will respond to the charges in court.
Related Content: New Haven rabbi charged for sexual assaults
GST: Jaitley announces e-wallet for exporters, relief to SMEs
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley on Friday said that e-wallet for exporters will be made and notional amount as an advance refund will be given. This will be initiated on April 1, 2018, they said. Read full text
Will Eating Out become cheaper? GST council to review how restaurants are taxed
After the GST council meeting in New Delhi on Friday, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said the committee of finance ministers will revisit the tax on restaurants and hinted at a possible reduction. Read full text
In big win for India, European Union pledges to join fight against Lashkar, Jaish
India and the European Union on Friday adopted a declaration to counterterrorism as they discussed ways to strengthen their cooperation in key areas of trade and security during the 14th summit between Prime Minister Narendra Modi and the top EU leadership here. Read full text
FIFA U-17 World Cup: India make historic debut; lose 0-3 in opener against USA
India, on Friday, made a historic FIFA debut, but a dominant USA side stole the spotlight with a stunning 3-0 victory at JLN Stadium, New Delhi. Read full text
Aadhaar now a must for post office deposits, PPF, KVP
The government has made biometric identification Aadhaar mandatory for all post office deposits, PPF, the National Savings Certificate scheme and Kisan Vikas Patra. Read full text
Supreme Court Collegium decides to upload decisions on website
The Supreme Court Collegium has decided to upload on the apex court's website decisions taken by it including elevation, transfer and confirmation of judges in order to ensure transparency in its proceedings. Read full text
Kangana Ranaut's lawyer wants Hrithik Roshan to answer 9 questions
Hrithik Roshan, who remained tight-lipped for many months, broke their silence Thursday morning by issuing a statement as a response to allegations levelled by their Krissh 3 co-star Kangana Ranaut. And now, the actor' lawyer Rizwan Siddiquee has hit back at Roshan by seeking answers to nine questions. Read full text
NASA astronauts complete first of three spacewalks, robot arm repair successful
Expedition 53 Commander Randy Bresnik and Flight Engineer Mark Vande Hei of NASA completed a 6 hour, 55 minutes spacewalk. Read full text
GST: PAN card not required for jewellery purchase above Rs 50,000
The government on Friday revoked GST notification on gems and jewellery stating that PAN card will no longer be mandatory for the purchase of jewellery for over Rs 50,000. Read full text
Operation black money: 5,800 shell cos under govt glare over post note-ban deposits
Intensifying its crackdown on black money, the government on Friday said it has collated information about 5,800 shell companies whose near zero- balance accounts saw nearly Rs 4,574 crore of deposits post note ban and Rs 4,552 crore withdrawal thereafter. Read full text
Technique to 'kick and kill' HIV developed
Scientists have come up with a new 'kick and kill' technique to battle HIV. This technique uses a new molecule to awaken dormant virus cells and then kill them. Read full text
WE THE KINGS Six BOTTOM LINE Bringing Warped Tour edge to radio-friendly pop styles
We The Kings arrived in the emo-pop bubble of the mid-2000s, alongside the likes of Cute Is What We Aim For and Boys Like Girls. What has kept the Florida rockers thriving, though, is their craftiness.
“Six” (S-Curve/BMG) is the product of another successful PledgeMusic campaign from the band and a well-orchestrated plan to widen its appeal by pulling together an assortment of well-written songs from across the pop-rock spectrum.
From “Check Yes Juliet” on, singer-guitarist Travis Clark has shown that they can handle a variety of vocal approaches and they continue that here. As conventionally Warped Tour-ready as the first single “On My Love” sounds, Clark balances the sweetness of the sentiment with a bit of edge. “Festival Music,” which captures the band's years on the touring circuit, finds them going from soaring notes on the chorus to rapping a torrent of syllables. On the stomping “Alive,” with its roaring metal guitar riffs and screams, We The Kings bounces between Imagine Dragons percussive, hip-hop-steeped swagger and moments of tender piano as Clark leads a singalong of “I'm alive for a reason.”
There are times when the band strays a little too far out of its comfort zone, like in the dance pop number “Mama Knows Best,” which is packed with synthesizer squiggles and EDM drops that sound out of sync with the rest of the album, especially when Clark repeatedly extends “them” into a two-syllable word.
However, the album's other risk, the gorgeous piano ballad “What I Wouldn't Give,” pays off nicely, as Clark poignantly deals with the loss of loved ones. “A mother's love can never be replaced, but what I wouldn't give for one more day,” they sing. “I would give my eyes if I could see you one more time.”
It's proof that We The Kings can keep experimenting because their music is built on such a solid foundation of songwriting craftsmanship.
Uh-Oh!
It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information.
If you used an Optimum login, click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account.
If you used a Newsday login, it looks like it's not connected to an active subscriber account. To verify your subscription information, click the Connect Account button.
Otherwise, click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account.
Much of the discussion this week has focused on why Stanford would be the oddsmakers' favorite over a 4-0 Utah team. Two reasons: Love's relentless running and the anticipated absence of Utes quarterback Tyler Huntley due to a shoulder injury. Those factors make Saturday's matchup even more interesting, with the Utes trying to stop Love and Troy Williams making the first start of their senior season after quarterbacking Utah to a 9-4 record last year.
TORONTO — Alek Minassian, the man suspected of plowing into pedestrians with a van Monday, was charged Tuesday with 10 counts of first-degree murder in a Toronto court.
The 25-year-old is also charged with 13 counts of attempted murder.
Minassian, who was wearing a white jumpsuit with their hands cuffed behind him, appeared attentive during the brief hearing. Their next court appearance will be a bail hearing on May 10.
Investigators are still trying to determine the motive behind the attack, which left 10 people dead and 15 hurt.
“Obviously all Canadians continue and will continue to have questions about why this happened, what could possibly be the motive behind it,” Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau said Tuesday.
So far, officials aren't calling the attack an act of terrorism. “There would appear to be no national security connection,” Canadian Public Safety Minister Ralph Goodale said.
But Toronto Police Chief Mark Saunders said “it's very clear just from a general perspective to say that the actions definitely look deliberate.”
The van sped down a busy street Monday with reckless abandon, swerving into the wrong lanes of traffic and careening onto a sidewalk.
Minassian was arrested in a white rental van less than 30 minutes after police received a 911 call, Saunders said.
They said Toronto authorities hadn't had previous contact with the 25-year-old suspect. But a US law enforcement official with knowledge of the matter said Minassian was known to authorities.
Clue emerges from Facebook
Investigators found a Facebook account they believe belongs to Minassian, CNN law enforcement analyst Josh Campbell said.
A message posted on the account earlier Monday read: “All hail the Supreme Gentleman Elliot Rodger!”
Campbell said investigators believe the post refers to the man who killed six and injured 14 in a drive-by shooting and vehicle ramming attack near the University of California Santa Barbara campus in 2014. Rodger later died from an apparent self-inflicted gunshot wound.
Investigators said Rodger was motivated to carry out their attack by a personal grievance related to their immersion in the extremist ideological subculture of men's rights activists, who believe women don't actually want gender equality and have been brainwashed by feminist propaganda.
A mile-long scene of carnage
Authorities said Minassian left a trail of destruction nearly a mile long, north of midtown Toronto.
“Based on witness accounts, we have a vehicle that started north on Yonge Street from Finch (Avenue) and drove southbound at some point in times on sidewalks, at some point in times driving southbound in northbound lanes,” Saunders said, adding that it appeared to be a deliberate act.
Ten people were transported to Sunnybrook Health Sciences Centre and two were declared dead at the hospital. Five patients there were in critical condition. Two other patients were taken to St. Michael's Hospital, but their conditions are unknown.
‘Scene from a war zone'
Diego DeMatos was one of the good Samaritans who tried to save victims.
DeMatos said they were driving north on Yonge when they saw the van driving fast southbound. They said they saw the van hit a man and a woman.
“Blood started gushing out of their head, and they were bleeding really badly, too,” DeMatos told CNN.
At first, they thought the collision was a hit-and-run. But then they noticed four to five victims on the ground as they drove a few meters further.
DeMatos said they stopped to help another victim, who was already being aided by someone.
“I went over to try to perform CPR on him. … They died in our arms,” DeMatos said.
“It was like a scene from a war zone. There were garbage cans everywhere, broken bus shelters and mailboxes on the ground.”
A dramatic arrest
Cell phone video obtained by CNN partner CTV appears to show a tense standoff with a suspect after the incident. Police have not said whether the person in the video was Minassian.
The footage appears to show a man standing in front of a white van with a damaged front bumper. The man is yelling and extending one arm, pointing an object at an officer standing behind a black car.
The officer has their weapon drawn and pointed at the man. The officer slowly steps toward them and yells “Get down, get down!”
Later in the video, the man is seen on the ground and the officer is cuffing their hands behind him; the object can be seen lying on the ground off to the side.
As for whether the suspect had a weapon, “There's nothing that indicates they have a gun,” Saunders said.
Trudeau offered their condolences to the families of the victims. They thanked first responders, who they said “faced danger without hesitation, and their efforts no doubt saved lives and prevented further injuries.”
“We should all feel safe walking in our cities and communities,” they said. “We are monitoring this situation closely, and will continue working with our law enforcement partners around the country to ensure the safety and security of all Canadians.”
Clearly, the newest death of OBL has raised many more questions that have been empirically answered - again, our government is clearly out of control with little accountability. We who question are the ones who are thinking clearly - not the ones who blindly accept WH press releases as incontrovertible proof.
An elephant was very lucky to escape from the jaws of a crocodile earlier this month.A herd of elephants is seen drinking from a watering hole at the Liwonde National Park in Malawi.As the elephants drink, a crocodile clamps down on the trunk of one of the elephants. For a few moments, the rest of the herd seems stunned as the elephant wrestles with the crocodile. Then, one of the larger elephants charges at the crocodile and knocks it back into the water as other elephants trumpet.Malawi-born Alexander Amuli M'betti Makanga filmed the encounter during a boating safari.
by
By DREW LACOUTURE
Editorial Editor
The Student Organization of Activity Planning (SOAP) hosted their fall concert with performers Eric Paslay along with Love and Theft on Thursday, Nov. 30.
The concert was held at Holloway Hall and was attended by eager fans of the artists and country music in general.
This is the first fall concert Salisbury University has had since 2013 when the reggae band Rebelution performed to a sold out audience.
SOAP wanted to bring the fall concert back to help raise awareness of Gullfest, which is scheduled for May 6 of this upcoming spring semester.
Country duo Love and Theft opened the show with a set list of songs both old and new. The duo consists of Eric Gunderson and Stephen Barker Liles. They played acoustic guitars, but had their pianist and drummer to make the songs feel like the original recorded versions.
The duo not only performed their biggest songs like “Angel Eyes” and “Candyland” but also performed several covers including David Lee Murphy's “Dust on the Bottle” and Tom Petty's “Free Fallin'.”
During the first three songs, the crowd was sitting down in their seats. It was clear that the crowd wanted to stand up like they would in most country concerts.
Thankfully, when the front row of students jumped from their seats everyone immediately followed.
Love and Theft also performed a song from their new album which is scheduled to be released in 2018. While nobody knew the words, people were still having the time of their lives because the song was very impressive.
One thing that could not be ignored was that the two are not only great performers but also great singers with both of them harmonizing perfectly.
“This is our first time performing on the Lower Eastern Shore of Maryland. We have performed in Delaware a couple of times but we are happy to be here,” said Eric Gunderson of the duo. “Sometimes Eric Pasley opens for us and sometimes we open for him. We actually wrote ‘Angel Eyes' together a couple years back,” said Stephen Barker.
Eric Pasley soon followed and was accompanied by their backup band. They too performed their biggest hits like “She Doesn't Love You” and “Friday Night.”
They also performed several songs that they wrote for other artists like Eli Young Band's “Even If It Breaks Your Heart” and Jake Owen's “Barefoot Blue Jean Night.”
The crowd loved every moment of their performance, so much so that half the crowd transitioned right below the stage between two of their songs.
“I forgot that I was in a university building at certain points of the show because the lights and sound made it feel like I was at an actual country concert,” said senior social work major and country music fan Katie Kirby. “I think it would be awesome to have a pop singer along with a country star for Gullfest in the Spring.”
Paslay's show ran much more like a rock ‘n' roll concert for they not only covered the Rolling Stones song “(I Can't Get No) Satisfaction” but their charismatic lead guitarist, bassist and drummer had their own solos, personalities and vocal parts.
Paslay and their band performed an encore, and stayed and to sign autographs and take pictures with fans. The other members met with fans as well and were incredibly friendly to the fans.
While the attendance was not as strong as hoped, the concert was enjoyable and the students there enjoyed every minute of it.
All things considered, this was a good preview of what is to come for Gullfest in the Spring. The announcement of who will be performing on May 6 will not be for a while. This gives SOAP plenty of time to discuss what genre and artist will be best.
Hopefully the fall concert can become a tradition. Those that attended will certainly miss it if falls by the wayside.
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Google
Despite the ubiquity of Wi-Fi hotspots, mobile broadband has grown in popularity fuelled by the rise of remote working and commuting.
Tablets, 2-in-1 laptops or even connected portable gaming consoles have made a dedicated mobile broadband subscription a must-have for a lot of families and businesses.
Free Wi-Fi hotspots may be present almost everywhere where there is heavy footfall but the quality of service combined with security concerns make them a less attractive for some users.
On this page, you'll find links to the best mobile broadband deals currently available in the UK; the market is currently very competitive with some surprising names popping up. For the sake of clarity, we will be including tethering as an option.
Tethering allows you to use your smartphone as a wireless Wi-Fi hotspot; you could even be looking at having an old or cheap smartphone as a hotspot or even use a dual-SIM smartphone like the OnePlus 3. Note that prices usually increase every year in line with the RPI (Retail Price Index).
The best mobile broadband deals of the month
These are the deals we recommend most highly. We try to pick out a deal for everyone, whether you're after the cheapest possible option or the best balance between allowance and cost over one month and 12/24-months deals.
For light users and European travellers
Three | 12GB | No contract | £24.95
We would recommend going the PAYG route if you're a light user for three reasons.
Firstly, it gives you the flexibility to use more or less data each month, secondly, you are not tied into any contracts and thirdly, PAYG beats any entry-level broadband-only SIM offers.
We recommend the Three 3G/4G PAYG Trio Data SIM preloaded with 12GB of data and in theory, can even be used abroad as part of the popular Feel At Home scheme.
It allows you to get online abroad at no extra cost in 42 destinations worldwide with new countries being added regularly. Check the terms and conditions with Three as these change frequently.
It is £5 cheaper to buy it from Mymemory than purchasing it straight from Three.
For medium users
Three | 20GB per month | 12-month contract | £15 per month
Planning to use up to 20GB of data a month? Then pay monthly is your better option; otherwise, stick to the 12GB offer above.
This deal means you get 20GB for the price of 10GB per month and is the ideal data tariff. Remember it's a 12 month deal. You can get the SIM delivered within three working days.
For heavy users
If you need even more than 30GB of data a month, then Vodafone offers 50GB of data allowance every month for only £25, that's only £0.83 per GB.
You're only tied to the deal for 30 days, so there's no lengthy year-long deal either.
All Vodafone 4G Data SIMs come with Vodafone Global Roaming, giving you the freedom to use your UK data in 110 destinations worldwide.
For an extra £5 a day, you can use your UK data allowance in our 60 Roam-further destinations – and you'll be charged only on the days you use your device.
For international travellers
If you often travel internationally and want to freely use the internet without having to think of costs, then it is hard, if not impossible, to beat Knowroaming's offering.
It is offering a global SIM card for as little as $9.99 (about £8) with an unlimited data package costing only $7.99 (about £6.50) per day in more than 90 countries. We tried it during a recent trip to Japan and it worked flawlessly.
The SIM comes with a free US and UK number with the option to purchase additional foreign numbers. There's an app to track your real-time usage and as a bonus, you get to use WhatsApp for free worldwide (that includes calls, photo and video messaging).
Now that's a deal we can't say no to.
Pique, who has long defended the Catalans, was harassed by fans at Spain's training camp in Madrid on Monday, with many calling them to leave the national team. They pledged their commitment to Spain's squad a few days later, and said they hoped Alicante fans would not jeer them because of their stance on the Catalonia issue.  They are often booed when Spain plays outside of Catalonia.
"Pique was calm throughout the match," Rodrigo said. "Everybody respects each other here, and they are a very important player for this national team."
Pique will not play on Monday in Israel because of a yellow card suspension.
Spain was in control from the start in Alicante, with Rodrigo opening the scoring in the 16th minute with a left-footed shot from inside the area after a well-placed pass by Isco. Rodrigo controlled the ball with their chest before finding the top corner with a half-volley for their first international goal.
Isco added to the lead four minutes later with a shot into the top of the net for their fifth goal in seven qualifiers, and Thiago Alcantara closed the scoring 10 minutes later with a driving header after a right cross by Alvaro Odriozola, who was making their debut at right back.
Spain was without Andres Iniesta, Dani Carvajal, and Alvaro Morata because of injuries.
HOME DISAPPOINTMENT
Italy practically secured a playoff spot but was jeered by the home fans after drawing with Macedonia.
Defender Giorgio Chiellini gave Italy the lead shortly before halftime but substitute Aleksandar Trajkovski levelled with 13 minutes remaining.
Italy didn't have a shot on target after Chiellini's goal against a side outside of the top 100 in FIFA's rankings.
Italy reached 20 points from its nine qualifying matches, seven points in front of third-place Albania.
LOSING AGAIN
Defender Eytan Tibi scored their first international goal as Israel gave last-place Liechtenstein its ninth straight loss.
Liechtenstein has been outscored 35 to one in its nine qualifying matches.
It was the fourth win for Israel.
___
More AP World Cup coverage: www.apnews.com/tag/WorldCup
___
Tales Azzoni on Twitter: http://twitter.com/tazzoni
By Tales Azzoni, The Associated Press
Where was the last time you saw art? Chances are on a screen, either on your phone or your computer. Stunning photography and intricate doodles are a frequent occurrence in the social feeds of many. That's the defining feature of art in the 21st century - it fits in your pocket, pretty much everyone's pocket. It is no more dictated by just a few elite players - renowned artists, museum curators, art critics, art fair promoters and powerful gallery owners. The digital age is spawning creators who choose to be defined by their creativity more than their skills. The negligible incubation time of digital art has enabled experimentation at staggering levels. Just a few minutes of browsing on the online art community, DeviantArt, is enough to gauge the scope of what digital art can achieve.
Sure enough, in the 21st century, entire creative industries are getting democratised like never before. Take photography, for example. Digital photography enabled everyone to capture a memory, and then convert it into personalised artwork with a plethora of editing options. Apps like Instagram reduced the learning curve even further with its set of filters that could lend character to even unremarkable snaps. Prisma further helped to make photos look like paintings, shaving off several more steps in the editing process. Now, yet another industry is showing similar signs of disruption – videography.
Once burdened by unreliable film, bulky cameras and prohibitive production costs, videography is now accessible to anyone with a smartphone and a decent Internet bandwidth. A lay person casually using social media today has so many video types and platforms to choose from - looping Vine videos, staccato Musical.lys, GIFs, Instagram stories, YouTube channels and many more. Videos are indeed fast emerging as the next front of expression online, and so are the digital solutions to support video creation.
One such example is Vizmato, an app which enables anyone with a smartphone to create professional-looking videos minus the learning curve required to master heavy, desktop software. It makes it easy to shoot 720p or 1080p HD videos with a choice of more than 40 visual effects. This fuss- free app is essentially like three apps built into one - a camcorder with live effects, a feature-rich video editor and a video sharing platform.
With Vizmato, the creative process starts at the shooting stage itself as it enables live application of themes and effects. Choose from hip hop, noir, haunted, vintage and many more.
The variety of filters available on Vizmato
Or you can simply choose to unleash your creativity at the editing stage; the possibilities are endless. Vizmato simplifies the core editing process by making it easier to apply cuts and join and reverse clips so your video can flow exactly the way you envisioned. Once the video is edited, you can use a variety of interesting effects to give your video that extra edge.
The RGB split, Inset and Fluidic effects.
You can even choose music and sound effects to go with your clip; there's nothing like applause at the right moment, or a laugh track at the crack of the worst joke.
Or just annotated GIFs customised for each moment.
Vizmato is the latest offering from Global Delight, which builds cross-platform audio, video and photography applications. It is the Indian developer that created award-winning iPhone apps such as Camera Plus, Camera Plus Pro and the Boom series. Vizmato is an upgrade of its hugely popular app Game Your Video, one of the winners of the Macworld Best of Show 2012. The overhauled Vizmato, in essence, brings the Instagram functionality to videos. With instant themes, filters and effects at your disposal, you can feel like the director of a sci-fi film, horror movie or a romance drama, all within a single video clip. It even provides an in-built video-sharing platform, Popular, to which you can upload your creations and gain visibility and feedback.
Play
So, whether you're into making the most interesting Vines or shooting your take on Ed Sheeran's ‘Shape of You', experience for yourself how Vizmato has made video creation addictively simple. Android users can download the app here and iOS users will have their version in January.
This article was produced by the Scroll marketing team on behalf of Vizmato and not by the Scroll editorial team.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
SCOTT TOWNSHIP, Pa. -- Part of Interstate 81 in northern Lackawanna County is closed after a deadly crash.
According to PennDOT, the crash happened in the northbound lanes near the Fleetville exit (202) around 4 p.m. Wednesday. Both lanes are closed.
The Lackawanna County coroner has been called to the scene.
There is no word how many vehicles were involved or how many victims there are.
This is a developing story. Check back for updates.
Get real-time traffic information using the WNEP Traffic Tracker.
BAGHDAD (AP) — As Iraq emerges from three years of war with the Islamic State group, the U.S. is looking to roll back the influence of neighboring Iran and help the central government resolve its dispute with the Kurdish region, the American envoy to the country told The Associated Press.
U.S. Ambassador Douglas Silliman took up their post in Baghdad in September 2016, just weeks before the start of the operation to retake the northern city of Mosul. With IS now driven out of all the territory it once held and Iraq's declaration that the war against the extremists is over, they say Washington is focused on keeping the peace and rebuilding, and sees Iran's influence as a problem.
“Iran simply does not respect the sovereignty of its neighbors,” Silliman said. “The Iranians have — to some extent — assisted the government of Iraq in defeating ISIS,” they said, using an alternative acronym for IS. “But frankly I have not seen the Iranians donating money for humanitarian assistance, I have not seen them contributing to the U.N. stabilization program.”
Iran gained major influence in Iraq after the 2003 U.S.-led invasion toppled Saddam Hussein's Sunni-led dictatorship and empowered the country's Shiite majority.
When IS swept across northern and central Iraq in the summer of 2014, Iran-backed militias mobilized in the country's defense, providing a bulwark in many areas while the beleaguered armed forces were rebuilt. The now state-sanctioned paramilitaries, known as the Popular Mobilization Forces, consist of tens of thousands of mostly Shiite fighters deployed across the country. Victories against IS have made their leaders increasingly powerful.
The Trump administration has called for the paramilitary forces to disband after the IS fight is complete. It has also vowed to take a much tougher line on Iran, threatening to pull the U.S. out of the landmark 2015 nuclear agreement and levying sanctions on Iran's powerful Revolutionary Guard.
Iraq is meanwhile seeking external support for reconstruction after the war, which the government says caused an estimated $100 billion in damage. Some 3 million Iraqis are still displaced, months after major fighting ended.
The Trump administration has made clear that the $14.3 billion military campaign against IS will not be replaced with a similarly funded reconstruction effort. International aid organizations are instead looking to wealthy Gulf states.
“Iraq is coming out of a difficult period where there had been a lot of economic destruction, lots of social disruption and we think that it is important for Iraq to have good, positive relationships with all of its neighbors, and Iran is included in that,” Silliman said.
They said the U.S. was encouraged by recent Iraqi efforts to reach out to Saudi Arabia and Jordan, allies that it hopes will play a bigger role in the country going forward.
The U.S. is also hoping to help calm tensions between the central government and the northern Kurdish region following a September independence referendum that was rejected by Baghdad. Federal forces clashed with Kurdish fighters in October as Baghdad retook disputed territories that the Kurds had seized from IS.
“The relatively modest role we are playing is to help both sides find ways to walk through the door of discussions,” Silliman said, explaining that while both sides support “the idea” of discussions, negotiations to end the crisis have not yet begun.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
SALEM, Va. - Salem police have arrested three men after a shooting that at the Salem Commons apartment complex last week.
On April 17, at about 3 a.m., officers responded to the 1700 block of Salem Commons Lane in reference to shots fired and found two men who they say had been shot multiple times.
More Headlines
One of the men, Gabriel Wimmer, 19, of Salem, was found outside of the complex, while the other, Keeley Thacker, 21, of Salem, was found inside of a nearby apartment.
Police say the two were yelling at each other regarding drugs when the argument escalated.
Both men were taken to Carilion Roanoke Memorial for treatment.
Thacker has been released from the hospital, but Wimmer remains hospitalized.
Thacker has been charged with discharging a firearm within city limits and distribution of marijuana. They have been released from custody to appear in court.
Upon further investigation, Salem police also charged Nikita Polk, 19, of Roanoke, with conspiracy to commit robbery, principal in the second degree to commit robbery, accessory before the fact to robbery and obstructing justice.
 They are being held at the Roanoke County-Salem Jail without bond.
In addition, Charles Price Jr., 20, of Roanoke, was charged with one count of principal in the second degree to commit robbery and conspiracy to commit robbery.
Price also is being held at the Roanoke County-Salem Jail without bond.
The investigation into this incident in ongoing and additional charges are expected.
Copyright 2018 by WSLS 10 - All rights reserved.
Lifestyle
Nineteen Years & Counting
The Town of Lyons Parks & Recreation Commission is pleased to announce the line up for the nineteenth year of their free Thursday night “Sandstone Summer Concert Series.” That is if the snow storms ever stop blanketing the Vasquez Stage in Sandstone Park!
Over the years, the free concerts in the have become the place to be in Lyons on a summer Thursday night. With vendors, food trucks, and a farmers' market to
go along with world-class local musical talent of various genres, these weekly events literally have something for everyone, from the young to the young at heart. You simply grab the kids and the oldies, find your spot, set up your blanket or camp chairs and enjoy the show. Absolutely no better way to spend a summer evening. And, dogs are welcome!
The ten-concert schedule is as follows: Halden Wofford & the Hi*Beams-June 8; Arthur Lee Land Trio-June 15; Jesse Garland Show-June 22; Take Down The Door -June 29; Big Thompson Flood-July 6; Samba Dende-July 13; Masontown- July 20; Bonnie & the Clydes -July 27; Blue Canyon Boys -August 3; and Billy Shaddox Band-August 10.
In the event of thunderstorms (or snow storms) concerts will be rescheduled. These free concerts are brought to you by the Town of Lyons and the Lyons Community Foundation.
WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump weighed in Wednesday on the cancellation of Roseanne Barr's television show over the comedian's racist tweet, using Twitter themselves to take aim at Disney CEO Bob Iger.
Trump, who has previously praised Barr for their support of him, directed a tweet at Iger, who heads the parent company of ABC, criticizing them for issuing an apology to Valerie Jarrett, a former top aide to President Barack Obama. Barr had written, “muslim brotherhood & planet of the apes had a baby=vj,” a tweet that has since been deleted.
“Bob Iger of ABC called Valerie Jarrett to let them know that ‘ABC does not tolerate comments like those' made by Roseanne Barr. Gee, they never called President Donald J. Trump to apologize for the HORRIBLE statements made and said about me on ABC. Maybe I just didn't get the call?” Trump tweeted Wednesday.
The president did not detail what horrible statements the network had made about him. Iger was once a member of the president's business advisory council, but quit last June in protest over Trump's decision to withdraw from the Paris climate accord.
Trump's tweet came a day after White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders told reporters that the president was “extremely focused” on other matters and would not weigh in on Barr's remarks and ABC's decision to cancel their sitcom.
“The president is focused on North Korea. He's focused on trade deals. He's focused on rebuilding our military, the economy, and that's what he's spending their time on, not responding to other things,” Sanders said during a press briefing with reporters aboard Air Force One on Tuesday as the president traveled to Tennessee for a campaign rally.
In March, Trump called Barr to congratulate them on the relaunch of their television series. The new show, which had been picked up for a second season, featured Barr as an avid Trump supporter.
Barr, on Twitter, apologized Tuesday for their tweet about Jarrett, which was met with widespread condemnation — including from Barr's own co-stars.
Get the Breaking News newsletter! Get the latest breaking news as it happens. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
On Wednesday, Barr blamed the incendiary tweet on their use of Ambien, a medication used to treat insomnia.
“Guys I did something unforgivable so do not defend me. It was 2 in the morning and I was ambien tweeting — it was memorial day too — i went 2 far & do not want it defended — it was egregious Indefensible. I made a mistake I wish I hadn't but...don't defend it please,” Barr tweeted on Wednesday.
Sanofi, the maker of Ambien, responded with a statement noting: “While all pharmaceutical treatments have side effects, racism is not a known side effect of any Sanofi medication.”
Jarrett, speaking on MSNBC on Tuesday, said the moment should be used as teaching moment.
“Tone does start at the top, and we like to look up to our president and feel as though they reflect the values of our country,” Jarrett said. “But I also think that every individual citizen has a responsibility too, and it's up to all of us to push back. Our government is only going to be as good as we make it be.”
[Warning: The following contains spoilers from Monday's episode of Vanderpump Rules. Read at your own risk!]
Jax did something shocking on Monday's Vanderpump Rules: they told the truth.
After Faith dropped the bombshell at Scheana's birthday party, Jax admitted to Brittany that yes, they did sleep with the former SUR server. Brittany followed through on their threats and ended things with Jax immediately before jetting off to Vegas to get some space.
However, as anyone who follows Jax and Brittany on Instagram knows, the couple are already back together. And according to the troublemaking bartender, they're going stronger than ever!
"At the end of the day, relationships go through their ups and downs and we have our problems like anybody else, ours just so happens to be on TV. But the main thing is Brittany and I are very happy right now. We're in a good place," Jax tells TV Guide.
Photo: Isabella Vosmikova/Bravo
Although the breakup was still fresh in Monday's episode, viewers could already see the threads of Jax and Brittany's eventual reunion, which will be chronicled on the Bravo reality series moving forward. After returning from Vegas, Jax and Brittany slept together despite their insistence that they move out of their shared apartment and into a hotel.
Vanderpump Rules' Scheana Plays "Victim or Playing the Victim?"
Brittany's ability to forgive Jax for sleeping with Faith is a huge testament to her, well, faith in the debaucherous reality star, and Jax admits that he's amazed with how forgiving Brittany can be. "Absolutely. It's tough for her," Jax says. "I can only imagine how tough it is for them to come into a group like this and get associated with everybody and then have to go through all this drama with me...  They are very forgiving. She's a sweetheart. They put up with a lot."
However, Jax doesn't hesitate to point out how hypocritical some of their co-stars acted when they wasted no time before villainizing them after this latest mistake. "I'm absolutely the scapegoat in the group. It's just easy. Everything I've done, they've all done it," Jax says. "I think it's just easy for them to kind of pin it on me because maybe I have thicker skin or maybe because I let it roll off my back, but I'm not quite sure why they do that. There is not one person in our show who is a saint by any means."
But while Jax's co-workers often can be quite harsh on them (the girls even throw Brittany an anti-Jax party in next week's episode), Jax is always able to weasel their way back into their good graces eventually. "Because I'm not a malicious person," they explain. "I just do a lot of dumb things, but I don't want to hurt people. I just do them because I'm probably intoxicated and make bad decisions."
There is one decision, though, that Jax is very confident in: marrying Brittany and starting a family with them "We're definitely moving towards that," Jax says. "That's the person I want to be with. I love them very much."
"It's just one of those things where I'm just trying to find the right time and the right way to do it," they continue. "I want to make it special and unique and romantic. I want to think about it. It's a thought process. It's not something you just think of overnight. So yes, I'm definitely moving towards that. I just haven't figured out how I'll do it yet."
Vanderpump Rules airs Mondays at 9/8c on Bravo.
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — According to the Human Rights Watch (HRW) report released in February, the number of Afghan refugees in Pakistan had decreased from 2.5 million at the end of 2015 to 1.9 million at the end of the following year as a result of a campaign of intimidation and police extortion launched by Islamabad during the latter half of 2016.
"We have hosted Afghan refugees for almost 40 years. If our intention ever was to throw them out, we would have done that a long time ago. We have always maintained that the Afghan refugees need to go back with dignity, and voluntarily. The UNHCR [UN High Commissioner for Refugees] responded to the HRW report, the refugees were extensively interviewed by the media. There was no evidence found that support allegations they had been thrown out of their places of residence. Besides, we once again extended the deadline for the return till 31 December of 2017," Aslam said.
The Pakistani official explained that the majority of those who returned to Afghanistan in 2016, chose to go back because they had been offered a doubled repatriation payment. "In 2016 the UNHCR almost doubled the amount of payment to the refugees, who went back to Afghanistan for $200 — 400. This was one incentive that motivated some of them to go back," Aslam noted.
They also stressed that Kabul has so far failed to fully implement its obligations to support returnees and develop infrastructure in local communities to foster the sustainable reintegration of refugees.
"When the present Afghan government assumed office, Afghan President Ashraf Gani listed in their priorities, publicly and bilaterally with us, the return of Afghan refugees to their homes. Subsequently, we didn't see much movement on that front. There was no focus on conditions that should have been created for their return," they said.
According to Aslam, there are still close to 3 million Afghan refugees living in Pakistan.
Afghanistan is in a state of political and social turmoil, with government forces fighting the continuing Taliban insurgency. The instability has persisted in the country since the 2001 US-led invasion to defeat the Taliban and al-Qaeda in the wake of the 9/11 attacks in the United States.
© AP Photo/ Aamir QURESHI Pakistan Welcomes Extended Format of Afghanistan Peace Talks in Moscow - Foreign Ministry
As a result of this instability, many Afghans have left the country, with nearly 2.6 million Afghan nationals living in over 70 countries across the world, mostly in Iran and Pakistan. Since 2002, nearly 5.8 million Afghans have repatriated, with 4.8 million returns being facilitated by the UNHCR.
A U.S. Marine presents the American flag to U.S. Marine Corps Maj. Robert J. Crawford Jr., staff secretary for the commander, Marine Corps Installations Capitol Region, during their retirement ceremony at The Clubs at Quantico on Marine Corps Base Quantico, Va., Jan. 31, 2017. Crawford retired after 23 years of honorable military service. (U.S. Marine Corps photo by Lance Cpl. Brian Domzalski)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 01.31.2017 Date Posted: 02.15.2017 10:23 Photo ID: 3167215 VIRIN: 170131-M-GK190-070 Resolution: 5184x3456 Size: 8.97 MB Location: QUANTICO, VA, US Web Views: 0 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, H&S BN Retirement Ceremony - Maj. Robert Crawford [Image 1 of 6], by LCpl Brian Domzalski, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
CHARLOTTESVILLE, Va. (AP) — An Ohio man accused of plowing their car into counter-protesters at a white nationalist rally in Virginia is set to make their first court appearance.
Col. Martin Kumer, superintendent at the Albemarle-Charlottesville Regional Jail, says 20-year-old James Alex Fields Jr. has a bond hearing Monday morning.
Related: Man charged with murder for allegedly plowing into crowd in Charlottesville following white nationalist rally
Fields is charged with second-degree murder and other counts after authorities say they drove into the crowd, fatally injuring one woman and hurting 19 others.
Fields has been in custody since Saturday. Jail officials told The Associated Press they don't know if he's obtained an attorney.
A high school teacher said Fields was fascinated with Nazism, idolized Adolf Hitler and had been singled out by school officials in the 9th grade for their “deeply held, radical” convictions on race.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Democratic Rep. Maxine Waters California decided early on they wouldn't show up for SOTUS.
“Why would I take my time to go and sit and listen to a liar?” they said on MSNBC's “All In with Chris Hayes” on Jan 12.
“I don't appreciate them and I wouldn't waste my time sitting in that House listening to what they have to say. They do not deserve my attention,” Walters added.
While several Democratic lawmakers like House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi wore black in honor of the #MeToo movement, some powerful Dems exercised their right to boycott the address all together.
Here are the lawmakers who chose not to show up and stated their reasons early on:
Democratic Rep. John Lewis of Georgia
“In good conscience, I cannot and will not sit there and listen at them as they give the State of the Union address,” the civil rights leader told ABC News.
Democratic Rep. Earl Blumenauer of Oregon
“I respect the office of the presidency,” Blumenauer said Friday, according to KPTV. “I'm not going back for the State of the Union address, because Donald Trump doesn't respect it. They don't tell the American people the truth. They act to divide us.”
Democratic Rep. Gregory Meeks of New York
“At every opportunity, he's disrespected me and individuals who look like me,” Meeks told MSNBC on Sunday. “I cannot respect him.”
Democratic Rep. Frederica Wilson of Florida
“To go would be to honor the president and I don't think they deserve to be honored at this time, after being so hateful towards black people and then black countries,” they told CNN, referring to Trump's “shithole countries” comments.
Democratic Rep. Barbara Lee of California
Barbara Lee's press secretary told KQED that Lee decided to miss the State of the Union even before Trump's “shithole” countries comments.
Democratic Rep. Pramila Jayapal of Washington
“This president has gone beyond the pale, over and over again reaching new lows in their leadership of this country that I love,” Jayapal said in a statementpublished Jan 16. “I cannot and will not reward them as they push a self-centered agenda that hurts the district I represent, endangers our country's struggles for unity and abdicates any moral authority that the rest of the world has accorded to America in the past.”
Democratic Rep. Albio Sires of New Jersey
A spokesperson for Sires told Nj.com Sires would skip the State of the Union “because many of their constituents are offended by the president's rhetoric and behavior.”
Democratic Rep. Danny Davis of Illinois
“I cannot in good conscience stand silently by and watch generations of struggle for equal rights, for civil, human and voting rights, for the rights of women, for social and economic justice be undone from the highest office in the land,” Davis said, according to the Chicago Tribune.
Democratic Rep. Jan Schakowsky of Illinois
“I will be boycotting President Trump's State of the Union this year because I refuse to normalize President Donald Trump and their loathsome language and actions,” Schakowsky said in a statement on Jan 26. “The American people have been subjected to a year of racist, erratic, and divisive behavior from their Commander in Chief, and I refuse to accept that as the new normal.”
Democratic Rep. Bobby Rush of Illinois
“We are watching the presidency erode before our eyes and I, for one, refuse to participate in pomp and circumstance that does nothing but normalize their egregious and hateful behavior,” Rush said in a statement. “This is a presidency that has been built on racism, stupidity, and lies, which has already wasted enough of America's time and I will not waste any more of mine.”
Thursday's official introduction to the Magnolia High School Monarch culture was not just a history trivia lesson, but a lesson in life.
Aluminium Alloy Market by Heat Sensitivity Type (Heat Treatable Alloys, Non Heat-Treatable Alloys) Design Type(2000 Series, 6000 Series, 7000 Series, 3000 Series, 4000 Series, 5000 Series) by Application /End User (Electrical Application, Food Packaging, Truck and Marine Frames, Aircraft Industry, Structural and Automotive, Architectural) by Industry Analysis, Volume, Share, Growth, Challenges, Trends and Forecast 2018–2026.
This report studies the Aluminium Alloy Market status and outlook of global and major regions, from angles of manufacturers, regions, product types and end industries; this report analyses the top manufacturers in global and major regions, and splits the Aluminium Alloy Market by product type and applications/end industries.
The Market estimations in this report are based on the Marketed sale price of Aluminium Alloy (excluding any discounts provided by the manufacturer, distributor, wholesaler or traders). The percentage splits, Market shares, and breakdowns of the product segments are derived on the basis of weightages assigned to each of the segments on the basis of their utilization rate and average sale price. The regional splits of the overall Aluminium Alloy Market and its sub-segments are based on the percentage adoption or utilization of the given product in the respective region or country.
Enquiry about report OR ask for Sample Report @
https://www.profsharemarketresearch.com/sample/aluminium-alloy-market-report-sample/
This research study involved the extensive usage of both primary and secondary data sources. The research process involved the study of various factors affecting the industry, including the government policy, Market environment, competitive landscape, historical data, present trends in the Market, technological innovation, upcoming technologies and the technical progress in related industry, and Market risks, opportunities, Market barriers and challenges.
Major players in the Market are identified through secondary research and their Market revenues determined through primary and secondary research. Secondary research included the research of the annual and financial reports of the top manufacturers; whereas, primary research included extensive interviews of key opinion leaders and industry experts such as experienced front-line staff, directors, CEOs and Marketing executives. The percentage splits, Market shares, growth rate and breakdowns of the product Markets are determined through using secondary sources and verified through the primary sources.
Aluminium Alloy Market: Heat Sensitivity Type
• Heat Treatable Alloys
• Non Heat-Treatable Alloys
Aluminium Alloy Market: Design Type
• 2000 Series,
• 6000 Series
• 7000 Series
• 3000 Series
• 4000 Series
• 5000 Series
Design Type(2000 Series, 6000 Series, 7000 Series, 3000 Series, 4000 Series, 5000 Series)
Aluminium Alloy Market : Application
• Electrical Application
• Food Packaging
• Truck and Marine Frames
• Aircraft Industry
• Structural and Automotive Application
• Architectural Application
Access Full Report @ https://www.profsharemarketresearch.com/aluminium-alloy-market-report/
Contact Info:
Mia Cox
Sales Manager
Profshare Market Research
US : +1-646-776-5607
miacox@profsharemarketresearch.com
By The Associated Press
All Times EST EASTERN CONFERENCE Atlantic Division W L Pct GB Boston 23 5 .821 — Toronto 17 7 .708 4 Philadelphia 13 13 .500 9 New York 12 13 .480 9½ Brooklyn 10 15 .400 11½ Southeast Division W L Pct GB Washington 14 12 .538 — Miami 12 13 .480 1½ Orlando 11 17 .393 4 Charlotte 9 16 .360 4½ Atlanta 6 19 .240 7½ Central Division W L Pct GB Cleveland 19 8 .704 — Milwaukee 15 10 .600 3 Indiana 16 11 .593 3 Detroit 14 12 .538 4½ Chicago 5 20 .200 13 WESTERN CONFERENCE Southwest Division W L Pct GB Houston 20 4 .833 — San Antonio 19 8 .704 2½ New Orleans 14 13 .519 7½ Memphis 8 18 .308 13 Dallas 7 20 .259 14½ Northwest Division W L Pct GB Minnesota 16 11 .593 — Denver 14 12 .538 1½ Portland 13 12 .520 2 Utah 13 14 .481 3 Oklahoma City 12 13 .480 3 Pacific Division W L Pct GB Golden State 21 6 .778 — L.A. Lakers 10 15 .400 10 L.A. Clippers 9 15 .375 10½ Phoenix 9 19 .321 12½ Sacramento 8 18 .308 12½
___
Saturday's Games
L.A. Clippers 113, Washington 112
Miami 101, Brooklyn 89
L.A. Lakers 110, Charlotte 99
Atlanta 117, Orlando 110
Chicago 104, New York 102
Cleveland 105, Philadelphia 98
Milwaukee 117, Utah 100
Oklahoma City 102, Memphis 101, OT
San Antonio 104, Phoenix 101
Houston 124, Portland 117
Sunday's Games
Toronto 102, Sacramento 87
Boston 91, Detroit 81
Indiana 126, Denver 116, OT
Minnesota 97, Dallas 92
New Orleans 131, Philadelphia 124
Atlanta at New York, 7:30 p.m.
Monday's Games
Boston at Chicago, 8 p.m.
Charlotte at Oklahoma City, 8 p.m.
Miami at Memphis, 8 p.m.
New Orleans at Houston, 8 p.m.
Portland at Golden State, 10:30 p.m.
Toronto at L.A. Clippers, 10:30 p.m.
Tuesday's Games
Atlanta at Cleveland, 7 p.m.
Denver at Detroit, 7 p.m.
L.A. Lakers at New York, 7 p.m.
Washington at Brooklyn, 7:30 p.m.
San Antonio at Dallas, 8:30 p.m.
Philadelphia at Minnesota, 9:30 p.m.
Phoenix at Sacramento, 10 p.m.
Wednesday's Games
L.A. Clippers at Orlando, 7 p.m.
Memphis at Washington, 7 p.m.
Oklahoma City at Indiana, 7 p.m.
Denver at Boston, 7:30 p.m.
Portland at Miami, 7:30 p.m.
Milwaukee at New Orleans, 8 p.m.
Utah at Chicago, 8 p.m.
Toronto at Phoenix, 9 p.m.
Charlotte at Houston, 9:30 p.m.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
A C-130H Hercules taxis down the runway prior to takeoff at an undisclosed location in Southwest Asia Dec. 4, 2016. Some C-130s have already flown upwards of 800 hours in a single month. (U.S. Air Force photo/Senior Airman Andrew Park)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 12.03.2016 Date Posted: 01.02.2017 03:03 Photo ID: 3082870 VIRIN: 161204-F-CA297-206 Resolution: 5064x3376 Size: 961.95 KB Location: (UNDISCLOSED LOCATION) Web Views: 0 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, 386th AMU keeps supplies moving downrange [Image 1 of 20], by SrA Andrew Park, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
© Dado Ruvic / Reuters
Google allows third-party app developers to read its customers' Gmail emails, a new report reveals, throwing a damper on its claims that it protects its users' privacy.. Those included Edison Software, eDataSource Inc and Return Path.The app companies say that their actions are covered by their user agreements. Google also defends the practice by saying it gets permission from users before allowing third-party applications to connect to an account. This is seen in a pop-up box that includes a note that the app wants permission to "read, send, delete and manage your email."The revelation comes a year after Google announced it would stop, claiming it wanted users to "remain confident that Google will keep privacy and security paramount."Return Path posted a response to the report on its website, saying it had worked with the reporter on the story and felt they were "extremely and somewhat carelessly selective" in what information the reporter chose to include."As anyone who knows anything about software knows, humans program software - artificial intelligence comes directly from human intelligence," Return Path founder Matt Blumberg wrote , adding that the company takes "great care to limit who has access to the data, supervise all access to the data, deploying a Virtual Safety Room, where data cannot leave this VSR and all data is destroyed after the work is completed."
Mumbai: State-owned IDBI Bank on Monday ran up a net loss of Rs 853 crore for the first quarter ended June, mainly hurt by higher provisioning against bad loans.
It is the third straight quarter when the bank reported net loss.
The bank had posted a profit of Rs 241.10 crore in April-June of 2016-17.
Total income in the June quarter was Rs 6,730.88 crore, down from Rs 8,219.43 crore a year earlier, it said in a regulatory filing.
Gross non-performing assets (NPAs) soared to Rs 50,173.20 crore, or 24.11 per cent, in the first quarter of 2017-18, from Rs 27,275.15 crore in the year-ago period.
Net NPA was 15.8 per cent, up from 7.47 per cent in the year-ago quarter.
The stock closed at Rs 52.45, down 0.57 per cent from its previous close, on the BSE on Monday.
New Delhi: BBL 2016 has produced some scintillating peices of work when it comes to batting, bowling and even fielding. The latest artwork to this big collection is Perth Scorchers 'keeper Sam Whiteman's incredible run out to dismiss Sydney Thunders' Pat Cummins.
As soon as Cummins had hit the ball towards square leg, wicket keeper Whiteman rushed to collect the ball and threw down the wickets with just one stump to aim at.
To everyone's surprise, the ball was right on target and Thunders batsman Pat Cummins was dismissed for 39.
WATCH: Biggest six of all time: Chris Lynn biggie lands on stadium roof
WOW! Sam Whiteman, that is incredible fielding! #BBL06 pic.twitter.com/9H3OFidYgT — KFC Big Bash League (@BBL) January 1, 2017
“I was pretty surprised it hit the stumps, from my view it looked like it was going to miss.” Said Whiteman in post-match interview.
AFTER their harrowing fairway encounter with a goose, an American high school golfer may want to take a quack at another sport.
Isaac Couling of Concord High School was chased and up-ended by an angry goose at a golf tournament on the weekend. The incident was caught on camera by Devon Pitts, the parent of another golfer, and the photos quickly went viral.
The Detroit News reported that Couling didn't remember their final score for the round, but they said: "I did par that hole."
No thanks to anyone else, though.
"No one came to help," Couling laughed. "All the coaches saw it from the clubhouse. You could see it from there.
"It's pretty crazy. All my friends were talking about it."
The goose raised a squawk with Couling as they and their group were walking down the fairway on the seventh hole.
"They were aware of a goose nest on their left, which they were looking at but not bothering when from behind them and to the right came the guard goose (protecting the nest)," Blissfield High golf coach Steven Babbitt said, according to The Los Angeles Times.
After Blissfield Athletics shared the photos on Twitter, The PGA of America shared in a post: "Though geese can be beautiful when watching them fly in flocks, the truth is they can be a real nuisance to golfers. And that's without them attacking golfers."
Blissfield Athletics' Twitter post of the photos received more than 37,000 likes and nearly 15,000 retweets, prompting PGA.com to chase down the woman behind the lens.
"I'm not going to lie, I was laughing quite hard after the attack was over," Pitts said. "Isaac spoke with me after the match. I showed them the pictures and we just laughed.
"This is unbelievable the attention this is getting. I wish Issac had hit a hole-in-one instead."
Help you? Nah, you're on your own, buddy.
Medic!
Uh-Oh!
It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information.
If you used an Optimum login, click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account.
If you used a Newsday login, it looks like it's not connected to an active subscriber account. To verify your subscription information, click the Connect Account button.
Otherwise, click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account.
RELATED: Cougars streak back up to seven, college women's basketball, UM-Morris athetics
That streak matches the Cougars' previous streak this season that started back on Nov. 29 and came to an abrupt halt at the hands of UW-Superior on Jan. 13. UWS, who is undefeated in the UMAC at 14-0, will travel to Morris to take on UM-Morris in the regular season finale on Saturday, Feb. 18 at 3 p.m. in Morris. In their previous matchup, UWS won 81-72.
Before that though, UMM will have to get through St. Scholastica on Friday, Feb. 17. The Cougars defeated the Saints 68-62 back on Jan. 14.
UM-Morris 60, Northwestern 54
Minnesota Morris outscored Northwestern in only one quarter Friday, Feb. 10, but it was an impressive 19-7 edge in the second quarter that the Cougars used to gain a 60-54 road win in UMAC action.
The Cougars big spurt began halfway through the first quarter and lasted through the rest of the half. Northwestern raced out to a 10-1 lead. Minnesota Morris then outscored the Eagles 31-11 the rest of the first half to take a 32-21 lead into halftime.
Elli Stevenson began the run with a three to make it 10-4 Eagles. Jordan Halvorson then came off the bench to provide the Cougars with a spark. They connected on back-to-back jumpers to make it 10-8, then Bailey Miller's jumper tied the game at 10. After Northwestern scored the next four points, a Halvorson three-point play in the final 30 seconds pulled the Cougars within one at 14-13 after one quarter.
Minnesota Morris gained control of the game early in the second quarter as Kendra Raths and Mauren Thiesen each drained threes in the quarter's first minute. Later, three straight baskets from Miller gave UMM its first double-digit lead at 29-16.
The third quarter turned into a stalemate with both teams putting together runs, but the lead was still 11 for the Cougars entering the final quarter. Points were at a premium to start the fourth as neither team hit a field goal until an Andrea Zimpel three started a 9-0 run to pull the Eagles within four at 54-50 with 2:42 remaining. Stevenson answered with a big three to stop the run a minute later and earn the Cougars' eighth straight win.
Stevenson led the Cougars with 16 points. Thiesen was behind with 14 points. Kendra Raths had another double-double with 11 points and 12 rebounds. Tori Holt grabbed 13 boards.
UM-Morris 77, North Central 60
Minnesota Morris wrapped up its perfect 5-0 road trip with a convincing 77-60 victory Saturday, Feb. 11 at North Central.
Elli Stevenson continued their hot scoring streak by collecting their ninth straight double-digit scoring effort with 23 points. Backcourt mate Mauren Thiesen drained four threes on their way to 20 points. Kendra Raths recorded their third double-double in four games with a 15-point, 10-rebound effort. The trio combined to shoot 22-for-38 (63 percent from the floor).
The Cougars grabbed control of the game early on. Stevenson's layup started an 11-0 run that gave the Cougars a 13-4 edge. The Rams would cut it to 17-13 after the opening quarter.
After North Central scored to open the second quarter, the Cougars rattled off another impressive spurt, 14-2, to take a 31-17 lead. Stevenson and Thiesen each connected from deep during the run. The Rams fought back to within seven late in the quarter before another Thiesen three ended the scoring and gave the Cougars a 39-29 lead at the break.
Minnesota Morris held a comfortable lead throughout the entire second half and grew the advantage to as high as 25 late in the fourth.
Minnesota Morris (18-5, 13-1 in UMAC) closes out the regular season with a pair of home games starting Friday night against St. Scholastica at 5:30 p.m. The Cougars sit a game back of Wisconsin-Superior in the UMAC standings and the two square off Saturday, Feb. 18 at 3 p.m.
© FABRICE COFFRINI/AFP/GETTY
Since taking office in 2017, French President Emmanuel Macron has positioned themselves as the antithesis to President Donald Trump's climate denial. Throughout the last year, Macron has been one of the Paris climate agreement's most outspoken proponents , hosted a climate conference in Paris (to which Trump was not invited ) and even began offering United States climate scientists grants to come and continue their work in France.On Wednesday, Macron brought their passion for upstaging Trump on climate issues to the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland, kicking off their speech with a joke about the U.S. president's history of climate denial.Macron began their speech in Davos by talking about the irony that a conference about globalization is taking place in a part of the world cut off from its surroundings by snow, immediately transitioning to a jab at President Donald Trump's climate denial."For sure, with Davos, when you look outside...it could be hard to believe in global warming," Macron siad.The comment was an apparent swipe at Trump, who tweeted in December that the East Coast, which was suffering through a historic cold snap at the time, could "use a little bit of that good old Global Warming that our Country, but not other countries, was going to pay TRILLIONS OF DOLLARS to protect against."Continue reading here
Ankara: Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan on Sunday sought to reassure France's Emmanuel Macron over the operation of the Turkish army inside Syria, telling the French leader it was aimed against "terror elements" and that Ankara had no eye on Syrian territory.
Turkey on January 20 launched the "Olive Branch" operation against Syrian Kurdish People's Protection Units (YPG) militia which Ankara sees as a terror group and a threat to Turkey.
Macron had incensed Turkish officials by saying in a newspaper interview last week that France would have a "real problem" with the campaign if it turned out to be an "invasion operation".
Turkey's Western allies do not classify the YPG as a terror group and have worked closely with its fighters in the battle against Islamic State (IS) jihadists.
But in telephone talks, Erdoğan told Macron that Turkey had "no eye on the territory of another country", the state-run Anadolu news agency reported.
They added that the operation was "aimed at purging" the area of Afrin in northern Syria of "terror elements" such as the YPG.
Erdoğan has sought to build a strong relationship with Macron despite rocky ties with the EU, visiting Paris in January for talks.
But after Macron's remarks last week, Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu responded that France had no right "to give us lessons" on a cross-border offensive, pointing to France's own colonial history.
Justin Bieber is spending quality time with a new leading lady.
The singer spent Wednesday night with Ballers actor and model Paola Paulin at a very date-like dinner at the Chateau Marmont in Hollywood. Prior to going out eat, they met up with other friends and went to church, Us Weekly reports.
A source confirmed to People: “He was with them at Chateau and told people the next day they were ‘hot as s—.'" The pair were photographed on Wednesday in a car as they left the Beverly Hills church together:
BKNY / BACKGRID
RELATED: Justin Bieber Has the Most Unconventional Church Outfit
In late September, the two looked happy as they were photographed departing from church:
EVGA / Roger / BACKGRID
At the time a source told E! News of Bieber and Paulin's relationship: "He enjoys their company and hanging out with her, but they have not called them their girlfriend.  They are still focusing on their health right now."
Whether or not they're just friends or something more, you've got to admit that they make a great pair.
GREENSBURG, Pa. (AP) - A prison inmate has been charged with threatening a western Pennsylvania judge who sentenced them to prison.
The Tribune-Review reports that county detectives allege that 28-year-old Rebecca Gardner threatened to kill the Westmoreland County judge with a knife and then use gasoline to set fire to the home. Authorities said the handwritten letter ended "Sincerely your killer" with Gardner's name.
In March, the judge sentenced them in a simple assault case to two to four years in state prison. Authorities allege that Gardner said they sent the letter because they feared they would be sent to a state hospital during a June 27 hearing.
A preliminary hearing is scheduled June 11 on charges of retaliation against a judicial official and terroristic threats. Court documents don't list an attorney representing Gardner.
___
Information from: Tribune-Review, http://triblive.com
QUETTA: At least six police officers were martyred and seven other injured in a suiside attack on a police van at airport road in Quetta, on Tuesday, AajNews reported.
According to ISPR, in another incident two suicide bombers were killed who were trying to attack Frontier Corps (FC) check post before they could explode their vests, in Mian Ghundi area of Quetta.
Eight FC personnel were wounded in the exchange of firining.
The security forces have cordoned off the blast area and further investigations are underway.
Islamabad: At least 11 Pakistan Army officers and soldiers were killed and 13 others injured in a suicide blast inside an army unit in Swat district of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province on Saturday, defence officials said.
The Inter-Services Public Relations said in a statement that the attack happened in a sports area of the unit in Kabal town of Swat.
The death toll may further increase as several injured were in a critical condition, health officials said.
The attack happened when soldiers were playing volleyball.
The injured soldiers have been shifted to Kabal hospital.
Outlawed militant group Tehreek-e-Taliban claimed the attack, according to the media reports.
Prime Minister Shahid Khaqan Abbasi has strongly condemned the suicide attack, the Prime Minister's office said.
Abbasi said that no cowardly attack can deter Pakistan in pursuing struggle against the menace of terrorism to its logical conclusion. "We will continue our fight till the last trace is rooted out," they said in a statement.
Pakistani security forces had cleared Swat valley in a major operation in 2009. Earlier the Pakistani Taliban militants had strong influence in most parts of Swat.
WASHINGTON (AP) - A woman who was formerly employed as a manager by celebrity chef Mike Isabella sued them and their business partners Monday alleging sexual harassment. Isabella denied the allegations.
Chloe Caras is seeking an unspecified amount for pain and suffering, back pay and punitive damages. Isabella, who competed on the cooking reality shows "Top Chef" and "Top Chef: All-Stars," has about a dozen restaurants in the Washington area.
The lawsuit filed in Superior Court in the District of Columbia says when Caras was fired in 2017 they were the director of operations for the Isabella Eatery in Virginia and the highest-ranking woman in Isabella's organization, Mike Isabella Concepts. The lawsuit says that during Caras' three years with the company they were subject to unwelcome touching, sexual advances, vulgar and explicitly sexual remarks and gestures, and sexists insults and texts calling them a "dumb bitch" and a "whore" and false rumors about their sexual history.
"On multiple occasions, Mr. Isabella sexually propositioned Ms. Caras and subjected them to degrading acts, including pulling their hair while standing behind them in a clear pantomime of having penetrative sex from the rear," the lawsuit says.
The lawsuit, which was first reported by The Washington Post, says Isabella and their partners created a "sexually hostile work environment and condoned a climate of contempt for women" at their restaurants. It says that on Dec. 5, 2017, when Isabella suggested to a chef that they have sex with Caras they attempted to leave the restaurant and was chased after by a screaming Isabella and fired by them when they reached the door.
Isabella, their partners and their company denied the allegations.
"The allegations of an unwelcoming or hostile work atmosphere are false," said a statement released by the law firm Bascietto & Bregman. It said Caras raised these allegations for the first time after they "stormed off the job and refused to return, insisting they had been fired."
The statement said the accusations of physical contact "are completely untrue."
Caras' attorney Debra Katz said in an email that Caras has also filed a complaint with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission requesting that it conduct an investigation into allegations that Isabella's organization maintained a sexually hostile work environment.
NAUGATUCK, Conn. (WTNH) — It wasn't business as usual at Naugatuck Town Hall today.
Inside, leaders of 19 Naugatuck Valley cities and towns gathered to make their case to the state representatives from their areas to fight for funding in Hartford when they return next week for the new session.
They say improvements are needed to the Waterbury rail line. They say better train transportation will spur on new economic development projects in several towns along that rail line in the Naugatuck Valley.
Related: Transportation projects could revive struggling downtowns
For instance, in Naugatuck:
“We now have large swaths of open land right along the rail line that are open and available for development,” said Naugatuck Mayor Pete Hess.
And in Ansonia:
“We've got 90 market rate apartments going in in the next 2 years,” said Ansonia Mayor David Cassetti. “There are going to be millenials and elderly people that don't drive and they're going to want to utilize that rail line.”
Steve Tartaglia tried to utilize it today at the Waterbury train station, but what happened to them highlights what the area leaders are saying about the need for more trains.
Related: Residents fired up about transportation funding plan
“I had to take the train to NY to pick my W2's up and I just missed the train by ten minutes. Now I gotta wait basically another 3 hours,” Steve said. “That's just ridiculous.”
The area leaders would like to get funding for at least five more train cars.
“In order to have frequent train service, we need 80 million dollars,” Mayor Hess said.
But, one state representative suggested with purse strings tight in Hartford, this maybe up for another very difficult debate on transportation issues.
“The money's not gonna drop from heaven,” said Rep. Jeffrey Burger, a Democrat who represents Waterbury's 73rd district. “We're going to need to find sources of revenue.”
The area leaders say there's too much at stake for the region not to fight for the money.
“You have to do it,” replied Mayor Hess.
Milan, July 4 - The first test-tube embryos of rhinoes have been produced in Italy by the same team led by Cesare Galli that cloned the first bull Galileo and the first horse Prometea, according to an article in Nature Communications. The embryos may pave the way for saving animals on the brink of extinction like the northern white rhino, of which only two females survive. In the Cremona lab of the Avantea group, specialised in assisted reproduction for large animals, researchers grew 30 eggs taken from southern white rhino females, of which there are more than 21,000 animals. Some 17 were fertilised with the sperm of the same sub-species, while the other 13 were fertilized with the frozen sperm of dead northern white rhinoes. Seven embryos were this obtained, blocked at day 12 of their development. Some of them have been frozen, awaiting transplant into the wombs of surrogate mothers, while others have been used to obtain stem cells, precious for testing techniques to produce new gametes permitting an increase in the genetic diversity of rhinoes.
Rick O'Brien has been on our staff since 1993, primarily covering high school sports in Southeastern Pennsylvania. They focus on football and boys' basketball and baseball, with other events (Penn Relays, regattas on the Schuylkill, etc.) and some pro sports mixed in.
Bonner-Prendergast's Isaiah Wong (21) is defended by Seth Lundy (23) in the Catholic League championship game.
The Bonner-Prendergast boys' and girls' basketball squads are within two victories of capturing PIAA state championships.
Point guard Isaiah Wong and the Friars (25-4) will take on District 2's Abington Heights (25-3) in Class 5A semifinal at 7:30 p.m. Monday at Bethlehem Freedom.
Guard Dakota McCaughan and the Pandas (17-10) will face District 3's Lancaster Catholic (30-0) in a 4A semifinal at 7:30 p.m. Tuesday at Spring-Ford.
Wong (22.2 ppg.) is supported by 6-8 center Ajiri Johnson, a Rider signee, 6-9 forward Tariq Ingraham, and guards Yohance Garner and Mike Perretta.
McCaughan is joined by 5-9 forward and Navy recruit Nyah Garrison and guards Emily Monaghan, Maeve McCann, and Alexis Gleason.
Neumann-Goretti is in the same position as Bonner-Prendie, with its boys and girls still alive in the playoffs.
The Neumann-Goretti boys (21-6) will meet District 3's Trinity in a 3A semifinal at 7 p.m. Tuesday at Garden Spot in New Holland. Carl Arrigale's group is paced by guards Christian Ings, Noah Warren and Dymir Montague, and 6-8 center Marcus Littles.
Also in 3A, the Neumann-Goretti girls will battle District 2's Dunmore (28-1) at 6 p.m. Monday at Bethlehem Freedom. Senior guard and Hartford recruit Jabria Ingram averages about 19 points per game for the Saints (20-7).
Roman Catholic (22-6) will clash with District 7's Pine-Richland (23-6) in a 6A boys' semifinal at 6 p.m. Tuesday at Chambersburg. The Cahillites are trying for their third title in four seasons.
Roman is ignited by 6-6 swingman Seth Lundy, point guard Lynn Greer, and wings Hakim Hart and Allen Betrand. Betrand, a 6-4 senior and Towson signee, has scored 26 and 23 points, respectively, in the last two games.
Lundy (16.2 ppg.) injured their left ankle at the end of the first quarter in Saturday's 75-56 triumph over Central Bucks West and did not return, but is expected to be back against Pine-Richland.
In a 6A girls' semifinal, Drexel recruit Kate Connolly and Souderton (27-2) will square off against Nicole Kaiser and Upper Dublin (25-5) at 7 p.m. Monday at Council Rock South.
PIAA Boys' Basketball
(District and seeding in parentheses.)
Semifinals
Monday
Class 5A
Abington Heights (2/1) vs. Bonner-Prendergast (12/1), at Bethlehem Freedom, 7:30 p.m.
Milton Hershey (3/1) vs. Mars (7/1), at Altoona, 7 p.m.
Class 4A
Bethlehem Catholic (11/2) vs. Imhotep Charter (12/1), at Reading's Geigle Complex, 7 p.m.
Quaker Valley (7/2) vs. Sharon (10/1), at New Castle, 7 p.m.
Class A
Faith Christian (1/1) vs. Lourdes Regional (4/1), at Hamburg, 7 p.m.
Bishop Carroll (6/1) vs. Kennedy Catholic (10/1), at Gateway, 7:30 p.m.
Tuesday
Class 6A
Hazleton (2/1) vs. Lincoln (12/1), at Bethlehem Liberty, 7:30 p.m.
Roman Catholic (12/2) vs. Pine-Richland (7/2), at Chambersburg, 6 p.m.
Class 3A
Neumann-Goretti (12/1) vs. Trinity (3/1), at Garden Spot, 7 p.m.
Lancaster Mennonite (3/4) vs. Richland (6/2), at Chambersburg, 7:30 p.m.
Class 2A
Holy Cross (2/1) vs. Constitution (12/2), at Bethlehem Liberty, 6 p.m.
Sewickley Academy (7/1) vs. Our Lady of Sacred Heart (7/2), at Peters Township, 7 p.m.
PIAA Girls' Basketball
Semifinals
Monday
Class 6A
Souderton (1/1) vs. Upper Dublin (1/9), at Council Rock South, 7 p.m.
Central Bucks South (1/2) vs. North Allegheny (7/1), at Baldwin, 6 p.m.
Class 3A
Dunmore (2/1) vs. Neumann-Goretti (12/2), at Bethlehem Freedom, 6 p.m.
East Allegheny (7/2) vs. Bishop Canevin (7/1), at Gateway, 6 p.m.
Class 2A
West Catholic (12/1) vs. Penn Manor (6/4), at Chambersburg, 6 p.m.
Blairsville (6/2) vs. Bellwood Antis (6/3), at St. Francis University, 7 p.m.
Tuesday
Class 5A
Southern Lehigh (11/1) vs. Archbishop Wood (12/1), at Souderton, 7:30 p.m.
Archbishop Carroll (12/3) vs. Mars (7/4), at Bald Eagle, 5:30 p.m.
Class 4A
Lancaster Catholic (3/1) vs. Bonner-Prendergast (12/1), at Downingtown West, 7:30 p.m.
Berks Catholic (3/2) vs. Cardinal Wuerl North Catholic (7/1), at Bald Eagle, 7 p.m.
Class A
Lebanon Catholic (3/1) vs. Jenkintown (1/1), at Downingtown West, 6 p.m.
Bishop Carroll (6/2) vs. Juniata Valley (6-1), at Altoona, 7 p.m.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Roberto Deiaco, the former executive chef at Armani/Ristorante 5th Avenue, has opened a new restaurant in Manhattan's midtown. Dubbed Avena, the restaurant was inspired by their Italian upbringing and their years of experience cooking for Giorgio's Armani Restaurant. #wwdeye (📷: @lightboxer)
When you need a bright, beautiful side dish with sweet, bold flavors, look no further than these honey glazed carrots. They are such a breeze to whip up and couldn't be more delicious.
Serves 4
Ingredients:
1 lb. baby carrots
2 tbsp butter
2 tbsp honey
½ orange, zested and juiced
1 tsp white wine vinegar
2 tbsp fresh thyme leaves, chopped
Sea salt, to taste
Black pepper, to taste
Directions:
Bring a medium pot of salted water to a boil. Add carrots and cook until just tender, about 5 minutes.
In a sauté pan over medium heat, add the butter, honey, orange zest and juice, vinegar and thyme.
When the carrots are done, drain and add to the sauté pan.
Cook until a syrupy glaze forms, about 3-5 minutes.
Season with salt and pepper and serve immediately.
MORE FROM THE KIN COMMUNITY:
© Kin Community
Shadowhunters promised to give us a major character death before the season was out, and frankly, they kind of over-delivered. We got not one, but three huge deaths in the Season 2 finale, though only two of them were permanent.
After getting stabbed and falling into the river, Jonathan (Will Tudor) managed to achieve one last act of evil before succumbing to their wounds. They opened a portal to Edom, crying out for their mother in the process. What came out of that portal were some seriously nasty demons, which Isabelle (Emeraude Toubia) and Alec (Matthew Daddario) hunted down, while Jace (Dominic Sherwood) and Clary (Katherine McNamara) journeyed back to Lake Lyn.
Shadowhunters: Matthew Daddario and Harry Shum Jr. Talk Malec's Relationship Issues
It all turned out to be for naught though, because despite their best efforts Valentine (Alan Van Sprang) managed to summon the Angel Raziel -- right after stabbing Jace in the heart.
Jace's death was only temporary -- thank the angel -- once Clary killed their father and wished for Azriel to bring Jace back to life. The consequences of that resurrection will no doubt be far-reaching, but at this point we're willing to face them if it means Jace gets to stick around and smooch Clary whenever they want.
Dominic Sherwood, Shadowhunters
Back in the city, Alec and Isabelle closed the portal Jonathan opened with the help of Magnus (Harry Shum Jr.), but they were confounded when the demons that escaped through it disappeared out of nowhere.
Here's where things get interesting, especially if you're a book fan.
Shadowhunters vs Stitchers: Who's Got a Longer Memory?
The final shot of the episode showed those winged demons combining to form a black-skinned female figure, who now has Jonathon's dead body. In case you were wondering who this obviously evil lady is, they refer to Jonathan as their son.
So who exactly is Jonathan's mom?
In the books, Jonathan's surrogate mother is Lilith, and seeing as the show has closely followed the source material so far, we're willing to bet that's exactly who we saw in the finale. Another key detail from the books? Lilith isn't content to stand by and let Jonathan rest in peace. Jace's painful side effects from being brought back to life will most likely play directly into that potential storyline in Season 3.
Basically, don't count Jonathan out yet. And definitely don't underestimate the wrath of their mommy.
Education Minister Mitzie Hunter packed more bologna than was thought to be humanly possible into a short letter to the editor last week.
To call the letter disingenuous would be a kindness. It was full of unadulterated nonsense.
"Our government remains committed to students in rural Ontario." Some plans to close rural schools involve disrupting student education and busing youngsters as long as 90 minutes a day one way. Some commitment.
The minister goes on to say the government spends $1,000 more for each rural pupil compared to urban pupils. So what? Of course education in rural areas will be more expensive. It's the density thing.
Hunter then detail all the money that has been spent on rural education, the new schools that have been built and schools that have been renovated.
Thanks very much, but what about the schools that have been closed?
Hunter takes on the Ontario Conservative leader for demanding a moratorium on school closings.
Hunter: "We continue to see Patrick Brown's Conservatives wanting to restrict the local decision making power of school boards limiting a board's ability to prioritize student needs.
"He wants the decisions that impact local students and communities to be made at Queen's Park without giving the locally-elected trustees . . . the opportunity to have these important planning conversations."
However, Hunter fails to mention these are decisions within a framework of their ministry's making. Local decisions are dictated by funding models that come right out of their department.
Under those models, local boards close schools or lose money. The bureaucrats who run local boards also fall out of favour with their counterparts at Queen's Park if they don't get on the school closing bandwagon.
Of course, this is all about politics and the provincial election in June 2018. Hunter's Liberals are about as popular in rural Ontario as a drunk at a Women's Christian Temperance Union meeting.
Two schools in the Georgian Bay region have escaped the ministry's guillotine at least temporarily because their communities came up with plans to provide financial help.
Private industry is in involved. Local government is involved. A developer is involved.
Neither Hunter's ministry nor the local school board lifted a finger to help keep these schools open, even though the case for closing them was weak at best.
The fact these two schools have been saved was just announced. Hunter is expected to visit the schools in Paisley and Markdale Wednesday.
No reason for the visit has been announced, but if they claim any credit for their ministry they should be shown the route out of town.
jmerriam@bmts.com
Mobility in communication is the key ingredient in Haloocom's wide range of business communication products. Haloocom today announced the launch of its FOUR new range of business communication offering in India; Qatar
1 Haloo Xchange: End to End Business Communication system with UCaaS
2 Haloo Business: Mobility in Communication
3 Haloo Connect: Contact Centre management application
4 Haloo Optimizer: AI; Machine learning driven application
“Haloocom team brings in the expertise of developing; servicing 5000+ telecom projects around the globe; we do understand the need for an effective business communication system that is highly mobile in nature. Haloocom guarantees to bring down the telecom expense of an organization up to 75% ; Increase the productivity up to 3X – Said Mr. Levis Wilson – Founder; CEO Haloocom is clearly a channel obsessive brand, that has tailor made various channel partnership programs that strengthens the business model of a distributor, reseller; channel partner.
#410, 6th Main, 1st Cross, Sadanand Nagar
Behind RMZ infinity, Bangalore-560038
​info@haloocom.com
CRESTVIEW, Fla. (WKRG) — According to Crestview police, a 32-year old Freeport man is in custody following a Saturday night rampage.
The rampage caused more than $100,000 in damage to the liquor store under construction at the Crestview Walmart and to construction equipment.
Around 9:10 p.m. the suspect, Mathew Horace Jones, used a forklift to damage the building under construction.
According to police, Jones allegedly broke into the fenced-in construction site on the north side of the Ferdon Boulevard South using a JCB extendable forklift parked at the job site.
The building under construction was destroyed. Additionally, the suspect damaged a city fire hydrant and a 2-inch water meter worth about $3,200.
Crestview Police received calls that the suspect was “throwing cinder blocks off the scaffolding in the construction zone.”
According to a building contractor the damage included: $40,000 in scaffolding and materials, $15,000 in block and mortar, a $15,000 forklift, $7,500 mixer, $1,500 mud pans, and $4,000 in damaged fencing.
The suspect, Jones, also caused about $60,000 in labor to clean and rebuild the site.
When Crestview Police Officers arrived on scene, Jones aimed the forklift toward officers. The officers stopped Jones at gunpoint and were able to detain him.
Jones stated their name was “Alice Wonderland” and they were told to commit the offenses by a hookah-smoking caterpillar.
Crestview Police Sgt. Don Howe stated, “the defendant stated Walmart was building a place to sell alcohol and they had a problem with it.”
The suspect was on probation but is now charged with felony grand theft, use of a motor vehicle to damage property of another in excess of $1,000, criminal mischief with damage greater than $1,000, and violation of felony probation.
Research Corridor has published a new research study titled “ Medicated Skin Care Products Market – Growth, Share, Opportunities, Competitive Analysis and Forecast, 2017 – 2025”. The Medicated Skin Care Products market report studies current as well as future aspects of the Medicated Skin Care Products Market based upon factors such as market dynamics, key ongoing trends and segmentation analysis. Apart from the above elements, the Medicated Skin Care Products Market research report provides a 360-degree view of the Medicated Skin Care Products industry with geographic segmentation, statistical forecast and the competitive landscape.
Browse the complete report http://www.researchcorridor.com/medicated-skin-care-products-market/
Geographically, the Medicated Skin Care Products Market report comprises dedicated sections centering on the regional market revenue and trends. The Medicated Skin Care Products market has been segmented on the basis of geographic regions into North America, Europe, Asia Pacific and Rest of the World (RoW). The RoW segment consists Latin America and the Middle East & Africa. The Medicated Skin Care Products market has been extensively analyzed on the basis of various regional factors such as demographics, gross domestic product (GDP), inflation rate, acceptance and others. Medicated Skin Care Products Market estimates have also been provided for the historical years 2015 & 2016 along with forecast for the period from 2017 – 2025.
The research report also provides a comprehensive understanding of Medicated Skin Care Products market positioning of the major players wherein key strategies adopted by leading players has been discussed. The Medicated Skin Care Products industry report concludes with the Company Profiles section which includes information on major developments, strategic moves and financials of the key players operating in Medicated Skin Care Products market.
Key Takeaways:
Market Dynamics in the Medicated Skin Care Products Market
Market Key Ongoing Regional Trends
Medicated Skin Care Products Market Estimates for Years 2017 – 2025
Market Estimates for Years 2017 – 2025 Medicated Skin Care Products Market Positioning of Key Players
Market Positioning of Key Players Key Strategies Adopted by the Leading Players
Attractive Investment Proposition
Medicated Skin Care Products Market Inclination Insights
Related Reports
About Research Corridor
Research Corridor provides End-to-End Solution for Market Research Consulting and Custom Research Reports. Database of Over 47000 Global Market Reports Research Corridor is world leading company in syndicated market Research Reports.
For More Information, Visit Research Corridor
Media Contact
Company Name: Research Corridor
Contact Person: Vikram
Email: sales@researchcorridor.com
NOW that's a bit too close for comfort.
A Northern Rivers man had this very close encounter with a shark - and in extremely shallow water.
Finn Ward was at New Brighton for a "spot of beach worming" about 1.30pm yesterday when they "ran into this guy".
They said they thought the shark was about 2m long, but wasn't sure what type it was.
But it was in knee-deep water, with waves crashing over it, debunking the myth that sharks don't venture into whitewater.
"Pretty ordinary footage unfortunately, but between dodging them (the shark), the glare and a cracked iPhone screen, I was pretty occupied," they said.
"I've never seen one so close to shore but seen a heap around in the water surfing.
"It's the time of year, I think.
"Mullet are running, the whales are migrating, the water cools and there is a lot of sea life around.
tThey say the mullet run from Anzac Day so from them until The whales head back is the time you see them mostly."
Mr Ward posted the footage of the shark on the Brunswick Heads Community Page on Facebook, where it has already been shared more than 170 times.
Country Sensation Nathan Carter is filming their second TV show in Sligo and you could get your face in the crowd.
The young singer who recently entertained crowd at Cowboys and Heroes at Drumcoura City, Ballinamore is filming their second show in the Knocknarea Arena in Sligo on June 28,29 and July 1.
The Leitrim Observer want to give you free tickets to the show!
Each show will be packed with live music from Nathan and some very special guests from Ireland and further afield and will be broadcasted later this year on RTÉ One.
This is the perfect opportunity for fans old and new to get up close and personal with Nathan and be part of this exciting television experience!
Following the runaway success of their sold-out arena tours Nathan Carter is one of Ireland's most sought-after entertainers.
Tickets are €22.50 (incl. booking fee). Group Rate: 25% discount for groups over 10 (€16.88 per ticket).
Tickets can be purchased on www.tickets.ie Over 18's only, doors open at 6.30pm.
Competition
We have a pair of tickets up for grabs for June 29. To be in with a chance of winning the tickets and being part of Nathan's new TV show just answer the following question:
Q: Where is Nathan filming their new TV show?
Email the answer with your name, address and phone number to leitrimobservercomp@gmail.com
"ROTC helped me discover that I wanted to be an NCO," said Spc. Chevele Crawford as they spoke to why they joined the Army, Crawford is a human resources specialist with the 316th Sustainment Command (Expeditionary), a Army Reserve unit from Coraopolis, Pa."My ROTC NCOs' developed my interest in the Army and I wanted to follow in their footsteps," Crawford added. (U.S. Army photo by Sgt. Christopher Bigelow)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 11.04.2016 Date Posted: 01.02.2017 06:17 Photo ID: 3082958 VIRIN: 161104-A-PF724-020 Resolution: 2848x4288 Size: 6.69 MB Location: FORT HOOD, TX, US Web Views: 0 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, Soldier Spotlight [Image 1 of 28], by SGT Christopher Bigelow, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
THESE babies in blue are the faces of “positive discrimination”.
In a campaign championed by new police Commissioner Chris Dawson, the WA Police Force's cadet program is open only to Aboriginal or Torres Strait Islanders in a bid to boost indigenous representation.
Last week at a ceremony at the WA Police Academy chapel, 23 cadets were awarded their certificates in general adult education from North Metropolitan TAFE — a key component of successfully completing their cadetship, which sees them wear the uniform, get paid between $29,000 and $47,500, embedded in police stations to witness the frontline first-hand and mentored by officers.
Four of those cadets — Jacob Collard, 22, Mark Tye, 25, Maddison Ugle, 18, and Tiarna Eades, 20 — were ecstatic when Mr Dawson announced they were no longer cadets, but fast-tracked to the academy, bringing their dreams of being sworn police officers even closer to reality.
Mr Collard said being a cadet provided invaluable first-hand experience and that the focus on increasing the Aboriginal presence in the police force was a “fabulous” initiative.
“If a situation happens where there may be an indigenous person, it's always good if we're around because they want to come to us, they want to speak to us, they feel like they understand us, which is very important because we understand them. We've got family members who have been in and out of the system, unfortunately,” they said.
Camera Icon The group with Commissioner Chris Dawson. Picture: Justin Benson-Cooper
Fellow cadet Teleiah Ogilvie, 18, moved from Broome for this opportunity and said it had made them want to become a police officer even more. They have accompanied officers on warrants as well as witnessed arrests and out-of-control gatherings.
“When I go back home a lot of the people that didn't really like police at the start, now they know we're coming through they've got a bit more respect for police officers,” they said.
Mr Dawson said having a stronger Aboriginal presence in their team would help bridge gaps between indigenous communities and police, drive down the over-representation of Aboriginal people in the justice system and create a more effective, diverse force.
The ultimate aim was to have more Aboriginal officers “at all ranks”, they said, adding police cadets were positive role models for other youth.
The Commissioner conceded the cadet program not being open to non-Aboriginal applicants might disappoint some people, but noted the traditional recruitment process remained open to them.
“In terms of our cadetships, look I'm positively discriminating to get more Aboriginal people as cadets … I think this (process) will be able to accelerate many more Aboriginal people to come through,” they said.
Roughly about 3 per cent of the police population are Aboriginal men and women.
The target for next year's cadet intake, which starts in May, is 37. Applications for 17 to 25-year-olds are open.
RECIPE IDEAS FOR YOUR HOLIDAY GATHERING!
We've got holiday meal planning and entertaining ideas that are both affordable and easy. Recipes, award-winning wines and kitchenware are all available at ALDI for your holiday get-together!For recipes, tips and to find the closest ALDI location, visit: www.aldi.us
This week is absolutely stacked, and with 4/20 coming up we have some awesome events to choose from. Stay busy every night of the week and keep your stomach and taste buds happy. Check out Natural Wine Week, get a sneak peak at Rosenberg's new concept and so much more. This week they really will be putting the high in Mile High City.
Monday, April 17
Rebel Dim Sum Night with Friends
When: Monday, April 17, 6 to 11 p.m.
Where: Rebel Restaurant — 3763 Wynkoop Street, Denver
Cost: Free Admission
The Lowdown: Rebel Restaurant will be throwing down with some of your favorite chefs for a night of friends, fun, food and dim sum. Join Cindhu Reddy, of Spuntino, Tiffany Leong, of Duo, Kyle Foster, formerly of Colt & Grey and soon proprietor of Julep, for a unique evening of culinary excellence. Rebel will be using push carts and shareable plates to channel some tradition, but the chefs have drawn inspiration from across the globe to add some fun-conventional flare. Can you say dim yum?!
Keep the Glass Monday
When: Monday, April 17, 4 to 10 p.m.
Where: Stem Ciders — 2811 Walnut Street, Unit 150, Denver
Cost: Free Admission
The Lowdown: We ain't never seen a glass like that! Are you going through glasses quickly? Is your cat knocking them over and shattering them on the reg? Not to worry. For a nice ol' Alexander Hamilton (or any denomination of a $10) you can head over to Stem for two pours of cider and a glass to keep. No ‘poor me' today, just pour me another!
Tuesday, April 18
Killer Mai Tai Competition
When: Tuesday, April 18, 7 – 10 p.m.
Where: Adrift — 218 South Broadway Street, Denver
Cost: Free Entry — email [email protected] if interested in competing
The Lowdown: My oh mai tai. On Tuesday, several of the cocktail creatives in Denver will be convening at Adrift to show off their skills. Black Magic Spiced Rum will be sponsoring the event — join in the fun as a competitor and earn glory and bragging rights or enjoy drinks and dinner and castaway your vote for your favorite. Make it a tiki Tuesday booze-day to remember (or not).
Wednesday, April 19
Tenth Annual Dos Casas
When: Wednesday, April 19, 5:30 – 10:00 p.m.
Where: LOLA Coastal Mexican — 1575 Boulder Street, Denver
Cost: $200 per person — tickets here
The Lowdown: This event is full evening of food and drinks to benefit Brent's Place and help those living with cancer. Chef Jamey Fader has organized a culinary adventure featuring some of Denver's best chefs. Get down to some live music, bid in the silent auction and enter your chance to win over 50 bottles of wine. You can sponsor a table, a chef or just purchase individual tickets and enjoy a delicious five-course menu and a night full of fun for a good cause.
Natural Wine Week
When: Wednesday, April 19, 4:30 – 8 p.m.
Where: Space Gallery — 400 Santa Fe Drive, Denver
Cost: $39 – $75 — tickets here
The Lowdown: Why spend your time whining when you could just wine? Natural Wine Week celebrates the companies that have emphasized a progressive vine consciousness, using biodynamic, sustainable and natural methods in the production process. Six of Denver's premier winemakers will be featuring their products and you can learn more in a number of seminars offered. Space Gallery is a great place to get away for a di-vine evening.
Boards and Brews
When: Wednesday, April 19, 4 – 8 p.m.
Where: Wit's End Brewing Company — 2505 West 2nd Avenue, Denver
Cost: $25 – $75 — tickets here
The Lowdown: 5280 Floors has a reputation for being resourceful, and on Wednesday you have the opportunity to join. Teaming up with Wit's End Brewing Company, the two will bring you an evening of art, beer and food, dedicated to a good cause. The 5280 Workshop Community Flag Program creates a number of handmade items, including Colorado flags from repurposed wood and a variety of other materials. The proceeds are then used to benefit local organizations. All the supplies will be provided — stains, stencils, bases and support — all that is needed is you and your creative mind. The proceeds from this event will benefit Environmental Learning for Kids to help fund Denver-based STEM and flight attendantship programs. Enter to win some neat prizes, enjoy local food and beer and make something while also making a difference.
Thursday, April 20
Sushi, Sake and Joint Rolling Class
When: Every Thursday, Friday and Saturday, 7 p.m.
Where: My 420 Tours Office at Cluster Studios — 3881 Steele Street, Denver
Cost: $69 per person — tickets here
The Lowdown: Roll, roll, roll your joint nicely with sushi. With this class, you can become a master of rolling many things. To get in on this fishy 4/20, join in any Thursday, Friday or Saturday for this unique and super rad class to suit almost all your rolling needs.
Pop-Up and Pizza Sneak Peak
When: Thursday, April 20, 6 a.m. – 3 p.m.
Where: Rosenberg's Bagels and Delicatessen — 725 East 26th Avenue, Denver
Cost: Free Entry
The Lowdown: One of Denver's favorite bagel spots is doing it up this year for 4/20. Check out the special menu of ‘stoner mashups,' including a fried chicken and waffle bagel, pastrami tacos and more. If you haven't already heard, Rosenberg's will be opening a sister concept, Famous Original Ray's Pizza. As if this could get any better, you can get a sneak peek of that soon to be greatness as well. Forget about bae-goals and just fill your life with bagels.
Bud + Breakfast 4/20 Event
When: Thursday, April 20, 4:20 – 10 p.m.
Where: The Adagio — 1430 Race Street, Denver
Cost: $42 per person — tickets here
The Lowdown: Can-can, can you do the can-cannabis? Well, The Adagio sure can, and now you can too. That may be too many ‘cans,' but can there ever be enough cannabis? The creative chefs have prepared a jaw-dropping six-course menu demonstrating the numerous ways to enjoy your favorite herb. Groove to some live music and luck out with some giveaways — this will be the best high-dea you've had in a while.
Not All Munchies Are Created Equal
When: Thursday, April 20, 6 p.m.
Where: TAG | Continental Social Food — 1441 Larimer Street, Denver
Cost: $64.20 per person — call for reservations 303.996.9985 or reserve here
The Lowdown: Extra, extra weed all about it! Make your reservations before they're ganja. Your ticket gets you a welcome cocktail, puff-puff passed appetizers and a five-course menu. In other words, your munchy cravings will be 100% satisfied. TAG generally offers a fusion of flavors on its diverse menu and this night will be no different with a specially crafted menu to cover all your salty and sweet desires.
Wake & Bake Brunch Bus
When: Thursday, April 20, 10 a.m. – 1 p.m.
Where: Corvus Coffee Roasters — 1740 South Broadway, Denver
Cost: $75 – $100 — tickets here
The Lowdown: This is definitely worth playing hookey from work, so put your requests in now or start thinking of a believable excuse. Denver's one and only party bus has preordered food from some local favorites, including Corvus Coffee, VooDoo Doughnuts, Torchy's Tacos and the Denver Biscuit Company. Thirsty after reading about that deliciousness? Well, refreshments will be provided courtesy of Mile High Spirits, Rising Sun Distillery and Renegade Brewery. They really mean business.
4/20 Party
When: Thursday, April 20, 2 – 6 p.m.
Where: Cheba Hut — 745 Colorado Boulevard, Suite B, Denver
Cost: Free Entry
The Lowdown: The infamous Colorado sandwich shop, Cheba Hut, will be throwing up some sweet deals to celebrate 4/20. Head over to Colorado Boulevard for drink specials starting at 2 p.m. going until 10 p.m. with High Hops Brewery Tap Takeover, $2 PBRs and $7 Dulce Vida Tequila Mules. Bias & Beats, a hip-hop duo, will be providing some dope beats from 4:20 – 7:10 p.m. and Cheba Hut will be giving away concert tickets, swag bags and more.
Friday, April 21
Denver Comedy Party Bus
When: Friday, April 21, 5:30 – 9 p.m.
Where: Renegade Brewing Company — 925 West 9th Avenue, Denver
Cost: $50 per person — tickets here
The Lowdown: Another first for Denver is this comedy bus experience that focuses strictly on local craft beer and other libations. Start out at a local brewery or distillery and get a hilarious tour of the production center, followed by a professional tasting. Afterward, hop on a luxury party bus where you can continue your imbibement in the company of local comic on the way to an underground comedy venue. With non-stop laughs throughout the evening, you may end up with a couple different types of six-packs.
Cultivate's Crustacean Customer Appreciation
When: Friday, April 21, 11 a.m. – 6 p.m.
Where: Cultivate Colorado — 666 Buchtel Boulevard, Denver
Cost: Free — register here
The Lowdown: Cultivate Colorado, one of Denver's go-to stores for gardening essentials, wants to give back and show its loyal customers some love. On Friday, head over to mow down on some free mud bugs with all the fixings!
Saturday, April 22
Simply Satisfying Spring Dishes!
When: Saturday, April 22, 11 a.m. – 1 p.m.
Where: Stir to Learn — 3215 Zuni Street, Denver
Cost: $75 per person — enroll here
The Lowdown: With this warm weather and the blooming lilacs, it seems like spring might finally be upon us. If you're not fully feeling it, maybe a refreshing palate cleanse will do the trick. Stir to Learn is back with another awesome cooking class. This course's menu will feature a shrimp and mango salad, Jamaican jerk tacos and more. Take home some food and some new kitchen knowledge.
Hops for Homes Craft Beer Festival
When: Saturday, April 22
Where: Great Divide Bottling Hall — 3403 Brighton Boulevard, Denver
Cost: $10 – $45 — get tickets here
The Lowdown: If you want a great sense of the Denver community, this is the place to go. Twenty metro-Denver craft breweries will be coming together to collaborate and build a home for a local Habitat family. Prices vary based on VIP status and time of entry, but all proceeds will directly benefit the initiative.
Raw Milk Appreciation Day
When: Saturday, April 22, 11 a.m. – 6 p.m.
Where: Mondo Market — 3350 Brighton Boulevard, Unit 115, Denver
Cost: Free Entry
The Lowdown: Taste, learn and appreciate — this international celebration is organized by Oldways Cheese Coalition. To celebrate the magic of raw milk cheese, Mondo will be offering free tastings and 15% off purchases. In addition, Haystack Mountain of Longmont will be there to sampling its award-winning cheese. You will surely be rawe-struck because it's going to be raw-some.
Vintage & Vinyl
When: Saturday, April 22, 11:30 a.m. – 4:30 p.m.
Where: Avanti F&B — 3200 Pecos Street, Denver
Cost: Free Entry
The Lowdown: It's Record Store Day and what better way to celebrate than soaking up the sun and sipping on a Dogfish Head. PorchDrinking.com is bringing you another awesome event with special brews from Dogfish and BYOR — yep, that's ‘bring your own record' — dealers choice for music. Get down and get your groove on.
WeeCycle's Blues, Brews & BBQ
When: Saturday, April 22, 7 – 10 p.m.
Where: 3960 High Street, Denver
Cost: $100 — tickets here
The Lowdown: It's time for WeeCycle's annual event — Blues, Brews and BBQ. Sip on some delicious craft beers and chow down on some authentic barbecue. Entertainment in the form of live music, vintage cars and motorcycles and a live auction. Saturday or Satur-yay?
Sunday, April 23
Steak Frites Sunday
When: Every Sunday, 5 p.m. while supplies last
Where: Beast + Bottle — 719 E 17th Avenue, Denver
Cost: $23 for burger & fries
The Lowdown: Maybe it's been a long weekend and you need to recover in time for Monday or maybe you've been working hard and deserve to treat yourself. Either way, what problems can't a top tier burger and fries solve? At least in terms of your stomach. On Sundays, stop by Beast + Bottle for a special deal and delicious meal.
Worldwide Vegan Bakesale
When: Sunday, April 23, 11 a.m. – 2 p.m.
Where: Nooch | Vegan Market — 10 East Ellsworth Avenue, Denver
Cost: Free Entry — more info about participation here
The Lowdown: This Worldwide Vegan Bakesale runs globally and the profits go to help animals in need. This year, Nooch will be donating the proceeds to the Rooster Sanctuary at Danzig's Roost. Shop a variety of donated baked goods or stop by the Vegan Van for brunch. If you are interested in being more involved check the link above.
Mark Your Calendars
2017 StarChefs Colorado Rising Stars Awards + Tasting Gala
When: Tuesday, April 25, 2017 — VIP at 5:45, Awards, 6:30, Tasting Gala, 7:45 – 9:30 p.m.
Where: City Hall — 1144 Broadway, Denver
Cost: GA $85 | VIP $125 — tickets here
Belgian Brew Fest 2017
When: Saturday, April 29, 1 – 5 p.m.
Where: Bruz Beers — 1675 West 67th Avenue #100, Denver
Cost: $0 – $48 — tickets here
Handwritten Belgian Wit Variants & Silent Dance Party
When: Saturday, April 29, 12 p.m. – Sunday, April 30 at 12 a.m.
Where: Ratio Beerwerks — 2920 Larimer Street, Denver
Cost: Free Entry
Japanese Pub Food
When: Saturday, April 29, 12 p.m. – Sunday, April 30 at 12 a.m.
Where: Uncorked Kitchen — 8171 South Chester Street, Suite A, Centennial
Cost: $210 per pair — tickets here
TheBigWonderful Derby Weekend
When: May 5-7
Where: Old Denver Post Headquarters in Globeville — 4400 Fox St., Denver
Cost: $5 – $59 — tickets here
Derby
When: Saturday, May 6, 11 a.m. to 7 p.m.
Where: Curio in Denver Central Market — 2669 Larimer Street
Cost: FIND COST tickets here
Bar Wars — Battle of the Bars 2017
When: Saturday, May 20, 2 p.m. to 5 p.m.
Where: X Bar — 629 East Colfax, Denver
Cost: $15 online, $20 at the door
Gallatin County Sheriff Injured After Hitting Deer Gallatin County Sheriff Injured After Hitting Deer A Gallatin County Sheriff is recovering at the Benefis Hospital in Great Falls after a motorcycle crash on August 5th. Sheriff Brian Gootkin hit a deer outside of White Sulphur Springs. They were taken by medical helicopter to the hospital. They suffered several injuries, but none were life-threatening. Luckily, Sheriff Gootkin was wearing all of their protective gear, including a helmet.  They are expected to make a full recovery. A Gallatin County Sheriff is recovering at the Benefis Hospital in Great Falls after a motorcycle crash on August 5th. Sheriff Brian Gootkin hit a deer outside of White Sulphur Springs. They were taken by medical helicopter to the hospital. They suffered several injuries, but none were life-threatening. Luckily, Sheriff Gootkin was wearing all of their protective gear, including a helmet.  They are expected to make a full recovery.
Funeral Procession Planned For Fallen Firefighter Funeral Procession Planned For Fallen Firefighter A procession for Vista Grande Hotshot who died while fighting the Lolo Peak Fire on August 2nd is planned for Monday, August 7th. The procession for Brent Witham will begin at 9 a.m. at the Garden City Funeral Home. It will proceed west along Broadway before ending at the Aerial Fire Depot. The public is asked to line Broadway between Garden City Funeral Home and the Reserve Street overpass by 8:30 a.m. The public is asked not to line/park on Broadway west of the overpass f... A procession for Vista Grande Hotshot who died while fighting the Lolo Peak Fire on August 2nd is planned for Monday, August 7th. The procession for Brent Witham will begin at 9 a.m. at the Garden City Funeral Home. It will proceed west along Broadway before ending at the Aerial Fire Depot. The public is asked to line Broadway between Garden City Funeral Home and the Reserve Street overpass by 8:30 a.m. The public is asked not to line/park on Broadway west of the overpass f...
Tester Breaks Washington Gridlock, Passes Seven Bills Through Senate Tester Breaks Washington Gridlock, Passes Seven Bills Through Senate Lincoln, MT - U.S. Senator Jon Tester worked with Republicans and Democrats this week to pass seven bills through Senate. The seven bills, authored by Tester, help veterans get the care and benefits that they need, hire more firefighters to Montana, and help rural families connect with the world. All seven bills received unanimous support in the Senate this week. Two of those bills now go to President Trump's desk. The bills were as follows: VA Choice and Quality Emplo... Lincoln, MT - U.S. Senator Jon Tester worked with Republicans and Democrats this week to pass seven bills through Senate. The seven bills, authored by Tester, help veterans get the care and benefits that they need, hire more firefighters to Montana, and help rural families connect with the world. All seven bills received unanimous support in the Senate this week. Two of those bills now go to President Trump's desk. The bills were as follows: VA Choice and Quality Emplo...
With Christmas over, UK festivals are finally joining Download in releasing their line ups for this summer, including Manchester based Parklife. The two day festival takes place on the weekend of the 9th-10th June in Heaton Park and promises a wild weekend.
Day and stage splits are yet to be revealed, however audiences can expect headlining slots from fellow Mancunian Liam Gallagher, The XX, Skepta and N.E.R.D.
Fresh off the back of their number 1 debut album ‘As You Were', Liam Gallagher has commented via their official Twitter account “Parklife mcr gonna be BIBLICAL as you were LG x”.
Joining the Parklife weekend is Aussie Lorde, as well as Giggs, A$AP Rocky, Chvrches and many more.
The full line up so far is as follows:
Day and weekend tickets are now on sale and are available here.
Check out their line up video below:
Select rating Poor Okay Good Great Awesome No votes yet
We can see how the pitch for this probably went: “HE is a hard-boiled New England cop… IT is a Cthullu-spawned horror… Together, they solve crime!” Actually, here's what we got from Previews: “Artie Buckle is a grade ‘A' schmuck. Their excessive fondness for booze compliments their flash temper, but hold their feet to the fire, their fellow officers would agree: Artie is one helluva cop. He's gonna need that scrap of goodwill because Brick City is under siege from its citizenry… and to top it off Artie's been saddled with the city's newest hero as their partner: A hideous, monstrous, but completely likable, extra-dimensional being named Vinegar Teeth. Can Artie pull their head out long enough to work together with a Lovecraftian monster with a heart of gold and set Brick City back on its feet?” Vinegar Teeth is a new 4-issue comic miniseries created by Damon Gentry and Troy Nixey. The first issue is out now from Dark Horse.
This week's weather question is: why do leaves change color?
Tree leaves are green in the summer and spring because of chlorophyll – which is necessary for trees to produce food.
But there are other colors in a leaf besides green that we don't see until fall.
Yellow pigments are called xanthophylls, orange pigments – carotenoids and reds and deep purples – anthocyanins. We just don't see these colors when it's warmer because the amount of chlorophyll is much higher.
In the autumn, when nights get longer and temperatures cooler, trees eventually shut off the chlorophyll to conserve energy. This allows the ‘fall' colors in the leaves that were previously masked by the green to come out.
And weather plays a significant role in how much orange, red and yellow we see.
The best fall forecast for vibrant fall colors are warm, sunny days, cool (but not freezing) nights and average rainfall.
Fall leaves will reach their peak in Columbus and surrounding areas by the end of this month into early November.
Weather leading up to fall also effects the colors we see.
A warm, wet spring and average summer (not too hot or dry) are ideal for vibrant leaves in the fall.
Too much rain, droughts or freezing temperatures are detrimental for pretty fall colors.
Now Playing Real Housewives of Atlanta: Andy Cohen Casts Doubt on Phaedra's Return After Lesbiangate
NeNe Leakes is going back to where it all started: The Real Housewives of Atlanta.
Leakes cut their teeth on Bravo's hit reality series back in Season 1, but left the show after Season 7. Over the course of their tenure on the show, their confessionals became legendary for their ability throw serious shade. She's basically got the face that launched a thousand memes.
Fall TV 2017-18: All the New Shows
This isn't the first time one of the Real Housewives has left and returned to the show (Kim Richards, Dina Manzo and Bethenny Frankel come to mind), but it's definitely one of the most exciting considering how popular Leakes was and still is among fans of the franchise.
The news about Leakes' return to RHOA was shared by the actor themselves on Twitter.
It's been a long process but we've finally reached an agreement! All hail the Queen for season 10 of #RHOA @bravotv #thethreatisback pic.twitter.com/fbMfqSBjIx — NeNe Leakes (@NeNeLeakes) June 14, 2017
However long the process was, we're just glad NeNe is heading home for more Atlanta-based drama and hilarity.
Leakes leveraged their popularity from RHONY to appear in several other shows, including The New Normal, Glee, Dancing with the Stars and many more.
The Real Housewives of Atlanta Season 10 is expected to premiere this fall on Bravo.
Air Force Radio News 24 April 2018 B
Today's stories: Five Explosive Ordnance Disposal technicians assigned to the 509th Civil Engineer Squadron recovered and safely disposed of 13 unexploded ordnances or UXOs, in the Kansas City metropolitan area. The 911th Airlift Wing assigned to the Pittsburgh International Airport Air Reserve Station is changing to meet the needs of the Air Force.
© Delil Souleiman/AFP/Getty Images
Turkish-backed rebels accused of filming mistreatment of Women's Protection Units memberTurkey and allied Syrian rebels have pressed an offensive since 20 January against the Kurdish enclave of Afrin in northern Syria, whose Kurdish fighters Ankara views as terrorists.A Kurdish official identified the woman as Barin Kobani, who took part in a US-backed campaign to drive the Islamic State jihadist group from the northern town of Kobani.The Kurds blamed the "terrorist allies of the enemy Turkish state" for mutilating the body of Kobani, who was a member of the all-female Kurdish Women's Protection Units.The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, a monitoring group based in Britain, said it received the video from a Syrian rebel fighting with Turkish forces in the Afrin offensive.The rebel told the group the footage was filmed on Tuesday after rebels found the young woman's corpse in the village of Qurna near the Turkish border in the north of the enclave. In the footage, a dozen men, some armed, gather around the badly mutilated body of a woman lying on the ground.The Kurdish community reacted with outrage, and social media users shared a portrait of Kobani smiling next to another shot of their brutalised body."Barin did not surrender. They fought to the death," said Amad Kandal, an official with the Women's Protection Units, vowing to avenge their comrade's brutal murder. "This kind of behaviour will only serve to reinforce our determination to resist until victory."Male and female YPG fighters have taken part in the battle by the US-backed Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) to expel Isis from large parts of Syria.An SDF spokesperson, Mustefa Bali, said the video was reason to continue fighting back against Turkey and its allies. "Imagine the savagery of these invaders with the bodies of our daughters. How would they behave if they took control of our neighbourhoods?" they wrote on Facebook. "All this hatred and barbarity leaves us with a single option: to continue the resistance."An Afrin resident Hussein Cheikho, 65, said they were "deeply pained" when they saw pictures of Kobani's mutilated body but said their death would not be in vain. "The death of a young man or a young woman will not weaken us. Out strength will be bolstered every day," they said.The Syrian National Council, the main opposition body in exile, condemned the "criminal acts" and called for "an immediate investigation to punish those responsible.Agence France-Presse in Afrin
A former Turkish police officer who led the investigation of a smuggling, bribery and Iran sanctions-busting scheme that touched top ministers, testified in Manhattan federal court on Monday that they were imprisoned and eventually had to flee the country for their role exposing the plot.
Ex-cop Huseyin Korkmaz said Turkish leader Recep Erdoğan was one of the targets of the 2013 probe into the billion-dollar scheme run by gold trader Reza Zarrab, who has become a cooperating witness and also testified for the U.S. government against banker Mehmet Hakan Atilla.
Korkmaz said that within days of rounding up Zarrab and other conspirators, they were transferred from their job as a financial crimes investigator to a new post guarding bridges, then moved to a province hundreds of miles from Istanbul, and then arrested and jailed for a year and a half.
When they were released on bail, Korkmaz said, they gathered what evidence they could and arranged with a smuggler to get out of Turkey, laying low in three different countries and finally making contact with U.S. law enforcement.
“I did not feel legally secure in any way,” they said. “Rights to defend one's own freedom as an individual were taken away, so I took my wife and daughter and left the country I dearly loved.”
Korkmaz also testified that although Atilla's name came up during the Turkish investigation, there was no evidence they took bribes.
Erdoğan has fiercely criticized the U.S. trial since its start three weeks ago, claiming the entire case was concocted by opponents of their government.
You probably know that insect eyes are a bit weird. Their compound eyes are made up of thousands of repeating units, rather than one big one like other animals.
Now, researchers at Germany's Fraunhofer Society research institute have adopted a similar strategy to build an ultra-thin smartphone camera.
Called 'facetVISION', the prototype has a lens that's partitioned into 135 tiny facets, each with a different viewing direction. Positioned close together, each facet sees a small section of its surroundings.
Those small views are then aggregated together into a larger image. "This technology, taken from nature's model, will enable us to achieve a resolution of up to four megapixel", said Andreas Brückner from Fraunhofer, who is managing the project.
Far thinner
The benefit of this approach is that it can deliver far thinner cameras than traditional lens technology. The prototype lens is two millimetres thick, compared to a traditional smartphone camera that must normally be at least five millimetres thick to show a sharp image of its surroundings.
It can also be easily mass-produced, using similar processes to those used in the semiconductor industry. By using injection-molding techniques, Brückner believes the insect eye model can easily be transferred into production cameras to achieve a compromise between the two technologies.
"The combination of facet effect and proven injection-molded lenses will enable resolutions of more than 10 megapixels in a camera requiring just a thickness of around three and a half millimeters," they said.
Free Syrian Army troops allied with Turkey overran Syrian Kurds in Afrin on Thursday night as part of a continued Turkish incursion into Syria, where the US' fight against Daesh now seems like an afterthought.
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan has stated that the Turkish Army's Operation Olive Branch in Syria aimed at suppressing Syrian Kurdish People's Protection Units, or the YPG, which Erdoğan claims are terrorists, but which the US has supported and funded as allies against Daesh.
The US State Department told reporters in a statement Monday that Washington "remains committed to our NATO ally Turkey, to include their legitimate security concerns."
In addition to the forced exodus of YPG and civilians from Afrin, "looting started" shortly after the town was taken over, Kani Xulam, founder of the American-Kurdish Information Network in Washington, told Sputnik Radio's Loud & Clear on Monday.
​"Shops were looted, homes were entered and there are pictures of Free Syrian Army soldiers basically taking whatever they wanted," Xulam said. According to Erdoğan, "in the center of Afrin, symbols of trust and stability are waving instead of rags of terrorists."
​"The Kurds have fled south to Aleppo," Xulam said.
​But according to YPG representative Othman Sheikh Issa, speaking in a televised statement Sunday evening, "[Kurdish] forces are present all over Afrin's geography. These forces will strike the positions of the Turkish enemy and its mercenaries at every opportunity."
Instead of confronting enemy forces in direct battle, Kurdish fighters will adopt guerilla tactics to become "a constant nightmare" for the Turks and the Free Syrian Army forces, Issa said.
​In other words, the Kurds will take on the role of an insurgency force. "The Kurds feel angry toward the world, toward the West," Xulam told Loud & Clear.
In addition to looting, videos on social media have shown FSA forces executing Kurds in the street, in broad daylight. As Peter Ford, the former British ambassador to Syria, told Loud and Clear hosts Brian Becker and John Kiriakou, "it's great people are exposed to what America's allies really look like."
"The so-called Free Syrian Army [personnel] are Islamo-fascists by another name," Ford told Loud & Clear, explaining that the militiamen operating alongside Turkish troops are "Jihadi militants indistinguishable from al-Qaeda."
US President Donald Trump ended the CIA's secret program to give weapons and aid to the FSA just last year. For years, the group was included under the banner of the "moderate rebels" opposing Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and won US assistance on the grounds they were not "radical." As recently as January, the FSA was lobbying for the CIA to revive the aid program.
The four-year CIA program ran upward of $1 billion in costs, according to reports.
FARMINGTON, Conn. (WTNH) — Police arrested a Waterbury man after they allegedly stole from a home on West District Road in Farmington on Monday morning.
The owner of the home interrupted the burglary and then the suspect fled the scene in a vehicle, according to Farmington Police. At first, the suspect tried to avoid officers as they chased them on Route 177 but then they eventually stopped. When Farmington Police arrested 32-year-old Francisco Mendez of Waterbury, they were in possession of items that were reported stolen from the home during the burglary.
Mendez is being charged with third degree burglary, second degree criminal trespassing, fourth degree larceny, third degree criminal mischief, second degree reckless endangerment, disobeying an officer's signal and engaging an officer in pursuit.
Mendez is currently being held on a $200,000 surety bond and is scheduled to appear in court on Aug. 15.
Farmington Police ask that if anyone has information on Mendez or any other burglaries in the Farmington area, call Farmington Police Detectives at (860) 675-2400.
Rome, December 11 - The government should cut the maximum number of times temporary contracts can be renewed, INPS pensions and social security agency chief Tito Boeri said Monday. "We must weigh revising the norm that allows up to five renewals," they said. "It is worrying that the growth of temp contracts is linked to very short ones, under three months," Boeri said. They said the government should consider "whether to make the renewal of temporary contracts harder". In Boeri's view, "there is a risk that it becomes a prolonged probation period". Boeri was speaking while presenting INPS's annual report on jobs and the labour market. National statistics agency ISTAT said last week that 2.784 million people were employed on temporary labour contracts in Italy in the third quarter of 2017. This was the highest level since the start of the statistical series in the fourth quarter of 1992. The statistics agency said the number of people on temporary contracts was up 3.9% compared to the previous quarter and 13.4% with respect to the same period in 2016.
Austrian local newspaper Kleine Zeitun reported in May 2016 that the next-generation BMW Z4 (back then it was known as the Z5) and the revived Toyota Supra would be built by Magna Steyr in Graz, Austria. Fast forward to present day, Automotive News Europe has heard basically the exact same thing, though Magna International got in touch with ANE and refused to either deny or confirm the plan:
“No announcement has been made by BMW or Toyota and we are therefore unable to comment.”
Both BMW's soft-top roadster and Toyota's coupe are expected to be built together at the same plant where the Mercedes G-Class has been in production since 1979. In recent times, Magna Steyr kicked off production of the BMW 5 Series and the Jaguar E-Pace, while the fully electric I-Pace is about to hit the assembly line as well. In total, the Austrian contract manufacturer estimates it will put together approximately 200,000 cars this year.
We still don't know when the Z4 and Supra will actually enter production, but there are reasons to believe the BMW will be the first seeing as how an official reveal has been confirmed to take place this summer. As for the much-hyped Supra revival, the latest reports are indicating it won't debut in production form until the beginning of next year, specifically in January at the North American International Auto Show in Detroit. Both models have been previewed, with the Z4 being teased last year in August by a namesake concept at Pebble Beach in California during the Monterey Car Week while the resurrected Supra showed up in concept form as the GR Supra Racing a few weeks ago in Geneva.
The decision to build the cars outside BMW and Toyota factories makes sense taking into account both the Z4 and Supra will be niche models in current times when demand for sports cars is declining. Retooling a factory to accommodate production probably wouldn't be worth the effort and there's also the possibility that the assembly plants are already running at full throttle, with no manufacturing capacity to spare.
Source: Automotive News Europe
Related
Newsletter
Comments
You are encouraged to leave relevant comments but engaging in personal attacks, threats, online bullying or commercial spam will not be allowed. All comments should remain within the bounds of fair play and civility. (You can disagree with others courteously, without being disagreeable.) Feel free to express yourself but keep an open mind toward finding value in what others say. To report abuse or spam, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box.
Toronto Maple Leafs goaltender Frederik Andersen (31) makes a save off a shot from Boston Bruins during the first period of game six of an NHL round one playoff hockey game in Toronto on Monday, April 23, 2018. (Frank Gunn/The Canadian Press via AP)
Toronto Maple Leafs goaltender Frederik Andersen (31) makes a save off a shot from Boston Bruins during the first period of game six of an NHL round one playoff hockey game in Toronto on Monday, April 23, 2018. (Frank Gunn/The Canadian Press via AP)
BOSTON (AP) - This is where the Toronto Maple Leafs try to change the ending.
After beating the Bruins in back-to-back elimination games to force their first-round playoff series to the limit - just like they did in 2013 - the Maple Leafs are hoping to finish the job on Wednesday in Game 7 in Boston.
That's something they couldn't do five years ago, when they became the first team in NHL history to blow a three-goal, third-period deficit and lose a Stanley Cup playoff game.
"We've got some more work to do," said goalie Frederik Andersen, who stopped 32 of 33 shots in Game 6 on Monday to help Toronto win 3-1 and prolong its season.
"It's the same kind of pressure we've felt these last two games, where we've been facing elimination," they said. "Game 7 should be the same. It's something that you all dream of - those big moments - and you also want to perform."
So do the Bruins, who have struggled to put away Toronto for the second consecutive time. In '13, the Maple Leafs won two straight and then opened a 4-1 lead in the third period of Game 7, but Boston scored a pair of goals 31 seconds apart in the final 2 minutes of regulation before winning in overtime.
Patrice Bergeron, who scored the game-winner, is one of seven Bruins remaining from that team, compared with four players wearing Toronto jerseys.
"It's nice to have those guys," said Boston forward David Pastrnak, who had four goals and five assists in the first two games of the series this year but only two assists since. "They've been here a bunch, so they know what to expect. It's good for our young guys to have them around."
The winner of Wednesday night's game will play Tampa Bay, which eliminated New Jersey in five games. The Lightning will host the first two games, regardless of which opponent advances.
"I don't think there's any panic at all in this group," Bruins coach Bruce Cassidy said.
Toronto feels the same way.
"We think we're going to win," Maple Leafs coach Mike Babcock said. "We've thought that all along, and we've crawled our way back and now we have the opportunity of a lifetime. This is where you want to be."
PRESSURE
Both teams paid their respects to the victims of the rental van attack in Toronto that killed 10 people and injured 15 more. There was a moment of silence before Monday night's game, and Babcock opened their postgame remarks by sending support to those affected. Asked on Tuesday about the pressure their team faces heading into a winner-take-all game, Cassidy said they have tried to keep things in perspective.
"Listen, yesterday in Toronto, the first-responders, they were under pressure. That's pressure to me, that's real-life pressure," they said. "This is a game that players dream about being in this situation, Game 7, playing road hockey in a small town in Canada or a big city in the United States or somewhere in between. That's what it's all about. ... Now you've got to go out and embrace it."
GAME 7 HISTORY
The Bruins are 13-12 in Game 7s, with a 12-8 record at home. Toronto is 12-10 and 5-9 on the road. Boston is 2-1 in Game 7s against Toronto, including 2013. Bruins defenseman Zdeno Chara will be playing in their 12th career Game 7 - the most for any active player, and just one shy of the record held by Patrick Roy and Scott Stevens.
ROUND TWO
The Capitals and Penguins await the start of the second round, when they will play each other for the third straight postseason. Pittsburgh is 9-1 all-time in playoff series against Washington.
In the West, the pairings are Vegas against San Jose and Winnipeg against Nashville.
___
More AP NHL: https://apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey
3:16 Mac Attack says Romo looked good but Dak earned this Pause
1:24 Tony Romo says they showed they can be the same guy
3:10 2005 Cross Plains fire changed town, and volunteer fire department
2:07 Are the Dallas Cowboys still America's Team?
1:35 Police Athletic League starts boxing program
0:26 TRE train kills woman who fell onto tracks
2:59 Cullen Davis on meeting with John Farr
1:59 Cullen Davis on the murder victims: 'That's ancient history'
1:03 Oversized coats are winter's ultimate wrap star
Online shopping for food and beverages? Most consumers are not ready to do that yet, according to a survey by Morning Consult.
Poll How to do you prefer to go grocery shopping? In person Online A combination of both Submit Vote View Results Current Results How to do you prefer to go grocery shopping? In person 67%
Online 11%
A combination of both 22% Back to Vote
Of the 2,000 American adult shoppers polled, more than two-thirds (67 percent) have never purchased packaged food or beverage products online, the e-survey and market research firm said in its “Consumer Insights On The Food and Beverage Industry” report. Meanwhile, 65 percent of those who have never bought groceries online indicated that they have no interest in doing so in the future, according to this report by supermarketnews.com
Sixty-five percent of people who haven't made food and beverage purchases online said the top reason was that they prefer to do so in person. Other reasons for not buying groceries online included convenience, cost and uncertainty about the best online retailer to use.
Forbes reported about Morning Consult's latest survey here:
A fair number of consumers didn't rule out shopping for groceries online in the future. The report found nearly 40 percent are open to buying food or beverages online but either just haven't or are waiting until the options to do so improve.
Of the 33 percent of people who have bought food or beverages online, 47 percent cited convenience as the main reason.
Morning Consult's report revealed a low level of online grocery purchasing frequency. Fifty-six percent of online shoppers said they buy food or beverages a few times per year, and 23 percent do so monthly.
The survey found a few demographic variables in online grocery shopping. Among men, 38 percent have bought food or beverages online compared to 29 percent of women.
Forty-five percent of people with $100,000 or more in annual income and 38 percent of those with income of $50,000 to $100,000 a year have bought groceries online, compared with 29 percent of consumers with income of less than $50,000 annually.
Click here to sign up for Daily Voice's free daily emails and news alerts.
© US Navy
Washington, Seoul and Tokyo have have begun joint "missile tracking" drills, South Korea's military said. The new round of military exercises comes just days after the US and its allies concluded the largest ever air maneuvers over the peninsula.The exercises kicked off Monday amid speculation that North Korea may soon test launch a submarine-launched ballistic missile (SLBM), South Korea's military announced, according to the Yonhap news agency.Two US Aegis destroyers - USS Stethem and USS Decatur - are leading the war games along with South Korea's Seoae Ryu Seong Ryong Aegis destroyer, and Japan's Chokai Aegis vessel. During the exercises, the three navies aim to polish their skills at detecting and tracking potential ballistic missiles using a computer-simulated training module.The drills which are hosted by Japan will conclude Tuesday, December 12, and are aimed at increasing the allies' ability to respond to the North Korean threat, Japan's Navy said in a press release.a Japanese defense official told AFP, adding that the simulations "will translate into a measure against ballistic missiles.""(We) are keeping a close eye on North Korea's missile facilities," a South Korean defense official told Yonhap. "There has been no indication detected of any imminent provocation, but we are fully prepared for a response."The exercises have been slammed by Pyongyang, which said it proves that US President Donald Trump is "begging" for nuclear war.North Korea has repeatedly criticized the joint drills between the US and South Korea. Last month, the North's ambassador to the UN ruled out negotiations with Washington, citing America's "hostile policy" against their country and the continuing joint activities of Washington and Seoul. Russia and China have long urged the US and North Korea to accept their proposed "double freeze" plan which would see Pyongyang suspend its nuclear and ballistic missile tests in exchange for a pause in joint US-South Korea drills. That proposal, however, has firmly been rejected by the US.
The International Gymnastics Federation (FIG) has renewed a long-running sponsorship agreement with Russian bank VTB for a further year.
It extends a deal which has existed between the two parties since 2009.
As part of the latest renewal, VTB has donated $1 million (£752,000/€857,000) to FIG which will be used to develop gymnastics disciplines and for development funds worldwide.
FIG President Morinari Watanabe thanked VTG's vice president Vasily Titov for their continued support.
Titov is also a vice president of FIG and President of the Russian Gymnastics Federation.
Morinari Watanabe welcomed the continued deal ©Getty Images
They were elected as vice president of the Russian Olympic Committee yesterday when Stanislav Pozdnyakov was confirmed as Alexander Zhukov's replacement as President.
"This partnership provides precious support for us in the development of gymnastics across the world," Watanabe said.
"We are delighted with this renewal of the unswerving trust VTB has demonstrated in each of the last ten years."
A ‘sliver of grief remains' for husband after Carol Schlamp died in a tragic accident near Hope
Family, friends and colleagues who gathered Jan. 26 agreed it felt like it was just yesterday Carol Schlamp was killed in a tragic ambulance crash.
“There's a part that will never be the same. It will never forget. In other words, there's a sliver of grief that remains. It never goes away,” Pete Schlamp, husband and father of their four children Jamie, Michelle, Shawn and Wendy, said.
“When you have something like a memorial like this, then it brings to the surface things you thought you were kind of over. I think we all kind of felt the same there, we felt like ‘wow, now it feels like it happened last week'.”
It has been 25 years since the night of Jan. 26, 1993, when the ambulance Schlamp was traveling in as an attendant slammed into the rock wall of Laidlaw Bluff. They died instantly. Them colleague Scott Romine, driving the ambulance, was brought to Chilliwack General Hospital and survived.
The exact cause of the crash has never been determined, but falling rocks, rocks on the highway, speed and dark, rainy conditions were all pondered after the crash.
“There are lots of unanswered questions from the day that a lot of us have. Anybody that was around at the time,” Larry Kennedy said. They were acting unit chief of the Hope ambulance station at the time of the crash.
“That's part of the concern, for closure, none of us know one hundred per cent what happened that night.”
Many friends, family and colleagues remember the time after Carol's death as a blur or a fog.
Ambulance member Barry Stewart said Carol's death deeply affected him. They were serving their thirteenth year as an on-call driver-attendant when they got the call about the crash.
Stewart remembers the night, dark and stormy, and delivering the news to their husband Pete. They haven't taken another call since that night.
“Carol was a respected paramedic, community member and loving wife and mother. Taken way too soon. I stepped away from the service after that day. I never did another shift —but I have total admiration for those who have carried on, serving in Carol's absence,” they wrote.
Carol's friend and fellow member of a Bible study group Sandi ten Cate Brouwer may have been one of the last people to see them alive, apart from their ambulance partner.
They had planned to bake buns together that day. Carol got called out so they came by ten Cate Brouwer's home to reschedule.
“It was the first significant loss for me,” ten Cate Brouwer said, adding the memories of spending time in Carol's kitchen, baking buns, are some of the fondest memories they hold.
“How they opened up their home and knew that Michelle would take care of the kids just so that them and I could visit, because they knew that was important. They were just so kind and thoughtful and loving. It was a huge loss,” they said.
Kennedy, who has remained in the ambulance service since, remembers them as a paramedic who was in the job for the right reason.
“She was very calm, very reserved. They obviously had a very strong belief…very strong faith and they were just a very calm person, very good at their job” they said.
“One of the people that did the job for the right reasons. They had no interest in screaming around with sirens to a call. They did it kind of as a community service.”
At the time, the ambulance service relied on people who lived locally and were able to step in part-time.
Schlamp hadn't been with the ambulance service long. After eight months serving in Vanderhoof, Schlamp joined the Hope unit in the fall of 1989. They died at age 38.
Four days after the crash, ambulance personnel lined 3 Avenue in Hope to pay tribute to a fallen colleague. Close to 800 people attended Schlamp's funeral in what was both a community tragedy and a jarring event for the B.C. ambulance service.
Schlamp was the third member of the service to lose their lives while on duty, since then seven more B.C. paramedics have died while performing their life-saving work.
The tragedy hit the Schlamp family hard, Pete Schlamp said, adding it was a difficult few years after their death for them and their four children. They remember the support they received from the pastor at the Grace Baptist Church at the time, with funeral preparations, comfort and keeping the family fed.
“The church brought us supper for quite some time and at least then we ate. A person doesn't have much of an appetite when you're in such grief,” Schlamp said.
They also remember the ambulance community and church friends coming together to help the family through a devastating time. Schlamp said they are a strong believer in God, this has helped them through the tragedy of losing Carol.
“Grief is difficult but it's good, it's necessary. To avoid the difficulty would be to avoid healing. So all of the difficulties are healing, providing you are working with the healing and not against it,” they said.
Kennedy keeps Carol's memory alive by visiting the site of the crash each year on Jan. 26. They also share their story with younger ambulance members who weren't in the service at the time of Schlamp's death.
“The circumstances are important to remember, for our people and I'm hoping that the young people that didn't know them will hear about it, realize the story and think of issues,” they said.
“There are all sorts of issues our people need to think about when they're behind the wheel of an ambulance.”
Is there more to this story?
emelie.peacock@hopestandard.com
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter
Friends, colleagues and B.C. Ambulance Service members pay tribute to a fallen friend and colleague twenty five years to the day of their death, Jan. 26. Wanda Kennedy photo
Pete Schlamp kneels beside Carol Schlamp's memorial plaque surrounded by roses, with an ambulance dedicated to them behind him. The memorial service took place Friday, 25 years since Carol's death in a sudden ambulance crash at Laidlaw bluff. Barry Stewart photo
The ambulance after it went off the road and crashed into Laidlaw bluff. Carol Schlamp was killed instantly and driver Scott Romine was taken to hospital. The exact cause of the crash was never determined, something Larry Kennedy, acting director of the Hope ambulance station at the time, says they still think about. Hope Standard archive photo
SANTA RITA, Guam (Feb.10, 2017) Military Sealift Command personnel, assigned to the submarine tender USS Frank Cable (AS 40) prepare to on-load MK 48 torpedoes aboard Frank Cable, February 10. Frank Cable is one of two forward-deployed submarine tenders in the U.S. 7th Fleet area of operations and conducts maintenance and support of deployed U.S. naval force submarines and surface vessels in the Indo-Asia-Pacific region. (U.S. Navy photo by Mass Communication Specialist 3rd Class Alana Langdon/Released)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 02.10.2017 Date Posted: 02.15.2017 06:07 Photo ID: 3166742 VIRIN: 170210-N-DA434-005 Resolution: 4928x3264 Size: 1.67 MB Location: GU Web Views: 0 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, Submarine Exercise Torpedos Transferred to Frank Cable [Image 1 of 2], by SN Alana Langdon, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
FILE PHOTO: The Vogtle Unit 3 and 4 sites, being constructed by primary contactor Westinghouse, a business unit of Toshiba, near Waynesboro, Georgia, U.S. is seen in an aerial photo taken February 2017. Georgia Power/Handout via REUTERS
DOVER, Del Westinghouse Electric Co LLC and Chicago Bridge & Iron Co NV (CBI.N) squared off in Delaware Supreme Court on Wednesday in a $2 billion dispute over the huge nuclear power plant cost overruns that led Westinghouse to file for bankruptcy in March.
The two sides are sparring over a 2015 deal in which Chicago Bridge & Iron, or CB&I, sold Westinghouse its Shaw nuclear construction business. Westinghouse paid nothing up front, but agreed to accept all liabilities related to cost overruns at two power plants Shaw was building in partnership with Westinghouse in Georgia and South Carolina.
The deal was meant to get the two power plant projects back on schedule.
Shaw was spending millions of dollars weekly on construction, and between the deal signing and closing, the two sides agreed to adjust the purchase price after closing. The price would account for changes in Shaw's cash position, among other fluctuations in the business.
Westinghouse said last year CB&I owed it $2 billion. CB&I, on the other hand, estimated it was owed $428 million and in July sued Westinghouse, which is majority owned by Toshiba Corp of Japan (6502.T). CB&I argued Westinghouse was improperly lowering the purchase price by citing liabilities that were disclosed when the deal was agreed.
Westinghouse disagreed and convinced a judge on the lower Court of Chancery the case had to be dismissed and heard by an independent auditor. CB&I appealed.
CB&I argued on Wednesday that even if the dispute goes to an independent auditor, a judge should determine if Westinghouse can bring the claims for billions of dollars. It has argued that Westinghouse is essentially trying to recut the deal.
Chief Justice Leo Strine pressed the parties several times to explain why the case should not be returned to the lower court for discovery and a possible trial to determine the intent of the parties when they drafted the Shaw sale agreement.
"Could it be argued you both have reasonable positions and we should consider the negotiation history?" Strine asked.
Westinghouse blamed its March bankruptcy filing on spiraling costs at the nuclear power projects, which the Pittsburgh-based company said only became completely clear after the Shaw deal.
The nuclear power plants are estimated to be $13 billion over budget and at least three years behind schedule, and may not be completed.
The Delaware Supreme Court often takes months to rule.
(Reporting by Tom Hals in Wilmington, Delaware; editing by Grant McCool)
The Keller softball team was one of several girls' teams at the school to have a successful 2017, as the Lady Indians won state for the second year running. Brian Gosset bgosset@star-telegram.com
There's nothing like a good dose of nostalgia to start your weekend off right, so if you haven't done so already, you should immediately watch the trailer for Hey Arnold: The Jungle Movie Nickelodeon released today.
The popular '90s cartoon sang its swan song in 2004, but now Arnold, Helga, Gerald and the rest of the crew are back, and they're about to answer a question the original TV series always left hanging: What the heck happened to Arnold's parents?!
When the show first began, Arnold was a well-behaved tween, living with their grandparents in an inner-city boarding house. The residents of the boarding house became their found family, but the show never really addressed why they were living with their grandparents in the first place. We only know that Arnold's parents were explorers in Africa.
Best New Shows Fall 2017
The trailer for the revival film fills in many much needed details regarding this mystery, like the fact that their parents disappeared in San Lorenzo when Arnold was still a baby. Thanks to a conveniently planned school trip, Arnold will soon head off on a crazy expedition through the jungle to find their long lost parents!
Fans of the original shouldn't expect all the voices of your favorite characters to sound exactly the same though. A whole new cast of kid voices has been pulled together for the film, but Lane Toran (the original voice of Arnold) and Jamil Walker Smith (the original voice of Gerald) will lend their voices as Che and Paulo, two members of the boat crew in San Lorenzo.
Hey Arnold!: The Jungle Movie premieres Friday, Nov. 24 at 7/6c on Nickelodeon, TeenNick and Nicktoons.
By ARTHUR L. MACK
Staff Writer
MOBILE — Mobile City Council members passed an amendment to the city code for the removal of inoperable motor vehicles as public nuisances during their regular meeting on Tuesday.
Under the current ordinance, the city will have the authority to remove inoperable vehicles from private property. The owner will be given 30 days from the date the notice is received to move the vehicle from said property or cause the vehicle to be stored in an enclosed building completely shielded from view of individuals on the adjoining properties.
The amendment allows owners of said vehicles to come before the city council before the 30-day time period expires in order to appeal the notice.
“Basically, it changed the order of how the ordinance works,” said councilman John Williams. “It changed the order of when people come to us. They can come to us before the cars are taken within the first 30 days. It gives time for them to appeal the notice.”
Meanwhile, Mark Bass, a member of International Longshoremen's Association Local 1410, addressed the council, advocating for better pay and benefits for the city's public service workers. They said while other city workers such as police officers and firefighters were getting pay raises and bonuses, public service workers were not.
“Today, I come as an advocate for fair play for all workers of the city of Mobile,” they said. “I'm dismayed that the workers who are responsible for the upkeep of this city are being excluded from this revival. As a member of one of the most powerful commerce organizations in the country, I pledge allegiance to public works employees to receive benefits and fair pay.”
Bass asked councilmembers to adopt a resolution to find a way to get public service workers better pay. Otherwise, they would get the community involved.
“If a resolution cannot be passed, I'll be calling for community action to bring attention to this matter,” they said.
In other business, councilmembers authorized Mayor Sandy Stimpson to apply, accept and receive funding from the Department of Homeland Security's fiscal year 2017 Staffing for Adequate Fire and Emergency Response (SAFER) in the amount of $2,143,836. Of that, $1,322,033 will be in grant funds and the local match will be $821,803. Under the grant the city will be allowed to hire 12 additional firefighters.
“It will supplement their salaries over a three-year period,” said Public Safety Director James Barber. “We'll take over the salaries in the fourth year. It goes from supplementing the salaries at 75 percent in the first year, to 50 percent in the second year, and then to like 35 percent in the third year. In the fourth year, we take over the salaries.
Barber said the application process will take about 2-3 months and then the city will be notified as to if the application is approved.
Malawi has the capacity to produce all kinds of crops and livestock if irrigation farming was scaled up, Greenbelt Authority chief executive officer Henrie Njoloma has said.
In ensuring food sustenance, former president the late Bingu wa Mutharika launched the Greenbelt Initiative (GBI) along the fresh water Lake Malawi and other irrigable areas.
Njoloma in an interview in light of the recent visit to the Salima Sugar Factory, a joint venture between Uym Sugar Limited and the Greenbelt Initiative Holdings Limited, said the authority has over 24 000 hectares of land available for irrigation farming and challenged investors both locally and internationally to invest in various irrigation projects.
“We desire to create wealth for Malawians. We have the land and we have the water and we guarantee them security for their investment and market for their products.
“We are constantly in touch with the government on funding issues and they have promised to look into our needs. We are sure we will get the funding we desire and Malawi will not be the same in the next few years in terms of commercial irrigation farming,” they said.
In the trial period of production of 2015 to 2017, Salima Sugar Factory has produced over 8 000 metric tonnes. The sugar is sold locally.
The company has over 500 hectares of land being cultivated by smallholder farmers and over 1 000 hectares allocated to medium scale farmers. The 4 000 hactares of the land is under the Salima sugar.
Parliamentary Committee on Governance, Quality Assurance and Public Sector Reforms has since applauded the Greenbelt Authority for the 6 000 hectares Salima Sugar project.
The multi-billion kwacha sugar factory already started producing and marketing sugar, and according to committee chairperson Aufi Mpaweni, the business model at Salima Sugar Factory must be replicated in other potential irrigation sites.
In an interview on Wednesday, Mpaweni said the project has an enormous economic potential.
Speaking separately, Amos Mailosi, who is a member of the committee, said the irrigation project at Salima Sugar Factory was a model that must be supported because it has the potential to turn around the economy.
“What we have seen, is contrary to what people say. This project truly represents the aspirations of this nation to become an export country. Value addition is taking place here and unemployment levels have reduced in the district,” they said.
The post ‘Malawi should focus on irrigation farming' appeared first on The Nation Online.
Source link
New Delhi: India is the third most optimistic nation in hiring intentions as 22 percent of employers are expected to add more staff in the next three months while Taiwan topped the pack, says a survey.
According to the survey released today by leading staffing consultancy ManpowerGroup India, workforce gains were expected across all seven industry sectors monitored and in all four regions.
The survey -- which was conducted among over 4,500 employers across the country in various segments of industries -- noted that opportunities for job-seekers are expected to be slightly stronger than they were in the previous quarter.
Taiwan with a net employment outlook of 25 percent topped the list of being most optimistic in terms of hiring intentions for the next three months, followed by Japan (24 percent) and India (22 percent) in second and third positions, respectively.
Globally, ManpowerGroup interviewed nearly 59,000 employers across 43 countries and territories and noted that companies in Australia, Japan, Norway, Poland, Romania and the United States reported their strongest hiring plans in five years or more.
Moreover, the job market volatility recently observed in some countries -- most notably in Brazil, China and India -- "is declining", it noted.
"There are continuous ongoing measures to encourage industries to expand their operations, which in turn will help boost the job market. Employer hiring intentions remain positive in all seven sectors, primarily driven by services, mining and construction, manufacturing, and transportation and utilities sectors," said A G Rao, Group Managing Director at ManpowerGroup India.
Workforce gains were expected in all seven industry sectors during January-March while services employers reported the strongest net employment outlook of 27 percent.
Moreover, employers forecast payroll gains in all the four regions during the first quarter of 2018. The strongest labour market is anticipated in the north, where the net employment outlook stands at 32 percent.
Rao, however, added that this current job environment is conducive to employees who showcase high learnability and the ability to re-skill themselves rapidly.
"Job-seekers and fresh graduates need to possess the desire and ability to learn new skills to stay relevant and remain employable. The challenge is to stay ahead at this time along with other factors such as global demographical shifts and the growing competition," they added.
3:16 Mac Attack says Romo looked good but Dak earned this Pause
1:24 Tony Romo says they showed they can be the same guy
3:10 2005 Cross Plains fire changed town, and volunteer fire department
2:07 Are the Dallas Cowboys still America's Team?
1:35 Police Athletic League starts boxing program
0:26 TRE train kills woman who fell onto tracks
2:59 Cullen Davis on meeting with John Farr
1:59 Cullen Davis on the murder victims: 'That's ancient history'
1:03 Oversized coats are winter's ultimate wrap star
Pat Hickey
Montreal Gazette
NASHVILLE — Defenceman P.K. Subban will be not be in the lineup when the Nashville Predators play the Canadiens Tuesday (8 p.m., RSE, RDS, TSN 690 Radio).
Subban, who has missed the past seven games with an upper-body injury, was placed on the injured reserve list Sunday. The Predators said Subban's condition will be evaluated over the next 2-3 weeks.
The Predators have been playing it close to the vest when it comes to the exact nature of Subban's injury, but there has been speculation that the former Canadien has a herniated disc in their back.
Subban last played on Dec. 15 when they logged more than 25 minutes of ice time. They have been listed as day-to-day, but there has been no improvement in their condition. They skated twice on the weekend, but had to stop on both occasions.
The Predators are hoping that their condition will improve with rest but, if that doesn't work, they could be facing season-ending surgery.
There was anticipation surrounding Tuesday's game because it would have been the first meeting between the teams since the Canadiens traded Subban to Nashville for Shea Weber.
Nashville coach Peter Laviolette said Sunday that the decision to place Subban on the injured reserved list hasn't changed anything.
“It's not like they just got hurt,” said Laviolette. “We haven't had them for a while and that's given other guys a chance to step up.”
Weber has averaged 26 minutes a game and has nine goals, 12 assists and a plus-16 rating. They lead NHL defencemen with eight power-play goals. Subban has averaged 25 minutes a game and has seven goals and 10 assists with a minus-11 rating.
phickey@postmedia.com
Twitter.com/zababes1
Photo: Matthew Stockman/Getty Images
Britain and the EU have agreed to a transition period to avoid a "cliff edge" Brexit next year - though only after London accepted a potential solution for Northern Ireland's land border that may face stiff opposition at home.
The pound surged on confirmation that Britain would remain effectively a non-voting EU member for 21 months until the end of 2020. Some business leaders, however, echoed a warning from EU negotiator Michel Barnier that the deal is legally binding only if London agrees the whole withdrawal treaty by next March.
That means solving outstanding issues, notably how to avoid a "hard border" that could disrupt peace in Northern Ireland. Britain says an EU-UK free trade deal to be sealed by 2021 can do that. But Dublin insists the Brexit treaty must lock in a "backstop" arrangement in case that future pact does not work.
Both sides are committed to keeping a free flow of people and goods over the intra-Irish border without returning to checkpoints, as during the three decades of violence in Northern Ireland. However, finding a practical solution for any customs checks needed post-Brexit has proved elusive so far.
The dispute with Ireland had threatened to derail May's hopes of a formal political endorsement of the transition deal by EU leaders when they meet in Brussels on Friday. A weekend of intensive talks, however, has broken the deadlock - for now.
Prime Minister Theresa May, who relies on pro-British Northern Ireland members of parliament to pass their Brexit legislation, had rejected a fallback proposed by Brussels three weeks ago. They said an EU offer to keep Northern Ireland under EU trade rules would isolate the province from the mainland.
However, their Brexit Secretary David Davis, in Brussels, has now signed up to following similar principles as negotiators resume work to find an "operational" compromise. Dublin said it was happy to accept as it bound London in to not "backsliding" on pledges May had made on the issue in December..
"We agree on the need to include legal text detailing the 'backstop' solution for the border," Davis told a news conference with Barnier. "But it remains our intention to achieve a partnership that is so close as to not require specific measures in relation to Northern Ireland."
The question will remain as to whether negotiations on the future trade partnership between Britain and the EU, which are expected to start only next month after EU leaders endorse Barnier's negotiating guidelines on Friday, can produce results - and quickly enough to avoid having language in the withdrawal treaty that Britain, and May's Belfast allies, cannot accept.
Them Democratic Unionist Party allies said the "announcement" did not concern them as it left the border issue unresolved.
Longer term, the transition deal may buy people time but business still faces a "cliff edge" of uncertainty come 2021.
Whaleoil General Debate is brought to you by
use coupon code WHALE OIL to get 10% off e-cigarettes and e-liquids
Morning everyone, and welcome to Whaleoil's daily General Debate post (another one called Backchat will start at 6pm). To participate you'll need to register a free Disqus account.
There are some rules, and if there is one thing about Whaleoil that you need to know is that these rules are dispassionately and strictly enforced.
President Trump's National Security Advisor, Michael Flynn has resigned after just 25 days. The Mt Vernon officer who was shot in the head will be returning home from the hospital today! And we now have the first black Bachelorette ever! Listen here!
On Tuesday, Facebook announced that it will allow people to appeal decisions to remove questionable content on the social media platform.
"For the first time we're giving you the right to appeal our decisions on individual posts so you can ask for a second opinion when you think we've made a mistake," Facebook Vice President of Global Policy Management Monika Bickert wrote in a Tuesday blog post.
"We decided to publish these internal guidelines for two reasons. First, the guidelines will help people understand where we draw the line on nuanced issues. Second, providing these details makes it easier for everyone, including experts in different fields, to give us feedback so that we can improve the guidelines — and the decisions we make — over time," the post adds.
Facebook also describes its content policy team in the post, which consists of people who are subject-matter experts on various issues including hate speech, child safety and terrorism. These experts collaborate with experts and organizations outside Facebook in order to "better understand different perspectives on safety and expression."
"We know we need to do more," Bickert wrote. "That's why, over the coming year, we are going to build out the ability for people to appeal our decisions. As a first step, we are launching appeals for posts that were removed for nudity/sexual activity, hate speech or graphic violence," they added.
© REUTERS / Dado Ruvic/Illustration/File Photo German Data Protection Watchdog Initiates Data Leak Probe Against Facebook
From this point forward, if Facebook deletes a post for any of the above reasons, the person who posted the content will be notified and given a chance to ask for a second review.
"This will lead to a review by our team (always by a person), typically within 24 hours," Facebook said in its post. "If we've made a mistake, we will notify you, and your post, photo or video will be restored."
"We are working to extend this process further, by supporting more violation types, giving people the opportunity to provide more context that could help us make the right decision, and making appeals available not just for content that was taken down, but also for content that was reported and left up," Bickert said.
"We believe giving people a voice in the process is another essential component of building a fair system," they added.
© AP Photo / Kay Nietfeld Like a Boss: Facebook Users Can Have Same Privilege as Zuckerberg
The subject of what nudity is acceptable on the site has been one of the most debated. In 2016, Facebook removed a Pulitzer-prize winning photo of a naked girl fleeing a napalm attack during a 1972 strike in Vietnam. The post, which was shared by Norwegian Prime Minister Erna Solberg, was removed on the grounds of nudity. Facebook changed its mind regarding the photo after widespread backlash about decision.
The site has also been involved in multiple arguments involving photos of breastfeeding women. In 2015, Facebook changed its rules so that photos of women breastfeeding or women with post-mastectomy scarring are permitted on the site.
Facebook has been in the spotlight ever since it was revealed in March that millions of personal users' information was shared with consultancy firm Cambridge Analytica. The company reportedly received information about users through a personality app developed by Alexander Kogan, a Cambridge University researcher, and went on to use it to help predict and influence US voters.
This month, Facebook founder and CEO Mark Zuckerberg testified before Congress about the data breach.
Einstein's Brain focuses on how advances in neurology have influenced our understanding of human's as 'neurochemical selves'. Examining the recent trend to explain every aspect of personality by underlying brain processes, BBC's Geoff Bunn highlights how disciplines from aesthetics to sociology have felt the impact of neuroscience.
They acknowledge the benefits supplied by MRI scanning but points out the flaws in promoting an understanding of humanity based entirely on analysis of the brain. If the dissection of Einstein's brain were all we had to go on, we wouldn't know much about the famous physicist's life and character.
LISTEN HERE
ISLAMABAD: Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI) Chairman Imran Khan on Friday submitted in the Supreme Court details of the financial transactions between them and their former wife Jemima Khan.
The details pertain to the transfer of around £562,000 to Jemima from the account of Niazi Services Limited (NSL) — the offshore company of the PTI chief.
The court has also been informed that Jemima sent £79,000 for the design of Imran's Bani Gala estate.
The details of funds received from Jemima shown in the 2003 nomination papers submitted to the Election Commission of Pakistan are also included in the documents submitted to the court.
Moreover, Jemima's receipt of funds from the Anglo Irish Bank are also said to have been submitted.
The reply states that after the payment of the loan, the NSL account had £100,000 remaining in it which was spent on legal fees.
There was nothing left in the NSL account which Imran could have shown in their assets declarations/tax returns, the reply states, adding that Imran Khan was an MNA from 2002 to 2007 and in that time period they did not get a penny from the £100,000 nor was it a receivable.
By the time of 2013 elections, the NSL account was empty and thus nothing in it could be shown in the nomination papers for the 2013 elections.
Moreover, in the documents submitted in court, Imran has included two controversial letters said to have different signatures of the PTI chief.
On October 3, during the hearing of the case against Imran, PML-N leader Hanif Abbasi's counsel argued before the three-judge bench headed by Chief Justice Saqib Nisar that Imran is guilty of concealing NSL in their nomination papers for the 2002 and 2013 elections, as well as not declaring £100,000 present in the NSL account.
The bench then concluded the hearing with an observation that the judgement has not been reserved in the case as the court may seek an answer to any query that comes to the judges' mind at a later stage.
Sindh Chief Minister's Adviser on Information Maula Bux Chandio on Monday said that the federal government is not properly responding over the implementation of National Action Plan.
Addressing the media after the 18th meeting of Apex Committee, they censured the federal government as several banned terror outfits are holding their congregations but the government is not heeding them.
“Do these proscribed organisations enjoy the patronising by the government?” they raised questions asking, “Where is the federal interior minister?”
“Federal government did nothing in connection with the reforms of seminaries,” they remarked.
“No clear-cut policy is being framed in this connection,” they added.
“The federal government has no clear policy with regard to banned militants,” Chandio said.
“The federal government has also not fulfilled its role with regard to madrassahs,” they added.
The provincial apex committee meeting was called by Sindh CM Murad Ali Shah. The meeting focused on the overall situation of law and order in the city as well as the ongoing Karachi operation.
DG Rangers Sindh Maj. Gen. Mohammad Saeed and Karachi Corps Commander Lt. Gen. Shahid Baig attended the apex committee for the very first time after being promoted to their new ranks.
IG Sindh AD Khawaja also attended the Sindh apex committee meeting since their holiday ended today.
During the meeting, the provincial government demanded that a list of 94 madrassahs had been forwarded to the Interior Ministry and these madrassahs should be included in the first schedule. It was also discussed during the meeting that news pertaining to terrorists was still being broadcast by TV channels and that there was no ban on the misuse of the internet.
The meeting also deliberated that the federal government should crack down on illegal factories which were manufacturing arms and shut them down. The Chief Minister also expressed concern at the rising street crimes in the city and urged IG Sindh to take actions to prevent the spread of street crimes.
“I want a street-crime free Karachi,” instructed Murad Ali Shah to IG Sindh.
During the meeting, Murad Ali Shah also told IG Sindh that under no circumstances would the rising number of incidences pertaining to motorcycle theft be tolerated.
“Street criminals commit crimes and then seek refuge in Katchi abadis,” they said. “Intelligence-based operations should be increased,” they instructed IG Sindh.
HERE are seven of Toowoomba's best, and most expensive, houses on the market right now.
1. 3 Keira Court, Blue Mountain Heights
3 Keira Court, Blue Mountain Heights. Contributed
THIS four bedroom home overlooking views of the Lockyer Valley is on the market for $1.5 million.
The home, called Lumino, is described by agents McGrath as being generous in proportion and nestled in a stunning garden setting on the edge of the escarpment.
3 Keira Court, Blue Mountain Heights. Contributed
Features of the 65 sqm home include four king-sized bedrooms, three bathrooms, atrium-style living room with 27 foot high ceilings, a kitchen capturing 180 degree views and self-contained guest accomodation.
2. 27 Meehan Rd, Wellcamp
121 Tourist Rd, Rangeville. Contributed
DESCRIBED as having size, lifestyle and future capital growth, this Wellcamp home has hit the market for $1.6 million.
The five bedroom, three bathroom home is set on 7.25ha and Ray White agents said it was built sparing no expense with generous proportions for a private family retreat.
27 Meehan Rd, Wellcamp. Contributed
Features of the home include 5m high ceilings, Caesarstone bench tops, entertaining bar area, large covered outdoor area, fruit orchard, herb garden and bird averies and a fenced horse paddock.
3. 5 Nielsen Court, Middle Ridge
3 Nielsen Court, Middle Ridge. Contributed
LOCATED in one of Toowoomba's best suburbs, this Middle Ridge home set on a 4144 sqm block is priced at $1.2 million.
Agents Queensland Hot Property described the home as luxury living with the best of both worlds.
3 Nielsen Court, Middle Ridge. Contributed
The home is set in a quiet cul-de-sac surrounded by native bush land as well as offering the finest in modern living.
Features include a large kitchen, backyard entertainment area, main bedroom with walk-in-wardrobe and grand ensuite as well as a detatched garage that can be turned into a granny flat, games room or office.
4. 8 Panda St, Harristown
8 Panda St, Harristown. Contributed
WHEN you look inside this Toowoomba home it is truly like going back in time, at a price of $1.235 million.
The Smithfield Homestead is an iconic Bluestone residence that was originally by James Markets and Son for the former mayor of Toowoomba - James Taylor.
8 Panda St, Harristown. Contributed
Agents Cloud Real Estate said purchasing the property was an unmissable opportunity to seize a piece of history in a central Toowoomba location.
Features of the home include 4m ceilings, chandeliers, wide verandahs, ballroom and six bedrooms.
5. 6 Sherwood St, Mount Lofty
6 Sherwood St, Mount Lofty. Contributed
THIS Tuscan style home was designed and built by multi award winning builder Jeff Bubeck from Downs Designer Homes and is now on the market for $1.1 million.
Agents from York Realty described the five bedroom and three bathroom home as having a large family rumpus room and breath taking central atrium with cathedral-like 17 foot ceilings.
6 Sherwood St, Mount Lofty. Contributed
Other features of the home include wrought iron stair case, home theatre, outdoor entertainment area, granite kitchen and three-car garages.
6. 25 Margaret St, East Toowoomba
25 Margaret St, East Toowoomba. Contributed
WITH a prime position in Toowomba, this English colonial property is going for offers above $1.195 million.
Agents PRDnationwide said the property, Beccles, was a stunning fusion of architectural and interior design that had been passionately renovated and extended to provide five-star family living.
25 Margaret St, East Toowoomba. Contributed
The house is set on 1212 sqm of terraced gardens with bluestone walls and five separate paved garden areas.
The home also features three seperate living areas, large kitchen with a butler's pantry, polished floors and high ceilings.
7. 121 Tourist Rd, Rangeville
121 Tourist Rd, Rangeville. Contributed
ANOTHER property located in one of Toowoomba's prime areas is currently on the market via expressions of interest.
Agents Webster Cavanagh said the breathtaking 1950s brick residence was set on a magnificent 3035 sqm allotment surrounded by establish gardens in one of Toowoomba's most prestigious locations.
121 Tourist Rd, Rangeville. Contributed
The 267 sqm home features four bedrooms, three bathrooms, multiple living spaces, open-plan kitchen, undercover outdoor entertaining area, in ground floor heating and is only minutes to Picnic Point.
NEW: Morgan Freeman releases statement through spokesperson following report of alleged inappropriate behavior and harassment.
"I apologize to anyone who felt uncomfortable or disrespected — that was never my intent." pic.twitter.com/s7LeHwZqxj — ABC News (@ABC) May 24, 2018
CNN entertainment reporter @Chloe_Melas describes their experience with Morgan Freeman at a press junket: "As soon as I walked into the room, Alisyn, they started to make sexual comments to me and one of those was caught on tape." https://t.co/Bv3ujakGFl pic.twitter.com/GqonBChsea — New Day (@NewDay) May 25, 2018
Morgan Freeman is demanding an apology following a CNN report that they sexually harassed and behaved inappropriately toward women.In a 10-page letter released by their attorney on Tuesday, Freeman demanded an immediate apology and a retraction from CNN. The letter called the report a "product of malicious intent, falsehoods, slight-of-hand, an absence of editorial control, and journalistic malpractice."The report, published last week , followed interviews with eight people who said the 80-year-old Oscar winner had either exhibited inappropriate behavior with them or harassed them. CNN also interviewed eight witnesses. Among the accusers was a production assistant who said that on one occasion Freeman "kept trying to lift up my skirt and asking if I was wearing underwear."Freeman released a statement on the day the report was published, apologizing "to anyone who felt uncomfortable or disrespected."A day later they told ABC News that the report "devastated" him, adding that "it is not right to equate horrific incidents of sexual assault with misplaced compliments or humor."In the letter, attorney Robert Schwartz echoed these sentiments, writing, "Mr. Freeman is being viewed in the global court of public opinion as someone akin to notorious harassers and accused rapists, such as Harvey Weinstein and Kevin Spacey. CNN had no justification for doing that."After the letter was released, CNN said in a statement to ABC News that it stands by the report. The CNN statement reads:One of the accusers in the report was Chloe Melas, a CNN entertainment reporter who co-authored the article. They said that Freeman had made inappropriate comments to them during a press junket, and this interaction was the catalyst for the investigation.Melas, who was pregnant at the time, said Freeman told her, "You are ripe." They also said multiple variations of "I wish I was there," they said, one of which was caught on camera.In the letter, Schwartz wrote that Melas "set out on a crusade to vilify him." They wrote that Freeman's comment had been in response to a story that co-star Michael Caine was telling about accidentally congratulating a woman who was not pregnant.In an earlier interview with CNN, Melas said that Freeman had also made similar comments before Caine told their story but that cameras had not been rolling.After CNN responded to the letter, Freeman's attorney fired back with another statement, which read in part:
MINNEAPOLIS (AP) — LeBron James had 25 points, 14 assists and eight rebounds to turn back a charge from Andrew Wiggins and help the Cleveland Cavaliers to a 116-108 victory over the Minnesota Timberwolves on Tuesday night.
Channing Frye had 21 points and 10 rebounds while starting for All-Star Kevin Love, who will miss at least the next six weeks after having surgery on their left knee. Kyre Irving scored 25 points for the Cavs and James sealed the victory with a stepback 3-pointer with two minutes to play.
Wiggins scored 41 points against the team that drafted them and Karl-Anthony Towns scored 26 for the Wolves, who finished a six-game homestand at 2-4. The Wolves allowed Cleveland to shoot 51 percent and hit 13 3s.
James tried to calm the Cavs on Tuesday morning when they found out they would be without Love for the stretch run in an Eastern Conference race that is suddenly tight with the Boston Celtics and Washington Wizards right on their heels. They said that as long as he's on the floor, the Cavs will always have a chance to win, and no one doubts him.
They took their time to get going, choosing to get others involved, including with a no-look pass through Wiggins' legs to a diving Derrick Williams for a layup in the second quarter. They threw down two soaring dunks later in the third and added a Jordan-like reverse layup as part of a highlight-filled night.
The Cavs appeared to be pulling away when they opened a 14-point lead in the third quarter, but Wiggins exploded for 20 points in the period to make it a game. They hit a 3-pointer and beat the buzzer on a long 2 to tie it at 93 going into the fourth.
Wiggins was chosen by the Cavs No. 1 overall three years ago, but that was before James made their surprising return to Cleveland. The Cavs traded Wiggins to Minnesota for Love and Wiggins has always given them their best punch. They entered the night averaging 27.6 points per game against them, their highest scoring average against any team in the league.
The Wolves missed two open 3-pointers that would have tied the game in the final four minutes, but James hit theirs from deep and Williams got a steal and a layup to hold off the Wolves.
TIP-INS
Cavaliers: F Iman Shumpert played 25 minutes after missing the previous three games with a sprained left ankle. … Williams scored 13 points off the bench against the team that drafted them No. 2 overall. … Tristan Thompson had 14 points and 11 boards.
Timberwolves: SG Zach LaVine had surgery in Los Angeles on Tuesday to reconstruct the torn ACL in their left knee.  They are expected to miss nine months while recovering. … Ricky Rubio had 16 assists and eight rebounds, but was just 2 for 8 from the field.
UP NEXT
Cavaliers: Cleveland heads back home to face Indiana on Wednesday for its final game before the All-Star break.
Timberwolves: Minnesota flies to Denver for a game Wednesday night in a key game for the Wolves against the Nuggets, who currently own the eighth seed in the West.
CLOSE Top stories for Monday, Dec. 11 Wochit
Buy Photo Newark police, with assistance from state and county police, have arrested the two people they believe robbed the TD Bank on East Delaware Avenue Monday afternoon. The arrest was made in Wilmington Manor, about 10 miles from the crime scene. (Photo: Adam Duvernay/The News Journal)Buy Photo
Newark police have in custody two people they believe robbed a bank Monday.
Details still are emerging about the incident, but Newark Police Sgt. Gerald Bryda said the TD Bank at 230 E. Delaware Ave. was robbed just before 1 p.m.
Newark police, New Castle County Police and Delaware State Police made the arrest on residential Sykes Road in Wilmington Manor, about 10 miles away.
The investigation is ongoing and more details will be released as they become available.
More: Dagsboro men charged for church, business burglaries
Contact Adam Duvernay at aduvernay@delawareonline.com or (302) 319-1855 or @duvINdelaware.
Read or Share this story: http://www.delawareonline.com/story/news/crime/2017/12/11/newark-bank-robbery-suspects-custody/941521001/
In just over a month we'll see the Samsung Galaxy Note 9 announced on stage in New York, and we already know a lot about the phone. The latest leak even seems to confirm the color range for it.
Russian tech site Hi-Tech.Mail has found some high-quality renders of the upcoming phone showing it off in five different shades.
It's seemingly set to come in blue, copper, silver, violet and black. That's not a remarkably different line-up to the black, gold, grey and blue versions of the Galaxy Note 8, but the actual colors themselves look to have changed a bit.
The Note 9 in blue, copper, silver, violet and black. Credit: Hi-Tech.Mail
The colors are more similar to the Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus range, but there have been some changes to make the more intense shades much brighter and bolder on the Note 9.
There's obviously no guarantee this will be Samsung's final line-up of colors at the launch, and it may be that we don't see all of these colors launch in every territory.
Not everywhere
In fact, Samsung is prone to releasing some colors just in select markets. Considering how Samsung usually treats its colors, we wouldn't expect to be able to buy the violet shade of the phone in every market around the world.
We've also seen a new benchmarking stat for the Samsung Galaxy Note 9 through Geekbench - and spotted by SamMobile - that claims the Exynos 9810 version of the phone will be able to reach a single-core score of 3,716.
That's quite a bit better than a previous benchmarking score we saw for the same version of the phone, which had a single-core score of 2,737. The listing also provides further evidence that the phone will have 6GB of RAM, which is something we've heard before in previous leaks.
Expect lots more Galaxy Note 9 rumors and leaks in the coming weeks ahead of the August 9 launch.
Via PocketNow
St. Jude Children's Research Hospital researchers have used systems biology approaches to reveal key details about regulation of immune function, including T cells that are central to cancer immunotherapy
Like exposing a crime boss whose authority has gone undetected, St. Jude Children's Research Hospital scientists have identified a hidden driver that influences production of the T cells that fight cancer and infections. The study appears today as an advance online publication in the journal Nature.
The hidden drivers are kinases (enzymes) Mst1 and Mst2. Researchers showed Mst1 and Mst2 work together to regulate the function of different dendritic cell types (subsets). Dendritic cells are key regulators of the adaptive immune system, including the T cells that are central to cancer immunotherapy.
"Dendritic cells are crucial for activating the adaptive immune response, including priming anti-tumor T cells," said Hongbo Chi, Ph.D., a member of the St. Jude Department of Immunology. "But regulation of the distinct functions of different dendritic cell subsets have been poorly understood. We wanted to change that.
"These findings provide clues for new treatment strategies for cancer or immune disorders by modulating the activity of dendritic cells to shape the immune response," said Chi, who is co-corresponding author of the research with Jiyang Yu, Ph.D., an assistant member of the St. Jude Department of Computational Biology. Xingrong Du, Ph.D., a postdoctoral fellow in Chi's laboratory, is the first author.
Taking a Systems Approach
A data-driven, systems biology algorithm called NetBID played a key role in the research. Yu and their colleagues developed NetBID, short for data-driven network-based Bayesian inference of drivers.
Yu and their team integrated gene expression, whole proteomics and phosphorylated proteomics data from Chi's laboratory and other sources to reverse engineer biologic networks in mouse dendritic cells. Researchers used NetBID to analyze differences in networks of the different dendritic cell subtypes. To their surprise, Mst1/2 and the Hippo signaling pathway emerged as a key regulator of dendritic cell function and the T cell response.
"The Hippo pathway is known for regulating organ size in animals, not immune function in dendritic cells," Chi said. Yu compared Mst1/2 to a crime boss whose role is concealed behind several layers of subordinates. "A data-driven systems approach gave us a way to find the hidden drivers that underlie the differential functions of the dendritic cell subsets," Yu said.
Interdisciplinary collaboration was essential to the research, Chi added.
Metabolism and Signaling
This study focused on dendritic cell subsets that have distinct effects on the immune system. One, CD8α+ dendritic cells, primes production of CD8 T cells central to fighting tumors and infections. The other, CD8α- dendritic cells, primes production of a different T cell subtype.
Researchers compared metabolic activity in the different dendritic cells and found that the CD8α+ dendritic cells were more metabolically active than CD8α- dendritic cells. They reached that conclusion by comparing oxygen metabolism in the cells' power plants, mitochondria. Investigators also showed that manipulating metabolism affected CD8α+ dendritic cell function and T cell priming.
"While metabolism is known to be important generally in the immune response, this study defines, we believe for the first time, that not only is it important in dendritic cell function, but that the two dendritic cell subsets have distinct metabolism controlled by Hippo signaling," Chi said. "In addition, we showed that manipulating metabolism directly affects function of the dendritic cell subset."
Researchers also showed that Mst1/2 played a pivotal role in cytokine signaling, which is essential for priming T cells and ensuring a robust immune response. Cytokines are small secreted molecules that modulate the immune response.
Rather than working through the conventional signaling pathways, investigators showed that Mst1/2 takes an unconventional route to prime T cells. Mst1/2 uses the NF-κB signaling pathway rather than convention pathways to trigger production of the cytokine interleukin-12 (IL-12). IL-12 promotes CD8α+ dendritic cell function and primes CD8 T cell responses.
"The research shows that Mst1/2 integrate metabolic activity and cytokine signaling to selectively drive CD8α+ dendritic cell function," Chi said.
"The NetBID algorithm can be used to mine other datasets for hidden drivers and explore biological questions," Yu said. "The algorithm has already been used to analyze network differences among different cancer subtypes or between drug-resistant and sensitive cancer patients for identification of potential therapeutic targets and biomarkers. The key is data-driven and context-specific networks," they said.
###
The other authors are Jing Wen, Yanyan Wang, Peer Karmaus, Alireza Khatamian, Haiyan Tan, Yuxin Li, Cliff Guy, Thanh-Long Nguyen, Yogesh Dhungana, Geoffrey Neale and Junmin Peng, all of St. Jude.
The study was funded in part by grants (AI105887, AI101407, CA176624, CA221290, NS064599, AG047928) from the National Institutes of Health, and ALSAC, the fundraising and awareness organization of St. Jude.
Karachi: Social media has played a strong role in shaping the modern day communication, and Pakistani users seem to be catching up.
The total number of Pakistani social media accounts crossed the 44 million mark, according to the statistics released by social media companies, a private news channel reported.
Facebook surpassed all others applications at 30 million users across Pakistan, according to stats provided by PTA as on November 15, 2016.
LiINE stood at 7.1 million users as per October 15, 2016, followed by Instagram with 3.9 million active users (source: Business Manager Dashboard).
Twitter and Snapchat trailed behind others at 3.1 million users as of July 2016 and 0.4 million users as of January 2017, respectively.
Social media in the country is frequently used for diverse purposes that include e-commerce, socio-political discussions, social vigilantism, and political activism.
One of the reasons behind increasing social media users in the country is the successful penetration of 3G/4G technology in Pakistan.
Pakistan has around 37 million mobile broadband (MBB) subscribers according to Phoneworld.com.
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
SIMFEROPOL (Sputnik) - The suggestion of Ukrainian Ambassador to Berlin Andriy Melnyk to ban German nationals from visiting Crimea is nonsense and an act of interference in Germany's internal affairs, Andreas Maurer, the head of Die Linke party group of the Quakenbruck parliament, told Sputnik.
"Ambassador Melnyk is interfering in German internal affairs. This statement is nonsense. Neither [German Chancellor Angela] Merkel nor the government or the foreign minister can ban a member of… [any local] parliament, Bundestag or any ordinary citizen from going somewhere and ask Ukraine about it," Maurer, who has visited Crimea on numerous occasions, including the Russian presidential election as an observer, said.
According to Maurer, this statement is unlikely to provoke an official response from the German government.
READ MORE: 'Crazy': Official Scolds Ukrainian MP for Wish to Deport Russians From Crimea
"I want to disappoint the ambassador of Ukraine because the new delegation will visit Crimea in April, which will include members of the Bundestag, Landtags and regional parliaments," the lawmaker said, adding that a German youth delegation plans to visit the peninsula in September.
© AP Photo/ GLOBE NEWSWIRE Not That Stealthy: Strategic US Spy Drone Reportedly Spotted Near Crimea
On Monday, Melnyk called on the German government to ban "illegal" trips by German nationals to Crimea via Russian territory.
Crimea seceded from Ukraine and reunified with Russia after more than 96 percent of local voters supported the move in a referendum in March 2014. Kiev, as well as the European Union and the United States, have not recognized the move and consider the peninsula to be an occupied territory.
Russian officials have repeatedly pointed out that the reunification took place via a referendum, which is a democratic procedure. Russian President Vladimir Putin has said that the matter of the peninsula's status was closed.
Try saying that after a couple of alcoholic beverages!The stamps above from Greece, the “Ancient Greek Coins” set, were issued in 1963. The 50 Leptas stamp has a coin from Syracuse 5th century B.C. featuring the nymph Arethusa surrounded by dolphins and on the reverse side a chariot). The 80L has a posthumously-issued Alexander the Great coin with the god Zeus on the back. Some of the same coins were also on stamps released by Greece in 1959.
Below is a very attractive 1966 Qatar set of 12 Sheik Ahmad Coin stamps printed and embossed on gold or silver foil.
In a similar vein, celebrating its fifth year of independence, Sierra Leone issued these coin stamps in 1966.
Below, stamp sheet from Sri Lanka, 2001.
And while not exactly a coin on the stamp, this from Chile in 2005 depicts the Palacio de La Moneda in the country's capital, Santiago and celebrates the building's 200th anniversary. The production of coins in Chile took place at La Moneda from 1814 to 1929.
The top two stamps of the four shown here display coins of Taiping. Released to commemorate the 100th anniversary of the Taiping peasants' uprising in 1851. Scenes from the uprising on the two stamps below them.
And among these Bermudan definitives from 1953 are four stamps with images of early “Hogge Money” (named because of the pig that appears on the reverse of the coins) from the Sommer Islands (now Bermuda).
After the controversial creation of the independent “State of Israel” in 1948, new postage stamps and coins were issued. The definitive set of stamps below features the new coinage.
And finally, these examples from Morocco, 1969. Two tete-beche pairs. The top pair of 1-dirham airmail stamps depict a 1960 King Mohammed V coin, while the
5-dirham airmail stamp depicts a 1965 King Hassan II coin.
The history behind the coins and stamps can be fascinating, and the stamps shown in this article are just the tip of the iceberg for prospective collectors of the topic.
46 total views, 0 views today
Srinagar: Pakistani troops on Monday targeted Indian posts at two places along the Line of Control (LoC) in Tangdhar sector of Jammu and Kashmir but there were no casualties.
"Pakistani troops violated ceasefire by firing towards our positions at Chath-Khadi Saidapora and Taad in Tangdhar sector at around 2.20 am," an army official said.
They said the firing lasted for more than an hour but there were no casualties.
This was the second ceasefire violation by the Pakistani troops in north Kashmir in the past 24 hours.
Yesterday, three soldiers were injured in Pakistani firing in Uri sector.
Rebalancing
Debt Growth
Global Demand
China's economy stormed back in the first quarter, clocking its first back-to-back acceleration in seven years and bolstering the global growth outlook just as signs of subdued consumer spending have surfaced in the U.S.The world's second-biggest economy accounted for about one-third of global growth last year and, given the strong first quarter data, is on track to contribute at least as much in 2017, according to Rob Subbaraman, chief economist for Asia ex-Japan at Nomura Holdings Inc. in Singapore."China, at least in the near term, is in a sweet spot with growth momentum strong and inflation pressures easing," said Subbaraman. "Whichever way you dice it, the first quarter was a strong set of numbers."The robust economic showing is an auspicious start to a politically eventful year for President Xi Jinping and Premier Li Keqiang, whose government has set a growth target of 6.5 percent or above. Policymakers are bent on steady growth to ensure a smooth leadership reshuffle expected later this year.The Chinese economy is in the midst of a major structural shift away from its past reliance on heavy manufacturing and export-led growth toward services and consumer demand. Officials are also trying to avert a trade war with the U.S., manage capital outflows amid depreciation pressure on the yuan, and slow the growth of household, corporate and government debt.For the world economy, the Chinese rebound may deliver positive second-round effects."Emerging markets will benefit from this strength in Chinese growth firstly through commodities demand and support for commodity prices," said Rajiv Biswas, Asia-Pacific chief economist at IHS Markit in Singapore. "Secondly, the whole Asian manufacturing supply chain will get a boost from stronger Chinese growth."China's imports from the Association of Southeast Nations surged 22.7 percent in March from a year earlier while those from Singapore were up 41.5 percent. From commodities exporter Australia, imports jumped almost 75 percent.The first-quarter expansion came as the real estate market shrugged off policy constraints, exports surged and retail sales rebounded. Economic growth in March from a year earlier jumped to 7.6 percent, up from 7 percent in February, according to a Bloomberg Intelligence gauge.Financial risks also were contained as nominal growth rose at the fastest pace since 2012 -- 11.8 percent in current-price terms -- making the problem of excess leverage look a little more manageable, according to Tom Orlik, chief Asia economist at Bloomberg Intelligence in Beijing. Total credit reached about 258 percent of economic output last year, up from 158 percent in 2005, according to Bloomberg Intelligence estimates.Debt financing expanded about 12 percent, roughly on par with nominal GDP growth, said William Adams, senior international economist at PNC Financial Services Group in Pittsburgh, who previously worked for the Conference Board in Beijing. In recent years, overall debt growth had been expanding faster than the overall economy."This is a big deal," they said. "The gap between nominal GDP growth and credit growth was often cited as the strongest quantitative argument that China's growth model is unsustainable. If credit growth remains moderate as it has been since mid-2015, and nominal GDP growth continues at its current pace or picks up, this vulnerability in China's growth model will seem less urgent."China's acceleration comes as U.S. inflation took a surprising step back in March at the same time as retail sales dropped for a second month, according to reports Friday. While the pullback at retailers underscored a weak first quarter for consumer spending that economists had already penciled in, the inflation data are what surprised given recent signs that businesses had been able to regain pricing power.A further cooling of price pressures and modest household demand would raise questions about whether the economy could withstand a mid-year move by the Federal Reserve to lift borrowing costs.Not all the news is good. The downside to China's acceleration is its reliance on an old formula: growth driven largely by credit-fueled investment in infrastructure and property."The first quarter figure is undoubtedly upbeat and encouraging and it seems to have changed the short-term sentiment substantially," said Zhu Ning, author of "China's Guaranteed Bubble" and deputy director of the National Institute of Financial Research at Tsinghua University in Beijing. "But a large part of growth is achieved by another unprecedentedly large fiscal stimulus, infrastructure investment, and debt escalation, which is currently being camouflaged by increasing housing prices and land values," they said.Trade tensions with the U.S. under President Donald Trump may also deteriorate again if a "100-day plan" to discuss trade fails to yield results.Though global demand will remain conducive and infrastructure investment will be robust in this political year, domestic momentum overall will ease in the second half, said Louis Kuijs, head of Asia economics at Oxford Economics in Hong Kong. That's because measures to curb house purchases in many large cities will start to weigh on real estate investment.For now though, China's expansion is a welcome boost for a global economy that's still navigating a fragile recovery as it shakes off a hangover from the global financial crisis."The upturn in Chinese growth is a very positive indicator for the Asia Pacific and world growth in 2017, as well as underpinning the near-term outlook for global commodities," said Biswas with IHS Markit.
macOS has a feature called Safe Mode that you can use to troubleshoot your Mac. You boot your Mac into Safe Mode; to do that hold down the Shift key when starting your Mac.
Samir Sitaula has a shifty problem, they think. Their Mac always seems to boot into Safe Mode They write:
The Shift key gets pressed automatically only [on my MacBook Pro] during startup, and it starts up to Safe Mode. After that, the Shift works.
The problem can't be a driver issue with the keyboard, since the laptop comes with on built-in. If the Shift key worked erratically or continued to seem to be depressed after startup, then you would want to clean or replace the keyboard.
If you have any external USB devices plugged in, however, remove those and restart to see if the problem persists.
Try resetting the NVRAM (or PRAM on older Macs) and then the SMC (System Management Controller). Apple hasinstructions.
If that doesn't work, it's possible that a system-level setting was changed, however unlikely that might be. Apple has a support page that explains several ways to use the nvram command-line utility to modify behavior at startup when you can't connect a keyboard to your Mac (see the bottom of this FAQ).
You can force a Mac to start in safe mode by using this command at the prompt in the Terminal app (and entering your macOS password when prompted):
sudo nvram boot-args="-x"
You can reverse out of that by entering, which disables Safe Mode:
sudo nvram boot-args=""
Try that sequence and then restart to see if it clears the state. If not, I'd actually now enable verbose mode on your Mac alongside safe mode by entering:
sudo nvram boot-args="-x -v"
and restarting. The verbose mode dumps system startup and diagnostic messages, and it might tell you if something's wrong that's causing your Mac to always start up in Safe Mode.
Ask Mac 911
We've compiled a list of the questions we get asked most frequently along with answers and links to columns: read our super FAQ to see if your question is covered. If not, we're always looking for new problems to solve! Email yours to mac911@macworld.com including screen captures as appropriate. Mac 911 can't reply to—nor publish an answer to—every question, and we don't provide direct troubleshooting advice.
Will Patterson
A&E EDITOR
Video game studios have been cashing in on nostalgia for years. “Super Mario Odyssey” plays on the mechanics and themes that were present in the Mario games adults grew up with. This isn't Nintendo's first attempt, but “Super Mario Odyssey” hits the mark.
“Super Mario Odyssey” came out for the Nintendo Switch on Oct. 27 and has since been met with sweeping critical success and for good reason, too. The game resurrects the since-lost magic of “Super Mario 64” and “Super Mario Sunshine.”
The premise of the game is like a typical Mario game. Princess Peach is abducted by Bowser and Mario must venture across several different themed worlds to save them Unlike previous games, they are accompanied by a magical hat named Cappy. Cappy takes the form of Mario's hat and gives players access to new abilities.
These new abilities are what make this game stand out. Cappy gives players the chance to “possess” other characters in the game. This mechanic is used to solve puzzles, fight bosses and find al-ternate paths to objectives. With the encounter of every enemy, a whole new way to explore and play through the world is unlocked. Sometimes it's necessary and other times it's just a fun alternative.
An immediately noticeable difference in “Super Mario Odyssey” is the presence of moons instead of the classic stars. Throughout the game, these are the player's primary objective.
Like past Mario games, there are far more moons in the game than are needed to finish it. While players can finish the game's main plot with a little over 100 moons, there are over 900 total. Many of these first become unlocked after beating the original storyline, giving re-playability to old zones.
Despite all its impressive features, “Super Mario Odyssey” does come with some drawbacks. One issue present in plenty of Nintendo games is the use of motion controls. It seems every Nintendo Switch game is pushing some motion controls. While these aren't that intrusive in the main game-play, they do limit players who don't or can't use them.
Even with its flaws, this game will be remembered as one of the best Mario games ever produced. With any luck, it will set an example for future games in the franchise.
For hardcore Nintendo fans and college students looking to relive childhood nostalgia alike, “Su-per Mario Odyssey” is a game to consider. Most students probably won't find themselves in possession of a Nintendo Switch anytime soon, but UNO's Criss Library currently has the console available for check out.
Comments
comments
DENVER – A federal jury in Denver is now deciding whether a former Denver radio DJ groped Taylor Swift at a photo-shoot before a June 2013 concert, and whether Swift's mother and manager influenced the decision by the DJ's company to fire them because of the allegations.
Jury deliberations got underway around 1 p.m. Monday on the sixth day of the trial, and came after closing arguments from Swift's attorney, Doug Baldridge, and DJ David Mueller's attorney, Gabe McFarland. They also came after a conference in which the attorneys and judge decided on the jury instructions.
Read the jury instructions in the case here.
Click here to read the verdict form.
The closing arguments from each side mirrored what they each pushed for during the four days of witness testimony and cross-examination. Taylor Swift rolled their eyes at much of Mueller's attorney's statements, and also cried on several occasions as both attorneys recounted the alleged incident.
Mueller's attorney says Swift lied about alleged grope
McFarland was the first to go, and laid out their reasoning why David Mueller did not grab Swift's rear end on June 2, 2013, and why Andrea Swift and Frank Bell allegedly got Mueller fired from the Denver radio station, KYGO.
“I don't know what kind of person grabs a woman…but it's not that guy,” McFarland said, pointing to Mueller. “It's not the guy who files a lawsuit and…fights to clear their name for two years, and it's not a guy who grabs or gropes a superstar apparently out of the blue.”
They brought up the notorious photo of Swift, Mueller and Mueller's girlfriend, Shannon Melcher, and told the jury there was “no way” Mueller's hand was under Swift's skirt—contending that their skirt isn't ruffled in the photo and that Mueller's hand wasn't “low enough” to be under their skirt.
“Look at Ms. Swift's face and ask yourself, ‘Is that the face of someone who just had a strange man grab their butt? Is that the face of someone who is in shock at what just happened, who's upset?'” McFarland told the jury. “That's the face of someone taking a photograph…participating in a meet-and greet. There's nothing to suggest in Ms. Swift's face that anything inappropriate has happened. . . . I would submit it's not plausible that someone, even who's taken as many photos as Ms. Swift, can avoid that shock when something like this happens…it just doesn't make sense.”
They went on to call Stephanie Simbeck, who took the photo, the “least credible witness” at the trial, saying their testimony made “no sense whatsoever” and that thus, the Swift team's story doesn't add up. They said that Simbeck was only making their testimony because they still work for Swift and that they “wants to keep that job.”
McFarland called Melcher the “most-credible witness.”
“Nobody saw what Ms. Swift said happened because it didn't happen,” McFarland argued.
McFarland also argued that Mueller never changed their story, as multiple witnesses have alleged, and that Mueller “didn't do it for money,” referring to the filing of the lawsuit, because they wouldn't want to jeopardize their “dream job” at KYGO.
“Why would Ms. Swift lie? I don't know,” McFarland said. “I'm sure they think it's true, but the photograph shows otherwise.”
And they maintained that Andrea Swift and Bell directly influenced KYGO general manager Bob Call to fire Mueller over the allegations when Bell told Call they expected KYGO to “take action” and “do the right thing.”
“All of those terms are code for, ‘We want you to fire this guy.' There's no other way to read that,” McFarland said.
Swift's attorney: Case is of ‘immeasurable value'
But Swift's attorney, Doug Baldridge, flipped McFarland's claims on their head immediately, and laid out the case as a sexual assault instance that many women have dealt with.
“Will aggressors like David Mueller be allowed to victimize their victims is what the question is,” Baldridge said. “Will they be allowed to shame them, humiliate them, assault them? And to use the words of Andrea Swift, I don't know whether to vomit or cry.”
“Will aggressors like David Mueller be allowed to realize a payday for their conduct…just because they know they can walk away with it…because the victims will pay?” they continued.
Baldridge argued there's no “facts, incentive, or reason whatsoever” to believe that Swift “made up this story” that Mueller grabbed them
They said, based on Mueller's testimony, that Mueller admitted that KYGO had a right to investigate and fire an employee who was accused of sexual assault if it were founded on evidence.
“Gone. Case was over when they did that,” Baldridge said.
And they said that their case and witness testimony has been “written in granite” since the incident occurred.
“Everything is consistent—whether it's the reaction of their face, the movement of the skirt, the pulling away in the photo—people told you what they saw, and it was all consistent,” Baldridge said. “The overriding question is: is the victimization going to stop here or is it going to go on?”
They continued to frame the case for the jury as one involving the alleged assault of a woman.
“Women who are attacked, women who are mistreated, generally don't want people to know,” Baldridge said. “Women who are reported on worldwide definitely don't want people to know.”
And in a somewhat-mocking moment of McFarland, Baldridge pulled up a “photo lineup” he'd made of the photo with Swift and Mueller, alongside 18 other photos from that day. McFarland made it a point during their questioning of Swift's bodyguard, Greg Dent, that no “photo lineup” was done like they are in police lineups.
“Here we have it. We have all the photos. Aha!” Baldridge said sarcastically when they pulled up the photo.
“Clearly Taylor Swift had no idea that this guy, the guy with the smile—boy, they must have confused Mr. Mueller with one of these little girls or boys. It's an insult,” Baldridge said. “I think it's crystal clear there's not a chance they misidentified this man in the line.”
To try and reiterate their point that the jury should not find that Andrea Swift and Bell influenced Mueller's firing, they said that Swift noted they had decided as a group to inform Call of the alleged incident.
They said the decision to fire Mueller was solely Call's, Haskell's and KYGO's.
“They decided what they saw, and they decided what to do,” Baldridge said.
Baldridge said “it's ridiculous” to claim that nothing is happening in the photo, and noted that Swift said the photo captured “a moment in the process” of Mueller grabbing their rear end.
“Everyone is clear that they saw something weird there,” Baldridge said, including Mueller.
“That is a s(***)-eating grin,” they said of Mueller's smile in the photo.
To sum up their statements, Baldridge made a final plea to the jury that the case makes a difference for women everywhere.
“The single dollar I ask you to award her…is of immeasurable value. It means no. and it tells every woman that they will determine was is tolerated with their body,” they said. “The guy did it. Don't be fooled. Don't be snookered. It's time to stop the victimization of victims in this courtroom and in this country.”
Jury deliberations underway
Now that the case is with the jury, they will have to decide on the one claim Mueller still has against Andrea Swift and Frank Bell, and the two claims—assault and battery—that Taylor Swift still has going forward in their counterclaim against Mueller.
The jury will have to reach a unanimous verdict, as the case is a federal civil trial, and all answers to the following jury questions will have to be answered “based on a preponderance of evidence”:
Did Frank Bell or Andrea Swift intentionally interfere with David Mueller's contract with Lincoln Financial (KYGO)? If so for either, what amount is Mueller entitled to receive in damages?
Do you find David Mueller assaulted Taylor Swift? Yes or no?
Do you find David Mueller battered Taylor Swift? Yes or no.
If yes on either of those last two questions, do you award them $1 in nominal damages? Yes or no?
There are several possible outcomes here.
First, the jury could find that Andrea Swift and Bell interfered with Mueller's employment contract, and could award them a maximum payout of more than $200,000 (which is based off the remainder of their employment contract salary and endorsements, minus what has already been paid out by KYGO).
But they could also find—even if Swift and Bell interfered—that Mueller only deserves “nominal damages” of $1.
The jury could also decide in Swift and Bell's favor on that claim.
Should the jury find that Mueller assaulted or battered Swift, they would only be rewarded $1 in nominal damages.
The jury is staying in their deliberation room until they have a verdict. If jurors don't have one by 5 p.m. Monday, they will be sent home for the day and ordered back at 8:30 a.m. Tuesday, when they will be sent to deliberate further.
The parties and their attorneys have in the meantime been asked not to be more than 15 minutes away from the courthouse while deliberations are ongoing should the court have to reconvene if the jury has a question or a verdict.
click to enlarge instagram.com/yesandofficial
We've started noticing a lot of cool map gear around Charleston. No, there's nothing new about "putting a city on the map" but we've always been fond of artistic representations of the streets and neighborhoods we call home.Based on the idea that “nothing is cooler than having fun," YESAND's name originates from the inclusive improv principle where you affirm what a fellow performer says, saying, “yes, and ..." expanding on their idea. The spirit of this saying is the basis of the brand, where owner Joel R. Sadler wanted to create a label that is collaborative and inclusive. With custom items that feature maps of Charleston, YESAND aspires to inspire a sense of connection and memory in familiar streets and neighborhoods.YESAND includes products like Charleston peninsula socks, notebooks, custom order vans, and trendy hats labeled with the Y& logo. And the company has also rolled out some collab items, like a partnership with Lululemon that led to a women's tank top design.Check it all out at YESAND's website and Instagram.
Regional Chair Alan Caslin made a stop at Port Colborne council Monday night to give an update about regional council's progress halfway through the term.
Caslin outlined projects such as investing in advanced manufacturing and transportation as being especially successful areas. General Electric's new factory coming to Welland, the Region's designation as a foreign trade zone and coming GO transit services were among Caslin's highlights.
Inter-municipal transportation is also a big issue for him. They said there have been many complaints about insufficient cross-Niagara transportation. Caslin said it's not only residents complaining, but employers have concerns as well since sometimes it's a case of finding someone to hire, but that person has no way to get to the job. Niagara Falls, St. Catharines and Welland, the region's three main transportation municipalities, are working to come together as one transit commission, which they are hoping passes.
“We're going to make sure everyone has a chance to travel around Niagara,” they said.
For people who drive, an extra $2 million has been put into roads for resurfacing, bringing the total budget for that this year to $12.5 million.
Key projects for 2017 Caslin brought up include the bid for the 2021 Canada Games. They said site evaluators will be in Niagara on March 1 to see what the region has to offer.
“We're hoping we can get as many people as possible out to meet the evaluators and let them know that Niagara is, in fact, the best place to host the Games.”
lbarton@postmedia.com
Twitter: @LBartonTribune
Two small fires were still burning at a chemical plant in Hood County as five local agencies resumed the search for a man identified by WFAA as Dylan Mitchell, 27, a worker who has been missing since the March 15 explosions at the plant.
Hood County Fire Marshal Ray Wilson said Monday that authorities are dismantling portions of the structure at the Tri-Chem plant that didn't explode because there is a danger of them collapsing.
One worker was missing and two others were injured Thursday in a Cresson chemical fire. The town is 25 miles southwest of Fort Worth. Courtesy: WFAA-TV
Never miss a local story. Sign up today for a free 30 day free trial of unlimited digital access. SUBSCRIBE NOW
The search for the missing worker is ongoing, Wilson said, with searchers from their department and the Somervell County Fire Marshal's office, the Hood County Sheriff's Office, the Texas Department of Emergency Management and the Fort Worth Police Department participating.
"You can see we're not giving up," Wilson said.
Wilson said the EPA has been to the site multiple times each day since the explosion and that air quality in the area is good.
WFAA reported that family members said Mitchell has a daughter and characterized them as a selfless person.
You might also be interested in this:
Stephen English: 817-390-7330, @sbenglish74
Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document.
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document.
.videoWrapper { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; padding-top: 25px; height: 0; } .videoWrapper iframe { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }
Huawei's sub-brand Honor announced the launch of two smartphones - the Honor 7X and Honor V10 at a launch event held in London in the last week.
Following the global launch, the Honor 7X was released in India at a price point of Rs. 12,999 onwards and went on sale exclusively via the online retailer Amazon India. Now it looks like the Honor fans have good news as there is information on when the Honor V10 will hit the Indian market.
At the time of its launch, the Honor V10 or View10 was likely to be released in the country sometime in January. Now, there appears to be an official confirmation regarding the same. Well, the company has revealed that the Honor V10 will be released in India on January 8, 2018. Even the global availability debuts on the same day.
The Honor V10 was originally unveiled in China in September this year. It is the first smartphone from the brand to feature an AI capable processor. There is a bezel-less display of 5.99 inches with FHD+ 2160 x 1080 pixel resolution and 18:9 aspect ratio. Under its hood, the smartphone equips an octa-core Kirin 970 SoC that is paired with 6GB RAM and 128GB default memory capacity that can be expanded up to another 128GB using a microSD card.
Running Android 8.0 Oreo, the Honor V10 makes use of a dual camera setup with a 16MP primary RGB sensor and a 20MP secondary monochrome sensor at its rear. This camera is touted to incorporate an artificial intelligence engine that offers Real-Time Scene. With this technology, the V10 can identify 13 types of scenes and objects that can automatically adjust the camera settings to render a perfect looking shot. Up front, there is a 13MP selfie camera also with support for AI. The front camera can be used to either click selfies or unlock the device as well.
The Honor V10 has a rear-facing fingerprint sensor as it has a full-screen design. The battery capacity on board is 3750mAh and there is support for fast charging. According to the company, the battery can be charged from 0% to 50% in just 30 minutes. The other goodies include 4G VoLTE, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, NFC, and USB Type-C.
TAYLOR COUNTY, Ga. — The Georgia Bureau of Investigation has made an arrest into a homicide investigation in Taylor County.
54-year-old Constance Dean was arrested Friday, October 6 by GBI agents and charged with Malice Murder, Felony Murder, Aggravated Assault, Aggravated Battery and Possession of a Firearm during the commission of a Felony.
According to a release by the GBI, preliminary information indicated that Constance Dean returned home to find their husband, Frederick Dean, shot.
Constance Dean called 911 to report Frederick Dean had shot himself. Taylor County deputies arrived on scene at the home on Railroad Street in Butler and found Frederick Dean at the bottom of the staircase with Constance Dean trying to perform CPR. The investigation determined the manner of death of Frederick Dean was a homicide.
Once the investigation is complete, the findings will be turned over to the District Attorney's Office for review.
As we enter the dog days of summer a lot of people are hitting the local swimming pools, taking those summer vacations and cooking out more than ever.
One of the most popular signature summer foods to cook is the hot dog! A frank or wiener that is steamed or grilled and served in a sliced bun. But where in South Dakota can a person get the best hot dog?
According to People Magazine, they say that the best placed to score a delicious hot dog in 2018 is at Hungry Dog in Mitchell, South Dakota. The article says, "The Philly Dog cheesesteak-frankfurter is an epic combo with fresh-shaved ribeye, sautéed onions and peppers—and Cheez Whiz."
Not only does the place serve hot dogs but they also offer burgers, chicken shakes, and malts. But if you are planning on going there, you only have a few hours because according to a Google search, they are only open from 11:00 AM - 2:00 PM.
See Also:
The Golden Globes are just around the corner, so we're answering your burning questions in light of the big event. Make sure to know when and where you can tune in to see the winners, and while you're at it, check out the full list of nominees.
When is the Golden Globes date?
The 2018 Golden Globes will be on Sunday, Jan. 7.
What channel is the Golden Globes on?
This year's ceremony will air on NBC, live from the Beverly Hilton in Beverly Hills, Calif.
Ben Peterson/NBC/Getty Images
What time is the Golden Globes and when is the Golden Globes red carpet?
The Golden Globes ceremony starts at 8 p.m. ET and goes until 11 p.m., but tune in two hours prior to the ceremony start if you want to catch the red carpet. If you can't get to a TV in time for the red carpet, check out the live stream on Twitter, which begins at 6 p.m. ET.
Who is hosting the Golden Globes?
Seth Meyers is hosting this year's Golden Globes.
Who is nominated for a Golden Globe?
The nominees range from Meryl Streep and Mary J. Blige to Robert De Niro and Shailene Woodley. See the full list here.
RELATED: The 2018 Golden Globe Nominations Are In
Who was snubbed by the Golden Globes?
Despite many stars being recognized in the 2018 nominations, there were a few notable exclusions, including Wonder Woman and The Big Sick.
Who is presenting at the Golden Globes?
The full list of presenters has not been released yet, but stay tuned here.
Tune into the Golden Globes on Jan. 7 to see the winners.
Wyatt Tee Walker, civil rights leader, pastor and theologian, was born on August 16, 1929 in Brockton, Massachusetts to John Wise and Maude Pin Walker. Wyatt attended elementary and high school in Merchantville, New Jersey and earned a B.S. in chemistry and physics from Virginia Union University in Richmond in 1950. That same year, they married Theresa Ann Walker, with whom he'd have four children. In 1953, Walker received their Master of Divinity degree from Virginia Union's Graduate School of Religion.
Later in 1953, Walker became pastor of Gillfield Baptist Church in Petersburg, Virginia. They also served as president of the local NAACP and as director of the state's Congress of Racial Equality (CORE). Walker founded the Petersburg Improvement Association, patterned after the Montgomery Improvement Association. In 1958, Walker became a member of the Southern Christian Leadership Conference (SCLC), headed by Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. They rose quickly in the organization; in 1960, King appointed Walker the executive director of SCLC and they were made King's chief of staff, a post they held until 1964.
Walker's civil rights participation reached beyond their administrative duties. On May 25, 1961, they were arrested in Birmingham, Alabama for participating in a Freedom Ride. Two years later, they helped organize the 1963 March on Washington.
On September 1, 1967, Walker relocated to New York City to become pastor of Canaan Baptist Church of Christ in Harlem. Under their dynamic leadership, Canaan's congregation grew from 800 to 3,000. During this period, they also served as Urban Affairs Specialist to New York Governor Nelson A. Rockefeller. In 1975, Walker earned a Doctorate of Ministry degree from Colgate-Rochester Divinity School. Four years later, they released their first of several books: Somebody's Calling My Name: Black Sacred Music and Social Change.
During the 1980s, Walker continued their community activism. They became a member of the National Committee on the American Committee on Africa. In 1988, they co-founded the Religious Action Network of Africa to challenge the repressive apartheid system in South Africa, and they served as chair of the Central Harlem Local Development Corporation, which built low-income housing.
In 1993, Walker received national recognition when Ebony magazine named them one of America's “15 Greatest Black Preachers”. In 2004, Walker retired as pastor of Canaan. They earned more acclaim in 2008 when they were inducted into the Civil Rights “Walk of Fame” in Atlanta, Georgia. On January 18, 2009, during the inauguration events in Washington, D.C. for President Barack Obama, Walker received the “Keepers of the Flame” Award at the African-American Church Inaugural Ball.
Wyatt T. Walker passed away in Chester, Virginia on January 23, 2018. They were 88.
After at least 51 undocumented immigrants were arrested in Austin and San Antonio last Thursday and Friday, in a broad and controversial raid by Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) agents in at least six states, some students in Austin started staying home from school out of fear of what could happen to them or their families. A local teachers' organization, Education Austin, started providing its members with information for students on immigration lawyers and what to do if ICE agents question them of come to their doors — and on Tuesday, the Austin Independent School District told teachers and other public school employees to stop it.
Teachers, school administrators, and staff "may not speak to political affiliation, views, protests, advocacy or other controversial issues or topics that may arise while on district property," said a memo sent around from the Austin ISD legal counsel, warning that state legislators are watching. "Austin ISD is unique in that it is the district of the Texas capital and is known for being politically and socially active; therefore its activities, statements, and reactions are immensely scrutinized," the memo cautioned. "This increased oversight that is not experienced by all school districts emphasizes the need and importance for district employees to be meticulous and very calculated in their actions and responses to controversial events."
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It happens each year. Ants in your garden, ants in your house, ants in your pants. It's a phenomenon known as national Flying Ant Day.
Some people may have already noticed them buzzing around already. This is because flying ant period can last a few weeks - but usually builds up towards one day of mayhem when a million of the insects come out all over the country.
There's no set day - it changes each year - but it usually occurs in July.
This year on July 4, the flying bugs made their presence known at Wimbledon, disrupting the tennis match between Caroline Wozniacki and Ekaterina Makarova.
Wozniacki in particular seemed to be vexed by the ants, complaining to the umpire: "You want to focus on playing tennis and not eating bugs."
Here's everything you need to know about the great flying ant invasion.
(Image: Getty)
Why do flying ants come out on the same day?
National Flying Ant Day is when male and female ants sprout wings and venture out of their nests on a "nuptial flight", seeking ants from other colonies to mate with.
According to the Society of Biology , nuptial flight is an important phase in the reproduction of the ant species. During the flight, virgin queens mate with males and then land to start a new colony.
The flying ants you encounter in your town or garden are almost certainly the black garden variety, the Lasius niger. Their nests have a single queen and typically around 5,000 workers, although there can be as many as 15,000.
The ants you see throughout most of the year are workers, collecting food for the colony. Workers are all female and will be alive as adults for about a month. The flying ants you see once a year are males and young queens.
Queens can live for over 10 years and spend most of their lives in their nest. New queens, however, will leave to mate and found a colony of their own.
The ‘nuptial flight' is why ants fly. Ants mate during flight, so males and young queens both have wings. If you look carefully at flying ants you will see that some are much larger; these are the queens.
(Image: Getty)
Why are there so many flying ants?
The large numbers of flying ants which appear in a short space of time increase the chance of reproduction: there is a very high chance a queen will encounter a male from another nest.
Once the males and immature queens have mated, the queens then try to start a new nest. The queens lose their wings, and after a ‘Flying Ant Day' you can sometimes see large ants walking around on their own. These are new queens looking for somewhere to set up their nest.
When is Flying Ant Day?
There's no exact date every year, but flying ant day usually falls in July. It is thought to be when a spell of wet weather is followed closely by hot humid weather, and Queen ants take this as their cue to seek males to mate with.
"Recent surveys have shown that winged ants emerge over several weeks, although there are usually several large peaks," wrote Dr Christopher Terrell-Nield from Nottingham Trent University in an article for The Conversation.
"Since swarming is triggered by temperature and often occurs after summer rain, ants over a large area can appear on the same day if conditions are similar across it."
The Royal Society of Biology is studying why this phenomenon occurs , investigating what weather conditions encourage ants to fly.
"After four years of our flying ant survey, we have found that flying ant day isn't as predictable as we had at first thought," the group said.
Beware of the seagulls
(Image: Getty)
While it might seem quite unrelated, those frolicking about beach towns should be on guard against crazy seagulls during Flying Ant Day. This is because it's been reported seagulls have been "getting drunk" feasting on flying ants.
In previous years scores of seagulls have been seen congregating in Brighton across roads, caring little for the cars hurtling towards them. They have also been spotted stomping the ground in parks hoping to tuck into their favourite snacks.
Dr Rebecca Nesbit, an entomologist with the Society of Biology, has said the ants produce formic acid which can "stupefy" the gulls. They said the amount eaten could explain why gulls were not flying away from danger quickly.
This led some to fear an increase in seagull attacks, but Woodingdean wildlife expert Roger Musselle said they were more likely to get hit by cars.
"I think they probably just like the flavour," they said. "It's fairly normal this time of year for it to happen because of the weather conditions. As soon as the flying ants come out you can see the gulls circling. They will go on to the grass or nearer roads where they can get to the ants."
How to get rid of the flying ants
(Image: Twitter)
While the flying ants don't pose much danger to people in the UK - other than being very annoying - here are six top tips to help you tackle the little creatures head-on.
1. Spray the ants with dishwashing soap
Dishwashing soap is an effective agent against flying ants, as it attaches to their bodies and dehydrates them. Get yourself a spray bottle to catch the little creatures in flight and mix two generous squirts of dish washing liquid with water.
2. Catch them with sticky tape
Lure the little things in with a food source and place some tape as close as possible with the sticky side up.
3. Attack ants with an artificial sweetener
Certain types of sweeteners are very toxic for ants. For example, if you mix in the sweetener with apple juice, it forms a viscous paste that the ants will carry back to the colony. Once consumed there, it will kill off a portion of their population.
4. Use insecticidal powder
An insecticidal lacquer can be applied around door thresholds or wall and floor junctions where ants run, or spray these areas with an insecticidal aerosol which is labelled for this use.
5. Place tin cans over the ant hill
This should be done in the morning. As it heats up, the ants take their eggs up into the can. In the afternoon slide a piece of cardboard under each can, and remove and dispose of the eggs. They make a nice treat for birds, especially chickens.
6. Pour boiling water into the ant hill
Once you have located the ant hill, pour boiling water over it. This should kill most of the ants and detract other ones from coming back.
However, keep in mind when killing flying ants that they are actually good for outdoor environments. They aerate soil, help to cycle nutrients, improve garden fertility and control pests.
Flying ants also provide a vital food resource for many species of birds, particularly swifts and gulls.
DEAR AMY: I am a male with a female co-worker, “Danica.” I like Danica. We have a similar sense of humor, and I get the sense that they want to be better friends. However, they have a strong (and unwarranted) tendency to see injustice, racism, sexism and homophobia in innocuous interactions. For example, once, outside of work, I innocently inquired as to whether they were happy in their life, and they viewed this as a sexist and patriarchal question that basically reduced them to a damsel in distress. However, as I explained to her, this is something I ask my friends of all genders. They see harassment, condescension and coercion where there isn't any. While I'm mostly aligned with their political views, they think that by me denying their unwarranted claims of sexism around every corner, I am claiming victimhood because my “privilege” is being questioned. I feel like we could be really good friends, except I feel they see innocuous events through the lens of what some people might describe as a “social justice warrior.” How can I address my issue with her, without them claiming I'm just being sexist?
Frustrated Friend
DEAR FRUSTRATED: While I'm tempted to advise you to say, “Oh, Danica, you're so cute when you're angry...” I don't think I can help you to best this social justice warrior, because no matter how you respond, they can always accuse you of using your “privilege” to dominate them So query them about their own intolerance.
They need to be given the opportunity to exercise the kind of tolerance that they would no doubt champion, in a different context.
The next time they shut you down, you could ask her, “Danica, are you willing to try to be more tolerant toward a viewpoint that doesn't always align perfectly with yours?”
DEAR AMY: I'm a 28-year-old woman living with my younger sister (16) and our mother while I finish my master's degree. For the past three years, I've been seeing “Anthony.” They have been a great boyfriend, as well as a son (of sorts) to my mother. Anthony works in management for an international company. They travel overseas about every other week. They usually come back from exotic locales with a small gift for me. For the last year or so, they have also been bringing back a similar gift for my sister. For example, if they bought a shawl for me, they also bring one for my sister. I'm starting to feel envious of no longer being the sole object of their affection. They say they don't want my sister to feel left out. I can understand, in a sense, but I honestly start to roll my eyes when my sister excitedly announces to visiting family and friends what they brought back for “her.” Is my desire to feel special unreasonable?
A (little) Jealous
Best Bets Get the scoop on events, nightlife, day trips, family fun and things to do on Long Island. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
DEAR JEALOUS: “Anthony” sounds like a nice person. They might avoid some of this nonsense by calibrating their gift giving, so that your gift is always a little nicer, or even slightly more “special” than the one they give to your sister.
But then, they would just be giving in to this juvenile dynamic.
Your teenage sister is acting like a teenager. What's your excuse?
You are 28 years old, educated and in a loving family. The truly adult thing would be for you to encourage Anthony to bring something small back for both your mother and your sister, and for you to accept their homecoming as the only gift you want or need. Then, your “specialness” will be impossible to measure, which I think would be a very good thing for you.
DEAR AMY: “Elephant in the Room” has a ”long-term binge-eating disorder” and is worried that people who haven't seen them in a long time will be shocked and rude when they see their weight gain.  They are using their “disorder” as an excuse for eating whatever and whenever they want. I think your advice should have been to lay off the pizza, get off the couch and see a nutritionist.
Everyone has an Excuse
DEAR EVERYONE: This reader wasn't asking me for advice about how to tackle their obesity. So why would I offer it?
One frustration of being overweight is how people often reduce the issue to being basically fat and lazy. But obesity is an affliction that is obvious to everyone, because it is carried on the outside. Being a jerk is an affliction that is more easily hidden, until it reveals itself.
New Delhi: Congress President Sonia Gandhi on Tuesday stressed the need for every Indian to unite and fight against separatism, terrorism and all such forces that divide and spread hatred in society.
In their Independence Day message, Gandhi greeted fellow Indians and wished them progress and prosperity on the 70th Independence Day.
"The need today is that all Indians in one voice should fight separatism, terrorism and all such forces who divide and spread hatred in society, and unite to protect the basic principles of Indian-ness," they said in their message.
They said, "I pray that this nation must always progress and move forward and we all feel proud being an independent Indian... My best wishes to you all that this 70th year will bring prosperity and happiness to all of you and will be in good health and will get immense opportunities for growth and progress."
Gandhi unfurled the national flag at the AICC headquarters on Akbar Road here.
Congress vice-President Rahul Gandhi and senior party leaders were present at the party headquarters.
The former head of the Australian Grand Prix, Sir Ron Walker, will be farewelled at a state funeral in Melbourne.
Victorian Premier Daniel Andrews announced a service for Mr Walker would be held on Wednesday at St Paul's Cathedral.
"He was a giant of Victoria and indeed Australia, both in stature and in the contribution that they made over many years in business and public life in setting us up to be the major events and sporting capital of our nation," Mr Andrews told reporters after Mr Walker's death on Tuesday.
Mr Walker wrestled the world-renowned race from Adelaide to Melbourne in 1993, played a role in the creation of Crown Casino and was briefly Melbourne's Lord Mayor in the 1970s.
The successful business person was also a stalwart of the Liberal party and was party treasurer for more than a decade.
The Kalgoorlie CBD will lose yet another small retailer this year when Hannan Street's Up the Duff and Stuff closes its doors for good at the end of August, unless another owner is ready to take over the business
The maternity store, launched in 2015 by new mother and retail-novice Rebecca Atkins, has been a go-to destination for pregnant women and new mothers in Kalgoorlie-Boulder looking for clothes, supplies and support. They have often hosted coffee and chat meet-and-greets for mothers to get out of the house and socialise.
Mrs Atkins said while the move was a regretful one, they had to return to Darwin to care for their sick father, and with the space still leased for another year, they would happily help a potential new business owner over the next 12 months to either take over the maternity trade or start something entirely new.
“It was a really hard and long decision to leave,” they said.
“It is disappointing because I am so proud the success of the store and I love Kalgoorlie, but family had to come first.
“I am choosing to go because of family circumstances but I just want to say thank you for the town's support over the years.”
Mrs Atkins won the Goldfields Business and Employee Awards young achiever and start-up business awards in 2016.
They said although times were tough for independent businesses in Kalgoorlie-Boulder, there was still a place for the maternity store in today's market.
“People in Kalgoorlie-Boulder are so loving and supportive so I would love to see someone else take it over and continue,” they said.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A boater has told of dousing a boy who was on fire after an explosion on a boat in Cambridgeshire today (April 24).
The woman, who chose not to be named, said they heard a "big bang" at around 8.45am on the River Great Ouse in Willow Walk, Ely, before seeing the mum and boy in a panic.
This comes after emergency services responded to the incident where a gas cylinder had exploded on the river cruiser.
They told the News : "There was a big bang on the boat. We saw all of the smoke from the fire extinguisher.
"The mum screamed for water. Fortunately I had a gallon can of water. The child's head looked like satin and was going pink.
"I doused them with the water. I just hope to God the child is okay."
Five fire crews from around Cambridgeshire and Suffolk were called to the incident before putting out the fire and leaving by 10.30am.
Three people, including a man, woman and child, required treatment for burns to their hands and faces and were taken to Addenbrooke's Hospital for further treatment.
It is not yet known the extent of the injuries.
An East of England Ambulance Service spokesperson said: “We got a call at 8.45am to reports of a female, male and child being burned in Willow Walk, Ely, on the River Ouse. They're all alive. They have burnt their hands and faces. We are not sure about the extent of the injuries.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
“We dispatched an ambulance crew, officer, rapid response vehicles, and a hazard area response team - as well as our East Anglian Air Ambulance to the scene.
“The patients are now on their way to Addenbrooke's Hospital for further treatment.”
A Cambridgeshire Fire & Rescue spokesperson said: “At 8:49am on Tuesday (April 24) one crew from Ely, three crews from Cambridge and one crew from Newmarket in Suffolk were called to an incident near Willow Walk in Ely.
“Firefighters arrived to find a gas cylinder had exploded on a boat.
“Three casualties required treatment for burns and were taken to hospital by ambulance.
“The crews ensure the area was safe and returned to their stations by 10.30am.
We recently reported that Kajol is all set to return to South cinema after years. They recently confirmed signing, Soundarya Rajinikanth's directorial, VIP 2, starring Dhanush in the lead.
A first look of the film was released recently where Dhanush and Kajol are seen on a construction site background. We hear they will be playing a negative role in the film.
VIP 2 is a sequel to a 2014 Tamil action drama “Vela Illa Pattathari” aka “VIP”.
Check out the first look right here:
Soundarya tweeted the first look of the film and captioned it as, “As the year comes to an end and a #NewYear begins …here's my gift to all #Dhanush fans #VIP2 #FirstLookPosters#TeaKadaiRajasAreBack #2017.”
‘VIP 2' also has Amala Paul and Samuthirakani retaining their respective roles from the first movie.
Among common dog whistles allegedly used by Republicans are: “states' rights,” apparently designed to oppose federal civil rights initiatives; “law and order,” a secret signal to crack down on low-income or minority neighborhoods; and “family values,” a phrase determined by the left to be an attack on gays and lesbians. I won't, for instance, deny that the concept of states' rights has been a rationale used in the past by people with ill intent, but the concept can be a legitimate one, too, for issues such as education. There are so many dog whistles that a whole book was written about the practice by University of California at Berkeley law professor Ian Haney López, apparently to help the left decipher secret messages without the decoder rings distributed to the right.
Bandai Namco's manga-inspired fighting game, Jump Force, made quite a splash when it was unveiled at E3 2018. But what is Jump Force, who's actually on the roster, and when is it going to be released?
Jump Force is essentially a PvP fighting game featuring manga and anime characters, in which players create three-strong teams and thrash out their differences with bombastic, gravity-defying punches and energy beams.
The game is part of a host of celebratory tie-ins from the legendary manga publisher Shonen Jump, which turned 50 this year.
Few things are more satisfying than letting your favourite characters duke it out, and Shonen Jump has them in plentiful supply: over the past few decades its brought us Dragon Ball, One Piece, Death Note and Hunter X Hunter, to name but a few.
Gaming publisher Bandai Namco (Tekken 7, Soul Calibur VI) were behind a similar effort in 2012 called J-Stars Victory VS, which also saw a roster of Shonen Jump characters battle it out in a 3D arena.
Having played an early build of the upcoming game, it looks like Jump Force should offer even bigger battles, better graphics and more focused gameplay than its predecessor.
Cut to the chase
What is it? A crossover fighting game featuring characters from Dragon Ball, One Piece, Naruto and others from Shonen Jump manga
A crossover fighting game featuring characters from Dragon Ball, One Piece, Naruto and others from Shonen Jump manga What can I play it on? Coming to PC, Xbox One, and PS4 – though we're not ruling out a Switch port down the line
Coming to PC, Xbox One, and PS4 – though we're not ruling out a Switch port down the line When can I play it? Sometime in 2019
Jump Force should be jumping into stores sometime in 2019, though the month would be anyone's guess.
Bandai Namco's other manga-inspired fighter, Dragon Ball FighterZ, launched in the January after its own E3 reveal, so it's not-unlikely that Jump Force will be working to a similar window. But with the game still in development and only a handful of playable characters confirmed, we're probably a while off hearing more.
Jump Force trailers
"These worlds were never meant to meet..."
Explosive, flashy and heavy on the gravitas, Jump Force's E3 trailer immediately caught our attention. Have a look below for a first look at the game's bombastic combat, super-moves and eclectic roster of characters.
Jump Force news and rumors
We ain't seen nothing yet
As the world's biggest publisher of manga, Shonen Jump has an extensive catalog to draw on, stretching back decades.
Bandai Namco is remaining tight-lipped on the roster, though the inclusion of Ichigo, Rukia and Aizen – from the popular paranormal manga Bleach – has now been confirmed.
They're joining the initial mash-up of the Saiyan superhero Goku and galactic villain Frieza from Dragon Ball, the eponymous teenage ninja from Naruto and their teammate Sasuke, as well as the rubber-limbed Luffy and the sword-wielding Zoro from One Piece.
Given that developer Spike Chunsoft's previous manga fighting game, J-Stars Victory Vs, had 52 characters on its roster, we're pretty sure there are a lot of well-known (and lesser-known) names to come. But bringing in more recent entries like My Hero Academia, or even 2015's Black Clover, could really help Jump Force stand out from previous games and attract a wider audience.
Death Note is in there, sort of
Death Note's Light Yagami and the death-god Ryuk also appeared at the tail-end of the trailer, though we were slightly heartbroken when Bandai Namco confirmed they wouldn't be playable ("They're more involved with the story").
We expect the iconic pair masterminded whatever event brought all these characters together. But given that Light's Death Note is able to kill anyone on command, we see how they might not have suited a traditional moveset in the arena.
You'll be fighting in real-world locations
As if mashing up countless universes from across the Shonen Jump manga wasn't enough, it seems our own is also getting an appearance.
All the fighting stages showcased so far are based on real-world locations. So far we've seen Times Square in New York, the Matterhorn in the Alps, and an arena in Hong Kong. Could we see a ravaged Tokyo city, or Goku and Frieza duking it out in the shadow of Big Ben?
Jump Force is going for a wider appeal
It's clear that Jump Force wants to be a more accessible – and well-known – game than some of its predecessors.
Bandai Namco was careful to showcase more familiar faces for its first trailer, and sharp-eyed fans will have noticed that Bleach's Ichigo and Rukia are styled after Bleach's globally-popular anime adaptation, rather than the original Japanese manga.
The game also runs on the widely-used Unreal Engine 4, and is explicitly optimised for upgraded performance on Xbox One X and PS4 Pro. Given that Bandai Namco's Dragon Ball FighterZ also came to Nintendo Switch a few months after its initial release, we expect we could see a similar schedule happen here.
The Pan Africanist Congress has welcomed the declaration of three areas in Sharpeville as heritage sites by the South African Heritage Resources Agency (Sahra). Last week the Sahra announced the addition of four new national heritage sites.
The three sites commemorating the 1960 Sharpeville massacre and a memorial to the SS Mendi have been added to the list of national heritage sites.
The sites in Sharpeville include the police station to which thousands had marched in protest against the hated “dompas” and the memorial garden and the graves of the 69 people who lost their lives in the massacre in the Phelindaba Cemetery.
The Sharpeville massacre occurred on March 21, 1960 when police opened fire on a peaceful march organised by the PAC to protest against the repressive pass laws. Marches had also been organised for Langa in Cape Town. Today the date is commemorated as Human Rights Day.
“We hope that the same God/Allah who assisted them to declare these historical and memorable event will allow them to change the misleading Human Rights Day to a rightful and suitable Sharpeville/Langa Day,” PAC spokesperson Kenneth Mokgatlhe said.
“We are however disappointed that it is only happening now after 22 years of political emancipation. We had expected this important event to have occurred immediately after the inaugural of presidency in 1994 but it was overlooked due to political games.”
Mokgatlhe said the organisation was grateful to Sahra for deeply involving them where they were entitled to make a decision in certain circumstances.
They said this was not only memorable to people of Sharpeville but the entire continent if not the world because the events of March 21, 1960 transformed global politics.
“Indeed the PAC and the people of the occupied Azania have a good, good story to tell, that is the story of liberation, the history that was written with blood, tears and toils of the massacred Africans.
“People who looked forward to being killed in defence of their beloved country, Azania, the land of their forbearers,” Mokgatlhe said.
The SS Mendi memorial is situated at the University of Cape Town's sports fields in Rosebank‚ Cape Town. The memorial is for the men of the Fifth Battalion of the South African Native Labour Corps.
The sports field, formerly known as the Rosebank showgrounds, was chosen as the memorial site as it was the national assembly camp and depot for the Native Labour Corps during World War I. It was the place where soldiers assembled, received their kit and basic training.
“It is a reminder of the role played by black South Africans in World War I and of the links these events have to the liberation struggle in South Africa,” Sahra said.
On February 21, 1917, a ship collided with the Mendi just off the coast of the Isle of Wight, leading to the death of 30 crew and 607 black soldiers.
The declarations are listed in the Government Gazette and published by the Department of Arts and Culture.
NTOMBI NKOSI
ntombin@thenewage.co.za
"We really had an eye to future use with exoplanets for a reason," said Chris Reinhard, assistant professor in Georgia Tech's School of Earth and Atmospheric Sciences. "It's possible that the atmospheric methane models that we are exploring for the early Earth represent conditions common to biospheres throughout our galaxy because they don't require such an advanced stage of evolution like we have here on Earth now."
Somewhere in our galaxy, an exoplanet is probably orbiting a star that's colder than our sun, but instead of freezing solid, the planet might be cozy warm thanks to a greenhouse effect caused by methane in its atmosphere.
NASA astrobiologists from the Georgia Institute of Technology have developed a comprehensive new model that shows how planetary chemistry could make that happen. The model, published in a new study in the journal Nature Geoscience, was based on a likely scenario on Earth three billion years ago, and was actually built around its possible geological and biological chemistry.
The sun produced a quarter less light and heat then, but Earth remained temperate, and methane may have saved our planet from an eon-long deep-freeze, scientists hypothesize. Had it not, we and most other complex life probably wouldn't be here today.
The new model combined multiple microbial metabolic processes with volcanic, oceanic and atmospheric activities, which may make it the most comprehensive of its kind to date. But while studying Earth's distant past, the Georgia Tech researchers aimed their model light-years away, wanting it to someday help interpret conditions on recently discovered exoplanets.
The researchers set the model's parameters broadly so that they could apply not only to our own planet but potentially also to its siblings with their varying sizes, geologies, and lifeforms.
Artist's depiction of exoplanet Kepler 22b discovered by the Kepler satellite telescope that likely receives a similar amount of light and heat from its star as our Earth does from our sun.
Reinhard and first author Kazumi Ozaki published their Nature Geoscience paper on December 11, 2017. The research was supported by the NASA Postdoctoral Program, the Japan Society for the Promotion of Science, the NASA Astrobiology Institute and the Alfred P. Sloan Foundation.
Previous models have examined the mix of atmospheric gases needed to keep Earth warm in spite of the sun's former faintness, or studied isolated microbial metabolisms that could have made the needed methane. "In isolation, each metabolism hasn't made for productive models that accounted well for that much methane," Reinhard said.
The Georgia Tech researchers synergized those isolated microbial metabolisms, including ancient photosynthesis, with geological chemistry to create a model reflective of the complexity of an entire living planet. And the model's methane production ballooned.
"It's important to think about the mechanisms controlling the atmospheric levels of greenhouse gases in the framework of all biogeochemical cycles in the ocean and atmosphere," said first author Ozaki, a postdoctoral assistant.
The Georgia Tech model strengthens a leading hypothesis that attempts to explain a mystery called the "faint young Sun paradox" pointed out by iconic late astronomer Carl Sagan and their Cornell University colleague George Mullen in 1972.
Astronomers noticed long ago that stars burned brighter as they matured and weaker in their youths. They calculated that about two billion years ago, our sun must have shone about 25 percent fainter than it does today.
That would have been too cold for any liquid water to exist on Earth, but paradoxically, strong evidence says that liquid water did exist. "Based on the observation of the geological record, we know that there must have been liquid water," Reinhard said, "and in some cases, we know that temperatures were similar to how they are today, if not a little warmer."
Sagan and Mullen postulated that Earth's atmosphere must have created a greenhouse effect that saved it. Back then, they suspected ammonia was at work, but chemically, that idea proved less feasible.
"Methane has taken a lead role in this hypothesis," said Reinhard, the study's principal investigator. "When oxygen and methane enter the atmosphere, they chemically cancel each other out over time in a complex chain of chemical reactions. Because there was extremely little oxygen in the air back then, it would have allowed for methane to build up much higher levels than today."
At the core of the model are two different types of photosynthesis. But three billion years ago, the dominant type of photosynthesis we know today that pumps out oxygen may not have even existed yet.
Instead, two other very primitive bacterial photosynthetic processes likely were essential to Earth's ancient biosphere. One transformed iron in the ocean into rust, and the other photosynthesized hydrogen into formaldehyde.
"The model relied on lots of volcanic activity spewing out hydrogen," Ozaki said. Other bacteria fermented the formaldehyde, and other bacteria, still, turned the fermented product into methane.
The two photosynthetic processes served as the watch spring of the model's clockwork, which pulled in 359 previously established biogeochemical reactions spanning land, sea and air.
The model was not the type of simulation that produces a video animation of Earth's ancient biogeochemistry. Instead, the model mathematically analyzed the processes, and the output was numbers and graphs.
Ozaki ran the model more than 3 million times, varying parameters, and found that if the model contained both forms of photosynthesis operating in tandem, that 24 percent of the runs produced enough methane to create the balance needed in the atmosphere to maintain the greenhouse effect and keep ancient Earth, or possibly an exoplanet, temperate.
"That translates into about a 24 percent probability that this model would produce a stable, warm climate on the ancient Earth with a faint sun or on an Earth-like exoplanet around a dimmer star," Reinhard said. "Other models that looked at these photosynthetic metabolisms in isolation have much lower probabilities of producing enough methane to keep the climate warm."
"We're confident that this rather unique statistical approach means that you can take the basic insights of this new model to the bank," they said.
Other explanations for the "faint young Sun paradox" have been more cataclysmic and perhaps less regular in their dynamics. They include ideas about routine asteroid strikes stirring up seismic activity thus resulting in more methane production, or about the sun consistently firing coronal mass ejections at Earth, heating it up.
Explore further: Behind the iron curtain: How methane-making microbes kept the early Earth warm
More information: Kazumi Ozaki et al, Effects of primitive photosynthesis on Earth's early climate system, Nature Geoscience (2017). DOI: 10.1038/s41561-017-0031-2
The NASA/JPL image at the top of the page shows the youngest fully formed exoplanet ever detected. The discovery was made using NASA's Kepler Space Telescope and its extended K2 mission, as well as the W. M. Keck Observatory on Mauna Kea, Hawaii. Exoplanets are planets that orbit stars beyond our sun. The newfound planet, K2-33b, is a bit larger than Neptune and whips tightly around its star every five days.
The Daily Galaxy via Georgia Institute of Technology
Image credits: NASA/Ames/JPL-Caltech
Click Here to View Recent Most Popular Space & Science Posts --"Vestiges of a Universe Prior to Big Bang to What If China Makes 1st Contact"
Democratic Party members Andrea Marcucci,left, group leader at the Italian Senate and Graziano Delrio group leader at the Lower Chamber walk in Rome, Tuesday, April 24, 2018. (AP Photo/Andrew Medichini)
Democratic Party members Andrea Marcucci,left, group leader at the Italian Senate and Graziano Delrio group leader at the Lower Chamber walk in Rome, Tuesday, April 24, 2018. (AP Photo/Andrew Medichini)
ROME (AP) - Italy's populist 5-Star Movement says it's open to find agreement with the Democratic Party on forming a government, but that its members would have to vote on any such alliance.
The country's March 4 parliamentary election produced an inconclusive outcome. A new round of consultations on creating the next Italian government began on Tuesday.
Five-Star leader Luigi Di Maio declared all negotiations with the right-wing League dead. They said the League was "condemned to irrelevance" by refusing to break with former Premier Silvio Berlusconi's Forza Italia.
The 5-Stars, the election's single biggest vote-getter, now are looking to the center-left Democrats, who are badly divided. Some want to be in opposition, while others are open to a 5-Star deal.
Di Maio says Italians should vote again, if no deal is reached.
DALLAS (AP) - A man who spent 15 years in prison for the 2001 killing of a teenager was freed on Wednesday after a judge agreed with prosecutors that they didn't commit the crime.
Dallas County District Attorney Faith Johnson said Quintin Lee Alonzo, 38, was freed after the judge agreed with a petition from prosecutors declaring them innocent in the 2001 death of Santos Gauna, who was killed when a fight broke out at a party celebrating their high school graduation and decision to join the Marines.
Although Alonzo was freed because prosecutors and the judge believe he's innocent, due largely to the confession of a condemned man the day before that man's execution, Alonzo would still need the Texas Court of Criminal Appeals to formally exonerate them to be eligible for state compensation for being falsely imprisoned. That ruling could take months.
Officials say an "exhaustive investigation" corroborated the 2015 confession that Licho Escamilla gave to investigators from the district attorney's office's conviction integrity unit right before Escamilla was put to death for the killing of an off-duty Dallas police officer.
"He was facing execution the next day," said Cynthia Garza, who heads the unit. "We believe they were doing this to make peace with God and make things right for him."
Escamilla was a suspect in Guana's killing. But a person identified Alonzo as the shooter from a photo lineup, and Johnson said the jury at their 2003 trial relied heavily on that identification to convict him.
Alonzo was sentenced to life in prison.
Escamilla, meanwhile, was convicted in 2002 in the death of officer Christopher Kevin James, who was among four uniformed Dallas officers working off-duty security at a club when a brawl broke out and James was shot multiple times by Escamilla.
Prosecutors say that before Escamilla was convicted in James' killing, they confessed to killing Gauna and that they also confessed later to their appellate attorneys. Johnson acknowledged that rumors circulated after the teen's death that Escamilla was responsible, but they said Alonzo's attorney argued this point at Alonzo's trial and jurors didn't buy it.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Cavalier and reckless - the words a judge used to describe the actions of a driver who caused a fatal crash that took the life of 'beautiful Gail Brown' just three days before Christmas.
Judge Stuart Bridge sentenced Sarah Hand, 50, of Aragon Road, Haverhill, to eight years in prison for causing death by careless driving at Cambridge Crown Court today (February 2).
Hand took a cocktail of drugs and alcohol including gin, vodka, cocaine and cannabis on the morning of the accident on the A1307.
They also admitted taking cocaine the previous evening and told police at the scene at Horseheath they had drunk half a bottle of vodka.
'Cavalier and reckless approach to driving'
Judge Bridge said: “The defendant does not contest these charges for a moment. They have pleaded guilty.
“The collision that occurred on December 22 was because they lost control of their car.
“She lost control, quite simply because they were wholly incapable of driving, they were wholly incapable because of the quantity of alcohol in their body.
“She also ingested cocaine and cannabis the effect of which is unclear.
“The fact they drove in those circumstances underlines their cavalier and reckless approach to driving on that day.”
'This was a dangerous road'
Hand was criticised for driving drunk on the A1307, which Judge Bridge called 'a dangerous road'.
Judge Bridge: “The collision occurred on Friday, December 22 of 2017 at about 12.15pm, broad daylight, on the A1307 between Cambridge and Haverhill.
“It is well known as a high casualty route and there are a number of signs on the route warning drivers to that affect.
“One close to the location stated: 'High speed collisions kill. Slow down, take care, stay alive.”
They added: “This was a dangerous road on which the defendant chose to drive.
“The collision itself occurred about 800m east of the junction with Horseheath. It involved the defendant's Ford, Mrs Brown's Nissan Micra and Mr Percy's Volkswagen.
“The Ford's engine detached and struck Mr Percy's Volkswagen.”
A1307 crash - Sarah Hand jailed Sarah Hand has been jailed for eight years after pleading guilty to three counts of causing death by careless driving. What are the charges? Causing death by careless driving when over the prescribed limit of alcohol. Causing death by careless driving while over the specified limit for a specified limit for a specified controlled drug, namely cocaine. Causing death by careless driving while over the specified limit for a specified controlled drug, namely cannabis.
Sarah Hand was '10 times over the cocaine limit'
Judge Bridge said: “The defendant claimed they had on that morning drunk two shots of vodka, 10cm in total and 10cm of gin.
“It's accepted no alcohol was consumed after the collision and provision of the specimen.
“She also said she'd smoked a joint that morning at 8am and taken cocaine the previous evening at 7.30pm, some 2.4g.”
They added: “The toxicologist was of the view, considering the readings from analysis of the defendant's blood that they had not been frank about the amount of alcohol they had consumed.
“Alcohol was detected in the blood taken at 3.44pm.
“The proportion of cocaine in their body was 10 times the legal limit.
“Indicative of consumption of cocaine and the amount of cannabis was also above the legal limit - 2.2, the limit being 2.0.”
The toxicologist said the mix of drugs and alcohol would ‘exacerbate the situation' and it would be ‘difficult to predict'.
Cocaine levels are judged by measuring levels of Benzoylcecgonine, a substance left in the body as the cocaine breaks down.
'It is clear Gail Brown is hugely missed'
Judge Bridge gave their sympathy and that of the court to the family of 56-year-old Gail Brown who died in the three car crash.
“It is clear and apparent to anyone that Gail Brown is hugely missed by their family, friends and they will remain missed for a very long time indeed.
“Her death has had a massive impact on those affected, three days before Christmas, and so it will continue into the future and their memory will live on.”
Judge Bridge said the family have the ‘profound sympathy of the court'.
They added: “There is nothing the court can do in passing sentence that can assist Mrs Brown's family.”
'The car went through the central reservation'
Judge Bridge: “The Ford manoeuvred first into lane two, the faster lane, to overtake a slower refuse vehicle approaching the Dean Road crossroads.
“Then it moved back into lane one and steered an incorrect path to the grass verge on the left.
“The Ford mounted that southern grass verge and it seems from the marks that all four wheels were on the verge at one point.
“In what one can assume it was a compensating manoeuvre it was steered right, right across the carriageway across the central reservation verge at a steep angle and then struck Mrs Brown's Micra on the eastbound carriageway.”
'Fatal accident waiting to happen'
Judge Bridge said: “You should not have gotten into your car when you did. You drove at a high speed on what you knew to be a dangerous road and from the moment you joined the A1307 you were an accident waiting to happen and indeed you were a fatal accident waiting to happen.”
'Lifelong addiction'
Judge Bridge said: “I turn to the circumstances of the defendant which I must take account of.
“I have read statements and testimonials from numerous people who know Miss Hand.
“She is a woman of no previous convictions and I have been assisted by the psychiatric report and it's clear from that report that Miss Hand has suffered domestic abuse throughout their life and has indeed suffered from alcoholism for most of their adult life.
“She has a lifelong addiction which they continue to grapple with.
“Miss Hand suffers complex PTSD which has rightly been put forward not as an excuse but an explanation.”
Substantial custodial sentence
Judge Bridge has said a substantial custodial sentence is inevitable.
“The only question I have to ask is how long a custodial sentence should be", said Judge Bridge.
They added: “There is no dispute this is a case falling not far short of dangerous driving.”
Judge Bridge read a letter from the defendant and said they believe they are remorseful for what they have done.
They added: “I am obliged to pass the shortest sentence which reflects the seriousness of the offences.
“I am of the view these offences are at the very top end of culpability as far as these offences are concerned.”
Eight years in prison
Judge Bridge sentenced Hand to eight years in prison. They will serve four years in custody and four years on licence.
They were also disqualified from driving for 10 years and the ban will come into effect from the day they leave prison.
Hand told the judge in their letter they did not wish to drive again.
You can keep up to date with all the latest news in and around Cambridge by downloading our free app.
It is available for the iPhone and iPad from Apple's App Store , or the Android version can be downloaded from Google Play.
Martin Jay is an award winning British journalist now based in Beirut who works on a freelance basis for a number of respected British newspapers as well as previously Al Jazeera and Deutsche Welle TV. Before Lebanon, they have worked in Africa and Europe for CNN, Euronews, CNBC, BBC, Sunday Times and Reuters. Follow them on Twitter @MartinRJay
For the last six years Western media has indulged itself in reporting Syria, it has stigmatized the Assad government while the opposition is portrayed as more of less the victims, says Middle East expert and journalist Martin Jay.A terrorist attack on buses used to evacuate some towns in Syria killed as many as 80 children on Saturday, has been widely condemned by humanitarian organizations. The UN has called for greater protection for children across the country.A massive blast targeted civilians waiting to leave rebel-held areas as part of a deal struck between the government and opposition forces.The Western media seems to have a tendency to avoid blaming rebels in such incidents as Saturday's attack. But when it comes to Assad, the media always tries to put the blame on the president even if there is no evidence. Why is that?Western media for the last six years has really indulged itself and got trapped in its own echo chamber in how it reports on Syria. It stigmatized the Assad government as being essentially the root cause of the problem and how it reports anything from the opposition side as largely more or less the victims, those fighters, whether they are extremists or not, are doing more or less a noble job. And this is what we are seeing here today.And I think we are stuck in that echo chamber. Nothing has really changed. If you look at how Western media reported on the Russian bombing in Aleppo and how it was so obsessed with reporting civilian casualties.After the alleged chemical attack earlier this month, there was no investigation or evidence that Assad was behind it, but the US President took unilateral action against him. However, when as many as 80 children are killed in a suicide attack, we don't hear from him. Why is that?He doesn't seem to follow the events very closely. I don't think their people are bringing them up to speed. I think they are very selective in how they see the Middle East and in particular Syria. It worries me how they very casually in interviews with American journalists confuses Syria and Iraq. I don't think they get all the picture. And I don't think they want all the picture. They have a very limited bandwidth on what they perceive to be important news and this hasn't reached their radar screen. There has been a statement from Washington but it is such a cursory reference and hardly a really serious point of view at all from America...Are we going to see Western ambassadors bringing photos of children who died in Saturday's attack to the UN Security Council like Nikki Haley did after the alleged chemical attack?I can't image it...I think a whole load of awkward and difficult questions have to be asked by journalists, by the White House, the Pentagon and Trump's people which is what exactly is the relationship between the Trump administration and these opposition groups who are responsible for these massacres like Al-Nusra or others in that area. Those are the questions which journalists aren't asking, and Trump isn't prepared to answer...It is nothing new, we are not breaking news here...On the question of the photographs, I don't think anyone is going to present them at any UN council...
Jabra, one of the leading brands in audio products has extended its Evolve range of wireless headphones with the launch of Evolve 75. Designed for modern office workers, the Jabra Evolve 75 comes equipped with Active Noise Cancellation (ANC) technology and an integrated 'do not disturb' mode to offer a seamless audio experience even in non-favorable surroundings.
The headset is the latest addition to the company's Evolve Series which as per Jabra has sold over 2.5 million units worldwide. The range was conceived to reflect the way people work in the office and enable focused and distraction free open office working.
The company claims that the Jabra Evolve 75 comes equipped with world-class speakers for music and HD voice for crystal clear calls.
The wireless headset has 'Dual Bluetooth' connectivity to support calls and music by allowing the user to simultaneously pair the headset with two connected devices. This means that you can connect the wireless headset with a computer and a smartphone at the same time.
The wireless headset has leather cushions, comes with a wireless range of 30 metres (100 feet) for laptops and 10 metres (33 feet) for smartphones. The company claims that the headphones can deliver Up to 15 hours of battery life.
Another highlight feature of Jabra Evolve 75 is the inbuilt support for open office and concentration credentials. The product meets Open Office and Outdoor requirements for Skype for Business from Microsoft and is also certified for Skype for Business, Cisco and other leading Unified Communications (UC) platforms.
The Jabra Evolve 75 is also compatible with Jabra Direct - free cloud-based software that lets the user personalise and manage the headset. Jabra Evolve 75 wireless headset will be available in India by July 2017 at an expected price of Rs. 21,000.
WEST PALM BEACH, Fla. (AP) — President Donald Trump sought Sunday to gloss over the difficult work ahead for lawmakers laboring to finalize tax cut legislation they can sign by their self-imposed Christmas deadline.
Trump tweeted about the pending bill before they went to their golf club in West Palm Beach for a round with Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina. Trump and Graham, who has become a regular golf partner for Trump, discussed the tax bill and upcoming budget talks after they teed off, said White House spokesperson Raj Shah.
“Getting closer and closer on the Tax Cut Bill. Shaping up even better than projected,” Trump said on Twitter. “House and Senate working very hard and smart. End result will be not only important, but SPECIAL!”
Trump has set a Christmas deadline for signing the bill into law, giving lawmakers named to a special conference committee two weeks to iron out major differences in the House and Senate versions of the legislation. The conference committee has scheduled its first formal meeting for Wednesday.
Both measures would cut taxes by about $1.5 trillion over the next decade while adding billions to the $20 trillion deficit, combining steep tax cuts for corporations with more modest reductions for most individuals. Together, the changes would amount to the biggest overhaul of the U.S. tax system in 30 years, touching every corner of society.
Significant differences between the bills must be worked out before Trump can fulfill a campaign promise and score their first major legislative achievement. Republican lawmakers, including Graham, have said publicly that failure on taxes — after the embarrassing collapse of several attempts to repeal the Obama-era health care law — would be politically devastating with control of the House and Senate at stake in midterm elections next year.
“It would be a complete disaster,” Graham said in October.
The House bill collapses the seven existing personal income tax brackets to four, while the Senate version retains the seven but changes their percentages. The mortgage interest deduction is more generous under the Senate bill. There are also questions about what to do with the alternative minimum tax and how to handle the tax treatment of millions of U.S. businesses organized as “pass throughs,” as well as the federal deduction for state and local income taxes.
The Senate bill ends the requirement that most consumers buy health insurance or pay a tax penalty, while the House measure avoids the issue.
“I can think of no better Christmas present for the American people than giving you a massive tax cut. That's what's happening,” Trump said Friday night at a campaign rally in Pensacola. “I can't wait to sign that tax cut.”
Before traveling to Florida, Trump signed a spending bill Friday to avert a partial government shutdown and keep the federal government running through Dec. 22, when stopgap funding is scheduled to expire. The White House and lawmakers said the extension buys them more time to reach agreement on several end-of-year agenda items, including the budget, a children's health program and aid for hurricane-battered areas of the country.
Trump spent the weekend at their Palm Beach estate, arriving from Pensacola. They flew to Jackson, Mississippi, on Saturday to speak at the opening of the Mississippi Civil Rights Museum and planned to return to the White Houses on Sunday night.
___
Follow Darlene Superville on Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/dsupervilleap
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
By ANDY WOLF
STAFF WRITER
Senior year.
One last shot.
Unfortunately, two area girls track and field athletes, both former state qualifiers, won't get one last shot.
Hopewell-Loudon's Bailey Jameson and Elmwood's Allison Arnold both suffered torn ACLs late in their respective basketball seasons.
Their competitive prep sports days are over.
“It didn't set in until (April 4). I went to a track meet for the first time,” Jameson said.
“The whole time I've been super positive and tried to keep a good outlook on
it. That just hit then, just watching everybody for the first time.”
“It's really hard,” Arnold said. “I was out cross-country and basketball season
because I tore my ACL last year. I had a lot of goals for this season. Not being able to run kind of hurts.”
Jameson was fresh off a 14th-place finish in the Division III long jump last year.
Arnold was a state-qualifier in the 400-meter dash as a sophomore, placing 16th in a time of 1:05.32.
While both are accomplished athletes, their injury histories are completely opposite.
Jameson stayed healthy until suffering their ACL tears a month ago.
Arnold's injury battles are ongoing since their sophomore season.
That year, they placed sixth at the Division II regional in the 800 — their favorite event.
“Not many people like the 800,” Arnold said. “It pumps a lot of adrenaline in you, the two laps. The first lap it's just, all adrenaline. The second lap, oh this is easy, I only have one lap left.”
Arnold developed tendinitis in their knee their sophomore year, forcing them to drop down in distance to the 400. Still, they were looking to build on the experience of being at state, but they tore their ACL the first time last April while high jumping.
“She's definitely had to overcome a lot of adversity,” Elmwood coach Eric Poffenbaugh said. “I think that's made them the quality person that they are. I can't think of anybody — ever — that's had to go through more than they have and she's always taken it with a positive attitude and looked for the best in it.”
At the time of their second ACL tear, basketball season was largely the focus.
Just getting back on the court was a goal in itself.
Arnold returned around mid-January and got “around 6-7 games” in before tearing it again.
“I don't really regret playing basketball because I wasn't supposed to play,” Arnold said. “My doctor didn't really want me to. They wanted me to focus on track and I like basketball and I wanted to help my team.”
Eerily enough, Jameson's and Arnold's on-court injuries occurred in a similar fashion.
“I was going up for a layup in the Rossford game (Jan. 23) and the girl behind me, just pushed back,” Arnold said.
Two weeks later, Jameson got injured in the last regular season game.
“Originally I thought I was just kind of running, non-contact, pivot wrong or something,” they said.
“But I watched the film and got a rebound, kind of dribbled off to the side to get a better shot and as I was shooting, got hit because it was a super close game, twisted and fell.
“As I was falling I felt it pop.”
Both schools enjoyed respectively successful seasons full of team accomplishments.
Elmwood shared a Northern Buckeye Conference title with Eastwood.
Hopewell-Loudon celebrated its first district title since 2007.
The Chieftains' run ended in the Division IV regional semifinals with a 62-46 loss to eventual state runner-up Ottoville.
“It was definitely rough,” Jameson said of watching their postseason run from the bench.
“I knew that I definitely played a part in getting there. It was definitely bittersweet. I was proud we had gotten that far, loved watching everyone play. Everyone really stepped up which was awesome.”
Another common quality both share is peaking at the right time.
Like Arnold, Jameson competed at regionals individually as a first-year student. They missed the podium by one spot, finishing ninth.
After failing to qualify for regional as a sophomore, Jameson seized their chance at redemption last spring, emerging from a crowded and hotly contested field to take runner-up honors with a leap of 16-91/4.
Them jump, a school-record mark, also broke their personal record by almost eight inches.
“The last jump to get to state I just kind of let loose,” Jameson said. “I didn't know how to translate that into my jump. Not only was I jumping further but the feel of it felt like I was doing really great.”
Meanwhile, Arnold's 2016 district time of 1:02.13 seeded their ninth in the regional field.
They ran the fifth-fasted preliminary time and tumbled across the finish line in fourth to qualify for state by two-hundredths of a second.
“The possibilities were going to be endless for her,” Poffenbaugh said. “Things just didn't work out and that's tough to see that for her.”
Still, one state trip is one more than many athletes get.
For that, Jameson and Arnold are both grateful.
“I definitely didn't take it for granted because definitely I was the only (H-L) person (there); everyone was focused on me,” Jameson said. “The community was very, very, supportive. I definitely spent the whole weekend taking it in. Knowing I would've gotten injured, I wouldn't have changed anything.”
Arnold added: “I definitely accomplished most of my goals I wanted to get throughout high school. I wanted to make it to state. I got that.
“I was a four-year letterman in basketball and track. I'd say it was pretty successful with injuries.”
Wolf: 419-427-8496,
Send an E-mail to andywolf
Comments
comments
Back in 2013 when Fukrey had released, it had collected 37 crores in its entire lifetime and was declared a Hit. Now Fukrey Returns is all set to be a Superhit since the film has accumulated pretty close to this number in just three days flat. This Excel production has reached 32 crores* in a matter of just three days which says a lot about how big it has turned out to be.
The film is exceeding expectations in a big way and after Golmaal Again has turned out to be yet another comedy which has grown manifold when compared to the last instalment of the franchise. The manner in which it is currently growing, it is set to double the collections of Fukrey in its lifetime as a 75 crore lifetime number is pretty much on the cards.
After Pyaar Ka Punchnama, this is yet another comic film that has seen such huge response from the audience despite the fact that there is no star appeal per se. It is a heartening success indeed for the industry and at least certain theater owners can heave a sigh of relief that their properties would have steady footfalls for next four weeks at least.
Trending
While Fukrey Returns should play well for at least two weeks, Tiger Zinda Hai would arrive on 22nd December and that would keep the ball rolling for weeks to come.
Joginder Tuteja tweets @tutejajoginder
2:18 Keller Girls Avoid Bi-District Upset, Outlast North Crowley Pause
0:20 Cowboys RB Ezekiel Elliott says Dez Bryant is about to take the league by storm
4:12 Jake Diekman talks surgery, recovery at Rangers camp
11:30 Two views of Jacqueline Craig's arrest: See the bodycam and cell phone videos side-by-side
2:16 Institutional racism targeted by FWISD policy
1:53 The Pastor at Babe's Chicken Dinner House
1:51 American Airlines flight attendants: "Love AAfair is over!"
1:32 Press Secretary says press should focus more on leaks than Flynn's resignation
0:52 Remains found in shallow grave identified as missing college student Zuzu Verk
Fifty homes to help those being assisted by Needs Assessment Unit, it's one of two proposals being brought to the legislative assembly by MLA Kenneth Bryan, through opposition motions.
Mr. Bryan says they are aiming for the motion to help those registered with the Needs Assessment Unit to find housing easier than before, they say with landlords not wanting to rent to government they are hoping with this motion government will either construct or buy 50 homes to help those in need.
“I want to stress its temporary , it's not cheap housing, its temporary assistance for housing, until you get yourself back on your feet, you have to go through all the regular protocols where you try to find yourself work, get yourself back on your feet, go back out into the housing market to rent or to buy,” said MLA for George Town Central, Kenneth Bryan.
Mr. Bryan is bringing another motion, which is seeking to raise the seamen's monthly stipend of $550 dollars a month to $1,000 dollars.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Print
Harold Richardson, Vincent Thames, Terrill Swift and Michael Saunders, were wrongly convicted of the 1994 rape and murder of Nina Glover. (WLS)
“Deneece is a collaborator, a leader and they inspire everyone around her,” said Chamber President Lane Beattie. “What they have done with Salt Lake Community College has been phenomenal. She's not only helping create the workforce of today, but she's helping shape the workforce of tomorrow.”
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Entrepreneurs Exchange, the nationwide programme connecting the next generation of entrepreneurs with the UK's most successful founders, is coming to Cambridge on March 2, when Mumsnet founder, Justine Roberts CBE, and founder of Coffee Republic, Sahar Hashemi OBE, will be the main speakers.
They will be talking about how they set up their businesses and grew them in this country and abroad, along with the challenges they faced and overcame.
The event is free and open to all, and will include networking.
International trade minister, Mark Garnier MP, said: “Initiatives like this play an important role in bringing together successful UK entrepreneurs with future business leaders to provide the advice and experience that will help them nurture their ideas and bring them to audiences far beyond the UK.
“The government is also ensuring entrepreneurs have the support they need in reaching new markets, that's why we launched our new export hub, great.gov.uk, providing free advice, financial and regulatory support and live export opportunities to match new businesses.”
The programme is taking place in 10 key locations across the country and is supported by HSBC as part of its commitment to SME banking.
The Cambridge event, at Hilton City Centre in Downing Street begins at 6pm.
Sign up to attend by going to entrepreneurs-exchange.co.uk
NEW YORK (AP) — A man convicted of murdering a woman in a Times Square budget hotel has been sentenced to 25 years to life in prison, nearly a decade after the killing.
Clarence Dean was sentenced Monday.
Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus Vance Jr. says Dean “committed a merciless and brutal act of violence against a vulnerable woman.”
Dean's lawyer didn't immediately return a call Monday for comment. They have said Dean plans to appeal.
Advertisement
Prosecutors said Dean killed Kristine Yitref in a rage in August 2007.
They were a convicted sex offender. They were a onetime design student who had become a drug-addicted prostitute.
Dean admitted choking Yitref, but denied killing them They said they blacked out while defending themselves from them and their pimp.
I've been writing about technology, careers, science and health since 1995. I rose to the lofty heights of Executive Editor for eWEEK, popped out with the 2008 crash, joined the freelancer economy, and am still writing for my beloved peeps at places like Sophos's Naked Security, CIO Mag, ComputerWorld, PC Mag, IT Expert Voice, Software Quality Connection, Time, and the US and British editions of HP's Input/Output. I respond to cash and spicy sites, so don't be shy.
LAHORE: Nawaz Sharif enjoyed a productive short stay in Pakistan because of the passage of Electoral Reforms Bill 2017 and their subsequent reinstatement as president of the Pakistan Muslim League-Nawaz (PML-N).
Mystery still surrounds the ruling party's success in getting the Bill through Senate by one vote (38-37) though despite its minority in the Upper House. PTI and MQM took action against respective senators that diverted from party lines, while PPP senators' absence went largely unaddressed.
Yet celebrating the return as party head might be as far as Nawaz's comeback plan stretches since he's still disqualified from holding public office. PML-N leaders, however, dispute the implied ‘indefinite' nature of the disqualification because Article 62-1(F) of the constitution is silent on the duration and the Supreme Court did not spell out the permanence in its judgement.
Constitutional amendment?
But legal and political experts outside PML-N agree that the disqualification is permanent.
“The only way Nawaz Sharif can contest an election again is by adding a time limit to such disqualifications through a constitutional amendment,” said Saiful Mulook, Supreme Court advocate and former vice president of the Lahore High Court Bar Association (LHCBA). “But that, even if possible to engineer, would still rule them out of the next electoral cycle.”
There is also the matter of NAB references against the Sharif family, which have a Supreme Court ordered cut-off date of six months. And since NAB Ordinance mandates that convictions also carry an automatic 10-year bar from holding public office, Nawaz's future is far from clear.
“The return to party presidency is a good symbolic win for Nawaz Sharif,” said Ayaz Amir, veteran journalist and political analyst. “But that is about it.”
After the GT Road rally and NA-120 victory, getting the PML-N presidency back means the optics are playing out well for the ousted prime minister.
It also means Nawaz has managed to hold the party together.
“The prospect of Shehbaz's ascent had led to news reports of possible divisions in the party and Nawaz has stopped such cracks from developing,” added Ayaz.
Defiance:
PML-N leaders, on the other hand, do not entertain questions about a possible constitutional amendment just yet because they believe Nawaz's disqualification can be overturned.
“The MNA Justice (r) Iftikhar Cheema case set a clear precedent,” said Daniyal Aziz, federal minister of privatisation and one of PML-N's most prominent spokespersons. “He was disqualified for concealing assets yet they were also back in the National Assembly in 45 days.”
The Supreme Court disqualified PML-N MNA Justice (r) Iftikhar Cheema, who was elected in the May 2013 general election from Punjab's Gujranwala-VII NA-101 constituency, for concealing their assets, in January 2016.
But they simply resubmitted their nomination papers in the next by-election, which the Election Commission accepted, and won again.
“Since a precedent has clearly been set, the same rules must apply to Nawaz Sharif,” Daniyal said.
Legal experts are of the opinion that disqualification from public office is of two types; one under election laws as encapsulated in the Representation of People Act, 1976 (ROPA) and the other under Articles 62 and 63 of the constitution. The former is a technical bar, which can be lifted at any time, while the latter is permanent, hence no mention of timeframe.
And Imran Khan?
Meanwhile, Imran Khan's future has also plunged into uncertainty just as PTI was drawing political advantage from Nawaz Sharif's disqualification.
As Hanif Abbasi's case against them nears completion, Imran's counsel's inability to satisfy the bench about GBP100,000 sitting in the accounts of Niazi Services Limited (NSL), an offshore company of which Imran was a beneficial owner till it was dissolved in 2015, has dominated the headlines.
Abbasi's counsel has repeatedly argued that Imran's omission of assets in their nomination papers mirrors Nawaz's case and therefore also deserves disqualification.
But PTI, at least, is not too worried.
“The basic premise of Hanif Abbasi's case revolved around money laundering,” said Fawad Chaudhry, PTI leader and spokesperson. Imran was accused of using laundered money to purchase their Bani Gala residence. “But once we provided nine banking transactions the money trail was established and the case was effectively finished.”
Then, they said, the chief justice enquired about Imran's London flat. It was not declared in the 1997 election because the law about asset declaration was introduced by Gen Musharraf in 2002. Once the financing and declaration of the flat was clear, the chief justice asked about NSL, which was also not declared.
“A company is legally a person which cannot be owned,” explained Fawad. “You can own shares in companies, which Imran did not in NSL, they were just the beneficial owner.”
And the benefit extended to owning their London apartment, which they did declare once legal formalities demanded it.
‘Not even minus-one-percent chance':
“As far as the ‘mysterious' GBP100,000 is concerned, it was kept to cover litigation expenses arising from a court case involving a tenant.”
Since the court found no dishonesty on Imran's part, and said so repeatedly during the hearing, PTI leaders are confident they will avoid the axe. There is not even “minus-one-percent chance” that Imran Khan will be disqualified, Fawad said.
“The most the court might do is order a detailed investigation into the matter, perhaps even form an investigation team or a commission, but I do not see a disqualification,” Advocate Saif of the Supreme Court said.
Political observers, too, largely do not expect Imran to be disqualified. And PML-N is expected to maneuver through parliament once again to introduce yet another constitutional amendment.
But that, like the Electoral Reforms Bill 2017, will require another mysterious victory in the Senate where PML-N remains in minority. It's not likely that PTI, especially if Imran survives the Abbasi scare, or MQM will repeat last time's mistake. That leaves PPP as the only door for PML-N to knock on.
© Bodo Schackow dpa / Global Look Press / Global Look Press
Internal border checks must stay in place in Germany for as long as the EU fails to protect its external borders, newly-appointed German Interior Minister Horst Seehofer said, slamming the Schengen Agreement."As things stand now, there are not too many border points in Germany that are permanently occupied," Seehofer told German weekly newspaper Die Welt am Sonntag."We will discuss whether that needs to change. After all, it is not just about preventing people from crossing borders illegally.Seehofer lambasted the landmark Schengen Agreement, which allows border control-free travel within the passport-free Schengen zone, made up of 26 European nations."Internal border checks must be in place for as long as the EU fails to effectively protect and control the external borders," the former Bavarian prime minister said.Schengen has repeatedly faced severe criticism for allowing migrants and home-grown terrorists to pass through borders "safe and sound," i.e. unchecked.Some blamed weak border control systems for allowing Anis Amri to stage the mid-December 2016 Christmas market attack in Berlin, which killed 12 people. Following the fatal attack, Amri managed to escape Germany first into France and then into Italy, where they were finally tracked down and killed in a shootout with Italian police in late December, 2016.Back then, authorities opened checkpoints along the border with the neighboring Austria,Border controls are also in place on flight connections from Greece.Austria, Denmark, Sweden, Norway and France (which reintroduced border checks after a series of deadly terrorist attacks in November of 2015) followed in Germany's footsteps. The five countries were later authorized to extend their temporal border controls until May 12, 2018. France will continue to conduct checks at the borders with the other Schengen zone states until late April.The Schengen Borders Code allows member states to reintroduce border control at the internal borders for up to six months in the event of a "serious threat to public policy or internal security."The duration of such a measure is strictly limited in time, allowed to be extended up to a maximum of two years.His stance is at odds with previous remarks from their own chancellor, Angela Merkel.Merkel, who has faced backlash for agreeing to take in up to one million migrants, reaffirmed their view of a multi-ethnic Germany."There are now 4 million Muslims living in Germany and they practice their religion here and these Muslims belong to Germany, as does their religion - Islam," they said on Friday.
New Delhi: Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Tuesday termed 2017 a special year and urged the youths to take the country ahead with determination to create a “New India”.
“This is a special year. This year we are celebrating 75th anniversary of the Quit India Movement, 100th anniversary of Champaran Satyagraha and 125th anniversary of Ganesh Utsav,” the Prime Minister said while addressing the nation after unfurling tricolour at the Red Fort on the 71st Independence Day.
“We have to take the country ahead with the determination for creating a New India,” they added.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi said that those born in the 21st century will decide the future of the nation and the year 2018 would be crucial for them in that quest.
"The year 2018 is significant for those born in the 21st century," Modi said in their speech on the occasion of Independence Day.
They said that from January 1, 2018, the millenials would start turning 18 and will then decide the future of the 21st century and shape the vision of a "New India".
"So I invite them to take this opportunity to shape the future of the nation and participate in India's development."
Recalling the combined efforts made between 1942 and 1947 to gain freedom, the Prime Minister appealed to the citizens to show similar power, effort and determination for the next five years to help the country progress.
The surgical strike on terrorist launch pads in Pakistani territory proved to the world India's strength, Modi added.
Praising the armed forces, the PM said, “In free India it is very important to protect the country. The surgical strike was a proof to the world about India's strength.”
They further maintained every soldier, irrespective of whether they were in the Army, Navy or Air Force, was contributing to the country.
“Our soldiers have stood against everything that is against the country such as infiltrators, militants… The world has seen our strength.”
They came down heavily on those who have looted the nation and the poor and said that these people are now not able to sleep peacefully. Those who own “benami” properties are facing difficult times now, they pointed out.
“Soon after the Benami Act was implemented, the government has seized benami properties worth Rs 800 crore,” they said.
They said their government had implemented the demand for One Rank One Pension (OROP) for military personnel after it had been kept pending for 30-40 years.
CHICAGO (AP) — Eric Thames homered in their club record-tying fifth straight game and the streaking Milwaukee Brewers turned back the Chicago Cubs 6-3 on Monday night.
Milwaukee never trailed after the Thames hit an opposite-field homer to snap a 3-3 tie in the third inning. Jeromy Burnitz became the first and last Brewers player to homer in five straight games in August, 1997.
Ryan Braun and Jeff Bandy also went deep for Milwaukee, the only team to hit as many as three homers in a game off Chicago starter John Lackey (1-2) last season. The victory was the Brewers' sixth in the last seven games.
The Cubs lost for a fourth straight time, their worst stretch since a five-game skid from July 5-9 last season.
Advertisement
Brewers starter Chase Anderson (2-0) pitched five innings of three-run, seven-hit ball to pick up the victory. They walked two batters and struck out five. Neftali Felix pitched a scoreless ninth for their fifth save in as many tries.
Milwaukee added a pair of insurance runs in the eighth inning on Braun's RBI double and steal of third base followed by catcher Willson Contreras' throwing error.
Chicago trailed 3-1 when Albert Almora Jr. reached Anderson for a two-run double in the third inning. The hit scored Jason Heyward and Miguel Montero, who had led off with singles.
It took the Brewers three batters to break through against Lackey in the first inning.
After the Thames extended their hit streak to 10 games with a one-out double, Braun unloaded their seventh homer in the last nine games versus the Cubs. Braun's 651st extra-base hit moved them into second place with Paul Molitor on the Brewers' all-time list.
Chicago closed to within 2-1 on Ben Zobrist's two-out single in the bottom half of the inning.
Bandy quickly restored the two-run lead with a homer to open the second inning.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Brewers: RHP Matt Garza (strained right groin) had their rehab start moved from Triple A Colorado Springs to Class A Wisconsin on Monday due to forecast of rain in Nashville. The hope is that Garza can pitch with no limits before their return to the parent club this weekend. . RHP Junior Guerra (strained right calf) began workouts on a treadmill. Manager Craig Counsell offered no timetable for their return.
TRADING PLACES
Chicago RHP Carl Edwards Jr. was activated after bereavement leave and OF Tommy La Stella was placed on the same list. Edwards was available for the opener of the three-game series against Milwaukee.
La Stella is 1 for 4 with one double and one RBI in six games this season.
UP NEXT
Brewers: RHP Jimmy Nelson (1-0, 1.38) will take a 1-6 career record versus the Cubs into their start on Tuesday.
Cubs: LHP Brett Anderson (1-0, 0.84) will get the call against the Brewers on Tuesday. They have no decisions in two career starts against them.
Kundan Shah died of a heart attack in Mumbai on October 7. They were 70. The director of the classic comedy Jaane Bhi Do Yaaro and the television shows Yeh Jo Hai Zindagi and Nukkad trained to be an accountant before enrolling in the Film and Television Institute of India in 1973. In Jai Arjun Singh's account of the making of Jaane Bhi Do Yaaro, Shah talks about their formative years and their early influences.
There are all indications that Kundan Shah was destined to follow the path taken by scores of good Gujarati boys from baniya families: pursue commerce in college and then join their father's import-export business or start something of their own. Looking at them even today, you realize how well they would have fit the part.
‘If they were to walk past you, you'd take them for an accountant,' Naseeruddin Shah wrote in an article for Tehelka magazine, and nothing in Kundan's appearance or routine disproves this idea. Conservatively dressed, they go to their two room office (located a couple of buildings away from their house) in the morning and maintains the hours that you would expect from someone in a non-creative profession. Those who have dealt closely with them say that they are a workaholic who revises and re-revises their scripts and makes detailed notes and drafts for everything they do; but outwardly, there is little hint of that fabled beast, the Temperamental Artist. At first glance, they resemble the titular everyman from Wagle Ki Duniya, the popular TV serial they directed in the 1980s. (In an amusing black-and-white photo taken on the sets of that show, Kundan looks more Wagle-like than Anjan Srivastava, the actor who played the role.) It's no surprise that they were pitch-perfect in their one-minute, two-line role as amild-mannered pharmacy-store attendant scared of a ruffian in Rabindra Dharmaraj's 1981 film Chakra.
But it's when you start talking to them that you feel the full force of their rage and curiosity, the willingness to hold a magnifying glass to things most of us take for granted—rare qualities in a man now in their sixties, an age where even the most radical people tend to slip into quiet acceptance. They rant about the crippling hegemony of power, condemns the nexus between politicians, big business and media, directs colourful abuse at just about anyone in a position of authority (industrialist, politician, media baron), wonders aloud whether Marxism might not have been the best idea after all (‘Communism has become a bad word because of Stalin and others, but at least it was based on good intentions') and whether we should all go back to the single-TV channel era, given the rubbish on the tube these days.
The journey to ‘Jaane Bhi Do Yaaro'
Politically, it's obvious that Kundan leans towards the Left, but there's something abstract about their criticisms—he isn't anti-Congress or anti-BJP, he's against any party that has become so big that it has lost touch with the struggles of the man on the street. No wonder that the idea of the ‘little person' carried along by a tide beyond their control, struggling just to make it from one day to the next, runs through much of their work. There's a wonderful scene in their dialogue-less short film The Hero, where Deepak Dobriyal, playing a sprightly commuter on the bridge connecting two platforms of a suburban station, is swamped by the sea of humanity that has just emerged from a Mumbai local train. The shot immediately evokes scenes from Jaane Bhi Do Yaaro: Vinod and Sudhir at the inauguration of Beauty Photo Studio, being ignored by—almost overrun by—a group of people headed for the photo studio next door; the spectacular aerial shot of hundreds of ordinary people scurrying about their daily lives while the powerful builder Tarneja holds a self-aggrandizing press conference dozens of feet above them; the final image of Vinod and Sudhir, dressed in prison clothes, walking amidst a large office-going crowd.
Play Jaane Bhi Do Yaaro (1983).
But for all Kundan's outpourings, it doesn't take much for a childlike enthusiasm to show itself—as when they excitedly discuss the conspiracy theories outlined in the cult Internet film Zeitgeist (which they greatly admire): was 9/11 an inside job? Does a secret clique of people really control practically everything in the world? ‘Don't you agree that we live in a banana republic?' they ask after pausing for breath. Then they lighten up, chuckles. ‘Being frustrated is part of my job,' they say. ‘If I'm not frustrated I can't write.'
Until they were thirteen, their family lived in Aden, where they studied in a Gujarati-medium school, and some of their earliest memories are of the children's magazines supplied by a ‘mobile librarian' who would go from door to door. Thrillers were their entry point into the world of literature and they also provided them with a means of articulation. ‘Our school textbooks were boring—textbooks always are—so I began entertaining myself by using the language of thrillers and pulp fiction to answer questions in school . . . and I would even get good marks as a result of it! Obviously, one had to read the textbooks to know the material, but I didn't care to write my answers in the same, dull language.'
When the family shifted to Bombay and they joined an English-medium school, they struggled with the new language for a while and then, once again, turned to thrillers for education as well as nourishment. Even as they moved to more highbrow books, they maintain that they came to literature through pulp fiction. ‘Machiavelli, Camus, Stendhal, I read them all, but I read them as pulp,' they are fond of saying.
There were no playgrounds in Sion, but there were movie halls. Old movies would be clubbed together—there would be a ‘Filmistan week', for instance, where films like Munimji and Paying Guest would play as a double bill. ‘We went for morning shows, mainly. It was pure entertainment.'
Though they didn't yet have a professional interest in films, at a subconscious level they were registering little things about what made them tick. And an early, intuitive understanding of comedy grew around the same time, even though they had no special interest in the genre.
The message in ‘Paigham'
A light-hearted scene from the Dilip Kumar–Vyjayanthimala starrer Paigham was their introduction to the idea of the ‘comic foil'—the person who has to be the butt of a joke and through whose predicament the audience gets its laughs. In the scene, which has nothing to do with the main narrative of the film (‘It could easily have been left out, but it stayed and became a beautiful, fortuitous moment'), Dilip Kumar and Vyjayanthimala are sitting together, having just sung a song. ‘There must have been other girls beside me in your life?' they ask them casually, not a commonplace topic of conversation in a 1950s' Hindi movie. Kumar assures them that she's the only one, but when they keep probing, they invent a story about a fantastic love affair. As Vyjayanthimala starts getting more and more jealous, comedy develops.
When the time came for deciding what subject to take in college, the school principal asked everyone in the class what they wanted to do. ‘I was petrified, I had no idea what to say when my turn came.' Their turn never came. The principal just looked at him, said, ‘Oh, you're a baniya's son, so you'll take commerce', and moved on to the next boy.
The boy stuck to the prewritten script and took commerce. But they kept reading books and watching movies.
At the film institute
A dazed and confused young man is sitting in the Deccan Queen heading from Bombay to Pune. Having spent nearly four years working in the promissory department of a publishing house—a secure, orderly, 9-to-5 job—he is on their way to the Films and Television Institute of India (FTII) for an interview, driven by a compulsion even they can't understand. He's nervous: they don't know much about world cinema beyond popular American and British films. But here, in their compartment, is a boy reading a book about a 1940s' Italian film called Bicycle Thieves. ‘Fuck, this is my competition,' they think. A while later, when the scenery outside becomes picturesque, they see a poet manqué sitting on the steps and gazing out dreamily. ‘Another of those artistic types!' They lose hope.
At the campus, they discovered that even facial hair carried an authority of its own in cultural circles: nearly everyone else was wearing beards that made them look serious and scholarly, and Kundan was clean shaven since they were working in a regimented job. They had never been in this sort of milieu before.
‘There were a bunch of interviewers sitting in this fucking big semi-circle,' they say; among them was Hrishikesh Mukherjee, the highly regarded director of such films as Anupama, Satyakam and Anand. Luckily, they didn't ask them questions about Fellini or Antonioni; instead, one of the professors who taught scriptwriting started discussing literature with him, and this was an area where they felt at home. A smooth throwaway line helped too: when the principal warned them that film-making could be a frustrating profession, Kundan replied, ‘But frustration is a part of every creative activity—you have to turn your frustration into creativity.'
They were selected for one of the ten seats in the direction course. There had been 130 candidates, most of them well bearded). Their father was worried that they were giving up the security of a job, but Kundan's idea was to while away three years at the institute and see whether they were any good at it or not— otherwise, they would start over again.
Excerpted with permission from Jaane Bhi Do Yaaro Seriously Funny Since 1983, Jai Arjun Singh, HarperCollins India.
(see related story on man beaten to death by a psychiatric patient) Rome, July 3 - Interior Minister Matteo Salvini on Wednesday criticised Tito Boeri, the head of social security and pensions agency INPS, for repeatedly stressing the positive impact of migrants in Italy, and suggested they could be involved in upcoming changes. "Positive, clean immigration, which brings ideas, energy and respect with it, is welcome," Salvini, who is also deputy premier and leader of the rightwing League party, said in a video on Facebook. "My problem is with criminals, like the one who killed a 77-year-old Italian in Sessa Aurunca, beaten by one of these so-called resources who are supposedly paying our pensions. "This is because there are some superstars who say the situation would be a disaster without migrants. I'm thinking of the president of INPS. "But there is lots that needs to be changed, including in this part of the public system". Boeri has said migrants are needed to keep Italy's pension system sustainable and they have also criticised the government's plans to overhaul the 2011 Fornero pension reform.
In today's phone tap there is a serious financial issue to handle! A young lady's bank accounts have been hacked… and luckily for them Jubal will be calling to help them out. Except there is one thing… Jubal isn't that serious. In fact, there is only ONE THING in the whole wide world they are serious about… Listen to the podcast below to find out what it is!
There's no denying that The Handmaid's Tale is dark, but over the course of the first season, the Hulu drama has begun to focus more on the hope that this world can change rather than just how those trapped in Gilead manage to survive it. And in the season finale, the handmaids acted on that hope and finally experienced a much-needed (and much-deserved) win.
[Spoiler alert: The following contains spoilers from The Handmaid's Tale season finale.]
In Wednesday's episode "Night," Aunt Lydia (Ann Dowd) gathers the handmaids for a ritualistic stoning. And though we've seen the enslaved women brutally beat a man to death earlier this season without hesitation, this time is different. This time, it's one of their own in the center of the circle.
The women are horrified to learn that the person Aunt Lydia wants them kill is Janine (Madeline Brewer), who was sentenced to death after kidnapping and nearly killing their child. Ofglen is the first to speak out against this ghastly order, saying it's insane to ask them to kill their friend. When they refuse to get back in line, a Guardian hits them in the face with the barrel of their gun and drags them off.
Add Dynasty to your Watchlist now!
With everyone else frozen in indecision, it's up to Offred (Elisabeth Moss) to take action. With a steely poise, they walk into the center of the circle until she's face-to-face with Aunt Lydia. Offred holds out their hand and drops the rock to their feet before issuing a faux apology."I'm sorry, Aunt Lydia." Soon, the other handmaid's follow suit, throwing their stones to the ground where Janine continues to sit unharmed.
Having never faced a rebellion like this, a shaken Aunt Lydia orders the women to return to their homes, but warns them that there will be consequences -- not that the women seem too worried about it in the moment. Instead, they seem empowered. Refusing to kill Janine was only the first step, but it was an important one. It was proof -- to the handmaids and those in charge -- that they have more power than Gilead leads them to believe.
It will be interesting to see how the handmaids and Mayday rebellion are able to build upon this public showing of solidarity, autonomy and strength in Season 2. It'll be even more interesting to see the role Offred plays in the rebellion's next steps seeing as the finale left them in the back of an Eye's van pregnant with Nick's (Max Minghella) child.
But no matter where Offred is headed in the final moments of the season, she'll find their way back into the fray of the rebellion soon enough. We have a feeling they'll need them
The Handmaid's Tale's entire first season is available on Hulu now.
Intel's open-source Beignet OpenCL project for implementing CL/GPGPU support for Intel graphics hardware is on the edge of a big milestone.We've been seeing more OpenCL 2.0 code land in Beignet while over night there was yet more code to land: for OpenCL 2.0 there was device enqueue work cl_kernel pointer to GPGPU , and other work.One of the final commits though is what excited us this morning: add an option to enable OpenCL 2.0 . With the latest Git code, Intel users can now officially expose OpenCL 2.0 support rather than just OpenCL 1.2.The OpenCL 2.0 support isn't enabled by default currently but -DENABLE_OPENCL_20 must be set for the CMake build system. Additionally, the OpenCL 2.0 support is just for Intel Skylake "Gen 9" graphics and newer. As well, Beignet must be built against LLVM 3.9+ and libdrm 2.4.66+ for meeting the requirements for being able to expose OpenCL 2.0 for Intel GPUs on Linux.Great milestone to end the year for this open-source OpenCL project, I'll be trying to run some fresh Beignet OpenCL benchmarks shortly. Meanwhile the Clover Gallium3D-based OpenCL implementation is basically abandoned at OpenCL 1.1, AMD is still working on open-sourcing their newer ROCm code, the AMD binary driver currently advertises OpenCL 1.2 as does the NVIDIA proprietary Linux driver. Hopefully there will be a more fruitful open-source OpenCL ecosystem in 2017.
The word for today is…
duplicity (noun) – 1 (a) Deliberate deceptiveness in behavior or speech.
(b) An instance of deliberate deceptiveness; double-dealing.
2. The quality or state of being twofold or double.
Source : The Free Dictionary
Etymology : Early 15th century, from Old French duplicite (13th century), from Late Latin duplicitatem (nominative duplicitas) “doubleness,” in Medieval Latin “ambiguity,” noun of quality from duplex (genitive duplicis) “twofold.” The notion is of being “double” in one's conduct (compare Greek diploos “treacherous, double-minded,” literally “twofold, double”).
Max Abrahms‏ @MaxAbrahms - 2:07 PM - 16 Apr 2017
After reading dozens of stories about the Shia massacre yesterday in Syria I've come to the conclusion it was perpetrator-less.
The War Nerd‏ @TheWarNerd - 11:53 AM - 16 Apr 2017
We find that "at least 112" Shia refugees were killed. By whom? Oh, it's a real whodunit according to Reuters... link
But the BBC, CNN and other western media will not tell you that.
Syria war: 'At least 68 children among 126 killed' in bus bombing
At least 68 children were among 126 people killed in Saturday's bomb attack on buses carrying evacuees from besieged Syrian towns, activists say.
A vehicle filled with explosives hit the convoy near Aleppo.
It happened when a vehicle loaded with food arrived and started distributing crisps, attracting many children, before exploding, the BBC's Middle East correspondent Lina Sinjab said.
They said it was not clear how the vehicle could have reached the area without government permission.
But there is also no evidence that rebels were involved in the attack, as the government claims.
It would not be in the rebels' interest, our correspondent says, as they were waiting for their own supporters to be evacuated from the other towns.
Elijah J. Magnier @EjmAlrai
The "four cities deal" includes Qatari hostages, money, prisoners of war, prisoners and corps
The 1st step (evacuating civilians under the age of 15) was concluded.
The 2d step will evacuate all militants
The 3d step will include the exchange of prisoners held by Damascus, Hezbollah and al-Qaeda corps and prisoners
The 4th step will incl the release of Qatari hostages held in Iraq (not yet released) & the payment of ransom to AQ.
Two smaller cities in the northern "rebel"-controlled Idleb governate, Al Foa and Kafriya, have been under "rebel" siege for over two years. Local government aligned forces are defending them. The civilian inhabitants are of Shia belief and seen by the sectarian Sunni "rebels" as unbelievers only worthy of death. The cities are supplied by airdrops from government helicopters. Meanwhile two "rebel" controlled cities near Damascus, Zabadani and Madaya, in the south are held under siege by government forces. They are sparsely supplied by UN and Red Cross convoys.A wide ranging agreement was needed to solve the unsustainable situation.In December an agreement had allowed for the exchange of wounded civilians. When buses were on their way to evacuate elderly and wounded from the two northern cities. New buses had to be sent but in the end the exchange worked out.Last week a new agreement had been reached aboutof the cities. All inhabitants of the northern cities were to be brought to government-held areas. All inhabitants of the southern cities to the "rebel"-held areas. Iran, speaking for the Syrian government, and Qatar, a financer of the radical "rebels", negotiated the deal."Rebel" groups in Idelb government are either aligned with al-Qaeda in Syria or with the Qatari-sponsored Ahrar al Sham. Ahrar al-Sham is the group responsible for the execution of the negotiated population exchange. Parts of al-Qaeda have publicly disagreed with the deal.Yesterday some 5,000 inhabitants of the northern cities, mainly women and children, were brought by bus convoy to the government-held city of Aleppo but were stopped while still in the "rebel"-controlled area. Inhabitants from the southern city had been brought up to Aleppo and were kept under government guard. Some additional negotiations about a minor issue were going on.The civilians in their buses, mostly elderly, women and children, were guarded by "rebels" of Ahrar al Sham. They were hungry. Someone appeared on the scene and distributed crisps.Four buses full of people and a number of cars were totally destroyed (Pics: 1 3 ).127 of the civilians, only a mile or two from the safe government area, were killed in the suicide attack including 95 children. Many more were wounded.There is no serious disagreement about what happened.It is obvious that the suicide attack was committed by al-Qaeda in Syria.. The government aligned forces have not committed any suicide attacks while al-Qaeda as well as Ahrar al Sham have committed hundreds. This was a "rebel" suicide attack, likely by al-Qaeda, against government aligned civilian refugees.CNN called the massacre "a hiccup" . The first Washington report was illustrated with a pastoral scene of "Shias" walking in a green field. The write-ups disguise to the average reader on which side that vast numbers of casualties of the incident were. They will not say who the likely culprits are. Some insinuate, against all logic, that the government did it.The most recent BBC report on the massacre is one of the worst of this propaganda genre. Assume for a moment you have not read the above, only the following:80% of the readers will only read the headline and maybe the first graphs. Who will they assume killed whom?Those who actually read further will learn that some of the victims were Shia and that "evacuees from government-held towns were killed, along with aid workers and rebel soldiers." (Since when are Ahrar's marauding beheaders "soldiers"? Was this dude also a "soldier"?)I have read a lot of anti-Syrian propaganda but never such a vile smear. "It was not clear how the vehicle could have reached the area without [Syrian] government permission." Well - a vehicle from that area could drive right up to the BBC's head-office in London, explode and kill many people without "Syrian government permission." (Maybe one should - just for demonstration purpose.)with open borders to Turkey from where they are supplied. Any of the "rebel" groups that committed suicide attacks over the last years has free access to it.They also know that "rebels" are not united at all and that their interests diverge. It is completely clear who committed this massacre. But the BBC insinuates "the government did it."More people died in this attack than in the Khan Sheikhun chemical incident which killed some people in a rebel-held area. The incident was likely a false flag attack staged by the "rebels" without involvement of the government side. A Trump NSC report falsely claimed evidence that the Syrian government was the guilty party in that incident and the U.S. then bombed one of the Syrian airports.The victims of yesterday's massacre will get much less media coverage than the few actually documented victims of the Khan Sheikhun incident. That bit they will get will abuse the dead, as BBC does, to incite against the vast majority of the Syrian people who are with their government.Damascus decided that the deal and the evacuation should continue despite the massacre. The two cities in Idleb are too exposed and indefensible against a large scale attack. No bigger government operation towards Idleb can take place while they are held hostage.- April 17, 3:00amEliah J. Magnier reports (Arabic) further details of the "4 cities" exchange deal.He tweeted the main steps:
The Voice kicked off its live playoffs Monday, with singers on Team Blake Shelton and Team Alicia Keys shouting and shoo-be-doo-be-dooing for a spot in the Top 12. The fight was fierce from the get-go, with standouts on both teams making it clear that picking winners and losers would be tough. Here's who's moving ahead, and who got sent home.
TEAM BLAKE
Moving on to Top 12: TSoul, Aliyah Moulden, Lauren Duski
Eliminated: Casi Joy, Felicia Temple, Aaliyah Rose
Notable performances from singers in Top 12:
- TSoul, "Knock on Wood" by Eddie Floyd. As they often do, TSoul relied a lot on complicated, old-school Baptist church hollerin' runs that unfortunately reveal where their voice strains. Of course, their strains could have been due to the fact that they were working that stage like a drag queen lip synching for their life, doing everything from one-legged hops, spins and that crossed-legged-to-standing move that looked like something you'd try to do in a fitness class with only moderate level of success. Especially if you're trying to sing. That said, their schtick worked: Blake advanced him.
- Aliyah Moulden, "Mercy" by Duffy. Aliyah had impressive, confident command over this track and they were as cute as a Hello Kitty plush toy while doing it too. They did, however, sound a bit like the 15-year-old that they are; as Blake indicated before their performance, she'd make a great pop singer, which is a really kind way of framing up that their voice sounds like that of a teenager. A good teenager, but still.
Notable performances from singers who got eliminated:
- Casi Joy, "Parachute" by Chris Stapleton
Despite kicking off the show with a high energy performance Adam called A+, they got sent packing.
- Felicia Temple, "Defying Gravity" from Wicked
Resurrected by Blake, Felicia made you want to root for them because she's a whole package: beautiful, bubbly and confident. Though there were one or two moments where they lost footing, they killed that ending like it had on ruby shoes and they aren't going home without them. "I can't believe you just did that," Blake said. We can! But it mattered little in the end.
Casi Joy, The Voice
TEAM ALICIA
Moving on to Top 12: Chris Blue, Vanessa Ferguson and Stephanie Rice
Eliminated: Anatalia Villaranda, Jack Cassidy, Ashley Levin
Notable performances from singers in Top 12:
- Chris Blue, "Love on the Brain" by Rihanna
I was worried in watching their warm-up package that Chris was going to sound shrill and shriek-y but they really pulled this together, giving some muscle to it -- more muscle, arguably, than the source material. Are they the best soul singer in the game? Hard to say, but he's certainly one of the best. Gwen called them mesmerizing, which is saying a lot since their multicolored Kermit the Frog collared shirt IS the definition of mesmerizing.
- Vanessa Ferguson, "Lean On" by Major Lazer
What a talent! While working an Ellen DeGeneres-approved pantsuit and sneakers ensemble topped off with a dramatic hat from the Janelle Monae collection, Ferguson showed she's the real deal: tickling the digital ivories and masterfully making the EDM tune their own. As Adam says, "You're ready. You're ready to do this now." Are they the one to beat?
- Stephanie Rice, "Every Breath You Take" by The Police
Wow! We already knew Stephanie poured their entire self into their songs, but they really took things to the next level this time. Them interpretation was slower, more deliberate and more mysterious than the one we all know and love, and it earned them a spot in the Top 12.
Notable performances from singers who got eliminated:
- Anatalia Villaranda "Stand By Me" by Ben E. King
Filipino firecracker Anatalia has been a pure delight to watch from Day 1 in this competition and once again, they cartwheeled their way right into your heart with a nearly perfect rendition of this soul classic. Though they often seem like their veins pump soda instead of blood and that if they got too excited she'd explode and send candy shooting out of their head, they were steady and measured, sounding like a pro. The perpetually happy camper will be over this loss in no time.
- Ashley Levin "I Can't Stand the Rain" by Ann Peebles
Ashley really slayed this song, sounding very much like a Nashville veteran. Infusing their rendition with equal parts country, soul and rock, Ashley sounded ready to share a stage with the Miranda Lamberts and Carrie Underwoods of the world, and now they have that chance.
Which of Monday's performances was your favorite?
The Voice airs Monday and Tuesdays at 8/7c on NBC.
CAMDEN, N.J. (AP) - Another federal prison inmate serving a sentence for trafficking in child pornography has admitted possessing child sex abuse images and videos inside the prison.
Federal prosecutors in New Jersey say Brian McKay pleaded guilty Tuesday. The 47-year-old Brookhaven, Pa. man faces at least 10 years in prison when he's sentenced Aug. 6.
Prosecutors say McKay was among several Fort Dix inmates who used contraband cellphones and removable storage cards to share child porn. Three other inmates have pleaded guilty to possessing child porn and are awaiting sentencing, while charges are pending against four others.
McKay admitted having memory card that contained about 593 images and 645 videos of children being sexually abused, including sadistic and masochistic sexual conduct involving infants and toddlers.
When President Donald Trump returns Monday night to the city where they were raised and made their name, there won't be a homecoming parade down Fifth Avenue.
Instead, critics said they hope to pack New York City streets with protesters — some organizing with greater urgency against their ramped-up rhetoric in the nuclear standoff with North Korea and their denouncement of violence in the deadly Charlottesville, Virginia, clashes without directly condemning white nationalism.
The Republican president is scheduled to travel to their deep-blue stomping grounds for their first extended stay since taking office nearly seven months ago. Anti-Trump activists say they believe they had previously steered clear because they know New York City rejects him.
“It's definitely hostile territory,” said Renata Pumarol of New York Communities for Change, which condemns Trump policies that adversely impact low-income housing. “He definitely must know that he's actually despised by the majority of New Yorkers.”
That includes left-leaning elected officials who control the city.
“I don't believe they incorporate any of our values and I know there's a large number of people that did not vote for him, therefore I believe he's not welcome here,” City Council Speaker Melissa Mark-Viverito told reporters, adding Sunday amid the Charlottesville conflict that Trump incited the violence by bringing out the country's “ugly underbelly of racism.”
advertisement | advertise on newsday
Mayor Bill de Blasio said Trump is set to be in New York from Monday to Wednesday, but noted that the schedule was subject to change.
The president was initially expected in the city late Sunday. Some protesters took to the streets Sunday night anyway, even though Trump was not in town.
Trump told reporters Friday that they would make a daylong trip Monday to Washington, D.C., for a “pretty big news conference.”
Trump told reporters they would love to spend more time at “my home in Trump Tower, but it's very, very disruptive to do.” They noted the street closures and said their trips are “probably more disruptive than any” past presidents'.
De Blasio and others have said they expected Trump would return more often than they have.
After all, Trump was reared in Queens and oversaw their real estate and reality TV empires from their eponymous high-rise, which also housed the offices for their campaign and transition.
But the president has preferred in recent months to travel to campaign rallies in more conservative, working-class strongholds around the country where they won the vote. They spent several winter weekends at their Mar-a-Lago golf resort in Florida and warmer ones at their golf club in Bedminster, New Jersey.
Trump visited Manhattan in early May for a couple of hours to speak at the Intrepid Sea, Air & Space Museum and last month toured friendlier territory in Suffolk County.
Council Member Joe Borelli, one of three Republicans in the 51-member council and a Trump champion, said, “It's important to remember that there are New Yorkers like me who are happy and excited that the president is in town.”
Borelli's Staten Island is the only borough Trump won.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
In Manhattan, where Trump lived and worked, only about 10 percent of the 2016 vote went to him.
Veteran political consultant Hank Sheinkopf noted that Trump spent decades cultivating an image in the tabloids as a real estate mogul who helped shaped the city's skyline.
“That very image that they created as a New Yorker and as a benevolent rich man are being destroyed” by their presidential actions, Sheinkopf said, “and it must be hard for them to come back to that.”
Bill Lipton, state director of the progressive Working Families Party, which has organized and participated in numerous counter-Trump demonstrations, remembered pre-politician Trump less favorably.
“We've always known who they are: a lying shill for the richest and a threat to working families,” Lipton said.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
Others take an even dimmer view.
“We're going to mobilize masses and masses and masses of people,” said Sunsara Taylor of Refuse Fascism, a group launched in December in response to Trump's election. “In this city, there are millions of people who detest what they stand for.”
Among the planned protests is a Monday night mock funeral for the country called “Trump is Killing Us.” Demonstrators were to flock to Trump Tower wearing black in mourning.
A Monday afternoon event, also near Trump Tower, calls for participants to “stand against warmonger Trump, white supremacy and hatred!”
Presidential historian Douglas Brinkley, a Rice University professor, said Trump's deeply unpopular standing with their hometown may have no precedent.
Franklin Delano Roosevelt's home of Duchess County never voted for them for president and Jimmy Carter was a Democrat from very red Georgia. But, Brinkley said, “There's not really hometown pride in Trump as there is embarrassment.”
With Matthew Chayes
Blade Runner is my favorite movie, which you will know immediately on meeting me because I never shut up about it. Luckily for me, the new Blade Runner 2049 movie means people don't roll their eyes as much when I talk about it lately, plus all of my maker friends are whipping up amazing new Blade Runner inspired projects that you can do too!
3D Printed Deckard's Blaster
First up is the 3D printed “Deckard's Blaster” by Andrew Forster on 3D Central. This is an impressive 3D printed build, and utilizes wood filaments with staining techniques to get a rich wood feel for the grip. The end result is a beautiful working prop complete with spinning cylinders and embedded LEDs.
Toy Gun Deckard's Blaster
Sean Huxter's fascinating build combines toy guns, off the shelf electronics, fabrication from common household parts and detailed study of film photos in a kind of kit bashing style to achieve an amazing end result that is spot on.
Voight-Kampff Workstation Magnifier Lamp
Next up is this amazing Voight-Kampff Workstation Magnifier Lamp by caitlinssuperdad on Youtube, which uses Adafruit Neopixels with an Arduino Uno. This build has it all: a working bellows, the empathy meter, and an eye in an OLED screen as the test subject. I love the idea of making functional builds from the movie. The sound design in this build is fantastic too.
Meehan's Voight-Kampff Machine
Tom Meehan's ongoing project log on Hackaday to build a functional working Voight-Kampff Machine, complete with emotional detection of actual subjects, is an engaging journey I have been following for a couple months. Watching as they experiment with gear, mechanics, and sensors to detect various stimuli is incredibly cool. Following along with a project build is a great way to learn how makers think and work, seeing where the different paths lead is helpful for my own maker journeys and inspirations.
Blade Runner Geometric Tiles
The production design of Blade Runner fascinates me like every other fan, and I dream of doing my entire home in a retrofuture style. Inspired by Deckard's apartment decor? Print your own Blade Runner geometric tiles with this fabulous model by Keenan on Thingiverse.
Officer K's Gun
Fans are already gearing up for Blade Runner 2049 cosplay. You can find Officer K's gun modeled on Thingiverse by Chicken956. It's always amazing to me to watch the fan community research and design prop builds from a few frames of video, or set stills.
3D Printed Gaff Origiami Unicorn
My good friend Tamara Gray of Burbank Makerspace modeled up this gorgeous 3D printed Gaff Origami Unicorn. Look for the model on Thingiverse!
Actual Origami Unicorn
But for those purists who want to fold their own Origami Unicorn, Duke Harper has this excellent tutorial.
Adam Savage's Blade Runner Blaster Prop
And finally, as always, worth your time to browse Adam Savage's Blade Runner Blaster Gallery and read their story to view a master craftsman's journey to replicate a prop they love. The video of them meeting the actual Blaster prop owned by Dan Lanigan is wonderful as well, their excitement and reverence is a beautiful thing to watch.
FILE - In this Nov. 9, 2017, file photo, Janet Jackson attends the 22nd Annual OUT100 Celebration Gala at the Altman Building in New York. Jackson wants to make it crystal clear: They will not be joining Justin Timberlake during the Super Bowl halftime show Sunday, Feb. 4, 2018. (Andy Kropa/Invision)
Together again? Not so much.
Janet Jackson has shut down any rumours that they will be joining Justin Timberlake during this year's Super Bowl halftime show.
“To put to rest any speculation or rumours as to whether I will be performing at the Super Bowl tomorrow; I will not,” Jackson said in a statement released Saturday. “Thank you for your support and I do look forward to seeing you all very soon.”
Timberlake is returning to the halftime show 14 years after a wardrobe malfunction with Jackson caused a national controversy. Timberlake was Jackson's special guest during their performance at that year's game and ripped off a piece of their clothing, revealing their nipple. Timberlake later described it as an unintended “wardrobe malfunction.”
CBS, which aired that Super Bowl, was fined $550,000 by the Federal Communications Commission, but the fine later was overturned.
The hashtags #JusticeforJanet and #JanetJacksonAppreciationDay became trending topics on Twitter days before Timberlake's record third trip to the stage at the Super Bowl, at which the Philadelphia Eagles will face the New England Patriots at the U.S. Bank Stadium on Sunday.
At a press conference on Thursday, Timberlake mentioned Jackson's name, along with Jay-Z and ‘NSync, when talking about rumoured guests to join them onstage. They were not asked any direct questions about Jackson or the infamous wardrobe malfunction.
When the NFL announced late last year that Timberlake would be returning to the Super Bowl, the decision triggered a backlash from women, minorities and others who felt Jackson was unfairly forced to pay a far higher price than Timberlake faced. Some argued that Jackson, as a black woman, fell victim to a racist and sexist double standard and received harsher treatment than Timberlake, as a white man, did, and they said they benefited from “white male privilege.”
When asked during an interview last month if they and Jackson have since made peace, Timberlake said, “Absolutely.”
They said they and Jackson have talked privately about what happened.
“I don't know that a lot of people know that,” Timberlake said. “I mean, I don't think it's my job to do that, because you value the relationships that you do have with people.”
Mesfin Fekadu, The Associated Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
The DA has announced the results of the newly elected leadership in KwaZulu-Natal on Saturday.
About 600 DA delegates gathered at the Olive Convention Centre to elect its Provincial leaders.
DA Leader Mmusi Maimane officially opened the DA KwaZulu-Natal Provincial Congress, stating that those elected will lead the party in the province towards the 2019 elections and beyond.
This is part of the party's mission to bring the ANC in the province below 50% in 2019.
Addressing the KZN provincial congress, Maimane said the party must go out and win support from black South Africans.
“In the past, we have been excellent at winning support from minority voters, now we must boldly go out and win support from black South Africans.”
The DA provincial elected leaders are as follows:
Provincial Chairperson- Francios Rodgers
Provincial Leader- Zwakele Mncwango
Deputy Provincial Chairperson- Hlengiwe Shozi and Shenana Bibi
Deputy Provincial Leader- Morgan Chetty
“Looking at the Congress today, I see a party that is truly alive and growing, bigger than it has ever been, and the official opposition in the province,” Maimane said.
They added that the DA will have more support than it has ever had, with more activists, branches and public representatives.
-TNA Reporter
Need a break? Play a quick game of solitaire or Sudoku. Or take one of our fun quizzes!
Daniel Ricciardo revealed that Red Bull Racing are not as quick down the straights at this weekend's Japanese Grand Prix, but says that it's not down to the engine.
The Red Bull Driver was third fastest in Free Practice One behind title contenders Sebastian Vettel and Lewis Hamilton. The Australian completed majority of their practice running with potential rain to arrive at the end of the session. Ricciardo and team-mate Max Verstappen didn't compete in the second practice session due the torrential wet conditions and was among the majority of the grid who didn't set a fast lap.
Ricciardo says the morning session was good and the balance with their Red Bull RB13 was positive.
“This morning in the dry we went out early because we thought the rain was going to come at the end of the session and we did quite a lot of running.” said Ricciardo.
“Ferrari were quite strong and Mercedes always turn it up on a Saturday so we still have some pace to find, but the balance was pretty good and overall it was a good morning.”
The Australian admits that they are losing time down the straights, believing it's down to the amount of downforce placed on the car, in favour for the corners of the Suzuka International Racing Course.
“We were losing a bit on the straight which I don't think was all engine today, it looked like we had more downforce so we need to see if this is the best set-up for us or if we can find a better compromise for the corners and the straights.”
Due to wet conditions in Free Practice two, both Red Bull cars chose not to run and save a set of wet tyres in case of future showers in the weekend, but Ricciardo believes that a change needs to be made regarding the amount of wet weather tyres drivers are allowed.
“I do think next year they should change things a bit, we get an extra set of intermediate tyres on a Friday but not extremes which is why we didn't run in FP2.”
“There is a high chance of rain again tomorrow so we may need to save them for when it counts in Qualifying. “
© Unknown
The situation surrounding the French elections clearly shows what kind of clever and experienced opponents we are dealing with. The supranational oligarchy and bureaucracy are genuinely dangerous opponents that are not so simple to deal with even if Putin and Trump will agree to cooperate against them.The most dangerous feature of this supranational oligarchy and bureaucracy which Putin mentioned at Valdai is not its financial resources or its access to the levers of power - although this is very important. The most dangerous aspect is the capability of the Soroses and Kagans to learn. The supranational elites that until only recently completely controlled the US and are now decisively influencing European policy are no decrepit and inadequate late Soviet Politburo. They are a group of clever and experienced business people and politicians who can still spill a lot of blood.Look at what is now happening in France and you'll see just how subtly, effectively, and prudently they've fooled French voters and manipulated their emotions in their favor.Just one month ago, the majority of experts preferred the candidate Francois Fillon who was liked by the French public, had a high approval rating, high party support, and could take advantage of the fact that voters are sick and tired of the existing political establishment and Francois Hollande in particular. Fillon's candidacy completely suited Russia and it seemed like all would be well. But no.The supranational oligarchy and bureaucracy inflicted a double blow. First, they found dirt on Fillion which even by European standards is ridiculous and, given total media promotion, effectively collapsed their approval rating. Now even their fellow party members have demanded that they forfeit their candidacy.Secondly, the supranational oligarchy has clearly demonstrated that it has learned from Trump's victory in the US and has quickly arranged the appearance of a supposedly independent and anti-system candidate who will chip away at the same protesting electorate that is tired of boring and corrupt politicians.Meet Emmanuel Macron - a French politician, the ex-minister of the economy, and former investment banker for the Rothschilds. However, of course, intelligence services employees would like to clarify that there are no "former" bankers.The image of a revolutionary banker appears to me to be a little moronic. But, judging by surveys, some voters do not see any contradictions in this. Even if we allow for the possibilities of these surveys deliberately raising Macron's rating, the results of their PR campaign are still impressive.. In addition, they are also in favor of Europe and multiculturalism, but they're trying to make these aspects not stick out, since you never know when the next terrorist attack or mass rape could take place and harm their approval rating.His victory could be thwarted only by a very serious scandal in the likes of exposing Hillary Clinton's secret correspondences, or an unprecedented mobilization of French Eurosceptics. In general, all hopes are pinned on Russian hackers and Julian Assange.Finally, I've told you all of this not because this and following the French elections is very interesting, but to emphasize that Macron's victory would be nothing tragic - we will certainly survive it. But in observing how their public image is being built and what messages they are promoting in their election campaign, it cannot be overlooked that our geopolitical opponents are certainly preparing their own Macron for presidential elections in Russia. They even have several potential Macrons who they'll dress up in the clothes of revolutionaries, populists, truth-tellers, and fighters against corruption and the establishment. Work in this direction is already underway.Look at how Navalny, Kasyanov, and even Roizman's images are built, the latter of whom's candidacy is already actively being whispered about by Moscow political strategists. But I'd like to say that it is good that Russia is not France. There is no candidate here who has such chances, and this is very good.
EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J. (AP) — While the Dallas Cowboys are starting to pick up a little momentum, the question is do they have enough time to make the playoffs?
Dak Prescott threw three touchdowns and the Cowboys scored 20 fourth-quarter points in less than five minutes in beating the New York Giants 30-10 to stay in the playoff hunt with three weeks left in the regular season.
The win was the second straight for the Cowboys (7-6) and it spoiled return of Eli Manning as the Giants' starting quarterback and Steve Spagnuolo's debut as interim head coach in the wake of the firing of Ben McAdoo earlier in the week.
New York fell to 2-11.
“We're feeling ourselves, we're staying with it, we're staying within the game, not getting overwhelmed that we're not doing things well early,” said Prescott, who threw for a career-high 332 yards.
“But it would be nice to get going early and that's what we've got to do moving forward, is got the way we're playing in the fourth quarter throughout the whole game.”
This is the second straight game that the Cowboys have scored at least 20 fourth-quarter points to blow out an opponent. They scored 21 against Redskins 10 days ago in a 38-14 win.
“This is what this team is made of,” said linebacker Sean Lee, who returned to the lineup and had a late interception to set up a 15-yard TD run by Rod Smith.
“We've done this before. We've won tough. We continue to play as the game goes on. And you saw that we started making plays in the fourth that really won the game.”
Prescott put the Cowboys ahead 17-10 with a 20-yard touchdown pass to Jason Witten with 7:38 to play. It came one play after a 54-yard catch and run by Cole Beasley. The quarterback added an 81-yard scoring pass play to Smith. Prescott also threw a 50-yarder to Dez Bryant in the second quarter.
“To me, the biggest part of this game was the finish,” said Cowboys coach Jason Garrett, who team will be in Oakland (6-7) next Sunday night.
“That's always a huge emphasis for us, finishing plays, finishing drives and ultimately finishing the game.”
Manning threw a 1-yard TD pass to Rhett Ellison late in the second quarter that gave New York a brief 10-3 lead. Aldrick Rosas had a 39-yard field goal. Manning finished 31 of 46 for 228 yards with a touchdown and two late interceptions.
“Nothing's easy, but we hung in there and have played tough,” Manning said. “Dallas made a couple big plays, and we didn't.”
WITTEN AGAIN: Witten was a forgotten man in the offense until Prescott hit them for the game-winning score. It was the tight end's only catch of the day.
“You never know when your number is going to get called,” Witten said.
It was an uncharacteristically quiet day for Witten against one of their favorite rivals. They have 154 receptions and 15 TDs against the Giants, their top figures against any opponent.
ANOTHER INJURY: Add safety Landon Collins to the Giants' injury list. They hurt their left ankle in the fourth quarter making a tackle on Beasley at the end of a 54-yard pass play. Coincidently, Collins missed the initial tackle and had to chase Beasley down the field.
Collins was in a walking boot after the game. The Giants have 18 players on injured reserve.
NOT-SO PERFECT: Dan Bailey, usually Mr. Automatic from long range, missed field-goal attempts of 50 and 53 yards. They also missed an extra point. They had been 25 of 36 from 50-plus yards.
“He's as good a player as we have on our team,” Garrett said. “He missed three kicks today and none of us has ever seen them miss those kicks. He's a great kicker. We'll give them every chance going forward.”
Bailey did make a 21-yard field goal for the Cowboys' first points, becoming the 100th player to attempt 200 in a career. Rafael Septien was only other Cowboy to reach that mark.
SPAGS: Spagnuolo called the defensive plays and let Mike Sullivan handle the offense all week, including the game plan.
“Look, it doesn't feel good right now because we lost the football game,” Spagnuolo said. “So, your mind goes back to all the things you could have, should have, would have done. That's what happens when you lose.”
MANNING: When Manning took the field for the Giants' first possession they got a standing ovation. After their touchdown pass there were repeat chants of “E-Lie Man-Ning.” It's nice to be a two-time Super Bowl MVP.
There is also reality. When they left the field there were mostly only Cowboys' fans left in MetLife Stadium, chanting: “Let's Go Cowboys.”
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and — http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
2:09 Your rights when confronted by immigration enforcement officials Pause
4:08 One year after deadly SC flooding, see how the dams failed across the Midlands
1:59 Missing S.C. Woman: Lost & Found Timeline
0:45 Orange alligator spotted in South Carolina, nicknamed 'Trump-A-Gator'
0:16 250-pound gator visits front porch of SC home
11:47 SC Rep. Joseph Neal argues for removing the Confederate battle flag from the SC statehouse grounds.
0:54 South Carolina baseball preview: 3 storylines for 2017
1:23 A look inside Chad Holbrook's old lake front house
0:49 Traits of a good drill instructor
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) - The Russian Embassy in Spain on Friday said Madrid's decision to extradite Levashov to the United States is disappointing and that Russia's request has priority.
"A Russian national [Levashov] has been extradited from Spain and will be arraigned later today in Connecticut on charges stemming from their alleged operation of the Kelihos botnet," the US Justice Department said in a press release on Friday.
Levashov was detained by Spanish police in the city of Barcelona in April 2017 at the request of the United States, where they are suspected of hacking. On October 3, 2017 a Spanish court agreed to extradite Levashov to the United States. The verdict was appealed by Levashov's lawyers but the court's decision was confirmed.
The warrants signed by the US prosecutors in April included the allegations that Levashov had been running the network of infected computers named Kelihos botnet. US prosecutors consider Levashov to be an "outstanding spammer" and have said that they have long been on the list of "the world's ten worst spammers" compiled by an independent organization Spamhaus.
© Sputnik/ Vladimir Trefilov Grand Theft Hack: Russian Geek Faces Decades in Jail Over Historic Data Theft
Levashov faces up to 52 years in prison , according to US Prosecutors.
In October, a Russian court authorized the arrest in absentia of Levashov, who has been accused by Russian authorities of hacking and blocking access to information on the website of a medical institution in St. Petersburg.
Meanwhile, Russia is ready to provide consular assistance to its national, Peter Levashov, who was extradited to the United States on Friday on cybercrime charges, a spokesperson with the Russian Embassy told Sputnik.
"We call on the US to establish cooperation between appropriate agencies of the two countries," the spokesperson said on Friday. "We demand the US to stop arresting Russians around the world." Russian Embassy's official said, stressing that "Russia's Embassy and Consulate General in the US have always provided and will continue to provide comprehensive consular and legal assistance to Russians in need… We will obviously give Levashov all assistance they require," the spokesperson added.
They added that US authorities had not notified the embassy officially about the suspect's extradition. "We have requested detailed information from the Americans on the Russian's whereabouts," they said.
SMILE: SCU media students Natalie Foord (left) and Kate Hepton pictured with one of the Kids calendar subject Mitchell Charter,3 of Alstonville.
TWO Southern Cross University students have been selected to advance their photography skills in the production of next years prestigious Our Kids Calendar.
After 16 calendars, photographer Jacklyn Wagner thought it's time to pass on the baton and what an opportunity to involve those who are starting their career.
"It has been a little bit of a baby of mine,” Ms Wagner said.
"I've enjoyed doing it immensely but I guess after 16 years I thought how long do you keep doing something and where do you take it.”
"The idea of getting students from the university who are starting their career was appealing.”
This year Ms Wagner will be working with Media Students from Southern Cross University, Kate Hepton and Natalie Foord.
Kate Hepton has a unique perspective to the project as they were one of the first chosen for the 2003 calendar.
ABOVE: Kate Hepton in the first Our Kids calendar Jacklyn Wagner
Kate has a muscle-wasting disease called Spinal Muscular Atrophy (SMA) and had spent a lot of time in Children Ward as Lismore Base Hospital.
"It's exciting to know I can be on the other side and really appreciate the work put into it,” Miss Hepton said,
Through their study at SCU, completing a Bachelor of Digital Media and Communications, Kate was fortunate enough to get the opportunity to apply for the project.
"I am very lucky that the university is partnering with the Kids team and with Jacklyn Wagner,” they said.
Sourheren Cross University media students Kate Hepton and Natalie Foord (far right) pictured SCU technical staff Rodney Douglass (far left) and Michael Moynihan looking at some of the Our Kids calendar images. Jacklyn Wagner
Our Kids Fundraising Coordinator, Rebekka Battista, said this partnership is a great way to foster skills of up and coming media students.
"Jacklyn has been our photographer for 16 years and their heart is always about helping others, and what better way then passing this beautiful project on to up and coming media students and how incredible that Kate was one of the students chosen to do this project” Ms Battista said.
"The Calendar is one of Our Kids Signature Projects, it celebrates kids who have had a tough journey and it tells their stories. This is who we are and why we are here.”
Ms Wagner said working with Kate and Natalie to create this years calendar has been a lot of fun.
"I thank the university and I thank the students and hopefully it will give the calendar another life now,” Ms Wagner said.
The Calendar Sales goes to help purchase equipment for Lismore Base Hospital to help keep children local when needing medical care.
They will be available throughout the North Coast and online at www.ourkids.org.au in November.
By The Associated Press
BC-BKW–Tulsa-Arkansas Box
ARKANSAS 67, TULSA 41
TULSA (4-6)
Polk 4-11 0-1 8, Dickson 3-10 1-1 7, Lescay 0-5 0-0 0, Perez 1-8 0-0 2, Wakefield 3-8 0-0 6, Elliott 1-5 4-6 6, Scales 0-2 0-0 0, Brady 0-6 2-2 2, Butler 2-3 0-0 4, Gaulden 0-3 0-0 0, Parker 2-7 0-0 6, Richards 0-1 0-0 0, Totals 16-69 7-10 41.
ARKANSAS (7-3)
Zimmerman 2-6 2-3 6, Williams 6-9 1-4 13, Cosper 5-16 0-0 11, Mason 5-11 0-0 11, Monk 4-10 4-4 14, Stout 0-0 0-0 0, Thomas 1-3 1-2 4, Weaver 0-1 0-0 0, Northcross-Baker 0-4 1-4 1, Spangler 0-0 0-0 0, Swenson 2-7 2-2 7, Totals 25-67 11-19 67.
Tulsa 12 12 7 10 —41 Arkansas 21 14 13 19 —67
3-Point Goals_Tulsa 2-16 (Dickson 0-1, Perez 0-3, Wakefield 0-1, Brady 0-2, Gaulden 0-2, Parker 2-6, Richards 0-1), Arkansas 6-29 (Zimmerman 0-3, Cosper 1-9, Mason 1-4, Monk 2-4, Thomas 1-1, Northcross-Baker 0-3, Swenson 1-5). Assists_Tulsa 5 (Perez 2), Arkansas 13 (Mason 6). Fouled Out_None. Rebounds_Tulsa 39 (Polk 8), Arkansas 61 (Cosper 11). Total Fouls_Tulsa 16, Arkansas 10. A_1,242.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Dark matter extends far beyond the reach of the furthest stars in the galaxy, forming what scientists call a dark matter halo. While stars within the galaxy all rotate in a neat, organized disk, these dark matter particles are like a swarm of bees, moving chaotically in random directions, which keeps them puffed up to balance the inward pull of gravity.
In the 1970s, scientists noticed something strange about the motion of galaxies. All the matter at the edge of spiral galaxies was rotating just as fast as material in the inner part of the galaxy. But according to the laws of gravity, objects on the outskirts should be moving slower. The explanation: A form of matter called dark matter that does not directly interact with light.
Many scientists now believe that more than 80 percent of the matter of the universe is locked away in mysterious, as yet undetected, particles of dark matter, which affect everything from how objects move within a galaxy to how galaxies and galaxy clusters clump together in the first place.
Bhuvnesh Jain, a physics professor in Penn's School of Arts & Sciences, and postdoc Eric Baxter are conducting research that could give new insights into the structure of these halos. The researchers wanted to investigate whether these dark matter halos have an edge or boundary.
"People have generally imagined a pretty smooth transition from the matter bound to the galaxy to the matter between galaxies, which is also gravitationally attracted to the galaxies and clusters," Jain said. "But theoretically, using computer simulations a few years ago, researchers at the University of Chicago showed that for galaxy clusters a sharp boundary is expected, providing a distinct transition that we should be able to see through a careful analysis of the data."
Scientists believe that this region, or "edge" is due to the "splashback effect." "You have this big dark matter halo sitting there," Baxter said, "and it's been accreting matter gravitationally over its entire history. As that matter gets pulled in, it gets faster and faster. When it finally falls into the halo, it turns around and starts to orbit. That turnaround is what people have started calling splashback, because stuff is splashing back in some sense."
As the matter "splashes back," it slows down. Because this effect is happening in many different directions, it leads to a buildup of matter right at the edge of the halo and a steep fall-off in the amount of matter right outside of that position. This is what the Penn researchers explored in the data.
Using a galaxy survey called the Sloan Digital Sky Survey, or SDSS, Baxter and Jain looked at the distribution of galaxies around clusters. They formed a team of experts at the University of Chicago and other institutions around the world to examine thousands of galaxy clusters. Using statistical tools to do a joint analysis of several million galaxies around them, they found a drop at the edge of the cluster. Baxter and collaborator Chihway Chang at the University of Chicago led a paper reporting the findings, accepted for publication in the Astrophysical Journal.
The image below of a simulated galaxy cluster shows evidence for a boundary, or "edge" from a 2015 paper in the Astrophysical Journal by Surhud More, Benedikt Diemer and Andre Kravtsov.
In addition to seeing this edge when they looked at galaxy distribution, the researchers also saw evidence of it in the form of galaxy colors. When a galaxy is full of gas and forming many big, hot stars, the heat causes it to appear blue when scientists take images of it.
"But those big stars live very short lives," Baxter said. "They blow up. What you're left with are these smaller, older stars that live for long periods of time, and those are red."
A two-dimensional comparison of two models for the density profile of a halo is shown below. Both of these models come from fitting to data in SDSS. Models with a splashback feature (an "edge") fit the data better than models that don't have an edge. New measurements provide evidence that this "edge" exists.
When scientists look at galaxies within clusters, they appear red because they aren't forming stars.
"Previous studies have shown that there are interactions inside of the cluster that can cause galaxies to stop forming stars," Baxter said. "You could imagine for instance that a galaxy falls into a cluster, and the gas from the galaxy gets stripped off by gas within the cluster. After losing its gas, the galaxy will be unable to form many stars."
Because of this, scientists expect that galaxies that have spent more time orbiting through a cluster will appear red, while galaxies that are just starting to fall in will appear blue.
The researchers noticed a sudden shift in the colors of galaxies right at the boundary, providing them with more evidence that dark matter halos have an edge.
"It was really interesting and surprising to see this sharp change in colors," Jain said, "because the change of galaxy colors is a very slow and complex process."
The researchers are working on another paper using a deeper survey of over a hundred million galaxies called the Dark Energy Survey, or DES. Both the SDSS and the DES make massive maps of the sky using a huge camera that Jain said isn't very fundamentally different from the cameras in smartphones but bigger and more precise and costing millions of dollars to build.
In the DES, when the camera opens, it takes an exposure of a couple minutes, and then moves to a different part of the sky. This process is repeated during the course of several years using different filters to allow scientists to get a survey in multiple colors.
The DES allows the researchers to do expanded measurements, pushing to higher distances.
Instead of measuring the distribution of galaxies, the researchers are using an astrophysical phenomenon called gravitational lensing to probe the dark matter halos. In gravitational lensing, light coming to an observer bends as matter exerts gravitational force on it.
The researchers can analyze images of the sky to see how clusters stretch images of the galaxies behind them.
"Light is going to bend if there's mass," Baxter said. "By measuring these deflections we can measure the mass directly which is cool because most of the mass is dark matter which we can't see so it's kind of a unique way to probe the dark matter."
In terms of fundamental understanding of the universe, Baxter said, dark matter is one of the biggest mysteries there is right now. "You look in the sky, even with the biggest optical telescopes, and you see nothing beyond the light of the galaxies," Jain said. "There's just this dark matter."
The researchers hope that their research will contribute to a better understanding of the mysterious substance that makes up about 80 percent of matter in the universe. If they can mark the edge of a dark matter halo, it would allow them to test things like Einstein's theory of gravity and the nature of dark matter.
"It's just a new way of looking at clusters," Jain said. "Once you find the boundary you can study both the standard physics of how galaxies interact with the cluster and the possible unknown physics of what the nature of dark matter and gravity is."
The Daily Galaxy via University of Pennsylvania
BANGKOK (AP) — More Rohingya Muslims fleeing violence in Myanmar streamed toward the border Friday, despite government assurances that it was stopping the massive exodus of refugees to Bangladesh.
A video obtained by The Associated Press that villagers said was shot Thursday in northern Rakhine state shows dozens of Rohingya attempting to swim across the currents of a muddy river, from where it is a more than 20-kilometer (12-mile) walk through jungles to the border. Many more people, from young children to old men, stand huddled with their belongings on the riverbank.
Myanmar has come under international criticism for failing to stop the violence, and in turn the tide of more than half a million Rohingya who have made the often perilous journey to Bangladesh since late August, the largest refugee crisis to hit Asia in decades. The Myanmar government's information committee said in a statement late Thursday that it had stopped 17,000 Rohingya from fleeing in just four days last week.
“The Myanmar authorities in northern Rakhine went to the border areas where thousands of Bengalis await to flee and talked to them,” it said. “The local authorities told the Bengalis if they have difficulties with their livelihood, they will provide food and security and to return to their villages. The Bengalis agreed to stay.”
Myanmar doesn't recognize Rohingya as an ethnic group, instead insisting they are Bengali migrants from Bangladesh living illegally in the country.
The government may have had some success in keeping Rohingya in Myanmar in recent days, but villagers say Rohingya are still attempting to leave and many are gathered on the beaches just across the water from Bangladesh waiting for a chance to leave the country.
“There are more than a thousand villagers at the beach in Alel Than Kyaw village off the shore trying to flee but the authorities are not letting them go,” one villager told the AP by phone on Friday. The villager spoke on condition of anonymity due to security concerns.
Bangladesh in particular has been pushing Myanmar to stem the tide of refugees, who are straining resources in the already poor nation. The current exodus is in addition to hundreds of thousands of Rohingya who fled prior violence in Buddhist-majority Myanmar, where the Muslim ethnic group has faced decades of persecution and discrimination.
The latest violence began when a Rohingya insurgent group launched deadly attacks on security posts Aug. 25, prompting Myanmar's military to launch “clearance operations.” Those fleeing have described indiscriminate attacks by security forces and Buddhist mobs. The government has blamed the Rohingya, saying they set fire to their own homes, but the U.N. and others accuse it of ethnic cleansing.
Though Myanmar leader Aung San Suu Kyi has said that the security forces have ceased clearance operation since early September, witnesses say Rohingya villages continue to be burned in the region.
In a statement Friday, Amnesty International said Myanmar's security forces have engaged in an unlawful and disproportionate campaign of violence against the Rohingya. It urged the Association of Southeast Asian Nations to take urgent steps to stop its member state from committing acts of violence against Rohingya.
Also Friday, the Norwegian Refugee Council called on Myanmar authorities to allow aid groups access to those in need in northern Rakhine state.
“The Norwegian Refugee Council is standing by, waiting for the authorities to allow us to move into areas where we fear many people may be stranded without clean water, food or shelter,” Jan Egeland, the group's secretary-general, said in a statement. “Humanitarians must have access to help these people without one more minute of delay.”
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
It's couture week in Paris and the dresses are bigger and sparklier than ever. The glitz and the drama are overshadowed a bit, however, by the casting choices. We did some math, and according to our numbers, some couture shows had casts that were as much as 72% Caucasian. And if we single out black women? In one show featuring over 90 looks, only 11 black women walked.
VIDEO: Right Now: Celebrities Attend Couture Week in Paris
Street style inclusion is even worse. We may pat ourselves on the back for industry progress when it comes to “size diversity” and “racial diversity.” But it's quite striking to peruse Getty Images looking for the chicest looks of “Paris Couture Day 1,” only to be met with a sea of white women in designer clothes (with the exception of a few models leaving the backstage of a show, still in their makeup looks). On Day 1, I personally looked through seven pages of street-style images, finding only six examples of women who weren't white as subjects.
ALAIN JOCARD/Getty Images
It's no surprise (but still wildly unsettling) that couture, the most exclusive of all fashion weeks, would be the last to reflect the new wave of “inclusivity.” In fact, couture, by its very existence, serves to be not inclusive.
But this morning, at the show of one of the more politically incorrect characters in fashion, we saw the second black bride in Chanel history walk the runway. (Alex Wek previously stole the show as Chanel's bride during the fall 2004 couture show wearing a feather cape). In pistachio no less, Adut Akech proudly walked beside the Kaiser. And while rumors continue to swirl that this could be their last show (or at the very least, one of them) it's quite telling that the brand's decision makers decidedly chose this casting. The conversation was turned not to their retirement, or even to the clothes, necessarily, but to the cultural implications of the race of their bride.
Them Instagram says everything you need to know about their feelings: "Cannot believe I just made history by being Chanel's second black couture bride, this is one of my proudest achievements!!!” They continued, "Knowing that I am an inspiration to someone is one of the best feelings you could endure as a human being. To the young girls and boys who look up to me I want you guys to know no matter who you are, where you come from or what you have, as long as you have a dream it is achievable as long as you put in hard work, give it your all, stay dedicated, determined and most importantly never give up because u will make that dream a reality at some point."
ALAIN JOCARD/Getty Images
Adut's agency received such an influx of media requests that they released a statement from the South Sudanese-born model: "There are no amounts of words that can express what this moment means to me. The beauty of having a dream is watching it come to life. This was just a special moment that I will always remember and cherish for as long as I live.”
Adut spent their youth in Kenya's Kakuma Refugee Camp before moving to Adelaide Australia in 2008 with their family. They made their international runway debut in 2006 when they walked exclusively for Saint Laurent, and has since appeared in campaigns for Valentino and Moschino.
"I joined to get a head start on life," said Spc. Michael Williams, a generator mechanic with the 316th Sustainment Command (Expeditionary), a Army Reserve unit from Coraopolis, Pa."The Army instilled a sense of discipline in me they gave me the drive and the means to achieve my goals," (U.S. Army photo by Sgt. Christopher Bigelow)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 10.26.2016 Date Posted: 01.02.2017 06:17 Photo ID: 3082950 VIRIN: 161026-A-PF724-022 Resolution: 2848x4288 Size: 6.56 MB Location: FORT HOOD, TX, US Web Views: 0 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, Soldier Spotlight [Image 1 of 28], by SGT Christopher Bigelow, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
The Alpine A110 has been reborn for the modern era, but its story begins nearly six decades ago with the original A110. This little sports car punched well above its weight.
After the Second World War, Jean Rédélé raced highly modified Renault 4CVs with great success. Pioneering lightweight engineering, their tinkered cars were in high demand, leading them to found Alpine in 1955. Working closely with Renault, their creations continued to win rallies and fans. In 1961 the Alpine A110 was born and it would go on to become the brand's most iconic car.
The Alpine A110 was based on a Renault R8 chassis, but incorporated a sleek coupe body. It began life with a 51-horsepower (38-kilowatt) 956-cc engine mounted in the back, growing over the years to a 1.8-liter 182-hp (134-kW) unit. In a car that weighed just 1,367 pounds (620 kilograms), that power went a long way.
Renault knew the value of Alpine as a performance brand and their already close relationship saw Alpines being maintained by Renault dealers. In 1968 Renault allocated Alpine its entire competition racing budget and was duly rewarded with outright victories throughout Europe. One of Alpine's most historic victories came in 1971 when Swedish rally ace Ove Anderson piloted the car to victory in Monte Carlo.
Renault's mind was made up. It would buy Alpine and use it to compete as a factory team around the world.
The buyout was completed and in 1973 Alpine and the latest A110s were ready to compete in the first ever World Rally Championship. Drivers Bernard Darniche, Jean-Pierre Nicolas, and Jean-Luc Thérier were enlisted by Alpine. A few “guests” would also get behind the wheel from time to time, including Jean-Claude Andruet who needed up winning the 1973 Monte Carlo rally.
Alpine won almost every rally it competed in and by the end of 1973 was crowned the first World Rally champion. However, the following year this rally hero would be made obsolete by the mid-engine Lancia Stratos. A110s still competed in the Monte Carlo rally, but technology had caught up with the once forward-thinking sports car.
The A110 was produced by other brands under license, but the last Alpine A110 was built in 1977. Alpine went on to make other cars such as the A310, but none saw the same success as the A110. In 1995 Renault abandoned the Alpine name and the factory in Dieppe turned its attention to modifying Renaults.
Today Alpine has been revived and the new A110 met with critical acclaim.
After Kevin Spacey was excised from the upcoming movie All the Money in the World (his scenes to be reshot with Christoper Plummer), I modestly proposed that Hollywood remove and reshoot Spacey's scenes in Beyond the Sea and The Usual Suspects, and destroy all copies of American Beauty — that hackneyed attempt at a takedown of suburban America. This expungement, I said in jest, was the required remedy for Spacey's sexual assaults and related misconduct.
Now I learn that Minnesota Public Radio has expunged Garrison Keillor — also accused of sexual misconduct, albeit vastly less severe than Spacey's. According to this report:
Garrison Keillor has been disappeared into the Memory Hole. If you look for their biography or the archived shows from a half century of “A Prairie Home Companion” on the website of Minnesota Public Radio since their fall from grace, you'll now find only this: “Sorry, but there's no page here.” Keillor and their entire body of work from “A Prairie Home Companion” and “Writer's Almanac” have been effectively erased from the archives of MPR, along with the work of all the other storytellers, singers, poets and production staff who made the shows successful.
Keillor was never my cup of tea, but I agree with Rod Dreher:
The MPR panic is what you would expect from a Stalinist regime dealing with figures who have fallen out of ideological failure. . . . If you only chose to partake of art, music, and literature created by morally upstanding persons, you'd quickly come to the end of what's available. Museums would empty out. Concert halls would fall silent. Bookstores would have to be repurposed as yoga studios, and movie theaters as hipster churches. The unfortunate truth is that bad, or at least deeply flawed, people often make the best art.
For some on the radical left, Dreher's list of consequences is probably a feature, not a bug. On college campuses, there are said to be those who don't want “Whitey” and their culture to be studied, except perhaps as a specimen of evil, with safe spaces available if the examination becomes too intense.
Dreher concludes with this ominous passage:
I hear from readers who grew up in Communist countries, and who tell me that they sense more and more the same atmosphere of their youth coming into existence here. This erasing of Keillor and their enormous and valuable creative legacy from history has to be setting off their internal alarms.
It has set off mine.
Région du Centre: At least 18 people including foreigners were killed and a dozen others wounded in a "terrorist attack" by suspected jihadists on a Turkish restaurant in the Burkina Faso capital, the government said Monday.
Two assailants were also killed by security forces who launched a counter-assault following Sunday night`s attack on the restaurant popular with foreigners, Communications Minister Remis Dandjinou said. It was not clear how many gunmen were involved.
The security operation "has ended" but searches are continuing in buildings in the Ouagadougou neighbourhood around the restaurant, Dandjinou told a press briefing early Monday carried on social media.
The Istanbul restaurant is just 200 metres from a hotel and cafe targeted in an assault in January 2016 that left 30 people dead and 71 wounded, many of them foreigners. That attack was claimed by the Al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb (AQIM) group.
A government statement described the latest deadly shooting as a "terrorist attack", while President Roch Marc Christian Kabore condemned it as "a despicable attack that has Ouagadougou in mourning."
"The fight against terrorism is a long-term struggle," they said in a Twitter message.
A police officer who spoke to AFP on condition of anonymity cited witnesses as saying at least two assailants arrived on a motorcycle around 9:00 pm on Sunday armed with Kalashnikovs, and opened fire on the Istanbul restaurant.
A waiter also said they saw "three men arrive on a 4X4 vehicle around 9:30 pm, get off the vehicle and open fire on customers seated on the terrace".
Dandjinou had earlier said that "some people were held" by the assailants and that "some were released", but gave no further details.
They said the 18 victims were of different nationalities, both Burkinabes and foreigners.
Turkey said one of its citizens was among the dead, while Paris prosecutors said at least one French national died in the shooting, which French President Emmanuel Macron condemned as a "terrorist attack."
Security forces launched a counter-assault at around 10:15 pm against the assailants who were hiding in the building, the police officer said.
The shooting was intense at first and then sporadic, an AFP journalist at the scene reported.
Video footage posted on Twitter showed people fleeing, as shouting and gunshots are heard. Armed officers in uniform are then seen walking towards the attack site.
The gunfire ended around 5:00 am Monday, according to an AFP journalist who was near the restaurant.The wounded were taken to Yalgado Ouedraogo hospital.
"We are overwhelmed," one surgeon told AFP on condition of anonymity.
"We have received about a dozen wounded, including three who have died. The condition of the other wounded is critical. Three of them are currently being operated on."
Burkina Faso, a poor landlocked nation bordering Mali and Niger, has seen a string of attacks claimed by jihadist groups in recent years.
In December 2016, a dozen soldiers were killed in an assault on their base in the north of the country. And in October that year there was an attack that killed four troops and two civilians.
In the January 2016 assault, AQIM gunmen attacked the Splendid hotel and the Cappuccino restaurant opposite, both popular with Westerners.
AQIM named the three gunmen responsible and published photos of them, dressed in military fatigues and wielding weapons.
The hotel and cafe attack came weeks after jihadists claimed an assault on a top hotel in Bamako, capital of neighbouring Mali, that killed 20 people.
There have also been kidnappings — of Burkinabes as well as foreigners. An Australian and a Romanian, abducted in 2015, are still being held hostage by Islamist groups affiliated with Al-Qaeda.
West Antarctica's vast ice sheet conceals what may be the largest volcanic region on earth, research has revealed.
The continent's ice covers almost 100 newly discovered volcanoes, the largest of which is as tall as the Eiger in Switzerland, a study has found.
Geologists and ice experts say the range has many similarities to East Africa's volcanic ridge, which is currently acknowledged to be the densest concentration of volcanoes in the world.
Researchers from the University of Edinburgh remotely surveyed the underside of the ice sheet for hidden peaks of basalt rock, like those of other volcanoes in the region whose tips push above the ice.
They analysed the shape of the land beneath the ice using measurements from ice-penetrating radar, and compared the findings with satellite and database records, as well as geological information from aerial surveys.
Scientists found 91 previously unknown volcanoes, ranging in height from 100 to 3850 metres. The peaks are concentrated in a region known as the West Antarctic Rift System, spanning 3,500 kilometres from Antarctica's Ross Ice Shelf to the Antarctic Peninsula.
Results from the study, which is the first of its kind, will help scientists understand how volcanoes can influence long-term fluctuations in the ice sheet. They could also help improve understanding of how the continent has changed during past climates.
Their results do not indicate whether the volcanoes are active, but should inform ongoing research into seismic monitoring in the area. Volcanic activity may increase if Antarctica's ice thins, which is likely in a warming climate, scientists say.
Previous studies and the concentration of volcanoes found in the region together suggest that activity may have occurred in previous warmer periods.
The study, published in the Geological Society Special Publications series, was proposed by a third-year undergraduate student at the University of Edinburgh.
Dr Robert Bingham, of the University of Edinburgh's School of GeoSciences, said: "It is fascinating to uncover an extensive range of volcanoes in this relatively unexplored continent. Better understanding of volcanic activity could shed light on their impact on Antarctica's ice in the past, present and future, and on other rift systems around the world."
Max Van Wyk de Vries, a student at the University of Edinburgh's School of GeoSciences, who conceived the study, said: "Antarctica remains among the least studied areas of the globe, and as a young scientist I was excited to learn about something new and not well understood. After examining existing data on West Antarctica, I began discovering traces of volcanism. Naturally I looked into it further, which led to this discovery of almost 100 volcanoes under the ice sheet."
###
For 15 years, Atom Egoyan has lived with an idea. That idea is to make the work of composer Alexander Zemlinsky into an opera. With Spoleto show You Are Mine Own, they finally have the opportunity to build this dream.
Egoyan, best known as the filmmaker behind The Sweet Hereafter (1997) and Chloe (2009), has also put together a number of operas including Feng Yi Ting, which was shown at Spoleto 2012. Despite other successes, putting Zemlinsky's renowned Lyric Symphony into operatic form eluded them for years. Between being denied rights to the music and financing as well as other challenges, the stage work they agonized over was forced to remain an aspiration only of their mind. With Spoleto's support and the bargaining of conductor John Kennedy to secure the Zemlinsky composition for use, Egoyan's ambition is laid out before him.
"There are two sides to this," Egoyan says. "First it's to introduce people who don't know Zemlinsky to this amazing piece of music which I think is just absolutely staggering in its texture and what it's offering you. But if we could also create a new dramatic contribution to the canon that would be amazing."
Now there's just that whole thing of putting You Are Mine Own together. Egoyan and all the players from the singers to the orchestra and conductor are readying for rehearsal. With all the right parts in hand, the challenge is now to pull together varying art forms and to render on the stage the passion with which Zemlinsky embodied in their work. This is no simple feat — particularly for a person who's spent 15 years contemplating how they would bring to fruition such an ambitious work.
"It's a concert setting, but we're using the stage as a theatrical space," Egoyan says. "It's a hybrid of the [symphony and theater]."
Zemlinsky's challenges were similar to Egoyan's when composing their Lyric Symphony. Zemlinsky also worked with a muse from another art form — the love poetry of late 19th and early 20th century Bengali writer Tagore. Within those poems are varying aspects of love — from yearning to the intoxication of coupling to departure. Attempting to manifest the German translations of those words with equal emotional force, Zemlinsky set about composing symphonic and vocal music using those stanzas of inspiration. The final composition would go on to influence conductor Alban Berg who would later reference their musical predecessor's Lyric Symphony in their own work. With You Are Mine Own Egoyan attempts to permeate these layers of influences and the sentimentality with which they were originally conceived into a new operatic story.
"This question of latent references of one piece to the other ties into the notion of latent reference of emotional feelings of the male and female performers," Egoyan says. "There's no narrative as such [in Zemlinsky's lyrics or Tagore's poetry]. These two male and female voices are not connected to each other. That's what we're doing. We're connecting them to each other. We're trying to make this into a coherent love story."
The story that's been lingering within Egoyan centers around a flute player and forlorn conductor. After the transition from a quartet of Berg's work into a full orchestration of Zemlinsky, the two characters emerge from the musicians and begin their journey through the lyric. The orchestra is central on the stage of the opera. Projections of the music's words became their own layer within this multi-modal endeavor.
"The creative challenge when using projections and these other sources, you don't really know what the rhythm of it is until the conductor comes in," Egoyan says. "How this piece moves is based on them. I cannot impose. In a film I can tell my composer, 'I want these at these tempi. Here are the images. I want it set to this.' ... I have to figure out a system [in opera] that can be malleable and it can shift according to the tempi of the conductor."
You Are Mine Own's complex challenge is this: to bring to an opera the feelings conjured within a composer from the work of a poet, the final symphony of which influenced yet another composer, and to filter the confluence of everything through Egoyan's own passions and inspiration drawn from the works while also acting as that conduit to the conductor, musicians, and two opera singers. Then people have to see it and like it. Making a film, Egoyan admits, is mostly in their head and not passed from the mind of one artistic genius to the next. Yet, You Are Mine Own doesn't make them want to take it easy in the director's chair, on set behind a camera.
"I'm really in between the two," opera and film, Egoyan says. "I don't know when the next films are going to happen. It's difficult to tell when the schedules are. If I can fit [opera and film] in, it's a pleasure."
Working with different forms, he's gotten used to it.
"For me it's a dance," they say.
That's just another art to fit into Egoyan's work.
Gertrude B. Lutrus, 94, of Brookfield, formerly of Ridgefield, passed away on Sunday, December 10. Mrs. Lutrus was the loving wife of the late Frank Lutrus Sr.
Mrs. Lutrus was born on June 3, 1923 in Danbury, CT, a daughter of the late Daniel and Anne (Grigerek) Schullery.
A longtime Ridgefield resident, Mrs. Lutrus was a local artist and art teacher. They volunteered at Founders Hall and Ballard Green in Ridgefield. They also volunteered at Ability Beyond in Bethel.
Mrs. Lutrus is survived by their children: Darrell Lutrus and their wife, Nancy, Paul Lutrus and their wife Becky, Mark Lutrus and Lori Mendes and their husband, Alan.  They are also survived by 8 grandchildren: Rachel, Todd, Shannon, John, Jessica, Jared, Ashley and Kara; 7 great-grandchildren: Devon, Griffin, Iris, Elliott, Russell, Vera, Riley and Gabriel as well as a daughter-in-law, Mary Jane Lutrus.
In addition to their parents and husband, Mrs. Lutrus was predeceased by a son, Frank Lutrus Jr.
A Mass of Christian Burial will be celebrated on Wednesday, December 13, at 1:15 PM, at St. Mary Church, 55 Catoonah Street, Ridgefield. Interment will follow in St. Mary Cemetery, Ridgefield. Friends will be received on Wednesday morning from 11:30 AM to 12:45 PM at Kane Funeral Home, 25 Catoonah Street, Ridgefield.
In lieu of flowers, memorial contributions can be made to Ability Beyond – 4 Berkshire Blvd., Bethel, CT 06801, www.abilitybeyond.org or to Regional Hospice and Homecare – 30 Milestone Road, Danbury, CT 06810, www.regionalhospicect.org.
Posted 7 hours ago
The Inter Faith Council of Kenya wants the senate to debate the amended Election Laws Act devoid of partisan politics.
BRIDGEPORT, Conn. (AP) — Police say a Connecticut pastor faces charges after they forged deed documents and sold a church worth more than $1 million to themselves for $1.
The Connecticut Post reports (http://bit.ly/2to7GPU ) that Bishop Franklin Fountain is charged with first-degree larceny and second-degree forgery. They were released Wednesday on a promise to appear in court.
Bridgeport police say they received a complaint from the church's board of directors and members of Fountain's family that Fountain had allegedly altered the deed documents and sold the church to himself.
The newspaper reports that records show Fountain owns the church and property valued at $1.5 million.
Fountain says the case is “ridiculous” and that they expect “this will all be worked out.”
New Delhi: Expressing concern over increasing number of child rapes in Delhi, Delhi Commission for Women (DCW) Chairperson Swati Maliwal wrote to Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Saturday seeking death penalty for those who rape minors.
In their letter which comes after an eight-month-old girl was raped here last week, they demanded that "a system should be created" where those who rape a girl child should be given a death sentence.
"I want to divert your attention towards the incident where an eight-month-old girl was raped. This little girl is suffering and fighting for their life at AIIMS," they said.
The DCW chairperson said in the past two years, they have written numerous letters to Modi -- all of which have gone unanswered. "It is not only the rape of these children but it is my rape. I have written to you earlier many times but you choose not to reply. Sir, you are a ray of hope for all the girls including me. You have the responsibility for providing safety and security to these women and girls."
Maliwal recently announced a one-month Satyagraha to protest against the rape case and demanded implementation of strict laws to curb crime rate against women in Delhi. "I am on a 30-day Satyagrah since the last four days. I will not go to my home during these days but will work in office in the day time, and in the night I will go to different places for inspection and will do double work.
"I am doing this satyagrah to wake up this sleeping system. I expect some contribution from your side in this cause. I request you to meet the eight-month-old girl," they said.
Date Taken: 02.15.2017 Date Posted: 02.15.2017 04:42 Photo ID: 3166669 VIRIN: 170215-D-GO396-0028 Resolution: 4284x2945 Size: 2.57 MB Location: BRUSSELS, BE
Web Views: 1 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0
PUBLIC DOMAIN
This work, SD meets with U.S. Marines at NATO [Image 1 of 3], by TSgt Brigitte Brantley, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
According to some fresh figures, the latest big update for Windows 10 is rolling out at a very fast pace indeed.
The stats from AdDuplex, which keeps an eye on the Windows user base via data collected from Microsoft Store apps, show that the April 2018 Update has been delivered to exactly 50% of Windows 10 PCs in one month flat.
That's actually twice as fast as the previous Fall Creators Update, which took two months to get itself on half of all Windows 10 PCs. And the update before that – the Creators Update released just over a year ago – took no less than three months to reach the same stage of deployment.
All of which seemingly shows that Microsoft's efforts to streamline the rollout process are working, although not everything is rosy, of course, given reports of forced updates being pushed out in some cases, not to mention the fair amount of problems we've seen with the April 2018 Update.
Those bugbears have included problems with Surface devices (of all things) and Alienware laptops, issues with SSDs, antivirus conflicts, and let's not forget the mystery of the disappearing desktop – among other flaws (check here for our full troubleshooting guide if you have encountered any gremlins).
The various blocks that Microsoft has had to instigate to prevent rollout to certain machines, and the work needed to fix these problems, doesn't appear to have impeded the pace of the rollout, evidently.
Surface statistics
Interestingly, AdDuplex also shared stats on the percentage of Microsoft's Surface hybrids which are running the April 2018 Update. These show that around 65% of Surface Pro 4 owners, and over 70% of Surface Book and Surface Pro 3 users, have the new update.
All Surface devices have an adoption percentage of well over the 50% global average, as you might expect, except for the three-year-old Surface 3, and rather oddly, the more recently released Surface Laptop, which is stuck on 37% for some reason (which seems strange as it wasn't one of the asupervisorstioned Surface machines highlighted as having problems).
AdDuplex didn't include the Surface Studio all-in-one in its report, because the firm said that the number of owners was just too small for any meaningful statistical interpretation to be made. It is, of course, a niche product from Microsoft, although from the sound of that, perhaps it's even more sparsely sold than we thought…
Rio de Janeiro: Brazil will finalise their World Cup preparations with international friendlies against Croatia and Austria, the Brazilian Football Confederation (CBF) has said. The Selecao will meet Croatia in England on June 3 followed by a clash against Austria at Vienna`s Ernst Happel stadium seven days later, the CBF said on Monday, reports Xinhua news agency.
In addition to the friendlies, the CBF struck a deal with Tottenham Hotspur to use the club`s new north London facilities for their pre-World Cup training base. The Selecao will also stay in a hotel within the sports complex.
Brazil`s squad will remain in London from May 28 to June 8 before departing for Vienna and then Russia, where the World Cup will be held from June 14 to July 15. The five-time world champions will begin their World Cup campaign against Switzerland in Rostov-On-Don on June 17.
LITTLE ROCK, Ark. (AP) — Arkansas lawmakers said Tuesday they're working on a “bathroom bill” targeting transgender people, despite warnings from the Republican governor that such a measure isn't needed and could harm the state.
A one-sentence bill was filed by two GOP state senators stating only that it addresses “gender identity and bathroom privileges” without any specifics. But co-sponsor Republican Sen. Gary Stubblefield said it'll require people to use public bathrooms that correspond to the sex on their birth certificate.
“If they were born a male, that's where they've got to use the bathroom,” Stubblefield said.
A similar law in North Carolina has drawn widespread criticism and boycotts from businesses, and prompted the NBA to pull this weekend's All-Star Game out of Charlotte. The state's Democratic governor on Tuesday proposed a compromise to repeal the measure. A bathroom bill being considered in Texas has also prompted a backlash, with the NFL suggesting that Texas could be passed over for future Super Bowl sites if the proposal becomes law.
Advertisement
Republican Gov. Asa Hutchinson repeated their opposition to pursuing a similar measure in Arkansas.
“I have consistently said that there is no need for a North Carolina type bathroom bill in Arkansas,” Hutchinson said in a statement. “It is unclear as to the specifics of the proposed legislation but if it is similar to North Carolina's, I view the bill as unnecessary and potentially harmful.”
The nation's largest lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender rights group also urged lawmakers to drop the proposal.
“Proponents of anti-trans legislation are invoking a boogeyman that simply does not exist – the reality is that transgender people just want to simply live their everyday lives,” Kendra Johnson, Arkansas director for the Human Rights Campaign. “Arkansas should not make the mistake North Carolina made.”
Stubblefield and GOP Sen. Greg Standridge, who also sponsored the measure, said they weren't concerned about a backlash from businesses. They also said they expect more proposals from other lawmakers in the majority-Republican Legislature.
“It's a definite thing that there's going to be a bathroom bill pursued,” Standridge said. “We just don't know if it's going to be our bill or someone else's bill.”
___
Follow Andrew DeMillo on Twitter at www.twitter.com/ademillo
YANGON, Myanmar (AP) — Myanmar's government has vowed to take action against police officers shown beating villagers in a video that has circulated on the internet.
A front-page story on Monday in the state-owned Global New Light of Myanmar newspaper about the Nov. 5 incident was a rare official acknowledgment of abuses taking place in the western state of Rakhine. The authorities have been conducting counterinsurgency operations there since an attack in October by unidentified armed men killed nine border guards.
Human rights groups accuse security forces of abuses against the Muslim Rohingya minority in Rakhine, including rape, killings and the burning of more than 1,000 homes. Myanmar authorities have said accounts of abuses are unhelpful exaggerations spread by foreign media.
Monday's story, which cited the office of State Counsellor Aung San Suu Kyi The country's leader — and police, did not say what punishment the police might face, only that “measures are being taken to take action against those who violated police force rules.”
Advertisement
The story said the video clip was recorded by a police constable.
It said the “clearance operation” in the area of Maungdaw township leading to the incident began after six attackers on three motorcycles shot at 11 police officers on Nov. 3, killing one police corporal and wounding another.
The account said that police, acting on a tip, then raided a village looking for the attackers. It added that they were told that in the same village lived a man who distributed “fake information” and placards to fuel a protest there when diplomats visited on Nov. 3.
“The operation also uncovered six machetes, one knife and one spear,” the story said. “Following the operation, the police released the remaining villagers and urged them to support community peace in the village.”
It did not make clear how many villagers were detained or charged.
Cayman's Matheo Capasso produced a record performance this past weekend (26-30 June) finishing 24th overall at the 2018 North American Optimist Championships.
This was the best finish of any sailor from the Cayman Islands Sailing Club (CISC) in the event's history. Capasso finished the first half of qualifying races in 35th overall, but fell to 42nd after a black flag infraction in fifth and final qualifying race. Sailing in the Gold Fleet, they would rebound in the final four races scoring 27th, 39th, 17th and 12th place finishes. The 13-year old improved on their 90th overall finish from the 2017 Championships.
Cayman would get another top level from Jaspar Nielsen. Reaching their first ever international Gold Fleet finals, Nielsen would take 75th overall with 61st, 63rd, 73rd and 76th (black flagged) in the final races.
Sailing in the Silver Fleet, Cayman's James Costa and George Hider would finish 41st and 42nd respectively. Hider rallied from three black flag infractions in the first five qualifying races to deliver results of 21st, 13th, 20th and 39th overall. Costa continued a consistent performance throughout the finals races with 42nd, 32nd, 21st and 54th place results.
Capasso, Hider and Nielsen will travel next to both the 2018 British & Irish Optimist Nationals Championships.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Print
New Mexico state lawmakers are bracing for an update on how much money will be available in the coming fiscal year to fund state government.
Democratic state Sen. John Arthur Smith says they are scheduled Wednesday to receive a new forecast of expected revenues from taxes, fees and other sources.
The chairperson of the Senate Finance Committee warned earlier this week that the state may need to fill a budget gap of $250 million in order to rebuild reserves and protect the state's credit rating.
Amid a downturn in the local oil sector, New Mexico has cut back spending at most agencies and has swept cash from school district reserves and other government accounts.
Gov. Susana Martinez has urged lawmakers to avoid tax increases and to tighten government spending.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
It's the stuff of spy novels. North Korean dictator Kim Jong-un's older half-brother Kim Jong Nam died mysteriously at the Kuala Lumpur airport, and both South Korean and Malaysian media report it was likely some sort of poison attack.
Several questions surround their suspicious death, but perhaps the biggest is: Who would want Kim Jong Nam dead?
The eldest Kim brother has led a quiet existence outside North Korea for decades, except for making headlines when they tried to enter Japan in 2001 on a fake passport. They later said they were trying to go to Tokyo Disneyland.
That Kim has remained out of the limelight is rather remarkable given he's the son of Kim Jong Il, North Korea's notorious former dictator.
"You would live anonymously too if people were gunning for you," says Michael Madden, a visiting scholar at Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies who runs the site North Korean Leadership Watch.
"Kim Jong Nam has lived a very leisurely life, primarily in a condo that the Kim family owns in Macau," Madden says. Kim is widely known for their love of gambling and clubs. Madden also says Kim Jong Nam manages the family's personal fortune overseas, which includes homes in Singapore, Beijing and Paris.
Kim's fate took a turn Monday morning, while they were in transit at the Kuala Lumpur International Airport. Something caused Kim's sudden death.
Malaysian media are showing closed-circuit camera images in which two women cover a traveler's face with cloth. Police say emergency responders rushed the man, whose travel documents identified them as "Kim Chol," to the hospital, but they died en route.
"It probably is the strangest story that I have encountered about North Korean elites and the Kim family and Kim family politics," Madden says.
In South Korea Tuesday, Unification Ministry spokesperson Jeong Joon-hee confirmed the identity of the dead traveler.
"The government is certain that the murdered individual is Kim Jong Nam. We have not confirmed the exact cause of death," Jeong said.
Kim could have died of natural causes, given their sedentary lifestyle and the family's reported issues with gout and high blood pressure. But if they were killed, theories run the gamut as to why.
Some believe Kim was punished for skimming from the family fortune they handled, or that they were the scapegoat in a power play by elites wanting to get back into leader Kim Jong-un's good graces. But they're all just guesses, says Madden.
"Nobody knows, and I don't think we will know the full story about the death of Kim Jong Nam for many years," they say.
As with so much about North Korea, even a man's demise is dressed in mystery.
Haeryun Kang contributed to this post from Seoul. Chan Kok Leong contributed to this post from Kuala Lumpur.
CAIRO — Archeologists in Egypt have discovered a 4,400-year-old tomb near the country's famed pyramids at the Giza plateau just outside of Cairo, the Antiquities Ministry said Saturday, the latest discovery that authorities hope will help revive the country's staggering tourism sector.
The tomb was found in a wider area of Giza's western necropolis, which is known to be home to tombs from the Old Kingdom.
It likely belonged to a woman known as Hetpet, who archeologists believe was close to ancient Egyptian royals of the 5th Dynasty.
The tomb, unveiled to the media on Saturday, is made of mud brick and includes wall paintings in good condition depicting Hetpet observing different hunting and fishing scenes.
Other scenes also depict a monkey — in pharaonic times, monkeys were commonly kept as domestic animals — picking fruit. Similar scenes have been found in other tombs belonging to the later 12th dynasty, according to the ministry's statement. Another scene shows a monkey dancing before an orchestra.
According to the ministry, the archeological mission behind the discovery started excavation work last October. Archeologists have been making discoveries near the site since the 19th century, and Mostafa al-Waziri, who led the mission, believes there is still more to be found.
"This is a very promising area. We expect to find more," Al-Waziri told reporters at the site. "We have removed between 250-300 cubic meters of layers of earth to find the tomb."
"What we see above the earth's surface in Egypt doesn't exceed 40 per cent of what the core holds," they added.
Al-Waziri believes Hetpet had another tomb in Giza's western necropolis and said that excavation work is underway to find that one too.
Hetpet is a previously known figure in Egyptian antiquity though their mummy has not been discovered yet. Fragments of artifacts belonging to Hetpet were found in the same area back in 1909, and were moved to a museum in Berlin at the time, Antiquities Minister Khaled al-Anani said Saturday, speaking at the site to reporters and Western diplomats.
Photo By Scott Sturkol | Garrison Commander Col. David J. Pinter Sr. signs one of four monthly observance...... read more Photo By Scott Sturkol | Garrison Commander Col. David J. Pinter Sr. signs one of four monthly observance proclamations April 3, 2017, during the installation's kickoff event and luncheon for Alcohol Abuse Awareness Month, Autism Awareness Month, Child-Abuse Prevention Month, and Sexual-Assault Awareness and Prevention Month at Fort McCoy, Wis. Installation leadership signed four proclamations related to the awareness months, promising to raise awareness of the issues and help end sexual assault/harassment, child abuse, bullying, and other problems related to the awareness months. The proclamations were signed by Maj. Gen. Patrick J. Reinert, commanding general of the 88th Regional Support Command; Pinter; Lt. Col. Tammy L. Farrell, Regional Training Site (RTS)-Medical; Maj. Gloria Rosario, RTS-Maintenance; Maj. Kevin T. Gregar, 426th Regiment (Regional Training Institute) and Wisconsin Military Academy; Lt. Col. James Doemel, 181st Multi-Functional Training Brigade; Command Sgt. Maj. Steven Dryer, Staff Sgt. Todd R. Cornell Noncommissioned Officer Academy; and Jim Davis, 86th Training Division. (U.S. Army Photo by Scott T. Sturkol, Public Affairs Office, Fort McCoy, Wis.) see less | View Image Page
April is an especially busy month for awareness observances nationwide, and Fort McCoy kicked off the month by highlighting four of them.
An April 3 kickoff event and luncheon underscored the importance of Alcohol Abuse Awareness Month, Autism Awareness Month, Child-Abuse Prevention Month, and Sexual-Assault Awareness and Prevention Month.
Installation leadership signed four proclamations related to the awareness months, promising to raise awareness of the issues and help end sexual assault/harassment, child abuse, bullying, and other problems related to the awareness months. The proclamations were signed by Maj. Gen. Patrick J. Reinert, commanding general of the 88th Regional Support Command; Col. David J. Pinter Sr., Fort McCoy garrison commander; Lt. Col. Tammy L. Farrell, Regional Training Site (RTS)-Medical; Maj. Gloria Rosario, RTS-Maintenance; Maj. Kevin T. Gregar, 426th Regiment (Regional Training Institute) and Wisconsin Military Academy; Lt. Col. James Doemel, 181st Multi-Functional Training Brigade; Command Sgt. Maj. Steven Dryer, Staff Sgt. Todd R. Cornell Noncommissioned Officer Academy; and Jim Davis, 86th Training Division.
Pinter said it is important to take the time to highlight these issues and consider what can be done locally to both avert and solve problems.
"What do we need to do to prevent? What do we need to do to strengthen our community?" Pinter asked. "These are all social problems. We can control them."
While autism is a condition, the focus of the month is on bringing awareness to how people with autism function differently from those without it.
"For autism awareness, we want to take time to learn acceptance, self-determination, appreciation, and inclusion," said Carrie Olson, Family Advocacy Program manager. "We want to push one step closer so that those with autism are valued for their unique talents and gifts."
Bystander intervention is the focus of the 2017 Sexual Harassment/Assault Response and Prevention training. While the training focuses on how bystander prevention can help stop sexual harassment and assault, it's also a very good tool to prevent child abuse and alcohol abuse, which are also highlighted in April.
"It is up to us to be active bystanders and support those in need," Olson said.
"The first step to intervening is to recognize the signs and be in tune with those around us." It's important to speak up when noticing things that might be indicators of problems, such as unusual bruises or abrasions on a child or someone is isolated from their friends or coworkers, they said.
As part of the push to promote bystander intervention, the installation is holding a Green Dot challenge.
Pinter also stressed the importance of intervention in helping combat problematic situations.
"You know what right looks like. Choose the hard right instead of the easy wrong," Pinter said. "We're in this together. We're one team."
WASHINGTON (AP) — Senior House Democrats are extolling the benefits of President Barack Obama's health care law in hopes of derailing Republican plans to gut the statute.
Speaking to reporters Monday, House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi says the GOP will begin its “assault” on the law when the 115th Congress convenes Tuesday.
They say abolishing so-called Obamacare as Republicans have promised will force people to pay more for their health insurance while getting much less coverage than they receive through the law. They say undoing the law also will undermine Medicaid and Medicare.
Pelosi is urging people to “take a second look” at how the law has improved their lives.
Advertisement
House Minority Whip Steny Hoyer says many people who voted for President-elect Donald Trump want the health care law preserved.
A military helicopter crashed in St. Mary's County in Maryland Monday afternoon.Maryland State police said a military helicopter of some kind went down in the area near Breton Bay Golf and Country Club in Leonardtown, Maryland. The crash happened along Society Hill Road just before 2 p.m., said Jennifer Stone, a spokesperson for St. Mary's County Sheriff Department.St. Mary's County Sheriff's office could not release any more details about the aircraft that was involved or if there are any injuries. State police said it sent two medical helicopters to the scene.Officials are asking people to avoid the Society Hill area of Leonardtown.WTOP has a reporter headed to the scene. WTOP's John Domen and the Associated Press contributed to this report.
The film “Blade Runner” opened to mixed reviews in 1982. Eventually it came to be considered a science fiction masterpiece, and is now included in the Library of Congress' National Film Registry. A sequel, “Blade Runner 2049,” opens in theaters this weekend.
Reporter Jon Kalish (@kalishjon) finds out how screenwriter Hampton Fancher helped craft both films.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
One of the stars in the latest series of Take Me Out has hit back at a claim the Miss Cheltenham contest is 'shocking'.
Tanya Pyrka, who is from the spa town, is in the line-up for the hit ITV dating show and took to Twitter this morning to put a critic of the town's annual pageant right on what it means to take part.
Yesterday, we revealed the 27 finalists for this year's Miss Cheltenham contest, which led to this Tweet:
The user @someone_maths said: "I can't believe in 2018 this still exists!! Shocking."
It caught Tanya's attention, and they were quick to stand by the young women gunning to represent their town for the next year.
They said: "I think if we can become influential to the younger generation, then it's all worth it. These girls are inspirational and achieved a lot. Take a moment to read and you might surprise yourself."
She's not the first person to point out that Miss Cheltenham is much more than pretty faces. The current holder of the crown, Amy Brown, is a firefighter and the competition puts a premium on helping and representing the community in a positive way.
Amy themselves said: "I have had such a fun filled busy year. I can honestly say that the Miss England competition changed my life as it gave me confidence in myself.
"I achieved something that I thought wasn't possible. It made be believed I could get my dream job as a full time Firefighter in Cheltenham. I can't wait to see which of these deserving young women will win the crown."
And Angie Beasley, the director of Miss England which the winner of Miss Cheltenham will go on to compete in, added: "It's no longer about simply being a pretty face. Finalists of Miss England will be taking part in many rounds such as raising money for charity, designing an Eco costume, taking part in sports and talent competitions and generally immersing themselves effectively in their own communities."
Do you think there's a place in 2018 for competitions like Miss Cheltenham? Join the debate in the comments section below.
170213-N-BR087-004
BREMERTON, Washington (Feb. 13, 2017) Culinary Specialist 2nd Class Andrea Sison, from Vallejo, California, assigned to USS John C. Stennis (CVN 74), breaks apart cauliflower for the salad bar on a berthing barge used to provide living and workspace as well as basic services during John C. Stennis' ongoing maintenance period. John C. Stennis is currently in port preparing for a planned incremental availability. (U.S. Navy photo by Mass Communication Specialist 3rd Class Cole C. Pielop / Released)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 02.13.2017 Date Posted: 02.15.2017 00:51 Photo ID: 3166306 VIRIN: 170213-N-BR087-004 Resolution: 4928x3280 Size: 873.01 KB Location: BREMERTON, WASHINGTON, US Web Views: 0 Downloads: 2 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, 170213-N-BR087-004 [Image 1 of 259], is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
U.S. Army Sgt. Ruben Nunez (left) listens as Iraqi security forces officers brief during a combined operations update at the Ninevah Operations Center, Makhmour, Iraq, Feb. 8, 2017. Nunez is a radio operator in the NOC from Riverside, Calif. The combined brief is an opportunity for members of the NOC to discuss the enemy situation, significant events, strikes and fire missions, and opportunities for mutual coordination of intelligence and fire support. Nunez is assigned to the 2nd Brigade Combat Team, 82nd Airborne Division deployed in support of Operation Inherent Resolve, to enable their Iraqi Security Force partners through the advise and assist mission, contributing planning, intelligence collection and analysis, force protection, and precision fires to achieve the military defeat of ISIL. Combined Joint Task Force-Operation Inherent Resolve is the global Coalition to defeat ISIL in Iraq and Syria. (U.S. Department of Defense photo by U.S. Marine Corps Capt. Timothy Irish)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 02.08.2017 Date Posted: 02.15.2017 10:02 Photo ID: 3167192 VIRIN: 170208-M-GC896-059 Resolution: 6000x4000 Size: 8.48 MB Location: MAKHMOUR, IQ Web Views: 0 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, Ninevah Operations Center supports Iraqi forces in Mosul [Image 1 of 5], by CPT Timothy Irish, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A burglar who was challenged by their victims was caught after they left a crucial clue at the scene of their crime.
Dale Cassidy, 37, got into a home in Montague Road, Cambridge on October 22 and stole nearly £3,000 worth of electricals, keys and collectible coins.
However, a man and woman at the property heard Cassidy, confronted them and as they fled they dropped a glove.
They were arrested on November 8 and was found with a rucksack containing wire cutters and a commemorative coin that had been stolen in the burglary.
Cassidy claimed the bag was not theirs and while footprints found at the property did match the shoes they were wearing, they said they had only recently bought them second-hand.
However, DNA samples from the glove gave detectives solid evidence and they later pleaded guilty to burglary.
The man and woman have been praised by police.
Detective Constable Paul Evans said: “I would like to commend the homeowners' bravery for confronting Cassidy as the DNA evidence from the glove, alongside the footprints, was crucial to be able to pin-point their actions.
“Burglary can have a devastating effect on victims and it is a top priority for the force.”
In addition, Cassidy, of no fixed abode, pleaded guilty to breaching a restraining relating to their ex-partner, admitting to contacting them on three separate occasions.
It followed their conviction on two counts of assault against them in February last year (2016). The order prevented them from making any contact with them until September 22, 2019.
They were sentenced to a total of six years and ten months imprisonment and ordered to pay a victim surcharge of £170 at Cambridge Crown Court last Thursday (December 7).
Commissioners court to hold public hearing regarding tax rate
WAXAHACHIE — The Ellis County Commissioners Court have set a time, date and location for a public hearing where they will potentially approve a fiscal budget. The public hearing on the new tax rate, proposed at $0.393221, which is down from $0.413599 in FY 2016-17, is anticipated to take place at 2 p.m. on Aug. 22 at the historic courthouse. The proposed tax rate for the budget along with other agenda items will be discussed at Tuesday's meeting. The meeting will take place at the historic Ellis County Courthouse, located at 101 W. Main St. in downtown Waxahachie. Read the full story and more in your Weekend edition of The Ennis News. Be informed, subscribe today!
Comments
comments
CLINTON, Ind. (WTHI) - Several arrests are made after a traffic stop and search warrant in Clinton, Indiana.
City Police say it happened on Thursday.
Scroll for more content...
Officials say 27-year-old David Travis Shull was pulled over at Main and Chestnut Street in Clinton. Police say they found methamphetamine, marijuana, scales, baggies, and large amounts of cash during the traffic stop.
Officials say they got a search warrant after the traffic stop for 556 South Main Street in Clinton. Police say at the house, methamphetamine, PCP, marijuana, scales, baggies and syringes were found.
Throughout the traffic stop and search warrant, police say 20 grams of meth were found, and 26 grams of marijuana.
Shull is being held without bond on multiple charges. The charges include Possession of Methamphetamine, Maintaining a Common Nuisance, Possession of Paraphernalia, Unlawful Possession of a Syringe, and Driving While Suspended, Prior.
Three others were arrested in connection to the incident. Megan Carol Pocock, Kenna J. Shull, and Michael Blair. Ofificals say they are all being held without bond. They say they also face various drug charges.
× Runners Sweating the Weather for Steamtown Marathon
SCRANTON — It's expected to be an unusually hot day for the Steamtown Marathon this weekend.
While organizers for the marathon were setting up for Sunday's marathon, runners were doing their best to prepare for their journey. The upcoming race is expected to be one of the hotter ones.
“It's going to be a little warmer,” said Joseph Kelly of Carbondale. “Preparation is going to be a little different as far as nutrition intake.”
The race begins at Forest City High School in Susquehanna County and works its way down to Scranton.
Organizers say they expect at least 1,500 runners for this year's event.
“We are going to be in the 70s maybe even peaking at 80. That's very warm for marathons. We will have 14 official aid stations very well stocked with water and Gatorade,” said organizer Jim Cummings.
Kelly says he's been watching their salt intake for the race, the more the better.
“It holds onto the water molecules so that when you are sweating profusely, you don't sweat all the nutrients and electrolytes that you do in the race,” they explained.
The race benefits Saint Joseph's Center in Scranton.
R.J. Stiltenpole has a sister there and says he's determined to finish the race no matter what.
“We train in the heat all summer long so you can't let it get into your head too much. You just have to understand it's going to be hot for everybody,” Stiltenpole said.
Kelly has run more than 30 marathons and says a key to finishing the race is to not overdo it.
“The weather is going to be what it is going to be on that day and you're going to feel the way you're going to feel on that day, so you really just have to know when you start, if you start slow you figure it out during the race. The marathon is 26.2 miles long so you can adjust.”
Asaram rape case verdict: A look at the case timeline
An SC/ST court will pronounce its verdict in a rape case against self-styled godman Asaram on April 25. The verdict will be delivered on premises of Jodhpur central jail, where Asaram is lodged.
© Muhammad Hamed/Reuters
have never been confirmed.
Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Oleg Syromolotov, responsible for counter-terrorism coordination stated that despite steps taken by the UN, Daesh and other terror groups keep receiving weapons, ammunition, military equipment, political cover, 'using counter-terror issues to achieve cynical political and geopolitical objectives'.Daesh (banned in numerous countries, including Russia) and other terrorist groups appear to continue receiving funding, equipment and other kinds of support from outside sources, despite all measures taken by the United Nations, Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Oleg Syromolotov said."Undoubtedly, the crucial challenge that the international community is currently facing is to put an end to ISIL and other terrorist organizations, recognized by the UN, including Nusra Front [banned in Russia, rebranded and eventually merged with other groups]...the deputy foreign minister said in an interview with RIA Novosti.for the terrorists and extremists, using counter-terror issues to achieve cynical political and geopolitical objectives.""How else could IS [Daesh] militants resist regular armed forces of several states for so many years?" the deputy minister said.Daesh has been able to establish control over large territories in Syria and Iraq, but has lost many of its gains over the last year. It has also claimed responsibility for numerous terrorist attacks across the world.Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Oleg Syromolotov went on to say that the western smear campaign regarding the actions of the Russian Aerospace Forces in Syria plays into the hands of terrorists and promotes the radicalization of public sentiment.According to the minister, "an awful smear campaign for the actions of the Russian Aerospace Forces in Syria, to the point of justifying terrorists' actions 'against Russians'" has been unfolded in the western information sphere."We continue thinking that such cynical manipulations of foreign countries played and play into the hands of terrorists, promoting the radicalization of public sentiment, directly and dangerously inciting terrorist attacks," they said in a statement as quoted by the ministry.On Wednesday, Reuters reported, citing opposition rescue workers, that Russian and Syrian planes killed at least 150 civilians and injured dozens in in an over a week-long campaign in Idlib, which was then refuted by Russian Defense Ministry spokesperson Maj. Gen. Igor Konashenkov. Konashenkov indicated that Russian planes do not conduct air strikes in Syrian residential areas, calling such reports "manipulation for amateurs."Western media have disseminated reports on Russia's alleged involvement in civilian casualties in Syria on numerous occasions, without providing any evidence.On September 20 the Russian General Staff reported about the attack against Syrian government troops carried out by al-Nusra Front terrorists who used artillery, tanks and infantry fighting vehicles in the Idlib de-escalation zone.More interestingly, the militants' offensive was "initiated by US secret services to stop the successful advance of the government troops to the east of Deir ez-Zor," according to the report.
MATTHEW Johns has urged the referees appointed for State of Origin I to strike a balance between blowing the pea out of the whistle and letting players cheat to slow the contest down.
The referees have been under the spotlight even more than usual in 2018 after they were given a directive by NRL boss Todd Greenberg to use their whistle and the sin bin more regularly in a bid to stop professional fouls and slow rucks.
While most agree that strategy has become a necessary evil, State of Origin is an arena famous for free flowing football and a willingness from officials to turn a blind eye to many of the infringements.
LIVE stream the State of Origin Series LIVE and on-demand from overseas. Grab your Watch NRL Early Bird State of Origin Pass now >
Speaking on Triple M's The Grill Team, former NSW player Johns said they were hoping for something similar this series but not at the expense of a quick ruck.
“I'm like everyone else I don't want to see a lot of penalties in the State of Origin but by the same token I don't want super slow play the balls and I don't want players, defenders, particularly Queensland defenders, just standing blatantly offside,” Johns said.
“So it's a very difficult one for the referees, in fact I think it's in our interest for there to be a fast moving game, quick rucks, quick rapid fire play the balls and no cheating at marker.”
In many ways Brad Fittler and the Blues selectors have gambled on a series in which ruck defenders who intentionally slow the play the ball down are penalised.
Damien Cook, who has been picked at hooker, is one of the most electric dummy half runners in the competition but that weapon will be taken away from NSW if they lose the battle in the middle or the referees stop them from gaining an advantage for strong carries.
“Because our key man, I think there is no player who will symbolise who's on top of this contest more than Damien Cook,” Johns said.
Camera Icon Damien Cook's running game shapes as a key to a NSW victory. Picture: AAP
“If Damien Cook is getting out and he's making plenty of runs out of dummy half, then I tell you what we are on top.
“But if he's anonymous then Queensland are getting their way in the ruck, winning the yardage game and controlling us.
“So it's a very, very difficult one and it's going to continue to be a difficult one.”
Johns stressed that it wasn't rocket science to work out how to officiate the game and make it a fair contest that is enjoyable to watch.
They said obvious infringements should be penalised but some of the stuff that happens on the fringes should be allowed to go unpunished.
“The referees, if I was their boss I'd say ‘hey guys, let's not go out and just look for the nit picking penalty',” Johns said.
“If markers aren't straight, if guys are standing blatantly offside, if guys are laying all over the top of them, hey penalise them.”
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
The Spartans have one of the toughest schedules in all of the Eastern Conference, and Jim Thorpe may be the toughest of the 10.
POTTSVILLE — The battle for the Division I wild card has become a game of survival as the regular season winds down.
Win and keep your hopes alive. Lose, and it's time to turn focus ahead to districts.
Friday night at Martz Hall, it was Blue Mountain, courtesy of a 33-30 Schuylkill League Division I girls' basketball victory over Pottsville in overtime, that remained in the hunt.
The Crimson Tide, who led by a deuce with less than 10 seconds remaining in regulation, will close out the league season with contests against Division I champion North Schuylkill and Tamaqua.
The Spartans locked up the division crown, which they last captured in 2015, with a 70-47 victory Friday night over Jim Thorpe.
Blue Mountain has wild-card frontrunner Pine Grove up next and closes its league season with Lehighton.
Pine Grove is alone in second place at 9-3 following a 61-29 victory over Panther Valley. Lehighton, a 59-55 winner over Tamaqua on Friday night, is even with Blue Mountain at 8-4.
“This keeps us alive,” said Blue Mountain coach Ruth Weidman. “Every game is a playoff game now, and that's for everybody that's left, not just us.”
Junior Erin McQuillan got the Eagles into overtime, tying the game at 28 with 6.2 seconds left in regulation when they slid into the lane, took an inbounds pass from Kasey Dean and hit a layup.
Sophomore Emily Fasnacht, whose buzzer-beating 3-pointer earlier this season provided the difference in a victory over Pine Grove, scored a game-winner again, this time on a 3-pointer with 36 seconds left in overtime.
Then, when Pottsville's Lexi Plachko had their 3-pointer with 5.2 seconds left in the extra period bounce off the rim, it was McQuillan again coming up big when they grabbed the rebound and the Eagles ran out the clock.
“We don't get that chance at the end if Erin (McQuillan) doesn't there with six seconds to go,” said Weidman of the shot that forced the extra period.
That the game was close, physical and a defensive struggle came as a surprise to neither Weidman nor Tide boss Curt Ziegmont.
“It's the Schuylkill League,” said Ziegmont. “Everybody knows everybody's plays.
“It was a typical slugfest with more on the line. There was more of a sense of urgency on both sides.”
Plachko's miss from beyond the arc marked the end of a tough night for the Tide from 3-point range. For the game, they hit only 2-of-17 attempts.
The Eagles hit 3-of-7 from behind the arc, but were only 12-of-43 (27.9 percent) from the field overall.
“Our defense was designed to find the shooters and keep them (Pottsville) off the boards,” said Weidman. “I think every one of their 3-point shots, except maybe their first one, was contested.”
Blue Mountain held leads in the first quarter and third quarter, but not at all in the fourth. Pottsville led in every quarter and held a 30-29 advantage early in the extra period.
“Games like this happen,” said Weidman. “There's a lot of pressure. Everybody's been going hard since the last time we played (a 50-46 Pottsville win at Blue Mountain on Jan. 22).
“It's mind willing, bodies not sure. That makes it a defensive struggle.”
Zara Albertini was the scoring leader for the Eagles with 11 points.
Olivia Eckert paced Pottsville with a game-high 12. Plachko and Sadie Comfort added seven apiece.
Contact the writer: croth@republicanherald.com, 570-628-6025
Game Summary
BLUE MOUNTAIN (33) — Albertini 5 1-2 11, Martin 0 0-2 0, McQuillan 2 1-2 5, Fasnacht 1 2-2 5, Dean 1 2-2 5, R. Lukacz 2 0-0 5, Pishock 1 0-0 2. Totals 12 6-10 33.
POTTSVILLE (30) — Skosnick 0 0-0 0, Plachko 3 0-1 7, Tarconish 0 0-0 0, Cesari 0 0-0 0, Eckert 4 4-6 12, Comfort 3 0-0 7, Coyle 2 0-4 4, Yoder 0 0-0 0. Totals 12 4-11 30.
BM (12-7, 8-4) 9 4 6 9 5 — 33 Pot (11-8, 7-5) 8 6 7 7 2 — 30
3-point FGs: Fasnacht, Dean, R. Lukacz, Plachko, Comfort
JV score: Pottsville 38-36
Chicago-based Phusion Projects LLC, the maker of Four Loko, is releasing a new line of spirits: Four Loko Shots. This marks Four Loko's first foray into the liquor business, as the company continues to use innovation as a springboard for sustained growth, it says.
Available in 750-ml bottles, Four Loko Shots is offered in three flavors: Screwball, a lemon drop flavor; Dragon's Breath, a cinnamon apple variety; and Green Tornado, a green apple flavor. With its neon colors and graphic imagery, Shots is intended to be unorthodox and bold in name, liquid and flavor, the company says.
"Four Loko's unabashed reputation always made the expansion into spirits attractive to us," said Gerry Macchia, Phusion Projects' vice president of sales for wine and spirits, in a statement. "A Four Loko hard liquor had to be created in a manner authentic to the brand. One example is the use of experience-based names to describe what it feels like to take the shot, as opposed to simply the flavor."
With the release of Shots, the company now extends its presence into on-premise accounts, a territory that has been mostly unchartered for the company's flavored malt beverage-based product portfolio, it says.
"Four Loko needed to win more occasions," Phusion's President Jim Sloan said. "Our audience's appetite for adventurous options doesn't end at the pregame."
Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document.
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document.
.videoWrapper { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; padding-top: 25px; height: 0; } .videoWrapper iframe { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }
A press conference to announce the installation of a permanent outdoor Memorial honoring female victims of sexual and human trafficking during World War II at the Center for Civil and Human Rights took place on Thursday, Feb. 9 at noon. Former U.S. Congressman Mike Honda (CA 17th Dist.), a longtime advocate for sexual and human trafficking victims and the lead sponsor of U.S. House Resolution 121, will be speaking.
The Memorial, slated to be installed in late Spring, honors the approximately 200,000+ women and girls throughout Asia and the Dutch East Indies who were trafficked and sexually enslaved before and during World War II by the Japanese Imperial Army. Known as the “comfort women,” their tragedy is one of the largest known cases of human trafficking in the 20th century.
The Memorial project is a partnership between the Atlanta Comfort Women Memorial Task Force and the National Center for Civil and Human Rights, who has agreed to serve as the site host. Roger Baik Kyu Kim serves as the Chair of the 24 member Task Force, and Congressman Mike Honda serves as the National Task Force Advisor. Georgia Public Service Commissioner Timothy Echols, who is a longtime advocate against sexual and human trafficking in Georgia, serves as the Task Force Statewide Advisor.
“Protecting the rights of women is paramount to why the National Center for Civil and Human Rights exists,” said Derreck Kayongo, CEO of the National Center for Civil and Human Rights, “We are honored to memorialize these brave women who sacrificed so much.”
Also On The Chicago Defender:
The producers of the controversial Pehredaar Pyar Ki have reiterated that the television serial is a work of fiction that does not promote child marriage. Responding to reports that Union Information and Broadcasting Minister Smriti Irani has asked the Broadcasting Content Complaints Council to study objections to the depiction of a marriage between a 10-year-old boy and an 18-year-old woman, the show's co-producer and creator, Shashi Mittal, said at a press conference in Mumbai, “We haven't portrayed anything uncomfortable in the show and do not promote child marriage.”
The show, produced by Shashi and Sumeet Productions, has been raising eyebrows ever since it started airing on July 17 on Sony Television. The plot follows the marital union between 10-year-old Rajput prince Ratan Singh (Afaan Khan) and their 18-year-old caretaker Diya (Tejaswi Prakash), who becomes their wife to protect them from their scheming relatives.
“It is very wrong that people are talking about banning the show,” co-producer Sumeet Mittal said at the press conference. “Most of the people who have signed the petition haven't watched the show. But if they have signed it after watching the show, then it is their own personal decision.”
The producers have not received any notice from the I&B ministry. “Even if that does happen, we will handle it because we know what we are doing,” Shashi Mittal said.
The Mittals further justified the marriage angle by pointing out that Diya weds Ratan to fulfill their father Mann Singh's dying wishes. “The character is selfish, but Diya is indebted to them and so they take the decision herself, without anybody's compulsion,” Shashi Mittal said. A flashback sequence reveals that Diya was saved by Mann Singh as a child from a rampaging horse.
Recent episodes feature the unlikely couple's wedding night and also teases the possibility of a honeymoon. “We have not portrayed anything that does not happen in everybody's house,” Shashi Mittal claimed. “Even in our houses, when a suhaag raat [wedding night] is organised, people talk openly about it. The same is the case with the honeymoon. Every child knows what these concepts are and we have portrayed it naturally. Moreover, both the characters are not willfully doing anything. Both the sequences are forced on them by the villainous characters in the house.”
Mittal had previously told Scroll.in that marriage was the only way Diya could protect Ratan. The makers reiterated the point at the press conference, and disagreed that it might have been easier for Diya to adopt Ratan.
“The character [Mann Singh] did not think about that,” Shashi Mittal said. “At least by means of marriage, the girl will be happy once the boy grows up after 12 years, when their matrimony will be legalised. What life will the girl have being a mother at such a young age?”
Would the plot resort to a time lapse and depict the relationship between Diya and a grown-up Ratan? “When that happens, people will call our show progressive,” Shashi Mittal declared.
A parolee who escaped custody in Chicago's South Shore neighborhood has been taken into custody in north suburban Glenview, police said.Kir Moorman, a 29-year-old parolee escaped a Department of Corrections officer just after 10:30 a.m. Tuesday. Moorman was wanted for a parole violation just three weeks after serving time for armed robbery. Police said they also have convictions for burglary, drug possession and felony weapons charges."The helicopters were over the house hovering. Then we saw cops all in the area," resident Donna Jones said.Police said Moorman resisted a female officer who was taking them into custody and fled. Chicago police, assisted by the Illinois Department of Corrections, searched for most of the day before Moorman was found.He is currently being held in Chicago police custody. Police said they were taken into custody without incident and no one was injured in the search or apprehension.
Cleveland AB R H BI BB SO Avg. Santana 1b 4 0 1 0 1 0 .211 Lindor ss 5 1 1 0 0 0 .346 Brantley lf 4 1 1 2 1 1 .268 Encarnacion dh 5 0 1 1 0 2 .204 Ramirez 2b 4 0 2 0 0 1 .362 Chisenhall cf 4 0 1 0 0 0 .375 Diaz 3b 4 0 1 0 0 1 .250 Martinez 3b 0 0 0 0 0 0 1.000 Almonte rf 3 0 0 0 0 1 .250 Gomes c 3 1 1 0 0 0 .091 Totals 36 3 9 3 2 6
Minnesota AB R H BI BB SO Avg. Dozier 2b 5 0 0 0 0 2 .240 Kepler cf 5 0 1 0 0 0 .292 Sano dh 4 0 1 0 1 1 .250 1-Buxton pr-dh 0 0 0 0 0 0 .093 Mauer 1b 5 0 2 0 0 1 .213 Grossman rf 3 0 2 0 1 0 .344 Castro c 4 0 0 0 0 2 .194 Polanco ss 2 1 0 0 2 0 .289 Escobar 3b 4 0 1 0 0 2 .286 Rosario lf 4 0 2 1 0 2 .186 Totals 36 1 9 1 4 10
Cleveland 002 010 000—3 9 0 Minnesota 010 000 000—1 9 1
1-ran for Sano in the 9th.
E_Escobar (1). LOB_Cleveland 10, Minnesota 12. 2B_Lindor (5), Kepler (5), Escobar (1). HR_Brantley (2), off Gibson. RBIs_Brantley 2 (8), Encarnacion (2), Rosario (4).
Runners left in scoring position_Cleveland 2 (Santana, Diaz); Minnesota 5 (Sano, Mauer 2, Castro 2). RISP_Cleveland 1 for 5; Minnesota 2 for 7.
Advertisement
Runners moved up_Brantley. GIDP_Lindor.
DP_Minnesota 1 (Dozier, Polanco, Mauer).
Cleveland IP H R ER BB SO NP ERA Salazar W, 1-1 6 7 1 1 2 7 103 3.57 Shaw H, 2 1 0 0 0 0 0 11 5.14 Miller H, 2 1 0 0 0 1 1 17 0.00 Allen S, 3-3 1 2 0 0 1 2 24 1.59 Minnesota IP H R ER BB SO NP ERA Gibson L, 0-2 5 1-3 8 3 3 2 2 88 6.91 Rogers 1 0 0 0 0 0 7 0.00 Duffey 2 2-3 1 0 0 0 4 32 0.00
Inherited runners-scored_Rogers 2-0. HBP_Gibson (Gomes), Duffey (Almonte).
Umpires_Home, Hunter Wendelstedt; First, Andy Fletcher; Second, Alan Porter; Third, Paul Nauert.
T_2:58. A_16,961 (39,021).
1:51 Pilot takes down passenger who pushed flight attendant Pause
3:48 Jimbo Fisher: Seminoles proud to be playing in the Orange Bowl game
3:16 Mac Attack says Romo looked good but Dak earned this
1:32 Dallas Police warn against celebrating with gunfire
1:24 Tony Romo says they showed they can be the same guy
2:07 Are the Dallas Cowboys still America's Team?
1:35 Police Athletic League starts boxing program
1:12 Man's best friend also becomes man's best colleague
0:26 TRE train kills woman who fell onto tracks
One of the most important reasons to choose a gamepad over touch is it's 'Control'. Gamepad allows users to enjoy console experience with their portable smartphones. However, it's not same as the consoles joystick, the makers have tried different keypad setup, with the main idea remains the same.
One of the good things about this gamepad is its pairing feature. Pairing this device with a smartphone is a really easy thing to do. Today, we have compiled a list of gamepads that you can buy in India.
Stay tuned to GizBot for more updates!
Amkette Evo Gamepad Pro 2 This gamepad supports most of the Android smartphones with precise control over the game. Moreover, you can also download exclusive Evo Gamepad App with 400+ games to play. This device is ergonomically designed and gives users a comfortable grip while holding it on the go. Amigo 7 IN 1 (STK 7004) Gamepad This gamepad comes with a Built-in rechargeable lithium battery with 350mAh battery. It supports Android and iOS platforms in along with Auto & Turbo special function. You can buy this gamepad on Amazon India. Mobilegear Wireless Bluetooth Mobile Gamepad This gamepad works various devices including iPod/iPhone/iPad as well as the vast majority of Android phones. This gamepad is powered by 300mAh battery and supports Bluetooth 3.0 on the hood. Bluetooth 3.0 wireless transmission can be 6-8 meters wide range of control from the operation. Amkette Evo Gamepad Wired This Evo Gamepad Wired is fully compatible with all the OTG supported Android phones available in the market. It also has built-in multimedia keys along with ease of access to the volume button. With the travel ready portable design, you can bag Evo Gamepad Wired easily and take it on your trips, business tours etc.
© Carlos Barria / Reuters
Flynn was the wrong man for the job, but their resignation tells us less about insidious Russian schemes than the Trump Administration's flawed assumptions about Russia.As insinuations of Russian blackmail, deliberate misleading of the public, and Logan Act violations fill the airwaves, it is important to take stock of what we do and don't know about Flynn's resignation—and what it might tell us about the Trump Administration's policy toward Russia.Nonetheless, that is how this is going to play among a certain group of Democrats, feeding the flames of moonbat moral certainty.The more likely reality in the Flynn case is simpler: Flynn was, as almost everyone serious understood from the beginning, the wrong man for the NSC job. This is a job that, no matter what the Administration's policies are, requires a cool-headed person committed to making the interagency process work so that a) as much as possible is decided without direct Presidential input, and b) where a Presidential decision is necessary, the President has the tools they need to make the best possible decision. To do this, the NSC has to bring strong-willed people from different institutions into a process that, by its nature, is often very contentious. This works if and only if the various participants trust the process and trust the NSA.No happiness was going to come from this mismatch—not to the President, not to the country, not to General Flynn or those around him.Feeling the pressure of their job, a pressure made worse by the chaotic atmosphere of any Presidential transition and especially by the chaos of this one, Flynn made serial misjudgments. They may well have leaned too far forward on their skis in conversations with the Russians. They certainly failed in the basic duty to keep the Trump Administration informed and appraised of what they were doing, especially as the controversy began to grow.Given all this, the White House had no choice but to demand and accept their resignation. Not surprisingly, given the chaotic state of a new administration, the forced resignation of the National Security Advisor, something that would be a problem for even the smoothest-running operations, challenged the capabilities of the press and management team.The idea of getting a good relationship with Russia based on our common concerns about jihadis and China appeals to every arm-chair Machiavelli who ever lived. Bill Clinton tried this, George W. "Soul Gaze" Bush tried this, and Barack "Reset" Obama also gave it a try. They all thought they were being clever and statesmanlike; they were all fundamentally wrong about what can and can't be accomplished with Moscow under current conditions. Donald J. Trump stands in a long line of Metternich-manqués when it comes to post-Soviet Russia.It seems likely that some of the people around Trump have conflated the idea of opening to Russia with their more general sense of how stupid establishment American policy has been since 1990—or, perhaps, for some of them, since 1948. In other words, they thought the inability of past administrations to get a good relationship with Putin was part of a generalized pattern of failure, arising from mistakes on the U.S. side rather than from the intractable nature of U.S.-Russian dynamics. Trump's advisers seem to believe they have the "secret sauce" to make a good relationship with Putin work, just as they have the secret sauce to make Middle East peace where all others failed. In this regard, Trump actually aligns with their predecessors, all of whom took office believing they alone had the special diplomatic skills necessary to do what no one before them could.Some on Trump's team may have thought that an ideological affinity between Putin's anti-cosmopolitan, nationalist stance and their own would make cooperation possible. This reflects a misunderstanding about the uses of ideology under Putin. Vladimir Putin no doubt has private convictions and beliefs, and it is likely that both social conservatism and Russian nationalism are close to their heart. However, when one speaks of Putin the ruler as opposed to Volodya the chelovek, ideology is an instrument of statecraft. Like their true forebear Napoleon III, Putin is a user of ideologies in the service of maintaining political power, not a zealot willing to stake power on truths in which they believe. If a shift toward a more liberal, accommodative stance would serve their political ends better, they would find a way to switch. For Putin, just as for Soviet leaders like Stalin and Brezhnev, an ideology is a horse to be ridden, not an ideal to be served. Given that, Putin's goal is less to reach accommodation with Trump (or with Obama or with Bush) than to use their own assumptions and aspirations to manipulate them.We still don't really know what happened with Flynn, but it may be that they were undone by the confluence of two factors: the mismatch between their own talents and character and the role they were asked to assume, and the flawed assumptions behind the Administration's first-draft Russia policy. Flynn's resignation tells us that the Trump Administration has already recognized the former; time will tell if it will recalibrate its position on the latter.
The labor movement has been living in the shadow of a national assault on public-sector collective bargaining for a while now. We've talked a lot about Harris v. Quinn, how labor dodged a bullet with that case, and dodged another with the death of Scalia before the Friedrichs case could be decided. But Janus v. American Federation of State, County, and Municipal Employees, Council 31 is likely to be the case labor has been dreading, and we break it down for you today with Andy Stettner of the Century Foundation.
We also look at Uber's failures in London and neoliberalism's failures in France, a union drive at the Los Angeles Times and a labor solidarity mission to Puerto Rico post-hurricanes. For Argh, we consider forced labor “rehab” facilities, and how moving left is the solution to the rise of the populist right.
If you think our work is worth supporting as we soldier on through Trumplandia, please consider becoming a sustaining member of Belabored or donating or subscribing to Dissent. Help keep us going for the next 136 episodes!
Something is clicking these days for Gian Villante, even if they can't say exactly what it is or why it's happening.
More than nine years since jumping into professional fighting with just a few months experience training mixed martial arts, Villante has their clearest picture yet of who they are as a fighter and a person.
“It's tough to say, but things are starting to click a little bit more, I'm starting to figure out myself more,” Villante said.
The Levittown product faces Sam Alvey in a light heavyweight bout at UFC Fight Night 131 in Utica on Saturday, hopefully carrying their growing confidence into the cage.
“When I first walked into a gym and had my first fight, I'd only been training a few months, so I still had a lot to learn,” Villante said. “There are guys who train seven, eight years before they have one fight. I've only been training eight, nine years now, I'm still learning every day, and I just think learning about myself is the biggest thing.
“Whatever it is, something clicked and everything started to feel better.”
Villante (16-9, 6-6 UFC) has trained under Keith Trimble at Bellmore Kickboxing since the beginning. Trimble said they haven't noticed any major differences but said Villante continues to learn and grow as the years go.
Subscribe to Newsday's sports newsletter Receive stories, photos and videos about your favorite New York teams plus national sports news and events. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
“I think with their experience over time, mentally he's more confident in himself,” Trimble said. “More experience, the easier it should become mentally. We've been through this a million and one times. Definitely, the jitters, all that stuff are definitely way less.”
Known for their carefree attitude, Villante said he's been more diligent about their training for recent camps than they were earlier in their career.
“I just think more being on a schedule. No matter what, I get to that workout, that type of thing,” Villante said. “There were times in the past where I'd be tired or feeling injured and I wouldn't go.”
The key to their evolving mindset, however, may reside in Cleveland.
Villante spent the first few weeks of their last three training camps with UFC heavyweight champion Stipe Miocic and their coach, Marcus Marinelli, to get some different looks and experience.
“[Marinelli's] a great dude, man, they treat me like I'm Stipe, like I'm the king, so it's awesome. I do a couple weeks to start there, just to get my body going a little bit,” Villante said. “It's very different from what I do here, they kick your [expletive] right into shape. It's just training with different guys, finding who works for you, and me and Stipe figured out that we're good training partners together and it's worked out for the both of us.”
Villante and Miocic have been friendly for the past few years with Villante even coaching alongside Miocic on the latest season of “The Ultimate Fighter.”
What makes Miocic a good collaborator for Villante?
“What doesn't make them a good training partner is they hit really hard and it hurts,” Villante said. “But what does make it good is he's the best in the world right now and you can only learn with doing something like that.”
Villante believes the trips have helped tremendously.
Trimble agrees.
“The biggest thing is just seeing how a guy like that is serious about their job. It's a short-lived career, so you've gotta make the most out of it. I think Stipe is one of those guys making the most out of their career,” Trimble said. “At the end of the day, Gian is a goofball, it is what it is, he's a happy-go-lucky guy. But I just think being around Stipe, seeing them rise and becoming friends with them and seeing the work ethic that they have, I think that will definitely rub onto you and you realize, ‘OK, you know what, even though I don't have a fight right now, I should be training. I don't take off for three months, then I've got a fight, I've gotta start training eight weeks for now.' You've gotta always stay in shape, you should be at 85 percent, this way when you start to train for your fight, you go right into it instead of taking two or three out of my eight weeks of camp to get in shape. You always want to be ready.”
Tips on How to Pick Winter Coats for Women
The “Brrrr” months are coming. It's high time for you to start picking out some nice winter coats to keep you warm through the season. There are so many winter coats for women to choose from. Let's not forget that out of all the items in your wardrobe, coats are the ones for which you'll have to make a huge investment. How do you pick one that's right for you?
Your body type, needs, personal style or existing wardrobe all factor in when you shop around for a coat for winter. If you're buying it for someone else, it can get quite difficult if you don't take those into consideration. Here are some tips that might help you along the way.
https://www.stylewe.com/product/red-cotton-blend-buttoned-long-sleeve-coat-12589.html
Pick a coat that doesn't clash with most of the clothes in your wardrobe. Many women make this mistake. They choose an item of clothing that matches well with one pair of jeans but looks hideous when worn with others. You'd want one that's flexible and can complement most of the clothes that you have.
Select one made from a material that can keep you warm but isn't too heavy. Some winter coats are lined with insulating materials
Length matters. Wearing a coat that's too long will make you shorter than you actually are. If you plan on going for something longer than a blazer, be sure pick one in which the hem would be line with your knee or slightly above it. This will give your legs a slender look and make you look taller.
https://www.stylewe.com/product/black-cotton-blend-long-sleeve-buttoned-coat-12594.html
Get another pair of eyes. Shop around with a friend so you can have a good source of feedback. As you may already know, sometimes the things we want for ourselves may not really be good for us. This same principle applies to fashion.
https://www.stylewe.com/product/shift-long-sleeve-sweet-long-coat-8343.html
Look out for value, not necessarily the price tag. This takes a little bit of getting used to. Oftentimes, certain items have steep price tags for a reason; after all, in many cases, quality comes at a price. This isn't true for all cases though. Just because it's expensive doesn't mean it's of good quality.
Ask if the winter coat you have your eye on needs any special washing. Some materials shrink after the first time you wash them; others may require just dry-cleaning. When in doubt, don't hesitate to inquire.
Find out what's hot and what's not. You need to do this before you even start shopping. Some people just don't have an eye for fashion; if you're one of them, you need to do your homework. Go through magazines, fashion websites and even online coat shops. Look for tips like these. Some websites have applications which let you find out what type of coat best suits you after answering a series of survey questions. When in doubt, there's always your computer so that you can shop now!
by Elizabeth A. Tomlin
On Sept. 14, an awards ceremony took place honoring the first recipient of the New York Center for Agricultural Medicine and Health (NYCAMH) Hero Award.
Ralph Ritton, of Westford, NY, received this inaugural award for their work in the community, promoting agricultural safety.
“We're excited to present this inaugural award to Mr. Ralph Ritton, of Westford, New York,” said NYCAMH's Deputy Director, Erika Scott. “This award was created to recognize the extraordinary accomplishments of an individual or community partner whose work has enhanced agricultural safety and health in New York.”
Ritton has been a member of the Westford Volunteer Fire Department since 1968 after returning from deployment with the Army in Southeast Asia.
They became Fire Chief of Westford in 1985 and currently remains in that capacity.
Scott said that Ritton was employed in a 42-year career working for Custom Electronics in Oneonta as Quality Assurance Manager, where they took particular pride interfacing with large military electronic systems suppliers, knowing their work helped major defense projects that are in the news daily.
Ritton is a certified EMT and a CPR/EMS instructor for the American Red Cross and the American Heart Association, frequently instructing classes, including two CPR classes each semester at SUNY Oneonta.
Scott reports that Ritton's dedication to safety has influenced NYCAMH in many ways.
“He is featured on the National ROPS Rebate Program website, describing the importance of tractor rollbars from the perspective of a first responder,” Scott said.
See Ritton's commentary on ROPS on the website — www.ropsr4u.com.
“He (Ritton) played an integral part in a farm emergency mapping pilot grant from the Agricultural Safety and Health Council of America (ASHCA),” Scott attested. “Ralph donated their time to construct 30 farm emergency tubes from PVC piping, thereby keeping the emergency maps protected from the elements. They also accompanied NYCAMH staff on farm visits for the pilot project, and encouraged local farmers to participate.  They are always willing to collaborate with us on safety events for their community. Ralph has touched the lives of our staff, and of local farmers.”
“I am humbled and honored to receive this award,” said Ritton.
Ritton credits NYCAMH for the incredible work and outreach they have accomplished across New York State.
New York Center for Agricultural Medicine and Health was established in the 1980's by Dr. John May and Dr. David Pratt, pulmonologists at The Mary Imogene Bassett Hospital in Cooperstown, NY.
The program was initially known as the Bassett Farm and Safety Health Project. It was officially named the New York Center for Agriculture and Medicine in 1988. The mission is to enhance agricultural and rural health by preventing and treating occupational injury and illness.
Learn about NYCAMH at www.nycamh.org.
© US Navy / Reuters
On Tuesday, Captain Danny Hernandez, a spokesperson for the US European Command, said that on three separate occasions, Russian military jets came close to the USS Porter destroyer in the Black Sea on February 10.One of the incidents, the US official said, involved two supersonic Su-24 attack jets. The second one also involved a separate Su-24, while the third flyby was apparently made by an IL-38 maritime patrol aircraft.US Defense Department spokesperson Michelle Baldanza said the incidents were deemed "unsafe and unprofessional," pointing out that the Russian aircraft did not have their transponders on."Several incidents by multiple Russian aircraft in the Black Sea near the destroyer USS Porter (DDG 78) on Feb. 10 were assessed by the ship's commanding officer as unsafe and unprofessional," Baldanza told Sputnik on Tuesday. "Such incidents are concerning because they can result in accident or miscalculation."The Russian Ministry of Defense, on Tuesday, denied the US accusations. "," Maj. Gen. Igor Konashenkov said in a statement."All of our flights were conducted and are being conducted over the neutral waters of the Black Sea in accordance with international rules and safety requirements," the general added.Konashenkov was surprised to hear the US military were astonished to see Russian fighters so close to Russian borders.said the representative of the Ministry of Defense.The drills in the vicinity of Constanta, Romania, took place February 1-10.Some 2,800 seamen from Bulgaria, Canada, Greece, Romania, Spain, Turkey, Ukraine and the US practiced methods of defending against undersea, air and overland attacks. Overall 16 warships, one submarine, and ten aircraft took part in the drills.The Black Sea drills are just a latest in a series of actions NATO has taken close to Russia's borders. On January 31, US and Polish soldiers, alongside newly delivered American military hardware, also conducted joint drills in what has been described as the biggest US deployment in Europe since the end of the Cold War.Moscow has repeatedly voiced concerns over NATO's military activity on its borders."These actions threaten our interests, our security," Dmitry Peskov, spokesperson for Russian President Vladimir Putin said earlier this month. "Especially as it concerns a third party building up its military presence near our borders."In response, Russia stationed its most modern weaponry and armaments in its western regions, including the exclave of Kaliningrad, which shares a border with Poland and Lithuania, and is carrying out large-scale military drills on home soil, including the Black Sea.Friday's alleged incidents are not the first time the US have accused Moscow of flying its warplanes "dangerously" close to US warships patrolling Russian borders.On April 11, 2016, the USS Donald Cook encountered multiple Russian Su-24 warplanes in the Baltic Sea. Judging by the videos released by the US Navy at the time,
FEROZPUR: Unable to marry their girlfriend, a dejected Pakistani national decided to walk up to the Indian side of the international border hoping to get killed by a BSF bullet but was instead arrested and put behind bars.
According to reports, 32-year-old Mohammad Asif was apprehended by 118 Battalions of the Border Security Force on Monday near the Mabboke border post.
Asif was later handed over to the Mamdot Police by the BSF officials.
During their interrogation, Asif told officials that they walked towards the Indian border hoping that a bullet from the BSF jawans would pierce their heart and end their sufferings.
They initially wanted to hang themselves but changed the plan as that would not have been the right thing to do during the holy month of Ramzan.
Asif, a resident of Jalloke village in Pakistan's Kasur district, was madly in love with the sister-in-law of their eldest brother Atik-ur-Rehman.
Asif decided to end their lives after twice being denied permission by the woman's family to marry them
Both Asif and the woman's family strongly disapproved of their relationship, which forced them to think of ending their lives.
Asif claimed that they and their girlfriend wanted to get married but the woman was forced to marry someone else.
The woman got divorced sometimes back. Asif again pleaded with their family to let them marry her, but they refused this time too.
Asif comes from a well-off family that owns around 25 acres of land and has also cleared their senior secondary exams.
Asif has been booked under the Indian Passport Act and the Foreigners Act, according to Station House Officer (SHO) of Mamdot Police Station, Rashpal Singh.
(With PTI inputs)
Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document.
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document.
.videoWrapper { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; padding-top: 25px; height: 0; } .videoWrapper iframe { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }
CLEVELAND (AP) — The Chicago White Sox were already in major trouble before Corey Kluber threw one pitch.
Once they had a big lead, surrender was their only option.
The two-time Cy Young Award winner pitched six shutout innings and reached eight victories before any AL pitcher as the Cleveland Indians rolled to their fifth straight win, 9-1 Wednesday over the sagging White Sox to complete a three-game series sweep.
Spotted a nine-run cushion after four innings, Kluber (8-2) had little trouble with baseball's worst team.
Kluber allowed three hits and struck out 10 while improving to 4-0 with a 0.33 ERA in four starts against Central Division teams this season.
“You know they have pitched so many games where you look up and it's nothing-nothing in the fifth,” Indians manager Terry Francona said. “We've all seen it. So to give them a cushion, any pitcher, but they certainly know what to do with it.”
Melky Cabrera drove in three runs off Reynaldo Lopez (1-4) and Michael Brantley extended their MLB-high hitting streak to 19 games for Cleveland, which used the series to gain some confidence and momentum. The Indians scored 25 runs against the White Sox and 43 during their win streak.
Jose Ramirez and Edwin Encarnacion connected for back-to-back homers in the fourth off Chris Volstad as the Indians opened a 9-0 lead.
The White Sox committed two more errors, dropped their fourth in a row and fell to 16-37. Chicago had five errors in the three-game series.
Yolmer Sanchez homered leading off the ninth as the White Sox avoided a shutout.
Kluber is tough to deal with under normal circumstances, but with a big lead and pitching at home, he's nearly unbeatable. The right-hander is 5-0 with a 1.26 ERA at Progressive Field, and they didn't walk a batter for the fourth straight start — a career-best span of 28 1/3 innings.
“Kluber was Kluber,” said White Sox manager Rick Renteria.
Chicago's Yoan Mocada led off the first with a single off Kluber, who then struck out eight of the next 12 and spent the rest of the day fine-tuning their already fine-tuned collection of pitches.
By the time Kluber took the mound in the third, the Indians were up 7-0, but they had to focus as things were much tighter.
“You kind of train yourself or teach yourself to take each hitter, each pitch, whatever you want to call it, as if the game was tied,” they said. “I think that through experience I'm sure every pitcher would tell you, as soon as you let your guard down a little bit, things usually bite you in the rear.”
Cabrera's two-run double highlighted a five-run third for the Indians. They had Lopez in trouble in the first inning, but let the right-hander escape by giving up only two runs.
Brantley singled in the first when the Indians took a 2-0 lead against Lopez, whose wild pitch brought in Greg Allen with Cleveland's first run before Cabrera delivered a one-out sacrifice fly.
Since moving into the No. 2 spot in Cleveland's order, Brantley is batting .368 (29 of 79) with six homers, 18 RBIs and 20 runs scored.
MELKY WAY
The Indians improved to 7-3 in Cabrera's 10 starts since they were recalled from Triple-A Columbus. They signed a minor league contract with the club in April.
“He just knows how to hit,” Francona said. “He really did work hard. When we were talking to him, they say, ‘I'm in good shape,' and they are because it's hard to step in when you miss spring training and he's played every game.”
SWEPT AWAY
The White Sox held a 25-minute meeting after they were swept for the eighth time this season. They also dropped to 8-19 on the road and 7-14 inside the division.
MANAGING MILLER
All-Star reliever Andrew Miller has been cleared to begin a throwing program after they had their right knee evaluated by Dr. David Altchek in New York.
Altchek confirmed Miller has inflammation. The Indians said he'll begin “a gradual progression back to mound activity.” There is no timetable for their return.
Miller has been on the disabled list three times in the past year with a right knee issue. The left-hander has not been effective since returning from a hamstring injury on May 11.
UP NEXT
White Sox: LHP Hector Santiago starts against Milwaukee in the opener of a three-game series Friday. They picked up their first win of the season on May 26, allowing one run in five innings against Detroit.
Indians: Rookie Shane Bieber will make their major league debut — on their 23rd birthday — in the opener of a four-game series at Minnesota. A fourth-round pick in 2016, Bieber has quickly risen through Cleveland's system. They pitched a rain-shortened, seven-inning no-hitter for Triple-A Columbus last week. He's is the first pitcher in Cleveland history to debut on their birthday.
___
More AP baseball:
Comments
comments
A leading neo-Nazi website is losing its internet domain host after its publisher posted an article mocking the woman who was killed in a deadly attack at a white nationalist rally in Virginia.
GoDaddy tweeted late on Sunday night that it has given The Daily Stormer 24 hours to move its domain to another provider because the site has violated the company's terms of service.
GoDaddy spokesperson Dan Race said the move was prompted by a post on the site about Heather Heyer, who was killed on Saturday when a man ploughed their car into a group of demonstrators in Charlottesville.
The post called their "fat" and "childless" and said "most people are glad they are dead, as they are the definition of uselessness".
Shortly after GoDaddy tweeted its decision, the site posted an article claiming it had been hacked and would be shut down. But one of The Daily Stormer's contributors said that post was just a prank.
"We're a convivial publication. We have a lot of fun with it," said Andrew Auernheimer, a notorious hacker and internet troll who writes for the site.
Andrew Anglin, the website's publisher and author of Sunday's post about Heyer, said they couldn't immediately comment on Monday on GoDaddy's move.
"I don't have time to talk, we're trying to regain control of the site," they said in an email to The Associated Press.
GoDaddy isn't The Daily Stormer's host, which means the site's content isn't on the company's servers.
Anglin's site takes its name from Der Sturmer, a newspaper that published Nazi propaganda. The site includes sections called "Jewish Problem" and "Race War".
The Daily Stormer is infamous for orchestrating internet harassment campaigns carried out by its "Troll Army" of readers. Its targets have included prominent journalists, a Jewish woman who was running for a California congressional seat and Alex Jones, a radio host and conspiracy theorist whom Anglin derided as a "Zionist Millionaire".
Other internet services have taken similar action against The Daily Stormer since Anglin founded it in 2013.
In 2015, Anglin said PayPal had permanently banned them from using the service. And they complained in January that a Ukrainian advertising company had banned them, leaving an Australian electrician as the site's only advertiser.
Originally published as GoDaddy boots neo-Nazi site after post
Warriors vs. Cavs, Round 4: Is this good for the NBA?
Photo: Marcio Jose Sanchez / Associated Press Image 1 of / 10 Caption Close Image 1 of 10 In this June 2, 2016 file photo, Cleveland Cavaliers forward LeBron James (23) dribbles against Golden State Warriors guard Stephen Curry during the first half of Game 1 of the NBA Finals. In this June 2, 2016 file photo, Cleveland Cavaliers forward LeBron James (23) dribbles against Golden State Warriors guard Stephen Curry during the first half of Game 1 of the NBA Finals. Photo: Marcio Jose Sanchez / Associated Press Image 2 of 10 LeBron James (23) waits for a pass during an off day practice and media day at Oracle Arena before the Golden State Warriors play the Cleveland Cavaliers in Game 1 of the NBA Finals in Oakland, Calif, on Wednesday, May 30, 2018. less LeBron James (23) waits for a pass during an off day practice and media day at Oracle Arena before the Golden State Warriors play the Cleveland Cavaliers in Game 1 of the NBA Finals in Oakland, Calif, on ... more Photo: Carlos Avila Gonzalez / The Chronicle Image 3 of 10 Klay Thompson (11) surrounded by the media during an off day practice and media day at Oracle Arena before the Golden State Warriors play the Cleveland Cavaliers in Game 1 of the NBA Finals in Oakland, Calif, on Wednesday, May 30, 2018. less Klay Thompson (11) surrounded by the media during an off day practice and media day at Oracle Arena before the Golden State Warriors play the Cleveland Cavaliers in Game 1 of the NBA Finals in Oakland, Calif, ... more Photo: Carlos Avila Gonzalez / The Chronicle Image 4 of 10 Kyle Korver (26) stretches with teammates during an off day practice and media day at Oracle Arena before the Golden State Warriors play the Cleveland Cavaliers in Game 1 of the NBA Finals in Oakland, Calif, on Wednesday, May 30, 2018. less Kyle Korver (26) stretches with teammates during an off day practice and media day at Oracle Arena before the Golden State Warriors play the Cleveland Cavaliers in Game 1 of the NBA Finals in Oakland, Calif, ... more Photo: Carlos Avila Gonzalez / The Chronicle Image 5 of 10 Kevin Love (0) shoots during an off day practice and media day at Oracle Arena before the Golden State Warriors play the Cleveland Cavaliers in Game 1 of the NBA Finals in Oakland, Calif, on Wednesday, May 30, 2018. less Kevin Love (0) shoots during an off day practice and media day at Oracle Arena before the Golden State Warriors play the Cleveland Cavaliers in Game 1 of the NBA Finals in Oakland, Calif, on Wednesday, May 30, ... more Photo: Carlos Avila Gonzalez / The Chronicle Image 6 of 10 JR Smith (5) during an off day practice and media day at Oracle Arena before the Golden State Warriors play the Cleveland Cavaliers in Game 1 of the NBA Finals in Oakland, Calif, on Wednesday, May 30, 2018. JR Smith (5) during an off day practice and media day at Oracle Arena before the Golden State Warriors play the Cleveland Cavaliers in Game 1 of the NBA Finals in Oakland, Calif, on Wednesday, May 30, 2018. Photo: Carlos Avila Gonzalez / The Chronicle Image 7 of 10 Stephen Curry (30) bounces a ball on their head during an off day practice and media day at Oracle Arena before the Golden State Warriors play the Cleveland Cavaliers in Game 1 of the NBA Finals in Oakland, Calif, on Wednesday, May 30, 2018. less Stephen Curry (30) bounces a ball on their head during an off day practice and media day at Oracle Arena before the Golden State Warriors play the Cleveland Cavaliers in Game 1 of the NBA Finals in Oakland, ... more Photo: Carlos Avila Gonzalez / The Chronicle Image 8 of 10 Kevin Durant (35) smiles while answering a question during an off day practice and media day at Oracle Arena before the Golden State Warriors play the Cleveland Cavaliers in Game 1 of the NBA Finals in Oakland, Calif, on Wednesday, May 30, 2018. less Kevin Durant (35) smiles while answering a question during an off day practice and media day at Oracle Arena before the Golden State Warriors play the Cleveland Cavaliers in Game 1 of the NBA Finals in ... more Photo: Carlos Avila Gonzalez / The Chronicle Image 9 of 10 Warriors head coach Steve Kerr watches some practice shots during an off day practice and media day at Oracle Arena before the Golden State Warriors play the Cleveland Cavaliers in Game 1 of the NBA Finals in Oakland, Calif, on Wednesday, May 30, 2018. fewer Warriors head coach Steve Kerr watches some practice shots during an off day practice and media day at Oracle Arena before the Golden State Warriors play the Cleveland Cavaliers in Game 1 of the NBA Finals in ... more Photo: Carlos Avila Gonzalez / The Chronicle Image 10 of 10 Draymond Green (23) leaves the interview room during an off day practice and media day at Oracle Arena before the Golden State Warriors play the Cleveland Cavaliers in Game 1 of the NBA Finals in Oakland, Calif, on Wednesday, May 30, 2018. less Draymond Green (23) leaves the interview room during an off day practice and media day at Oracle Arena before the Golden State Warriors play the Cleveland Cavaliers in Game 1 of the NBA Finals in Oakland, ... more Photo: Carlos Avila Gonzalez / The Chronicle Warriors vs. Cavs, Round 4: Is this good for the NBA? 1 / 10 Back to Gallery
The Golden State Warriors and the Cleveland Cavaliers will meet in the NBA Finals for the fourth straight year, starting Thursday night, at Oakland's Oracle Arena.
While fans of both teams are excited about the matchup, is this latest edition of the same matchup a good thing for the NBA? Or are people getting sick of it?
Depends on whom you ask.
The players love it, even if they hate the question.
“Yeah, I think it's great. I think it's great. You want me to elaborate?” Warriors forward Kevin Durant said at Wednesday's media scrum ahead of the Finals.
“It's not our fault,” said Golden State's Klay Thompson. “I'm sure if you asked the fans of the Warriors or the Cavs ... I'm sure they're happy with their team's performance. The only people I hear saying that are fans of other teams.”
LeBron James? The Cavaliers' superstar didn't want to hear about any boredom with a third sequel.
“If you don't want to see someone in the (Finals), then beat them,” James said.
Solid logic all around.
TV executives are all for this matchup. Ratings were sky-high this postseason, thanks to the star power on both rosters. It didn't hurt that both the Eastern and Western Conference finals went to suspenseful Game 7 deciders.
Now Playing:
In Boston, James and their Cavaliers outlasted the storied Celtics, attracting over 13 million viewers, according to the Nielsen ratings. That's ESPN's second-best rating ever for an NBA playoff game.
The next night, the Warriors and Rockets played their own Game 7, and the audience was even bigger. Over 18 million viewers tuned in to see Golden State eliminate Houston. That's the second-largest cable television audience in history for an NBA game, trailing only the Warriors-Thunder Game 7 in 2016, according to the Associated Press and NBA.com.
ESPN reported a 31 percent jump in its NBA playoff audience this year. Clearly, the fans have been engaged.
But will they remain so during the Finals? Little give Cleveland a chance to beat the Warriors this time around. Golden State features four All-Stars in the starting lineup. Cleveland counters with one legend — James — and a cast of role players.
There have been rumblings on social media that fans are growing tired of this matchup.
“Waking up to see the #Cavs will be playing the Warriors, again, was not how I'd like to start this work week. #CavsWarriorsIV #NBAFinals,” tweeted one fan from Pennsylvania after the Warriors won Game 7 in Houston.
“I'll still be watching, but after the last two weeks, #CavsWarriorsIV is easily the least inspiring outcome,” tweeted another in Nashville.
But once the ball goes up, many around the country will tune in to see whether Cleveland can pull off the upset. Through their recent dominance of the NBA landscape, the Warriors have gone from everyone's darlings in 2015 to everyone's villains in 2018.
Which gives James and their teammates an interesting opportunity.
“Listen, Golden State is one of the best teams I've ever played. It's one of the best teams that's ever been assembled,” James said Wednesday. “For me as a competitor, it's fun. It's truly fun to know when I'm done playing the game of basketball to know that I played against some of the greatest teams that ever played, ever been assembled. And this is one of them.”
Star power attracts viewers. Some basketball purists may have wanted to see an upstart Toronto Raptors team reach the Finals after winning the most games in the Eastern Conference during the regular season. Others liked the Celtics, who lost two of their best players to injuries and still came one game short of the Finals, after an inspired run through the playoffs.
Then again, most fans couldn't name five players on the Raptors or the Celtics. But they know LeBron James. Stephen Curry's jersey is the No. 1 seller in the league. Draymond Green is a player many fans love to hate. Kevin Durant always brings a touch of melodrama to the occasion.
This is an NBA telenovela, writ large.
People may not like dynasties. But they still watch them.
“Baseball thrived for many years with the New York Yankees as repeaters,” sports agent Leigh Steinberg wrote in an opinion piece recently published by Forbes.com. “The NFL had the Dallas Cowboys as ‘America's Team.' The Buffalo Bills made four consecutive losing Super Bowl appearances. The New England Patriots have been back many times, and both the MLB and the NFL are healthy.”
More parity may be on the horizon in the NBA, with the asupervisorstioned Celtics, Raptors and Rockets, among other teams, poised to get better. There has been talk of simply taking the top 16 teams in the league into the playoffs, leaving geography out of the equation. Until then, enjoy Round 4.
“I think this is a great display of basketball on the court from both sides, and if you're a real lover of the game, you can enjoy how both teams play it, even though it may be different,” said Durant. “So if you enjoy basketball, I don't feel like you should have any complaints because it's a great set of players on both teams.”
Al Saracevic is the sports editor of The San Francisco Chronicle. E-mail: asaracevic@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @alsaracevic
"I exclaimed out loud to no one in particular: 'Whoa! This right here is a whole 'nother level!'"
Rome, December 11 - The executive of Popular Alernative (AP) on Monday asked its founders Beatrice Lorenzin, Fabrizio Cicchitto and Maurizio Lupi, as well as deputy coordinator Antonio Gentile, to find a way for both parts of the centrist party "to survive". One part looks to continue the alliance with the ruling centre-left Democratic Party (PD) while the other is looking to run alone at next year's general election and to dialogue with ex-premier Silvio Berlusconi's centre-right Forza Italia party. The AP executive adjourned until tomorrow at 18:00. Last week AP leader Angelino Alfano, the foreign minister, said they would not be standing at the next general election. They said they were retiring from office, but not from politics, because of a string of strong personal attacks on him. AP was founded in March as a merger of Alfano's New Centre Right, the UDC and other small centrist parties. Alfano, once Berlusconi's heir apparent, formed the New Centre Right in November 2013 in a split from the then People fo Freedom (PdL) party which was set to return to be called Forza Italia, after the party with which Berlusconi won their first election in 1994.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
What Should We Call Seattle's New Hockey Team?
With the future renovations to Key Arena, Seattle is a possible expansion city for a new NHL team. So that got us thinking, “What should we call Seattle's new hockey team?”
Our listeners came up with some great names. Take a listen here!
Tash Kickett fully understands that many women from their culture shun intimate medical check-ups because they regard their bodies as very private.
But the 40-year-old from Baldivis has a powerful message for other Aboriginal women — that a few minutes of discomfort can save a life.
A routine screening test four years ago led to a diagnosis of cervical cancer and months of treatment including chemotherapy.
“I'd been really tired which I attributed to being a working mum and there were other ‘girl things', but the split-second decision to get that test saved my life,” Ms Kickett said.
“As an Aboriginal woman your body is very private, and I'd say that's why a big number of Aboriginal women avoid going to their doctor when something's not right.
“But five minutes of slight discomfort that may lead to an early diagnosis is better than going through cancer treatment.”
Ms Kickett said there were culturally appropriate medical services for Aboriginal women but they were not always readily available, so it was important that health professionals were sensitive to their needs.
As part of last week's National Close the Gap Day, the WA Cervical Cancer Prevention Program and the Cancer Council WA released resources to encourage Aboriginal people to get tested and to educate healthcare providers.
They included a flip-chart that explains cervical cancer and recent changes to the screening program, and a video for Aboriginal people that covers what cancer is, what to look for, screening and support, and ways to cut cancer risk. Cancer death rates are 30 per cent higher for Aboriginal people than other Australians, and cancer is the second leading cause of death in Aboriginal people.
Cancer Council WA chief executive Ashley Reid said that the gap in cancer outcomes was unacceptable, and culturally appropriate and accessible education and services were the key to saving lives. “As was the case for Tash, if we can empower people to be aware of the symptoms and causes of cancer and participate in cancer screening programs, we can find cancer at an earlier stage when outcomes are better and treatment options are more effective,” they said.
For details of the video go to cancerwa.asn.au or call 13 11 20
New Delhi: Police on Wednesday detained Indian Youth Congress protesters as they marched towards Parliament as a part of their "Bharat Bachao Jan Andolan" campaign to highlight the failures of NDA government on various fronts and fuel price rise.
According to a Youth Congress statement, the march to Parliament House was stopped by Delhi Police personnel who used water cannon and lathicharge against the protesters.
"Youth Congress president Keshav Chand Yadav and VP Srinivias BV were among the detained and taken to Parliament Street Police Station, along with thousands of activists," it said.
The statement said that Yadav and Srinivas were also manhandled by the police and were injured during the protest, along with several party office-bearers, state presidents and other activists.
It said the Delhi Police reported that a total of 1,500-2,000 activists were detained during this protest out of 20,000 protesters who had gathered.
Among the senior Congress leaders who joined the march were Pramod Tiwari, Avinash Pandey and Jitendra Singh.
Under a nationwide call of "Bharat Bachao Jan Andolan", the Youth Congress has launched a countrywide movement to expose failures of the current National Democratic Alliance (NDA) government.
The campaign held the Narendra Modi government responsible for ill-planned and degenerating decisions being taken on issues relating to unemployment, inflation, farmers, Dalits, women atrocities, and ill-planned and mismanaged implementation of Goods and Services Tax.
New Delhi: The Supreme Court on Monday put on hold a Madras High Court order staying the lookout notice against Karti Chidambaram so that they do not leave the country.
Staying the August 10 order till the next date of hearing, the bench of Chief Justice J.S. Khehar and Justice D.Y. Chandrachud directed further hearing of the matter for Friday.
The apex court order came on a petition by the Central Bureau of Investigation, which contended that the Madras High Court had no territorial jurisdiction to entertain the plea and stay the lookout notice.
The investigative agency told the court that the lookout notice was only to prevent the son of former Finance Minister P. Chidambaram from leaving the country.
Milwaukee Brewers' Jesus Aguilar scores past St. Louis Cardinals catcher Carson Kelly during the seventh inning of a baseball game against the St. Louis Cardinals Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Milwaukee. Aguilar scored on a hit by Orlando Arcia. (AP Photo/Morry Gash)
Milwaukee Brewers' Jesus Aguilar scores past St. Louis Cardinals catcher Carson Kelly during the seventh inning of a baseball game against the St. Louis Cardinals Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Milwaukee. Aguilar scored on a hit by Orlando Arcia. (AP Photo/Morry Gash)
MILWAUKEE (AP) - The Cardinals' Alex Reyes pitched four scoreless innings in their return from Tommy John surgery, and Oswaldo Arcia hit a go-ahead single in a two-run seventh to lead the Milwaukee Brewers over St. Louis 3-2 on Wednesday.
Making their first major league appearance since Sept. 29, 2016, Reyes allowed three hits, struck out two and walked two.
Reyes was 4-1 with a 1.57 ERA two years ago, beating the Chicago Cubs three times and striking out 52 in 46 innings. Reyes felt pain during a pre-spring training bullpen session in February 2017 and was operated on by Cardinals head orthopedic physician Dr. George Paletta.
Reyes, a 23-year-old right-hander, was 3-0 with a 0.00 ERA in four minor league injury rehabilitation starts this month at Class A Palm Beach and Peoria, Double-A Springfield and Triple-A Memphis. They struck out 44 in 23 innings.
Milwaukee, at 19-8, set a team record for wins in May despite going 1 for 10 with runners in scoring position and stranding 12 runners.
Yelich hit into a run-scoring forceout to put Milwaukee ahead in the fifth, but the Cardinals took a 2-1 lead in the seventh against Jeremy Jeffress (5-0) on Harrison Bader's fifth home run and Tommy Pham's sacrifice fly.
Yelich drove Tyler Lyons' first pitch of the seventh inning off the facing of the center-field scoreboard, and Jesus Aguilar, Domingo Santana and Arcia singled off Sam Tuivailala (1-1).
Alex Reyes, a 23-year-old rookie right-hander, was activated from the 60-day disabled list before the game. It was their first major-league appearance since Sept. 29, 2016. They worked out of bases-loaded jam in the second, scattered three hits, struck out two and walked two in four innings.
Brewers starter Junior Guerra allowed four hits in six scoreless innings. Josh Hader struck out the side in the eighth and got two outs in the ninth, and Corey Knebel struck out Jose Martinez for their fifth save in seven chances.
Dexter Fowler had three singles for the Cardinals.
MAKING MOVES
RHP Mike Mayers was optioned to Triple-A Memphis by the Cardinals. ... RHP Dominic Leone, out since May 5 with right upper arm nerve irritation, was transferred to the 60-day DL.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Cardinals: Fowler returned to the starting lineup after missing three games with a bruised right knee. They were hit by a pitch Saturday at Pittsburgh. ... LF Marcell Ozuna was a late scratch and replaced by Tyler O'Neill.
Brewers: SS Tyler Saladino (left ankle sprain) was placed on the 10-day DL. They jammed the ankle into second base taking a throw on a force play Tuesday night. Eric Sogard started in their place, and Arcia took over in the seventh.
UP NEXT
Cardinals: RHP Jack Flaherty (2-1, 2.15 ERA) is to make their third career start against Pittsburgh on Friday as the Cardinals return home. RHP Trevor Williams (5-3, 3.43 ERA) starts for the Pirates.
Brewers: RHP Chase Anderson (4-3, 4.42 ERA) faces the Chicago White Sox on Friday night in the opener of an eight-game trip. They beat the White Sox 5-1 for Arizona in their major-league debut on May 11, 2014.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Monday, August 14, 2017
CUSCO, PERU—Andina reports that Peruvian archaeologists digging a site in the surburbs of Cusco have unearthed a circular wall that was erected some 3,000 years ago. Built by an ancient people known as the Marcavalle culture, the structure measures 22 feet in diameter and was probably a dwelling that might have also had a ceremonial function. Inside, the team discovered pottery featuring human and animal faces, as well as figurines and dog and other animal bones. A second walled structure, likely a workshop, was also unearthed. To read in-depth about archaeology in Peru, go to “An Overlooked Inca Wonder.”
The highway was closed in the northbound lane due to a vehicle accident
Update:
The Coquihalla is now reopened. The right lane is still closed so expect traffic delays due to congestion, said DriveBC.
Original:
The Coquihalla is currently closed in the northbound lane at Exit 256 (Coldwater Road) due to a vehicle accident about 50 kilometres south of Merritt.
The incident occurred at about 1 p.m. this afternoon.
Slushy and slippery sections have been reported in the area, according to DriveBC.
There is an update scheduled for 1:30 p.m. from DriveBC.
#BCHwy5 Northbound CLOSED at Exit 256, Kingsvale (Coldwater road) because of a vehicle incident. Assessment in progress. Next update 1:30 PM. https://t.co/DJ77YySv8g — Drive BC (@DriveBC) February 3, 2018
To report a typo, email: edit@kelownacapnews.com.
@carliberry_
carli.berry@kelownacapnews.com
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
Photo: Scott Kirkland / Molly Riley / PictureGroup / Sipa / USA Today
By Scott T. Sterling
Macklemore fans should be especially thankful for Kesha.
A comedic new promo video for next summer's ‘The Adventures of Kesha and Macklemore' tour finds Macklemore ready to give up rapping to become a professional roller-blader.
Related: Macklemore Reveals How They & Kesha Became Fast Friends
That is until the arrival of Kesha, driving a classic Trans Am and decked out in a fabulous matching gold ensemble. The singer convinces them to give up their roller-blading dreams and go on tour with them instead.
The dynamic duo will launch the nine-week, 30-city tour June 6 in Phoenix, AZ, running until the final date on August 5 in Tampa, FL.
$1 from every ticket sold will be donated on ‘The Adventures of Kesha and Macklemore' tour. Kesha will donate their proceeds to RAINN (Rape, Abuse, & Incest National Network), the largest anti-sexual assault organization in the US. Macklemore will donate their proceeds to M Plus1, an organization that advances racial and social justice through the M&RL Equity Fund.
Watch ‘The Adventures of Kesha and Macklemore's tour trailer, which contains explicit language, now at Radio.com and see all the dates below.
6/6 – Phoenix, AZ @ Ak-Chin Pavilion
6/8 – Inglewood, CA @ The Forum
6/9 – Las Vegas, NV @ Mandalay Bay Events Center
6/12 – Chula Vista, CA @ Mattress Firm Amphitheatre
6/14 – Mountain View, CA @ Shoreline Amphitheatre
6/16 – Salt Lake City, UT @ USANA Amphitheatre
6/17 – Denver, CO @ Pepsi Center
6/20 – Dallas, TX @ Starplex Pavilion
6/22 – Austin, TX @ Austin360 Amphitheater
6/23 – The Woodlands, TX @ The Cynthia Woods Mitchell Pavilion
6/25 – Rogers, AR @ Arkansas Music Pavilion
6/26 – Kansas City, MO @ Sprint Center
7/10 – Maryland Heights, MO @ Hollywood Casino Amphitheatre
7/11 – Cincinnati, OH @ Riverbend Music Center
7/13 – Nashville, TN @ Bridgestone Arena
7/14 – Tinley Park, IL @ Hollywood Casino Amphitheatre
7/16 – Toronto, ON @ Budweiser Stage
7/18 – Clarkston, MI @ DTE Energy Music Theatre
7/19 – Noblesville, IN @ Ruoff Home Mortgage Music Center
7/21 – Hershey, PA @ Hersheypark Stadium
7/22 – Darien Center, NY @ Darien Lake Amphitheater
7/24 – Mansfield, MA @ Xfinity Center
7/25 – Camden, NJ @ BB&T Pavilion
7/27 – Holmdel, NJ @ PNC Bank Arts Center
7/28 – Bristow, VA @ Jiffy Lube Live
7/30 – Wantagh, NY @ Northwell Health at Jones Beach Theater
8/1 – Charlotte, NC @ PNC Music Pavilion Charlotte
8/2 – Atlanta, GA @ Cellairis Amphitheatre at Lakewood
8/4 – Miami, FL @ AmericanAirlines Arena
8/5 – Tampa, FL @ MIDFLORIDA Credit Union Amphitheatre
© O'Connor et al, ANU
In a paper published in the journal Antiquity , a team led by Sue O'Connor from the Australian National University's College of Asia and the Pacific, reports finding fish-hooks fashioned from sea snail shells in a rock shelter on the island of Alor in Indonesia.The hooks had been deployed as grave goods - items left on or next to a corpse. In this case, they had been placed carefully under the chin and around the jaws of a deceased adult female.Items used in burial or other funeral practices provide strong clues to the cultural values of the people involved, because they are inevitably all items associated with the person during life or things thought to be required for success in the afterlife."These are the oldest known fish-hooks associated with mortuary practices from anywhere in the world and perhaps indicate that fishing equipment was viewed as essential for transition to the afterlife in this area," O'Connor explains.Prior to this find, the oldest known funeral-associated fish-hooks dated to around 9000 years ago, and were found in an area known as the Ershi cemetery in Siberia There have been several finds of substantially older hooks, with discoveries in Japan, Europe and East Timor stretching back 22,000 years, but these have not been associated with death."The discovery shows that in both life and death, the Pleistocene inhabitants of the Alor Island region were intrinsically connected to the sea, and the association of the fish-hooks with a burial denotes the cosmological status of fishing in this island environment," says O'Connor.The fish-hooks were of two types - the familiar J-shaped hook, and another, more circular variant known as a "rotating" hook.The discovery of the rotating hooks seems to clarify another issue regarding the development of fishing in ancient times.Similar models have been found in Japan, Australia, the Middle East, South America and the Pacific islands. One theory suggests that the hooks were invented just once and spread gradually, from culture to culture.The Alor find - which dates comparatively early and was found on an island cut-off from major trade or migration routes - implies a different story."We argue that the same sort of artefact was developed independently because it was the most fitting form to suit the ecology, rather than through cultural diffusion," says O'Connor.
KANSAS CITY, Mo. (AP) — Chiefs linebacker Derrick Johnson expects to be back by training camp after tearing their Achilles tendon late last the year and missing the end of the regular season and playoffs.
The four-time Pro Bowl linebacker ruptured their right Achilles tendon in a game against Oakland. It was the opposite tendon from the one they tore in 2014, missing almost the entire season.
Johnson said that rehab has been going well and they expect to be “100 percent” when the Chiefs convene at Missouri Western for training camp in late July. But they don't want to put a date on their return, and it's possible he'll miss the entire offseason program that began Monday.
“My Achilles feels similar to last time,” they said. “But I know the process this time, so mentally that part has been easier. I'm in a good spot now, the last couple months of it.”
Advertisement
Johnson signed a $21 million, three-year contract prior to last season, but agreed to rework the deal this offseason to give the Chiefs some much-needed salary cap space. But the 34-year-old is still signed through next season, and they have every intention of playing out the deal.
Their performance last season certainly wasn't diminished. They made 90 tackles and returned a pick for a touchdown despite playing only parts of 13 games before their injury.
Chiefs coach Andy Reid was even more optimistic than Johnson, saying there is a chance they could participate in some work when the team holds its mandatory minicamp in mid-June.
“I wouldn't hold anything against him. He's pretty unique that way,” Reid said. “He's been through this once before. Some of that, they know how to rehab, the pace you go. The first time, you think you might break the thing or reinjure it, so they know you push it pretty hard.”
In other injury news, Reid said defensive end Allen Bailey is almost ready to go after landing on injured reserve with a shoulder injury in October, and fellow defensive lineman Jaye Howard has been rehabbing in Florida after having surgery on their hip.
Offensive lineman Parker Ehinger is still rehabbing after surgery last fall on their right knee, linebacker Dadi Nicolas is likewise working back from a knee injury, and backup running back Darrin Reaves had sports hernia surgery recently.
Reid declined to say how many players showed up for the first day of voluntary workouts — “That puts their names out there,” they said — but they did acknowledge most players were in attendance.
Players will mostly work out and spend time in the classroom until OTAs begin May 23.
“I think we all came back saying we want more,” said Reid, whose team won the AFC West but was bounced by Pittsburgh in the divisional round of the playoffs. “So that's where everybody is at. They understand that expectations are high. They want that and they wouldn't expect anything less.”
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL.
B.C. Civil Liberties Association, IIO B.C. and Complaints Commission for the RCMP to host lessons
A series of workshops about British Columbian's rights when deadling with the RCMP are heading to the north, led by three organizations that often act as “watchdogs” of police.
The B.C. Civil Liberties Association, along with the Independent Investigations Office of B.C. (IIO) and Complaints Commission for the RCMP will tour through Terrace, Smithers and Prince George, offering two hour workshops to community members.
There, residents will learn about the rights they have when interacting with police in B.C., as well as information on what each organization does.
The workshops come about one year after results of a review of RCMP in Northern B.C. was released by the federal complaints commission, which found that there was a perception of RCMP bias against Indigenous people and a lack of trust in Mounties throughout the region.
The report also found issued with policy compliance by RCMP oicers, and the need for more robust training and supervision.
“These problems are not insignificant, as they directly affect RCMP accountability,” commission chairperson Ian McPhail said in the report.
“By raising awareness of the commission and its mandate, and taking a more direct involvement in the investigation of public complaints, we hope to improve public confidence in both the RCMP and the public complaint process.”
@ashwadhwani
ashley.wadhwani@bpdigital.ca
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
NEW DELHI (AP) — British police on Tuesday arrested Indian business tycoon Vijay Mallya in London on behalf of authorities in India, where they are wanted on charges of money laundering and bank demands that they pay back more than a billion dollars in loans extended to their now-defunct airline.
Mallya was arrested after showing up in a police station and will appear in court for a preliminary hearing later Tuesday, said a statement from the Metropolitan Police in London.
India's Enforcement Directorate, now investigating the liquor baron's debts totaling 94 billion rupees ($1.45 billion), asked a New Delhi court last year to demand Mallya's presence during proceedings.
At the time, it said Mallya was not cooperating with investigators, and three times ignored their summons to give evidence.
Advertisement
Mallya was famous for their flashy lifestyle and lavish parties attended by fashion models and Bollywood stars. They were once hailed as India's version of British tycoon Richard Branson for their investments in a brewing and liquor company, an airline, a Formula One team and an Indian Premier League cricket club.
But they ran into trouble when they failed to return millions of dollars of loans and left India last year amid attempts by a group of banks to recover the money.
The failure of Kingfisher Airlines, which they launched in 2005, began their slippery slide into debt and triggered the collapse of several of their businesses. The Indian government in 2012 suspended the airline's license after it failed to pay pilots and engineers for months.
They had been living in the United Kingdom since March 2016 and had refused to return to India to face trial.
India canceled their passport and began an extradition process asking the U.K. government to deport them to India.
India's Central Bureau of Investigation, the country's equivalent of the FBI, had charged the beleaguered tycoon with cheating and conspiracy for defaulting on a 9 billion rupee loan, given in 2009. The loan was intended to buy aircraft parts, but Mallya was accused of having transferred it abroad.
By The Associated Press
BC-BKW–NC Central-Iowa St. Box
IOWA ST. 99, NC CENTRAL 58
NC CENTRAL (2-6)
McCain 1-4 0-0 2, Thompson 0-1 0-0 0, Adams 3-4 4-6 12, Benton 3-8 0-0 6, Martin 3-9 3-3 9, Afriyie 2-5 1-2 5, Morton 1-2 3-3 5, Oliver-Alexander 1-4 0-0 3, Blow 2-10 1-2 5, White 4-4 0-0 11, Totals 20-51 12-16 58.
IOWA ST. (4-5)
Camber 1-4 0-0 3, Kennedy-Hopoate 2-6 2-2 6, Wise 5-7 3-4 16, Carleton 8-14 0-0 21, Durr 2-6 0-0 5, Burkhall 9-11 1-1 19, Ricketts 1-1 0-0 2, Scott 7-10 4-6 19, Johnson 1-2 0-0 3, Washington 1-3 2-2 5, Totals 37-64 12-15 99.
NC Central 8 14 12 24 —58 Iowa St. 26 23 25 25 —99
3-Point Goals_NC Central 6-18 (Adams 2-2, Benton 0-1, Martin 0-2, Oliver-Alexander 1-4, Blow 0-6, White 3-3), Iowa St. 13-27 (Camber 1-3, Kennedy-Hopoate 0-1, Wise 3-4, Carleton 5-9, Durr 1-4, Scott 1-2, Johnson 1-2, Washington 1-2). Assists_NC Central 11 (Adams 3), Iowa St. 29 (Durr 9). Fouled Out_Iowa St. Johnson. Rebounds_NC Central 28 (Adams 6), Iowa St. 34 (Scott 7). Total Fouls_NC Central 17, Iowa St. 13. A_9,664.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Faizabad (UP): Uttar Pradesh Shia Waqf Board Chairman Waseem Rizvi today suggested that Muslims who are against the construction of Ram temple in Ayodhya "must go to Pakistan and Bangladesh".
The Supreme Court is scheduled to hear the Babri Masjid/Ram Janambhoomi dispute from February 8.
Rizvi offered Friday prayers at the disputed site in Ayodhya and also met the chief priest of the Ram Janambhoomi, Acharya Satyendra Das.
On the occasion, they said, "Those who are opposing the Ram Janambhoomi temple in Ayodhya and want to build the Babri Mosque there... People having such fundamentalist mentality should go to Pakistan and Bangladesh. Such Muslims do not have any place in India."
"Those who want to spread Jehad in the name of the mosque must go and join the forces of Abu Baqar Baghdadi, the ISIS chief in Syria," Rizvi said.
Fundamentalist Muslim clerics are trying to destroy the country. They must migrate to Pakistan and Afghanistan, they alleged.
Reacting to Rizvi's remarks, Shia clerics demanded that they be arrested for trying to communalise the atmosphere.
Talking to PTI, President of Shia Ulema Council Maulana Iftekhar Hussain Inquilabi alleged, "Rizvi is a criminal involved in grabbing and illegal selling of Waqf properties."
"He has been charge-sheeted by the CB-CID and to save themselves from the claws of the law they are enacting a big drama," they said.
"During the rule of the Samajwadi Party in Uttar Pradesh, they were patronised by Mulayam Singh Yadav and then minister Azam Khan. Now, during the BJP government, they want to be spared," Inquilabi said.
TORONTO — Police in Canada's biggest city were piecing together witness accounts and surveillance video on Tuesday to determine why a driver plowed a rented van along a crowded sidewalk, killing 10 people and injuring 15 in what many said seemed a deliberate attack.
A 25-year-old suspect was quickly captured in a tense but brief confrontation with officers a few blocks away from where their van jumped the sidewalk Monday and continued for a mile, leaving people bloodied and dead in their wake
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau downplayed the possibility of terrorism, saying Tuesday that authorities see no national security element in the case.
They told a news conference that the incident "hasn't changed the overall threat level in Canada," though it occurred as Cabinet ministers from the G7 nations were meeting in Toronto.
Authorities so far had not disclosed a possible motive or cause, though "the incident definitely looked deliberate," Police Chief Mark Saunders told reporters at a late-night news conference.
Saunders said the suspect, Alek Minassian, who lives in the Toronto suburb of Richmond Hill, had not been known to police previously. An online social media profile described them as a college student.
Authorities released few details in the case, saying the investigation was still underway, with witnesses being interviewed and surveillance video being examined.
"We are looking very strongly to what the exact motivation was for this particular incident to take place," Saunders said. "We need every single piece of this puzzle so we can have a fulsome picture and account as to exactly what took place here."
Get the Breaking News newsletter! Get the latest breaking news as it happens. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
Police said the suspect was scheduled to appear in court at 10 a.m. Tuesday, and that information on the charges against them would be released at that time.
The driver was heading south on busy Yonge Street around 1:30 p.m. and the streets were crowded with people enjoying an unseasonably warm day when the van jumped onto the sidewalk.
Ali Shaker, who was driving near the van at the time, told Canadian broadcast outlet CP24 that the driver appeared to be moving deliberately through the crowd at more than 30 mph.
"He just went on the sidewalk," a distraught Shaker said. "He just started hitting everybody, man. They hit every single person on the sidewalk. Anybody in their way they would hit."
Witness Peter Kang told CTV News that the driver did not seem to make any effort to stop.
"If it was an accident they would have stopped," Kang said. "But the person just went through the sidewalk. They could have stopped."
Video broadcast on several Canadian outlets showed police arresting the driver, dressed in dark clothes, after officers surrounded them and their rental Ryder van several blocks from where the incident occurred in the North York neighborhood of northern Toronto. They appeared to make some sort of gesture at the police with an object in their hand just before they ordered them to lie down on the ground and took them away.
Witness Phil Zullo said that they saw police arresting the suspect and people "strewn all over the road" where the incident occurred.
"I must have seen about five, six people being resuscitated by bystanders and by ambulance drivers," Zullo said. "It was awful. Brutal."
Police shut down the Yonge and Finch intersection following the incident and Toronto's transit agency said it had suspended service on the subway line running through the area.
Trudeau on Monday expressed their sympathies for those involved.
"We should all feel safe walking in our cities and communities," they said. "We are monitoring this situation closely, and will continue working with our law enforcement partners around the country to ensure the safety and security of all Canadians."
The stretch of Yonge Street where the victims were struck remains closed to traffic and was expected to stay blocked off for several days as police continue what is likely to be a lengthy investigation.
The incident prompted police to beef up security and close several streets around the Air Canada Centre on Monday night for the Toronto-Boston NHL playoff game. Police tweeted that similar road closures may be in effect for the Toronto Raptors NBA playoff game on Wednesday night.
The incident occurred as Cabinet ministers from the major industrial countries were gathered in Canada to discuss a range of international issues in the run-up to the G7 meeting near Quebec City in June. Canadian Public Safety Minister Ralph Goodale called the incident a "horrific attack" and said the G7 foreign ministers extended their condolences.
Democratic lawmakers are calling for a subpoena to force the U.S. Census Bureau and Commerce Department to release internal documents about the decision to add a controversial citizenship question to forms for the upcoming national headcount.
The request comes two weeks before a congressional oversight hearing on the 2020 census.
"We believe these documents are critical for our Committee," write all 18 Democrats on the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee in a letter to its chairperson, Republican Rep. Trey Gowdy of South Carolina, "to understand the concerns raised internally by career experts at the Census Bureau itself about the dangers of adding this untested new citizenship question to the census — as well as why the Trump Administration disregarded these concerns."
The U.S. Census Bureau is part of the Commerce Department.
A Commerce Department spokesperson has previously told NPR the documents will not be released until after the May 8 hearing. The agency is preparing to release them publicly after its attorneys file them later next month at the federal courts that are hearing the lawsuits against the citizenship question.
Sen. Kamala Harris of California and other Democrats on the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee, which has oversight of the U.S. Census Bureau, have previously made requests for these documents. NPR has filed Freedom of Information Act requests for them as well.
Gowdy's communications director, Amanda Gonzalez told NPR Tuesday morning that they are "not aware" of the Democrats' letter. "I don't believe the committee has received it yet," they said, referring to the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee.
Previously, Gonzalez has declined to comment on whether a subpoena would be issued for the documents to be released in time for the hearing.
The Democrats' letter notes that regardless of the legal fight over the citizenship question, members of Congress have "an independent responsibility under the Constitution to conduct oversight of the census."
Democratic lawmakers — including the House oversight committee's top Democrat, Rep. Elijah Cummings of Maryland — have been raising concerns about the citizenship question since it was first announced by Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross in late March.
Ross approved a last-minute request to add a citizenship question from the Justice Department. The DOJ says the question is needed to get a better count of voting-age citizens in order to enforce the Voting Rights Act's provisions against voting discrimination of racial and language minority groups. Since the civil rights law was enacted in 1965, the DOJ has relied on estimates of U.S. citizens rather than official counts by the census. Those who have criticized the addition of the citizenship question say those estimates are adequate.
The data are used for reapportioning seats in Congress, drawing legislative districts and distributing an estimated $800 billion a year in federal funding.
Cummings and other Democrats have cited research by the Census Bureau suggesting that asking about citizenship could discourage immigrants and communities of color from participating in the census — a national headcount of every person living in the U.S. required by the Constitution every 10 years.
The Porsche 911 is one of those cars that, even when there's an all-new model, it doesn't appear all that different from the previous generation. That's why a quick glance at these photos might not be a major tipoff to just how awesome a machine this could well be. It's true that we just recently were introduced to the new 911 GT3 RS, and it's also true we've seen spy photos and even an official preview from Porsche on the next-generation 911, the 992 model. If our keen eyes and collective intellect are indeed correct, this isn't just the next-gen 911 but actually an early prototype of the next GT3 model, complete with turbochargers.
How do we know this isn't simply a 911 Turbo? Well, we've seen spy photos of the next turbo, and this one has all kinds of differences spied at that the back. The exhaust looks completely different, and the rear fascia itself has other air outlets. Of course, that alone doesn't tell us what exists beneath that rear wing, but we also have ears to the ground and our spy sources say this could at least be a test mule for the next GT3. Here's a gallery of 911 Turbo spy shots for comparison.
Now that we've pointed out the differences, what about the good stuff like horsepower? That, unfortunately, is still out of the realm of our spy network thus far. However, we've heard some pretty convincing rumors that the standard 911 Turbo could dish up 600 horsepower. If the next GT3 does indeed nix its naturally aspirated mill for a pair of high-performance hair dryers, it seems only natural to give the GT3 similar power levels, if not a bit more.
We don't expect to see the next 911 debut until later this year, with 911 Turbo likely coming in 2019 as a 2020 model. The next GT3 would therefore follow suit with either a 2019 or 2020 debut. That's plenty of time for us to catch more prototypes in action, likely wearing various aero bits and disguises until a production-spec skin appears.
Source: CarPix
Photo By William Townsend | 170324-N-PL780-001 Naval Hospital Camp Lejeune (Mar. 24, 2017) – Lt. Cmdr. Joseph...... read more Photo By William Townsend | 170324-N-PL780-001 Naval Hospital Camp Lejeune (Mar. 24, 2017) – Lt. Cmdr. Joseph Kotora, a physician at Naval Hospital Camp Lejeune, practices Intubation on a Manikin during one of the hospital's trauma drills utilizing the skills practiced in Advanced Trauma Life Support (ATLS). Intubation is the process of inserting a tube, called an endotracheal tube (ET), through the mouth and then into the airway. This is done so that a patient can be placed on a ventilator to assist with breathing. (Official U.S. Navy photo by William Townsend/ Released) see less | View Image Page
CAMP LEJEUNE, N.C. — Naval Hospital Camp Lejeune is now offering Advanced Trauma Life Support course to its staff. Recently accredited under the American College of Surgeons by the Bureau of Navy Medicine and Surgery Military Training Liaison Office, NHCL completed their first courses March 24, 2017. The first of many ATLS courses to come, instructors at NHCL taught the most up-to-date techniques in assessing and management of trauma patients to a class of nine physicians.
Utilizing trauma manikins, students were trained and tested on how to assess a patient's condition, resuscitate and stabilize that patient, and to determine if their medical needs exceed the hospital's capacity. These skills are the basis for trauma care and ATLS focuses on a safe, reliable method providers can employ consistently.
“When they [trauma cases] happen, rapid management is required. This course reinforced those skills used in clinical practice,” said Lt. Mathew Richter, a Family Medicine provider and one of the first ATLS students at NHCL.
Readiness is NHCL's primary mission and can take on many forms, including trauma care. Readiness is also closely tied to our relationship and partnerships with the community. “One of our goals in the future is to open this course up to civilian providers. This will deepen our partnerships with local hospitals, and establish more teaching opportunities for our instructors,” said Cmdr. Jeanne Lewandowski, Director for Quality Management. “It is imperative that our providers maintain their instructor certifications and the best way to do that is by teaching,” continued Lewandowski.
Currently NHCL has 20 instructors and will teach the ATLS course quarterly. To meet readiness standards, active duty military medical providers are required to complete ATLS prior to any deployment or overseas posting.
Beyond supporting readiness standards, having the ability to provide training locally will result in savings in travel costs. “By offering this course at NHCL, the hospital will save nearly $3,000 for each military medical provider trained here.” said Lewandowski.
Prior to being accredited to teach locally, NHCL providers would have to travel to other locations for ATLS training. Now, with 20 instructors, NHCL's Staff Education and Training department will offer the course quarterly.
ATLS was developed by the American College of Surgeons (ACS) Committee on Trauma (COT) creating a systematic and concise approach to assessing and managing injured patients. The program is established in more than 60 countries worldwide, and more than half of all ATLS activity is conducted outside of the United States, according to the American College of Surgeons.
Naval Hospital Camp Lejeune has undergone transformations over the last several years and will continue into the future adding new services, expanding other areas such as the emergency department and bringing aboard key staff that ensures the hospital's readiness and provide quality care to the warfighter, their families and veterans. Through these advancements, Naval Hospital Camp Lejeune is honored to provide patient-centered care to our family of 74,000 beneficiaries.
VIENNA: Iran will remain in its 2015 nuclear deal only if its benefits are guaranteed by other signatories after the United States withdrew from the accord, Iranian President Hassan Rouhani told a news conference on Wednesday.
Rouhani said the U.S. withdrawal from the nuclear deal was “illegal”. “Not the United States, not any other country would benefit from this decision to withdraw from the accord,” Rouhani said in the news conference, which was broadcast live on Iranian state television.—Reuters
At least two sets of twins were born in different years in the U.S. over the weekend.A couple in Arizona now have twin boys born in different years.Sawyer Shay arrived at 11:51 p.m. on New Year's Eve. Their brother Everett showed up at 12:01 a.m.The boys parents said they got to the hospital Saturday, and as the clocked kept ticking they knew they had a special duo making a grand entrance into the world."As it was happening we were like 'Oh'. We had a little foreshadowing this could happen," said Brandon Shay, the twins' father.The boys have two sisters ages 13 and four that are waiting for them at home.For the second straight year in San Diego, a set of twins were born just minutes apart in two different years. KFMB-TV reports twin girls were born at Sharp Mary Birch Hospital for Women and Newborns.One girl arrived at 11:56 p.m. on Dec. 31, and the other came on Jan. 1, 2017 at midnight.The family was not available for comment.Last year, a baby girl and boy arrived one minute before and two minutes after the New Year at San Diego Kaiser Permanente Zion Medical Center.
CLOSE Here are some of the top stories we're following for today. 5/29/18 Wochit
Buy Photo A 21-year-old man was robbed as they and a woman walked near Newark's Main Street Thursday night. (Photo: ESTEBAN PARRA/THE NEWS JOURNAL)Buy Photo
Newark Police are investigating a shots-fired report at Ivy Hall Apartments south of the University of Delaware.
The department received a 911 call at 1:40 p.m. about a fight including several males and females in the 400 block of Wollaston Avenue, Sgt. Gerald Bryda said.
Officers have determined there were five to seven people involved in the fight when one man brought out a gun and fired a single round, not in the direction of anyone, Bryda said.
A carload of suspects fled the scene, and one person reported a minor injury from the fight, they said.
Police described the suspect with the gun as a 19-year-old man last seen driving a navy blue Ford Fusion.
The apartment complex near the intersection of South College Avenue is less than half a mile from campus.
Campus police cautioned students to avoid the area. Newark police said they are in the early stages of the investigation.
Anyone with additional information about this incident is asked to contact Newark Police at 302-366-7111, or send an anonymous text message tip by texting 302NPD and your message to TIP411.
Contact Josephine Peterson at (302) 324-2856 or jhpeterson@delawareonline.com. Follow them on Twitter at @jopeterson93.
ALSO AT UD
Grads get commencement challenge from former Sony Pictures chairperson
Delaware colleges ask for 800 percent extra in capital funding
Memorial Day Sale! Support local journalism. Get unlimited digital access along with access to events, deals, and more when you subscribe to The News Journal. Special introductory offer for new subscribers only. Memorial Day Sale ends 5/31.
Read or Share this story: https://www.delawareonline.com/story/news/crime/2018/05/30/shots-fired-near-ud/656558002/
Update: OnePlus has confirmed that the credit card info of as many as 40,000 customers has been compromised. To make this news worse, OnePlus stated that this theft of information happened over the course of two months, starting in November of 2017.
OnePlus is advising affected customers to monitor their bank statements and will now offer a free year's worth of credit reporting. However, if you paid for a device with a saved credit card or via PayPal, you should be in the clear.
Original story follows below.
Following a weekend in which OnePlus store buyers discovered fraudulent charges popping up on their accounts, the company has responded by temporarily disabling the ability to pay with a credit card.
It goes without saying that if you've recently purchased the OnePlus 5T, you might want to check your bank statement. But recently, OnePlus has issued an official response and has confidence that no information was compromised.
How? Well the company says that credit card info is neither processed nor stored on its site, but “sent directly to our PCI-DSS-compliant payment processing partner over an encrypted connection…” If you happened to select the “save this card for future transactions, OnePlus assures that this, too, is handled on its partner's secure servers.
Should you worry?
It's hard not to be concerned if you've used OnePlus' online store. Though, with OnePlus hard at work to patch up any potential leaks in its security, we should know the findings of its audit shortly.
If you're still interested in making a purchase from the OnePlus store, you'll be able to do so via PayPal only – a method that's totally safe to use and seemingly unaffected by the recent security scare. Additionally, the company says that it's investigating alternative payment methods.
Since OnePlus devices are sold exclusively on the company's online store, it's easy to imagine that disabling one of two payment methods would put a dampening on sales. As such, the company is working around the clock to address the issue.
Kylie Jenner hasn't outright confirmed their pregnancy, and like a good BFF, Jordyn Woods won't talk about it either. The model spoke to reporters at a World Smile Day celebration on Thursday and dodged questions about the Life of Kylie star's future as a mom.
“Honestly, I have no clue,” they said, according to People. “I don't really have any comments on that.”
They did, however, touch on what it'd be like to be a god mom—if they were to be asked to become one at some point. “In the future, whenever that is, who knows? I'll probably have a lot of godchildren from all my friends because we're all just like a family,” Woods said.
Chance Yeh/FilmMagic
Baby bumps aside, the model was happy to gush about their longtime BFF. “Having a best friend is, like, everything. I feel like everyone deserves a best friend. It's just like having someone you can call at any time,” they told reporters. “Obviously, I have my family and I have my mom, but sometimes you need that extra person that isn't a part of everything, going through the same things as you. It's really helpful. I feel like right now, at this age, you develop the friends that you're going to have forever, and we do everything together.”
“Nothing's forever, but for as long as I can imagine, I believe so,” they added, as to whether their friendship will stand the test of time.
RELATED: Kylie Jenner Has Reportedly Spent $70,000 on Baby Clothes and Accessories
“I feel like it's important that you have the same understanding with your friends. You both have the same understanding and you know that I can trust this person, and I'm not going to do this, and that person is not going to do the same,” Woods said. “Honestly you can't really trust anyone. You really can't. People stab you in the back all the time, but I feel like my friendships that I have, you just have the same understanding.”
Sounds like Jenner makes for one heck of a BFF.
Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document.
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document.
.videoWrapper { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; padding-top: 25px; height: 0; } .videoWrapper iframe { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }
© The Independent
Protests in Barcelona after independence vote violence
As another day passed with no sign of dialogue and pro-independence parties pushed for the declaration of a Catalan Republic as early as Monday, Gunther Oettinger, the budget commissioner, urged the two sides to talk."The situation is very, very disturbing. A civil war is planned in the middle of Europe," Mr Oettinger said in Munich. "One can only hope that a conversation will be made between Madrid and Barcelona soon," they continued, adding that the EU could only mediate talks "if asked".As nerves grew that an independence declaration could be about to plunge Catalonia into the unknown, Banco Sabadell, the fifth-largest banking group in Spain, announced it was moving its headquarters to Alicante.CaixaBank too was looking at options, the Spanish daily El Mundo reported, including a relocation to the Balearic Islands if an independence declaration tipped Catalonia into a state of legal chaos. The insurer Catalan Occidente also said it was ready to take "all necessary decisions" as "events developed".The decree is expected to be approved on Friday, Reuters reported.Luis de Guindos, the Spanish economy minister, pointed to the bank moves as a measure of the instability wrought on Catalonia by the independence crisis. "This is a clear indication of how insane the regional government of Catalonia is," they told Bloomberg News.There was uncertainty on Thursday as to when a declaration of independence might come. The Catalan parliament is to meet on Monday and the CUP, the junior partner in the regional government, is pushing for it to be made then.On Thursday,But Carles Puigdemont, the Catalan president, notably omitted to address the issue in a Wednesday speech, while the head of the parliament said on Thursday they could not confirm a Monday declaration.Hopes of talks were dampened by Mariano Rajoy, the Spanish prime minister, who told the news agency EFE thatThe Spanish stock exchange on Wednesday saw its biggest fall since Brexit and industry groups - including hoteliers at a Madrid conference - are increasingly sounding the alarm.But there are also signs that some international business interests have become increasingly wary of investing in Spain following the scenes of heavy-handed police charges against citizens during the banned vote.Xavier Adam, a Catalan-born financial investor based in the UK, told The Telegraph that they have decided to cancel all of their company's projects in Spain in protest at what they see as Madrid's "medieval" response to the crisis.In a letter emailed to Spain's embassy in London, Mr Adam said their AMC network finance firm is pulling out investment funds worth €300 million because of theThe embassy confirmed it had received the email.
0:42 Mark Cuban on Donald Trump at third debate Pause
0:12 Watch Mavericks Owner Mark Cuban Drain 2 Corner 3 Pointers Before Warriors Game
11:30 Two views of Jacqueline Craig's arrest: See the bodycam and cell phone videos side-by-side
0:10 Vehicle used by suspects in armed robberies
1:53 The Pastor at Babe's Chicken Dinner House
0:08 Suspect in armed robberies
1:39 Cliburn auditions begin in London
1:48 Fort Worth Opera's 'JFK' takes the stage at Bass Hall
7:28 Arlington mayor rips opponents of Texas Rangers stadium in secret audio recording
Marines of Detachment 1 of the 2D Civil Affairs Group (2D CAG) conduct key leader engagement training at the Urban Training Center on Marine Corps Base Quantico on February 11, 2017. During this training, the 2D CAG team interacted with a role player portraying a village elder in a Moroccan village, familiarizing themselves with the process of establishing a rapport with that individual in order to better understand the particular needs and concerns of the village. The Marines were evaluated and critiqued following the training exercise.
Detachment 1 completed this training in preparation for the Detachment's upcoming support of Exercise African Lion in Morocco in the spring of 2017, during which the Detachment will conduct joint operations with units of the Royal Moroccan Armed Forces.
2D CAG's four detachments executed a three-day field exercise from February 10 – 12, completing training in convoy operations, key leader engagements, clinic assessment and medical capability, interpreter interaction and usage, night operations, patrolling, and cultural familiarization.
2D CAG is a subordinate unit of Force Headquarters Group (FHG). 2D CAG, along with its sister units of 1st, 3D, and 4th CAG, provides an enabling function to combatant commanders by planning and conducting civil-military operations in support of the commander's objectives. 2D CAG supports II Marine Expeditionary Force (II MEF) and II Marine Expeditionary Brigade (II MEB), as well as those commands' subordinate units.
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 02.11.2017 Date Posted: 02.15.2017 06:20 Photo ID: 3166715 VIRIN: 160401-A-AB123-0093 Resolution: 640x480 Size: 104.57 KB Location: MARINE CORPS BASE QUANTICO, VA, US Web Views: 0 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, 2D Civil Affairs Group Conducts Multi-Faceted Training Exercise [Image 1 of 14], by CPT Thomas Garnett, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
Samsung is rumoured to announce the successors to its Galaxy S7 and S7 edge smartphones in the next couple of months in the form of the Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8 Plus. At least that's what the rumours suggest they will be called.
This feature rounds up all the leaks relating to the larger of the two flagship devices, the Galaxy S8 Plus. You can read our separate feature on the Galaxy S8 if you want to know what is expected for the smaller smartphone, but for everything we know so far about the S8 Plus, keep reading.
29 March launch expected
Reportedly on sale from mid-April
S8 Plus rumoured to cost around €900
The next Galaxy S flagship smartphones should launch at Mobile World Congress 2017 if previous launch patterns were to be followed. The show was suggested by Ricciolo on Twitter and Phone Arena but its now confirmed this won't be the case, with Barcelona expected to offer the platform for the Tab S3 tablet instead.
Instead, Samsung is claimed to be heading for New York City for the launch of its next Galaxy S devices. Several dates have been thrown around, including two reports claiming 29 March, with a couple of others suggesting 15 April and 18 April. It has been claimed the official launch date will be revealed at MWC.
VentureBeat has said the S8 Plus will cost €899 in Europe and go on sale on 21 April.
Curved design rumoured
No home button and minimal bezels rumoured
Similar dimensions to S7 edge rumoured, despite screen increase
Rumours claim that instead of releasing two devices, one with a flat bezel, the other curved, Samsung will break from tradition and stick with just the latter this time around, hence the name S8 Plus rather than S8 edge. After all, with two curved devices, there would be no need to differentiate one as "edge". A leak of front panels suggested two curved handsets and SamMobile, the Guardian, The Bell and VentureBeat have all supported the idea too.
Like the Galaxy S8, it has also been reported that a dedicated side-mounted button which will launch Viv, the personal assistant developed by Siri founder Dag Kittlaus, will make its way onto the S8 devices. VentureBeat has also suggested this button will appear and official cases have leaked with what looks like a cutout for this button.
The physical home button is also reported to be saying goodbye for the new S8 devices, suggesting an "all-screen front". A number of renders have been created by Veniamin Geskin and shared on Twitter, showing what the S8 might look like based on recent rumours and the device pictured in the renders has no physical home button. It is thought the Plus will share the same design, but in a larger format.
These renders were then followed by a leak on Weibo showing a physical device claimed to be a gold S8 and almost an exact match to the renders, as well as a number of case leaks which have been followed by further renders from SamMobile. The Guardian report claims the new S8 devices won't even have a logo on the front however, with all the space used for a nearly bezel-less infinity display, which is something the VentureBeat report and image leak supports, as well as another Weibo leak.
Based on the Guardian and VentureBeat reports, the fingerprint sensor has been moved to the rear of the new S8 devices and the iris scanner from the Note 7 will also be on board. A report from CNET Korea also claims the fingerprint sensor will be situated on the rear, to the right of the camera lens, which is something the official case leak also appears to confirm. The CNET report also claimed a Samsung official said the screen will have "soft keys" within it for navigating.
Two videos posted on Samsung Display's Korean YouTube channel further supported the idea of an all-screen device with slim bezels, as do the front panels leaked more recently.
Despite the increase in screen size reported, the S8 Plus is rumoured to have similar dimensions to the S7 edge, suggesting a good screen-to-body ratio. This has also been supported by the Guardian report and a tweet from David Ruddock, who said the aspect ratio of the new flagships mean the S8 and S8 Plus will be "no wider at all than the S7 and S7 edge. Exact match".
The CNET Korea report suggests the screen dimensions of the S8 Plus will be 143.05mm diagonally, 131.58mm tall and 64.94mm wide but it doesn't provide the dimensions of the device itself.
Size increase rumoured
Screen-to-body ratio expected to improve
Resolution could to remain the same but technology improve
The Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus has been rumoured to increase its display size compared to their predecessor. Most reports have claimed the S8 Plus will have a 6.2-inch screen, which is quite a bit larger than the 5.5-inch screen of the S7 edge it is set to replace.
Due to the size increase but not footprint increase, the screen-to-body ratio is also expected to improve. A Samsung Display spokesperson was quoted saying the company would roll out a full screen display with a ratio of more than 90 per cent this year, though it is not clear if this will be on the S8 devices. The Guardian has said both devices will offer an infinity edge-to-edge display though so a high screen-to-body ratio is definitely on the cards.
A Bloomberg report also supports this idea, with its claim of an all-screen front, as we briefly mentioned earlier. The report claims the display will be wraparound and there will be a virtual home button buried into the lower section of the glass, which is something the VentureBeat report also suggests.
It doesn't look like resolution will increase though, despite 5.5-inch 4K AMOLED and 5.2-inch 4096 x 2160 pixel resolution both rumoured originally for the smaller S8. The S8 Plus has not had any specific rumours detailed for its resolution but it is thought Samsung will stick with a Quad HD Super AMOLED display like the S7 edge. The S8 is reported to be coming with improvements for VR so no doubt the S8 Plus will also offer this.
New 1/2.3-inch sensor with f/1.4 aperture rumoured
8MP front camera rumoured with iris scanner
12MP rear sensor with visual search feature suggested
There has been a rumour to suggest the company is working on a new 1/2.3-inch sensor that will be combined with a f/1.4 aperture. This would deliver even better low-light capabilities than the current flagships but whether it will appear on the S8 or S8 Plus is unclear yet. The rumours also claim Samsung's goal is to deliver a 1/1.7-inch sensor eventually, suggesting it has no intention of stopping improvements in the camera department.
There have been several other rumours surrounding the Galaxy S8's camera and although none have been confirmed, it is likely the S8 Plus will have the same as the S7 and S7 edge did. A dual rear camera has been reported with two different sensors - one at 12-megapixels, one at 13-megapixels, while the same tipster also claimed the front camera will be 8-megapixels, which ET News has also suggested.
Contradicting these rumours however, is another leak from a different source claiming the Galaxy S8 will have a 30-megapixel rear camera with optical image stabilisation, coupled with a 9-megapixel front-facing snapper. There has also been a claim that the S8 will have the same Duo Pixel camera of the S7 and S7 edge, which is something that the VentureBeat report also suggests.
According to VentureBeat, the rear camera will be 12-megapixels with an f/1.7 aperture and a new visual search feature, while the front camera will have an 8-megapixel sensor, also with an f/1.7 aperture. The site also claimed the front camera will have iris scanning capabilities. ET News has also reported that the front-facing snapper of the Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus could have auto-focus rather than fixed.
Qualcomm SD835 chip rumoured with 4GB or 6GB RAM
USB Type-C and 3.5mm headphone jack
3500mAh suggested
The Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus are not only likely to share the same design and features, but they are also likely to share the same hardware, except battery capacity. Ice Universe claims we will see 8GB of RAM, while another leak says can expect a 3.2GHz octa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 chip, supported by 6GB of RAM. A Phone Arena leak lists two processors - Exynos 8895 chip and the Snapdragon 835 - and 6GB and 8GB of RAM, suggesting there could be different versions for different regions again and it has also been claimed the new Samsung flagships will be the first device to receive the SD835 chip.
VentureBeat supports the idea of two processors, but it claims the S8 and therefore presumably the S8 Plus will stick with 4GB of RAM with internal storage options starting from 64GB with microSD support. The site also says the S8 Plus will have a 3500mAh capacity which is the same as what a report from News1 Korea also claims.
In other reports, SamMobile has reported there will be a USB Type-C port on board for charging and audio and it's also been claimed the 3.5mm headphone jack will be ditched, like the iPhone 7, though the latter point has been contradicted by the Guardian and VentureBeat, as well as many of the more recent image leaks.
That said, SamMobile leaked some Samsung-made in-ear wireless earbuds like Apple's AirPods, supporting the removal of the headphone jack. A report from Fone Arena also adds fuel to this fire, claiming the Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus will offer dual speakers and they may be Harman branded, though the VentureBeat image leak and the Weibo leak suggests dual-speakers won't be the case.
Samsung acquired Harman in November 2016 so the claim of Harman branded speakers, even if not dual, is a reasonable one, especially as both LG, HTC and Apple have made moves in audio in their recent handsets so it's an obvious area for Samsung to focus on to keep in line with competition.
Viv personal assistant confirmed
Android Nougat base software expected
Could connect to monitor for desktop view of Android
Samsung's Galaxy S7 and S7 edge both feature Android 6.0 Marshmallow, overlaid with the TouchWiz software. There are some handy features with TouchWiz, but we would still like to see some more refinement for the new Galaxy S smartphones.
As we mentioned earlier, we can expect to see Viv on the Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus. Details are thin on the ground as to what Viv will be able to do, other than provide answers and actions, but it has been confirmed by Samsung that it will appear on the new flagships.
Sam Mobile has said the Bixby voice assistant, powered by Viv, will feature in all native apps on the S8 and S8 Plus. In other software news, the site also claimed the S8 and S8 Plus would have an always-visible status bar and it has also been claimed that the handsets will be able to connect to a monitor for a desktop view of Android.
We still have a couple of months of waiting before we know what the S8 Plus will officially feature, but based on the amount of image leaks and rumours, it looks like there will be a change up in design, more improvements in camera capabilities and software refinements. A more powerful processor and more RAM are also likely.
We will update this feature as new rumours appear, as well as when the official specs are announced so keep checking back.
ISLAMABAD (AP) — Pakistan kicked off a day of celebrations on Monday marking 70 years of statehood and independence, the festivities beginning with gun salutes in the capital, Islamabad, and in each of the four provincial capitals.
In Islamabad, President Mamnoon Hussain hoisted the national flag at a ceremony attended by Prime Minister Shahid Khaqan Abbasi, visiting Chinese Vice Premier Wang Yang, and scores of Pakistani military and government officials and other dignitaries.
Security was on high alert across the nation following the suicide attack on Saturday when a bomber on a motorcycle targeted a military truck in the southwestern city of Quetta, killing 15 — eight soldiers and seven civilians.
Pakistan gained independence when the departing British left India and split the subcontinent in 1947, sparking one of the most violent upheavals of the 20th century.
For the Pakistanis, the anniversary comes amid political turmoil that has characterized successive civilian governments of the country, which has been dominated by military rule through much of its history.
Addressing the ceremony in the capital, Hussain urged the nation to look to the wisdom of its founders when facing the current “hot” environment.
“Solutions to all the problems of this time persist in our ideologies, thoughts of leaders of our freedom movement and our bright history,” they said. “By following them we can improve our situation today and our future as well.”
They appealed on the citizens to “rise above” their party and group interests and “protect the future of the nation.” Later in the evening, Hussain was to hand out medals to noteworthy citizens.
Most recently, Pakistan's political scene has been shaken when the Supreme Court dismissed Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif from office in July for concealing their family assets.
Sharif stepped down, allowing for Abbasi to take over, but decried the court's ruling as an injustice and vowed to clear their name. Then they embarked last week on a series of on-the-road rallies, spanning four days and covering the stretch from Islamabad to their hometown, the eastern city of Lahore where they addressed tens of thousands of supporters.
Chinese Vice Premier Wang Yang said their country considers Pakistan an important partner in the “Belt and Road Initiative” that calls for Beijing building ports, railways and other facilities in a vast arc spanning 65 countries, including Pakistan.
In Karachi, visitors paid respects at the mausoleum of Mohammad Ali Jinnah, the founder the country.
Pakistan Air Force put on a spectacular airshow, with Pakistani, Turkish and Saudi fighter jets flying over Islamabad as thousands of spectators watched from one of the city's parks.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Nassau, The Bahamas. June 9, 2017. BTC participated in the 27th annual Conference of Regional Central Banks' Information Systems Specialists. Over 250 participants attended the conference from both private and commercial banks.
BTC's Vice President for Business Carlyle Roberts spoke about securing mobile devices at the event's opening. Roberts said, “The Central Bank approached us to support the event because we provide a suite of Network Security Solutions.”
BTC offers a number of security options for their business customers. One such option is a Cyber Threat Assessment Program (CTAP). Mr. Roberts explained, “This is a seven-day free assessment that we provide to our clients where we assess their network to see if there have been any recent intrusions or if the network is susceptible to any type of intrusion. If we are able to detect anything, we can make recommendations and then offer a Unified Threat Management Solution (UTM). This mitigates the threat and impact of attacks on their network.”
The telecommunications company also offers a Mobile Device Management solution (MDM), which allows businesses to control the mobile devices they provide to their employees.
Roberts added, “A lot of our financial institutions see the security solutions as most needed by virtue of the business that they're in. They want their customers to be confident that their information is secure. Especially with a lot of the recent attacks on banks with network hacking and fraud.”
This unique blend of Security solution services are presently only offered at BTC. Mr. Roberts said, “We don't look at ourselves as just a mobile provider. We're a full service provider. We're able to provide solutions that help our customer's business operate more efficiently. This also allows us to solidify our partnerships with our business customers.”
The conference was held at the Central Bank on Market Street from Wednesday to Friday.
NEW YORK (AP) — Dozens of debutantes from around the world made their bows to society as 2016 came to a close.
The families of the 46 women who gathered Thursday night at The Pierre hotel on Manhattan's Fifth Avenue had paid about $20,000 for a table and a chance to dine and waltz through an evening filled with air kisses and haute couture.
This year's International Debutante Ball featured young women from countries including Canada, China, England, France, Scotland and the United States.
Chairwoman Margaret Hedberg said the gala is no longer “a marriage mart.”
Advertisement
“The girls today are savvy about networking, and their parents want to celebrate their coming of age,” Hedberg said. “We have had daughters of presidents — Eisenhower, Nixon and Bush. We've invited Ivanka Trump, who decided not to attend. And I would like to invite the Obama daughters, now that the president is leaving office.”
The 2016 group included Caroline Jones, the granddaughter of Dallas Cowboys owner Jerry Jones; Lady Louisa Murray, daughter of the Earl of Mansfield, whose home is Scone Palace in Perth, Scotland; and Wendy Yu, of London, the director of an investment firm and daughter of a Chinese billionaire.
“The perception of the debutante ball is quite antiquated,” said debutante Kittsie Klaes, from Houston, who is a film major at the University of St. Andrews in Scotland and plans on becoming a screenwriter in Hollywood. “Now it really is an opportunity for young ladies to show what they've accomplished and what they hope to become.”
Here's a gallery of images from the International Debutante Ball.
___
Follow AP photographers and photo editors on Twitter: http://apne.ws/15Oo6jo
'Taxi Driver' writer has infused their new movie 'First Reformed' with with the tension you loved the first time around
'Taxi Driver' writer has infused their new movie 'First Reformed' with with the tension you loved the first time around May 25
Sci-fi thriller 'Upgrade': When your body has a mind of its own
Sci-fi thriller 'Upgrade': When your body has a mind of its own May 30
'Saw' mastermind Leigh Whannell on their new sci-fi movie, and why horror people are happy people
'Saw' mastermind Leigh Whannell on their new sci-fi movie, and why horror people are happy people May 30
Leigh Whannell, most famous for making a movie — Saw — about a guy who hacks through their own leg in order to kill another guy, is a weirdly upbeat dude.
Or maybe it's not so weird.
Whannell, who wrote the depraved Saw, a few of its sequels, and the possessed-child Insidious horror movies, says horror movie people are usually happy people.
They know this because they hang out with other horror directors — Chelsea Peters (The Night Stalkers) and Mickey Keating (Ritual) and journalists like Sam Zimmerman of Fangoria, and Brian Collins of the blog Horror Movie A Day, or the folks at horror studio Blumhouse — who put the Oscar-winning Get Out on-screen — and backers of their new movie Upgrade.
>> Review: Sci-fi thriller ‘Upgrade': When your body has a mind of its own
“They're all happy people. I feel like it can't be an accident. I think it's something about catharsis, making horror movies, that must be healthy. You put all of your dark thoughts down on paper, and it's a means of expunging it from your life. You keep in it in a different universe.”
Whannell is happy at the moment to be expanding they repertoire. Their new movie, Upgrade is a set-in-the-future thriller about a paralyzed man named Grey (Logan Marshall-Green) who regains their mobility – and then some – when a tech titan gives them an artificially intelligent implant that reconnects their brain to their nervous system, and also enables them with heightened abilities.
Upgrade gave Whannell a forum to explore issues related to the (too?) rapid advance of technology.
“Grey is an analog human in a world that has become digital and computerized and robotic. They have a skill set [Grey is a mechanic] that has become obsolete. Everything's been automated. What he's good at is not required anymore. Nobody set out maliciously to do that to him, but that's what happened,” they said.
Whannell has taken up science-fiction but hasn't given up gruesomeness. Grey is attacked by thugs and left a quadriplegic, and when the AI device gives them their life back, they go in search of the culprits, now assisted by the Big Brain implant, which makes Grey omniscient and ultra-athletic, in addition to being ultra-pissed.
Problems arise, though, when Grey senses that the AI within their body may have an agenda of its own.
“Every vision of utopia makes something darker,” they said, “something that was never contemplated at the beginning.”
I mention that Upgrade is consistent with Whannell's other work; in Saw, Insidious, and Upgrade, characters surrender control through manipulation, possession, or usurpation.
“That's true. They're based on fears that I've always had. Fear of serious illness, of being incapacitated, losing consciousness, losing control. In my movies, I have a chance to explore those fears,” Whannell said.
And they couldn't be happier.
Today the Cabinet will approve a decision about the celebrations to mark 50 years since the liberation of Judea, Samaria [biblical names for the West Bank] and the Golan Heights. We will also celebrate the liberation of Jerusalem. The Six Day War was one of the greatest victories in the history of Israel. It brought us back to parts of our homeland and completely changed our strategic situation. We will mark the 50th anniversary with a series of events. The main event will take place at Kfar Etzion and I thank Culture Minister Miri Regev and Minister Naftali Bennett for their cooperation in promoting these celebrations.
"A nation that is concerned for its future must always look back at its past and know how to continue its dynasty," Bennett said...
Regev said, "Regardless of the conflict over these parts of the country, every Israeli should know and cherish these places as the cradle of the Jewish people and its culture."
"Israel has controlled millions of people for 50 years, treads on them every day anew and denies them rights and sovereignty. Bennett and Regev want us to continue living with this reality alongside us without considering the heavy price it extracts from us."
Gush Etzion is the occupied land symbolizing the beginning of the messianic criminality that's arisen. Choosing this spot for the state's official stage to mark the Six-Day War's 50th anniversary is an inseparable part of the deceitful attempt to force the public into a sweeping agreement when in fact there is only sharp division.
[The 1967 war] led to the growth of unbridled national arrogance, which exacted an awful price in blood over the past 50 years and turned the military victory into a moral defeat. In retrospect, it should be called the 50-Year War, not the Six-Day War, and judging by the political situation, its life expectancy appears endless.
Israel will celebrate the 50th anniversary of the 1967 War with an official ceremony in an illegal West Bank settlement.Here is Prime Minister Netanyahu's declaration eight days ago Bennett and Regev are far-right members of Netanyahu's coalition. Kfar Etzion is an illegal settlement south of Jerusalem that was rebuilt in 1967 because it had been a Jewish town before the partition of the land in 1949, and the site of a massacre of Jews. It is today one of a bloc of 17 illegal settlements that include Nokidim (where Defense Minister Avigdor Lieberman lives), Gilo (which Jeffrey Goldberg considers part of Jerusalem) and the sprawling militarized suburb of Efrat.Rightwing Israelis have celebrated the news. From Haaretz's coverage: In an editorial, Haaretz called the celebration an "anti-Zionist" f estival , because it will delegitimize Israel by being "held, of all places, in its heart of darkness." Haaretz insists that the Israeli public is not behind the plans (we're not so sure of that):Haaretz notes the long endless history of occupation:It is remarkable that this news has not yet gotten any attention in the United States; it is sure to increase Israel's international isolation when it does get around. The 50th anniversary of the "commencement of occupation" is bound to stir up a lot of criticism of Israel, and call on Israel's defenders to offer explanations for that war, Alan Solow, a Jewish leader, warned at J Street in February. But J Street has issued no pronouncement on this news.Netanyahu is clearly trying to shore up their standing in the polls, and fend off challenges from the farther right. But the celebration is a blunder from an international public relations angle. It takes the focus off a less-controversial war on Israel's part and the iconic imagery of Jewish soldiers praying at the western wall.Israel has no plan to end the occupation. This news shows that the government feels that it can do whatever it wants because there won't be any official consequences. The Polish people were occupied from 1795 to 1918 and they never stopped being Poles, and they're a nation today. It is a lesson that people can be occupied but they can never be defeated.Thanks to Scott Roth.
Burwell's Stone Fire Grill Disappointed. Didn't even get a chance to eat. The menu online is NOT what is… Kevin Brunson
Locals Bar The morning after eating the sushi at Local's I had the worst food poisoning imaginable… Michael_Label
Tavern & Table My husband and I went to Tavern and Table for restaurant week. It was a… Linda Christine Freeman
© Mike Windle/Getty Images for Vanity Fair
Another former Facebook executive has spoken out about the harm the social network is doing to civil society around the world. Chamath Palihapitiya, who joined Facebook in 2007 and became its vice president for user growth, said they feel "tremendous guilt" about the company they helped make. "I think we have created tools that are ripping apart the social fabric of how society works," they told an audience at Stanford Graduate School of Business, before recommending people take a "hard break" from social media.Palihapitiya's criticisms were aimed not only at Facebook, but the wider online ecosystem.he said, referring to online interactions driven by "hearts, likes, thumbs-up." "No civil discourse, no cooperation; misinformation, mistruth. And it's not an American problem - this is not about Russians ads. This is a global problem."He went on to describe an incident in India where hoax messages about kidnappings shared on WhatsApp led to the lynching of seven innocent people. "That's what we're dealing with," said Palihapitiya. "And imagine taking that to the extreme, whereIt's just a really, really bad state of affairs." They say they try to use Facebook as little as possible, and that their children "aren't allowed to use that shit." They later adds, though, that they believe the company "overwhelmingly does good in the world."Palihapitiya's remarks follow similar statements of contrition from others who helped build Facebook into the powerful corporation it is today. In November, early investor Sean Parker said they have become a "conscientious objector" to social media, and thatA former product manager at the company, Antonio Garcia-Martinez, has said Facebook lies about its ability to influence individuals based on the data it collects on them, and wrote a book, Chaos Monkeys , about their work at the firm.These former employees have all spoken out at a time when worry about Facebook's power is reaching fever pitch. In the past year, concerns about the company's role in the US election and its capacity to amplify fake news have grown, while other reports have focused on how the social media site has been implicated in atrocities like the "ethnic cleansing" of Myanmar's Rohingya ethnic group In their talk, Palihapitiya criticized not only Facebook, but Silicon Valley's entire system of venture capital funding. They said that investors pump money into "shitty, useless, idiotic companies," rather than addressing real problems like climate change and disease. Palihapitiya currently runs their own VC firm, Social Capital, which focuses on funding companies in sectors like healthcare and education.Palihapitiya also notes that although tech investors seem almighty, they've achieved their power more through luck than skill. "Everybody's bullshitting," they said. "If you're in a seat, and you have good deal flow, and you have precious capital, and there's a massive tailwind of technological change ... Over time you get one of the 20 [companies that become successful] and you look like a genius. And nobody wants to admit that but that's the fucking truth."
[India], Feb. 4 (ANI): Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister N. Chandrababu Naidu said on Saturday that they and Vice President M Venkaiah Naidu made it big because of their willpower.
"Neither I nor Venkaiah Naidu had any Godfather. Only our will power and hard work made us this big. You also can achieve if you set your goals and strive for it," said Chief Minister Naidu while addressing a gathering at Guntur's JKC College, which was marking its Golden Jubilee.
On the occasion, alumni of the college collected and donated Rs 2 Crores to the college.
The chief minister, in their address, also said in IT sector, every fourth technocrat in ten was an Indian, "Of them, one is Telugu. This is a matter of pride for us." Meanwhile, Vice-President Naidu spoke on the economy. They said while countries including China were affected with economic problems, "India is the only country recording good growth. Of course, there may be some fluctuations. But India's growth is visible." (ANI)
A MAN is dead after a motorcycle crash in Perth's southern suburbs last night.
The motorcyclist, aged in their 40s, was rushed to Fiona Stanley Hospital after the crash at Beeliar Drive and Stock Road in Munster about 7.45pm.
Police said the rider hit a kerb and side-swiped poles and street signs before landing in a cyclone fence.
Despite attempts to save the man, they died in hospital last night.
Police are investigating.
The Democratic Alliance (DA) must boldly go out and win support from black South Africans, the party's leader Mmusi Maimane said on Saturday.
Maimane was addressing the KwaZulu-Natal provincial congress in Durban.
They said the DA needs to be more diverse and reflect every wonderful facet of the country.
“In the past, we have been excellent at winning support from minority voters, now we must boldly go out and win support from black South Africans.
“I hope that every person who calls themselves a DA leader in this room is helping to actively recruit excellent young black candidates.”
They encouraged DA members to recruit the best of the best members who will represent the party well come 2019 national elections.
“We are not interested in replacing one race with another. We are not interested in quotas,” Maimane added.
“We are not interested in only coloured people, or only white people, or only black people, or only Indian people. We are a party for coloured South Africans and black South Africans and white South Africans and Indian South Africans. For all the people, united in our diversity”.
Maimane said their party's achievements for the past two years were the shining examples of what the DA is capable of at its best.
They applauded the provincial leadership for the steady growth they have achieved in the province, adding that they must not lose focus on its core values.
“This province has defined our national political trends over the last decade, and it is the province where so much of our party's future fortunes will be decided,” the DA leader said.
-TNA Reporter
Melania Trump (Laura Benanti) made their long-awaited return to The Late Show Tuesday night to talk about their move to the White House to be with their husband, which they are so, so excited about, really.
The First Lady explained to Stephen Colbert that they didn't move down from New York right after the inauguration because their son Barron had to finish school and then they had to wait for the Comcast guy to turn off the cable, but now there's no excuse to not go, no matter how hard they look to find one.
But now that she's there, she's ready to get to work on their pet cause ("illiteracy?") and be there for the remaining 1,315 days, 11 hours, 55 minutes and 20 seconds of their husband's term.
They also explained what really happened in that infamous moment when they slapped Trump's hand away when they tried to hold it: "His hands are so small I thought it was mosquito."
Laura Benanti, The Late Show with Stephen Colbert
(Full disclosure: TVGuide.com is owned by CBS.)
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
SAN DIEGO -- People from all over San Diego County piled into Westview High School Tuesday night to see the annual fireworks show.
The show was put on by the Rancho Penasquitos Town Council. Brian Reschke with the council said the show, which has been around since the early '90s, is convenient for many residents.
"This is basically one of the few local community shows without people having to drive to Mira Mesa or Rancho Bernardo," Reschke said.
A huge crowd of people gathered and enjoyed the fireworks from outside of the stadium.
Ann Pickett said they have been coming to see the fireworks for eight years.
"It's gotten bigger and bigger every year," said Pickett. "We've been bringing our children to this show for years and now our children are friends and in college. It's a tradition."
Australia's Michael Matthews celebrates on the podium after the prologue, a 4km race against the clock at the 72th Tour de Romandie UCI ProTour in Fribourg, Switzerland.
Australia's Michael Matthews celebrates on the podium after the prologue, a 4km race against the clock at the 72th Tour de Romandie UCI ProTour in Fribourg, Switzerland. JEAN-CHRISTOPHE BOTT
AUSTRALIA'S Michael Matthews has won the opening Tour of Romandie prologue for their first victory of the season.
Matthews (Team Sunweb) was one second faster than Swiss rider Tom Bohli (BMC Racing) in the 4km time trial around Fribourg, with Slovenia's Primoz Roglic third and fellow Australian Rohan Dennis (BMC) fourth.
Australian defending champion Richie Porte, riding for BMC, finished 18th, 14 seconds behind Matthews..
After a stellar 2017, when they won two Tour de France stages and the green jersey as most consistent finisher, 24-year-old Matthews had a relatively low-key European spring season after fracturing their shoulder in their first race.
Fifth placings at Milan-San Remo and last week's Fleche Wallone suggested they were finding form, and a late puncture cruelled their Amstel Gold race earlier this month.
The Team Sunweb rider told Swiss broadcaster RTS it was a "massive relief" to get their first win.
"I gave it my best and it was enough to get the win," Matthews said.
"It was a really beautiful course. In the recon I thought it was a maybe a little bit sketchy, but it was fine - I had a lot of fun out there today.
"I've always watched this race. I started in 2013 and got sick after the first time trial, so this is pretty much my first time in the Tour of Romandie and I'm stoked to get the win on the first stage."
The six-day race through Switzerland's French-speaking region continues with a 166-km ride from Fribourg to Delemont. It includes three category two climbs.
- AP
OUAGADOUGOU, Burkina Faso (AP) — Burkina Faso's government spokesperson says that the country's special forces have ended an attack by suspected Islamic extremists on an upscale Turkish restaurant in this West African country's capital, Ouagadougou.
“At this moment our forces have neutralized two terrorists and the number of casualties, still provisional, is 18 dead and several wounded,” Communications Minister and government spokesperson Remy Danguinou told journalists Monday morning.
They said the dead are “mainly children and women” and the toll could rise because several people were wounded by the gunfire.
At least three members of Burkina Faso's security forces were wounded during the assault, which lasted for nearly seven hours, said Capt. Guy Ye, spokesperson of the security forces.
The assailants arrived at the restaurant on motorcycles and then began shooting randomly at the crowds dining Sunday evening, they said. Security forces arrived at the scene with armored vehicles after reports of shots fired near Aziz Istanbul.
This is the second such attack on a restaurant popular with foreigners in the last two years.
There was no immediate claim of responsibility for the violence, which continued throughout the early hours of Monday. Gunfire could be heard almost seven hours after the attack began.
In addition to those killed, eight others were wounded, Communications Minister Remi Dandjinou told journalists. The victims came from several different nationalities, they said. At least one of the dead was French and another was Turkish.
The attack brought back painful memories of the January 2016 attack at another cafe that left 30 people dead.
Burkina Faso, a landlocked nation in West Africa, is one of the poorest countries in the world. It shares a northern border with Mali, which has long battled Islamic extremists.
In the 2016 attack the attackers were of foreign origin, according to al-Qaida in the Islamic Maghreb, which claimed responsibility for those killings along with the jihadist group known as Al Mourabitoun. But the terror threat in Burkina Faso is increasingly homegrown, experts say.
The northern border region is now the home of a local preacher, Ibrahim Malam Dicko, who radicalized and has claimed responsibility for recent deadly attacks against troops and civilians. Their association, Ansarul Islam, is now considered a terrorist group by Burkina Faso's government.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
JERUSALEM (AP) — In an embarrassment to the Israeli government, only five of 11 NFL players have arrived on a sponsored trip aimed at improving the country's image.
The ministry for strategic affairs and public diplomacy issued an press release after the Super Bowl boasting that the visit would bring “influencers” who would serve as “goodwill ambassadors” when they returned home.
The announcement led Seattle Seahawks defense lineman Michael Bennett to pull out. They accused the government of trying to use them for PR purposes and cited sympathy for the Palestinians. Several others players followed suit.
Rambam hospital spokesperson David Ratner says Wednesday that only five players arrived for a planned visit to the hospital. The ministry declined to comment.
This image of the planet Uranus was taken by NASA spacecraft Voyager 2 in January 1986.
Uranus stinks and there's scientific proof.
Researchers confirmed Monday the seventh planet from the sun has an upper atmosphere full of one of the smelliest chemicals known to humans, hydrogen sulfide, according to a study published by Nature Astronomy.
The odorous gas is what gives rotten eggs — and human flatulence — their distinctive and unpleasant smell. According to the Environmental Protection Agency, people can smell the gas when it makes up as little as three out of every billion molecules in the air, so imagine what being surrounded by clouds of the stuff would smell like.
“If an unfortunate human were ever to descend through Uranus's clouds, they would be met with very unpleasant and odoriferous conditions,” Patrick Irwin a physicist at the University of Oxford, who led the study, said in a statement.
Scientists discovered evidence of “the noxious gas swirling high in the giant planet's cloud tops” after observing how sunlight bounced off Uranus' atmosphere, according to a news release from the Gemini Observatory, a high-power telescope located on top of Hawaii's Mauna Kea volcano.
The new findings come after decades of observations and even a visit by the Voyager 2 spacecraft to the blue-green ice giant, the release said. Before making the discovery, scientists had long inferred hydrogen sulfide existed in the planet's atmosphere, but never “conclusively detected” the gas before, according to Science News.
Using a 26-foot Gemini North telescope, the team of scientists studied the reflected sunlight in infrared and determined what types of molecules made up the planet's atmosphere, the release said. While evidence of the molecular compounds was “barely there,” Irwin said scientists were still “able to detect them unambiguously” given the sensitivity of their instruments and the “exquisite conditions” on Mauna Kea.
The Uranus' atmospheric composition was so difficult to nail down because when a cloud deck forms by condensation, it hides the gas responsible for forming the clouds beneath levels that can be usually seen with telescopes, Leigh Fletcher, a member of the research team, said in the release.
“Only a tiny amount remains above the clouds as a saturated vapour,” said Fletcher, who is a planetary scientist at the University of Leicester in the United Kingdom. “The superior capabilities of Gemini finally gave us that lucky break.”
Aside from lending credence to Uranus jokes, the hydrogen sulfide discovery sheds light (or maybe smell) on how planets and the solar system formed, the release said.
Being able to confirm the composition information is “invaluable in understanding Uranus' birthplace, evolution and refining models of planetary migrations,” the release said.
Knowing what makes up distant planets, such as Uranus, could help scientists determine where in the solar system the planets first formed and how far they moved from the sun over time, Business Insider reported.
Glenn Orton, a co-author of the new study and a planetary scientist at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory, told Business Insider the new research points to “evidence of a big shakeup early on in the solar system's formation.”
“There was definitely a migration taking place,” Orton said.
While the planet's smell may be more than enough to repel most from wanting to visit, Orton said researchers are working on a proposal for a new Uranus spacecraft, which they hope will help them learn more about where the outer planets actually formed and how the solar system came to be.
Hopefully, the proposed spacecraft will be unmanned like its predecessor, Voyager 2, because Orton said the probe will be expected to plunge through Uranus' pungent clouds.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Vocalist Sam Smith announced an album release paired with a North American tour late last night. The tour includes a Denver stop at Pepsi Center nearly a year from now — on August 21, 2018. Titled The Thrill of It All, the new album comes out on November 3 and all ticket purchases for the tour come with a free physical copy (CD). The four-time Grammy-winning artist said on social media, “My beautiful fans, I am so so excited to finally share this news…”
Smith is known for their highly successful debut LP, In the Lonely Hour which was released in May of 2014 — over three years ago. Since, he's collaborated with Disclosure (again), engraved themselves in James Bond theme song history and opened up about their sexuality — they came out shortly after the release of In the Lonely Hour. On September 8 Smith released the single “Too Good At Goodbyes” and last night “Pray” went live on Spotify. This single offers up an explicit rating, which is new for the songwriter. Oh, and it's a Timbaland collaboration. Now, Smith is finally releasing a 10-track sophomore album and returning to Denver.
Presale begins on October 11, 2017, and tickets officially go on sale October 12 at 10 a.m. Find more information about the album and tour here.
CARSON, Calif. (AP) — Coach Jay Gruden was thoroughly baffled by their Redskins' performance. Washington safety D.J. Swearinger blamed poor practices and a deficient mental approach.
Kirk Cousins was simply disappointed when the Redskins' playoff hopes officially ended in a soccer stadium in Southern California.
But perhaps Washington shouldn't have been quite so self-critical after a 30-13 loss on Sunday.
After all, Philip Rivers and the Los Angeles Chargers (7-6) have made most of their opponents feel really bad about themselves over the past 10 weeks as they've surged above .500 and into the thick of the AFC playoff race.
While the Chargers dominated in their fourth straight win, the Redskins (5-8) were eliminated from postseason contention with their sixth loss in eight games. Washington managed only 201 total yards and fell behind by 24 points in the third quarter.
“I'm at a loss for words, quite honestly,” Gruden said. “I never thought we'd get beat like these two weeks in a row.”
Washington followed up its 38-14 loss at Dallas last week with another thrashing.
Rivers passed for 319 yards in the Chargers' seventh victory in nine games, hitting Tyrell Williams and Hunter Henry for touchdowns. Los Angeles racked up 429 yards by midway through the third quarter, and Melvin Gordon rushed for a final touchdown before several regulars took most of the fourth quarter off.
Cousins hit Vernon Davis with an early TD pass , but the Redskins were left dismayed by another lost season. Swearinger, who joined the Redskins this year, wasn't afraid to cite specific factors in their downfall, including Washington's effort in practice this week.
“It was like just this, ‘Blah, blah. OK, we're out here at practice. Blah,'” Swearinger said. “We've got to practice better. I've been saying it all year. … It's not surprising at all to me. You don't prepare well, you're going to fail. I don't think we prepared well with some of the questions that's been asked (by players) before the game. ‘Are you doing this right here? Are you doing this right there?' We're just not prepared.”
Although Bashaud Breeland returned an interception of Kellen Clemens' pass 96 yards for a touchdown with 2:36 to play, Washington's defense had few answers. The Redskins gave up 8.24 yards per play during the first three quarters, and the Chargers successfully ran a reverse and a flea-flicker to Keenan Allen.
“We've definitely taken steps back (on defense),” Swearinger said. “We had 30 put on us today. Dallas put (38) on us last week. We've taken major steps back.”
More things to know about the Chargers' fourth win over the Redskins in five meetings:
CHARGE AHEAD
Williams caught a 75-yard touchdown pass for the Chargers, whose 0-4 start to their relocation season seems a distant memory. The Chargers even have a winning record for the first time since September 2015. They've outscored their opponents 131-53 during their four-game winning streak while outgaining them by a whopping 731 total yards. They've also won four straight home games since starting 0-3 at StubHub Center.
BIG PHILLY STYLE
Rivers moved ahead of Warren Moon for ninth place in NFL history in career yards passing. During the four-game winning streak, Rivers has passed for 1,348 yards with eight touchdowns and no interceptions. They also surpassed 3,500 yards passing for the 10th consecutive season, joining Peyton Manning and Drew Brees as the only NFL quarterbacks to hit the mark in 10 straight years. Manning and Brees, whose streak is active, did it 13 times.
PENALTY KICKS
Washington linebacker Zach Brown sprained their toe in the second half and left in a walking boot. They blamed the StubHub Center turf: “That field is crap. It's made for soccer.” The field in the Chargers' temporary home hasn't received serious criticism from previous opponents, but the Redskins did appear to be slipping regularly.
MISSED CHANCE
Los Angeles had a 23-6 lead when it drove 81 yards in the final 1:25 before halftime. The Chargers missed out on even more points because Austin Ekeler was tackled on a 33-yard run at the Washington 4 as time ran out. Lynn blamed Ekeler for risking a run to end zone despite knowing they needed to get down.
POINT BREAK
The Chargers' 24-point lead in the third quarter allowed several regulars to rest in the fourth. Los Angeles will need it before the biggest game of the season to date: Saturday's showdown with the Kansas City Chiefs (7-6), their co-leaders in the AFC West.
“These are the games you grow up dreaming about playing, and here we are playing it with two teams that are sitting there at 7-6,” Rivers said.
___
More AP NFL: http://pro32.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP_NFL
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
Get weekly updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Nantwich's housing market has enjoyed a successful summer of sales and lettings, according to local estate and lettings agents.
Both sales and lettings of properties in the Nantwich area have been strong over the past few months, with lettings agent Martin and Co celebrating record lettings figures between May and August.
Local estate agent Baker Wynne and Wilson have also enjoyed a successful summer, with partner and co-founder of the firm John Baker saying the number of sales and properties coming to market are higher at present than this time last year.
The team at Martin and Co, based on Hospital Street in Nantwich, saw a 25 per cent increase in lettings between May and August. July was the busiest month on record with 36 properties let in one month alone, which included a £1,500 per month property on Welsh Row and a country mansion.
A high demand for properties has pushed up rental prices by 10 per cent compared to last year and the average rent in Nantwich has risen to £748 per month.
Managing director Shaun Cafferty said: “Nantwich never loses its appeal as a town with a fantastic community spirit. It has soul and people want to be part of it.
“Festivals and events add to its vibrancy and make it a place where people want to live and if they are not in a position to buy a property, they will happily rent for long periods.
“On average tenants stay between 28 and 30 months in a property offering landlords long-term security and few void periods.
“Locally we let on average more than two properties every single day. In peak months, rental properties are snapped up the same day.
“Nantwich offers a wide mix of property from small terraces and apartments to palatial country homes. Summer 2017 saw phenomenal demand for all types of rented property.
“We are delighted to be the go-to local agents for properties large and small.”
They added: “Sales are also booming. Market intelligence shows 518 houses were sold in the Nantwich postcode area last year with the average sale price rising to £263,856 and 30% of all sales over £275,000.”
John Baker of Baker Wynne and Wilson said they and their colleagues had also enjoyed a successful summer, saying: “Our sales are up five per cent month to month on last year for this calendar year.
“The amount of houses coming on the market is up 12 per cent and at the moment there is an awful lot of sales agreed, so the next three months should be very good for completions. We have got more ‘pipeline business' than you would expect coming into this side of the year.”
Mr Baker added that sales in Nantwich town centre itself, as well as outlying villages with good local amenities, had done particularly well.
Mr Cafferty, Chairman of the South Cheshire Chamber of Commerce, added that they think Nantwich is well-placed to benefit from HS2, saying: “Nationally, the private rented sector continues to grow in both size and popularity.
“Our market intelligence shows residential property delivering the highest return of any UK asset since the year 2000.
“Locally, and especially in Nantwich, landlords are holding on to property, looking to the future and the positive impact of HS2.
“Much has been said about the benefits to Crewe and its appeal to investors. Yet Nantwich is also well-placed to benefit from HS2 and the increased demand.
“The town has excellent rail links and offers commuters the opportunity to enjoy a Cheshire lifestyle in a pretty historic town.”
The Nantwich branch of Martin and Co, part of a national chain, has let more than 220 properties since the start of the year in Nantwich alone.
Tara Crisp, a chartered legal executive at Hibberts Solicitors, added: “There's arguably never been a better time to buy a new home, with interest rates at an all-time low, new mortgage products available and private sector rents spiraling. Help for those with a small deposit is also at hand from the government's Help to Buy initiative.
“Further, the Council is wholly supportive of HS2 which reinforces Cheshire East as one of the best places to live and do business in the North West. Cheshire East will be one of the best connected areas in the UK and will support existing businesses, inward investment and job creation in and around.
“With all this in mind there is nothing to suggest that the market is likely to slow any time soon.”
Golf officials will no longer consider rules violations pointed out by fans watching tournaments on television, the United States Golf Association and R&A said on Monday.
The two governing bodies said in a statement they would "discontinue any steps to facilitate or consider viewer call-ins as part of the Rules decision process".
The USGA and R&A said that starting Jan. 1 one or more officials would be assigned to monitor the video broadcast of a competition to help identify and resolve rules issues as they arose.
Video review will be limited to material obtained from the committee's broadcast partner. Other video, such as from an individual's smartphone or camera, will not be used.
“The level of collaboration with our partners has been both vital and gratifying as we look to the future,” said Thomas Pagel, USGA senior director of the Rules of Golf and Amateur Status.
“As technology has continued to evolve, it has allowed us to evolve how we operate, as well.”
As television coverage of golf events has become more comprehensive a debate has raged over whether those watching from home should be able to impact a competition.
The issue was brought into the spotlight in April when Lexi Thompson took a four-shot penalty that cost their victory at the ANA Inspiration, one of women`s golf`s majors.
Thompson had been leading by three in the final round and walking to the 13th tee with their second major title in sight when they were stopped by a rule official, who told them of the penalty.
A television viewer had alerted the LPGA that the American had marked their ball and replaced it in the wrong place on the 17th hole in the third round, costing their two shots for the breach and another two for signing an incorrect scorecard.
A Montgomery County, KS man has died after a crash in Coffeyville.
According to police, the crash happened at 11th and Buckeye streets on Saturday evening (March 17). Authorities say 50-year-old Richard Moore was driving west on a motorcycle when they hit a pickup truck driven by a 16-year-old who was traveling north on Buckeye. Police say Moore was not wearing a helmet. Moore was taken to the Coffeyville Regional Medical Center and then life flighted to Mercy Hospital in Joplin where they later died.
The driver and passenger of the pickup truck were not injured.
The case has been sent to the County Attorney's office for review.
The prize on offer in Moscow on 15 July.
The prize on offer in Moscow on 15 July.
AND THEN THERE were eight.
With the last 16 knockout stage games concluded, there are only eight countries still in with a chance of celebrating when the World Cup ends with the final in Moscow on Sunday 15 July.
The quarter-final action starts on Friday with France taking on Uruguay while Belgium meet Brazil.
The other side of the draw sees the quarter-final action on Saturday involve England against Sweden before the meeting of Croatia and Russia.
Brazil is the favourites to advance as they seek to win their first World Cup since 2002 with 1998 champions France also well-fancied. Both Uruguay and Belgium aim to upset the heavyweights in their quarter-final ties while there's a golden chance for England, Sweden, Croatia and Russia to reach the final.
But who do you now think is going to win it out?
Let us know.
1:29
AMBER, Blue and Silver Alerts: What you need to know
3:47
Video: Arlington mom films arrests of their two teenage sons
3:13
Back in April, Facebook published a report called "Information Operations and Facebook" that detailed the company's efforts to combat fake news and other misinformation campaigns on the site. The report was released in the midst of an uproar over potential Russian meddling in the 2016 presidential campaign. But the report doesn't mention Russia by name, saying only that Facebook's data "does not contradict" a January report by the Obama administration detailing Russian meddling in the election.
On Friday, The Wall Street Journal reported that the decision not to mention Russia was hotly debated inside Facebook. An earlier draft of the report discussed what Facebook knew at that time about Russian meddling, but that material was ultimately removed from the report before publication.
"Some at Facebook pushed to not include a mention of Russia in the report because the company's understanding of Russian activity was too speculative, according to one of the people," according to the Journal.
In the months since that April report, Facebook has learned more about the Russian government's activities. In September, Facebook revealed that suspected Russian government operatives purchased $100,000 worth of targeted political ads on Facebook. Facebook says the ads reached 10 million users. Facebook told The Wall Street Journal that it didn't uncover key evidence about these ads until after the April report was published.
“At the time that we published the white paper we were not in a position to know for sure who was behind the activity that we described and we did not feel comfortable making a definitive attribution,” a Facebook spokesperson said.
These ads are just one facet of a broader Russian campaign to influence the US political process. For example, Russia is also suspected of creating hundreds of fake accounts on Facebook and Twitter to manipulate political debate in the United States. One of these accounts, called "Blacktivist," advocated against police violence and mass incarceration and racked up 360,000 likes.
And, of course, the Russian government has been active off of Facebook, too. The Russian government is suspected of hacking the Democratic National Committee and Hillary Clinton Campaign Chair John Podesta and leaking the e-mails to journalists.
Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg has vowed to be more vigilant about Russian attempts to manipulate political discussion on Facebook—both in the United States and in other democratic countries.
This week I learned the unexpected ways an asteroid could kill us all, and more
Laurie is a rare Seattle-born Native. They have raised their children, but as a working mom knows how important it is to look and feel your best. They currently volunteer with Queen It's a New Day, a non-profit organization in Everett, giving women a hand up to feel great inside and out. As a published author and life coach, Laurie is WARM's Afternoon Traffic host with the philosophy of…” traffic is a lot like life, sometimes you have a speed –limit drive and sometimes you hit a slow-down or detour, but with the right guidance and information, we can all get through it together”.
Wednesday, June 14, 2017
SAN FRANCISCO, CALIFORNIA—The Associated Press reports that the USCGC McCulloch was found under 300 feet of water off the coast of southern California during a remotely operated vehicle training mission. The U.S. Coast Guard cutter, which was based in San Francisco, fought in the Battle of Manila Bay during the Spanish-American War, enforced fur seal regulations off the coast of Alaska, and served as a floating courtroom in remote areas. The well-known ship sank in 1917 after colliding with a passenger steamship. Scientists from the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration identified the shipwreck based upon its torpedo tube, six-pounder guns, helm, steam engine, sounding machine, propeller, and a circular skylight that had collapsed inside the officer's quarters. To read in-depth about nautical archaeology, go to "Shipwreck Alley."
According to the latest report published by Credence Research, Inc. “Hybrid Operating Room Market – (Device Type – Operating Tables, Lighting Systems, Surgical Beams, Surgical Imaging Displays, Intraoperative Diagnostic Devices and Operating Room Communication Systems; Application Type – Therapeutic: Cardiovascular Surgeries, Neurosurgery, Thoracic Surgery, Biopsy, Orthopedic Surgeries, Laparoscopic Surgeries, Emergency Care And Other Surgeries, Diagnostics: Fluoroscopy, Digital Subtraction Angiography, And 3D C-Arm Computer Tomography; End User – Hospitals, Clinics, Medical Research Institute And Ambulatory Surgical Centers) :Market Growth, Future Prospects and Competitive Analysis, 2016-2022,” the market was valued at USD 3.4 Bn in 2015, and is expected to reach USD 9.7 Bn by 2022, expanding at a CAGR of 16.1% from 2016 to 2022.
Browse the full report Hybrid Operating Room Market: Growth, Future Prospects and Competitive Analysis, 2016-2022 report at http://www.credenceresearch.com/report/hybrid-operating-room-market
Market Insights
Hybrid operating rooms are extremely complex working environments where a large team of surgeons, interventionalists, nurses, anesthesiologists, and technicians need to work seamlessly together. A hybrid OR (Operating Room) is an alternative to conventional OR equipped with advanced medical imaging systems and devices supporting high quality interventional imaging and minimally invasive surgeries. North America held the largest regional market, accounting for the market share of over 37.3% in 2015, and is anticipated to dominate the global hybrid operating room market during the forecast period of 2016 to 2022. Rising number of hybrid operating room facilities and higher acceptance of technology are the key factors driving the North America hybrid operating room market. Asia Pacific is expected to grow at the highest growth rate during the focus period, due to rising medical tourism in the region, growing medical investments and healthcare infrastructure in Asia Pacific.
Browse All Reports of This Category @ http://www.credenceresearch.com/industry/medical-devices-market
Among the devices types, intraoperative diagnostic devices held the largest share in the global hybrid operating room market due to its wider application in the cardiovascular and neurosurgery. Moreover, rising minimally invasive surgeries would further enhance the application of intraoperative diagnostic devices driving the market further.
The therapeutic application held the largest share in the global hybrid operating room market. The cardiovascular surgeries dominated the therapeutic application segment owing to the rise in the prevalence of cardiovascular diseases worldwide. The diagnostic imaging is anticipated to exhibit the fastest growth rate in the hybrid operating room market. Rising number of minimally invasive surgery and robotic surgery to drive the diagnostic imaging market.
Hospitals held the largest share in the end user segment of the global hybrid operating room market. Rising number of hospitals coming up with hybrid operating room is the major factor driving the hybrid operating room market. Clinics are expected to be the fastest growing end user segment in the global hybrid operating room market.
Blog URL – http://www.mobilecomputingtoday.co.uk/4193/global-hybrid-operating-room-market-reach-worth-usd-9-7-2022-rising-demand-minimally-invasive-surgery-drive-market-credence-research/
About Credence Research:
Credence Research is a worldwide market research and counseling firm that serves driving organizations, governments, non legislative associations, and not-for-benefits. We offer our customers some assistance with making enduring enhancements to their execution and understand their most imperative objectives. Over almost a century, we've manufactured a firm extraordinarily prepared to this task.
For More Information, Visit: Credence Research
Media Contact
Company Name: Credence Research
Contact Person: Chris Smith,
Designation: Global Sales Manager
Phone: 1-800-361-8290 FREE
Address: 105 N 1st ST #429, SAN JOSE,
CA 95103
E-mail: sales@credenceresearch.com
© @erinjewell / Instagram
Some 250 gallons (946 liters) of toxic chemicals brought an Atlanta highway to a halt on Monday morning as hazardous material crews attempted to bring the spill under control.Images and video from the scene show a crew in hazmat suits dealing with the spill that happened at 2am local time and closed the highway until 7:30am, reported AJC Benzoyl Chloride is mainly used for the production of peroxides and is considered hazardous but not life threatening.Classes were delayed in nearby Georgia State University as emergency services attempted to deal with the collision, which left the hazardous chemical spilled on the highway along with 50 gallons of fuel.Cortez Stafford from the Atlanta Fire Department told reporters that both drivers managed to escape from their vehicles and were taken to hospital with minor injuries following the crash."Some of the chemical inside spilled onto the interstate. A very small amount but we have to take precautions to make sure it's contained," Stafford said.
IRON RIVER—A spaghetti dinner fundraiser to help two local students participate in a medical brigade to Ghana will be held from 4-8 p.m. on Saturday, Dec. 16, at the West Iron County Fire Hall.
Current Central Michigan students Kelsi Hendrickson, a Forest Park graduate, and Alexis Vicenzi, a West Iron County graduate, will host the fundraiser. Hendrickson and Vicenzi are involved in the nonprofit organization “Global Brigades” and through this organization, the pair have an opportunity to serve those in need by providing medical and dental attention to Ghanaian community members.
The menu will consist of spaghetti, garlic bread and salad with a bake sale and more. Cost will be $8 for adults and $5 for children and students. Children under 3 eat for free.
The public is asked to join the students for dinner and good company, while raising funds for a great cause.
Personal donations can be made to Hendrickson at 413 N. Sixth St., Crystal Falls, MI 49920 and Vicenzi at 135 N. Fourth Ave., Iron River, MI 49935.
Next Up The Most Anticipated New Winter Shows
Attention devoted Cloud 9 shoppers, there's currently a celebration underway! NBC has renewed the America Ferrera comedy Superstore for a third season, the network announced Tuesday. The new season will consist of 22 episodes.
"We are extremely proud of Superstore, which is one of the smartest and funniest comedies on television today," said NBC Entertainment president Jennifer Salke. "Through the show's expertly drawn characters, our producers and cast do a remarkable job touching on many issues in which audiences can relate. To its credit, not only does Superstore make us laugh, but it makes us think as well."
Superstore continues to revitalize comedy at NBC
Superstore
According to the network, the delightful comedy, which follows the employees of a big-box store in St. Louis, is averaging a 1.8 rating among adults ages 18-49 and 5.7 million total viewers in Live+7 Day ratings.
NBC also recently renewed The Good Place, which forms a comedy block with Superstore, for a second season.
Superstore airs Thursdays at 8/7c on NBC.
ABC 7's 190 NORTH, with host Janet Davies, showcases some of the latest and greatest experiences on Chicago's lifestyle and entertainment scene. This half-hour special airs Sunday, April 23 at 11:00 PM on ABC 7 Chicago. Mark Nilsson and Ji Suk Yi are contributors. The beautiful and newly revamped Navy Pier is the backdrop for this edition of 190 NORTH.190 NORTH takes viewers on a magic carpet ride to Broadway In Chicago's spectacular production of Disney's Aladdin. From the big screen, to the Cadillac Palace Theatre, Chicago theatergoers are the first in the country to experience the thrilling North American touring production of Aladdin, which is launching right here in the Windy City.Next, 190 embarks on a stealth mission to learn more about a top secret restaurant for wanna be spies and foodies alike - Safehouse. A themed restaurant dedicated to all things spy-related, viewers will get intelligence on the tasty food, multiple bars, dance floor, lounge and fun experienced by those visitors who are able to crack the secret password!If your weakness is sweetness, then 190 NORTHs visit to three Chicago bakeries putting a new spin on a classic cookie, is a must-see! Cookie Spin, Warm Belly Bakery, and By the Park Bakery will leave viewers wanting more in 190's Cookie Round-Up.It's a mind-blowing, the largest single collection of Rolling Stones memorabilia in the world. 190 takes viewers to Navy Pier for Exhibitionism, that rocks with Stones' art, wild costumes, album cover art, instruments, diaries with set lists and even a replica of the apartment where Mick Jagger and Keith Richards first lived. It's a segment rock n' rollers won't want to miss.Then, 190 checks into Freehand, the trendy new spot located in downtown Chicago where visitors can stay for as low as thirty five dollars! With amazing amenities, great location, and the Broken Shaker Bar (named for one of the top 50 bars in America), this hotel is not making it easy for visitors to leave.Finally, some Chicago dealerships are going full throttle when it comes to awesome amenities. While car shopping at Arlington Lexus you can enjoy watching a movie in their movie theater, a little putt putt on their putting green, and for the kids - an indoor playset!Rubye Wilson and Holly Grisham are the producers of 190 NORTH.
ADVERTISEMENT
The Good Place started off looking like a solid, respectable, even slightly forgettable sitcom. Creator Mike Schur, whose previous projects — particularly The Office and Parks and Recreation — mined bland bureaucracies for comedy, seemed at first to be doubling down on their favorite premise. If the point of workplace comedies is to dive into the stultifying sameness of spending day after day with the same frustrating people, then Kristen Bell's Eleanor is the ultimate everywoman in the ultimate workplace. The Good Place starts off as a clean, sterile, suburb where the residents (save the principals) are so anodyne that even their names are spectacularly generic. In a world of Vickys and Janets and Michaels, it seemed like a safe bet that the show was returning to the sitcom's TV roots, resetting to a comfy baseline at the end of each episode.
Instead, The Good Place did the opposite. Rather than accept the genre's conventions, the show went meta, commenting on the karmic hell (Chidi's words) that the sitcom reset actually represents. What would it really be like to be a typical sitcom character who gets "rebooted" at the end of each episode? Who learns nothing in the course of several seasons? Whose memory is wiped clean? By taking the rules of the sitcom to this logical extreme, The Good Place is following in the footsteps of one of the greatest, funniest pieces of TV meta-criticism ever: Arrested Development.
But I'm getting ahead of myself. To appreciate how The Good Place puts new spin on old structures, let's start with its apparent premise: What would happen if a "bad" person ended up at the "good" place? The shortcuts the show takes here are instructive: It doesn't bother to name heaven and hell because it doesn't have to; the basic framework is well-worn. We know Michael is some kind of "angel," and we intuit (thanks to a million images of dead people playing harps on clouds) that the conceptual problem with heaven is that it seems boring and repetitive.
It's no secret that The Good Place (spoiler alert) ends with a massive twist. By the end of the first season, the show explicitly calls out the sitcom's repetitive tyranny as a form of torture. What's more, the very formula that makes the show work dramatically — fish-out-of-water tries to fit in — is a recipe for misery for almost everyone concerned. Michael is more than a demon; he's a TV writer.
Fans were curious to see where the show, having blown up its premise, would go in its second season. Since we knew Eleanor could foil Michael's plan, it seemed perfectly plausible that the sitcom would resume its cyclical structure using this as its reset: Each episode would end with them working out the solution in a different way. The sitcom would basically borrow a little from the murder mystery genre. It's not that promising a structure — the characters are delightful, but both they and the setting are too thin to sustain that many rearrangements.
As if it understood that, the show once again fast-forwarded past expectations. Within three episodes, it established that the characters have been rebooted 802 times, sparing us almost all those iterations of the same threadbare plot.
That's two whole formulas, two perfectly acceptable narrative structures, the show has teased, analyzed, deconstructed, and thrown out.
Instead, The Good Place seems to be thinking — with at least as much philosophical sophistication as a spate of dramas like The OA and Westworld — about what "rebooting" a person does in the long-term. In these other shows, it's suggested that improvement occurs in spite of all those memory wipes: Maeve gains something from their resurrections in Westworld. So does the OA. That doesn't seem to be happening in The Good Place. Chidi laments that they're trapped in some karmic cycle or Nietzschean eternal recurrence that stalls out because they can't remember what's come before. It's true that some characters see the possibility of progress: "Every time a Janet is rebooted, they increase their social awareness and abilities. I might be the most advanced Janet in the universe," Janet — the neighborhood's anthropomorphic "mainframe" — says. But the humans seem to be out of luck.
This is a show known for its twists, and I suspect — given Eleanor's resistance to Michael's proposition that they team up — that we're in for several more. Eleanor's instincts have been solid in the past, and their total immunity to Michael's hard sell turned out to be one of the most interesting scenes in the latest episode. Them skepticism forces viewers to think quite a bit harder about the spectrum of possibilities, and how Michael's framing leaves a few important things out.
This is a show about heaven that can make up as many rules as it wants, after all; that it spent that long deconstructing Michael's reasoning (correctly) suggests that the show (despite appearances, and giant shrimp, and clowns) is taking its philosophy almost as seriously as Chidi. I'm starting to think that Chidi's line in "What We Owe to Each Other" — "Imagine a group of reasonable people are coming up with the rules for a new society" — wasn't just a throwaway. And that this fascinating little exchange between Eleanor and Michael in the arcade last season has something real to tell us about the way shows set up incentives and dupe us into buying in.
(Screenshot/NBC/The Good Place) (Screenshot/NBC/The Good Place)
The Good Place has been a light and sunny treat from the beginning: It boasts an excellent cast, a delightfully silly premise, and so many throwaway jokes that it's starting to rival Arrested Development. It's startling to realize how smoothly the show pulled off some extremely effective twists it didn't even necessarily "need." As it becomes clear that more are coming, I'm starting to think The Good Place might rival Arrested Development in other ways too.
Seoul: South Korea`s President Moon Jae-in on Monday declared there must be no war on the Korean peninsula and called on the North to halt its threatening behaviour as tensions between Pyongyang and Washington heighten with both hinting at military action.
"There must be no more war on the Korean Peninsula. Whatever ups and downs we face, the North Korean nuclear sitaution must be resolved peacefully," said Moon in opening remarks at a regular meeting with senior aides and advisers. The remarks were provided by the Presidential Blue House.
"I am certain the United States will respond to the current situation calmly and responsibly in a stance that is equal to ours."
(ABC News) — Three women who have previously accused President Donald Trump of sexual misconduct or harassment in the years prior to their election are calling for Congress to investigate the allegations against them following a week in which three U.S. senators and congressional representatives stepped down over similar claims.
Rachel Crooks, Jessica Leeds and Samantha Holvey appeared at a news conference Monday.
“I ask that Congress put aside their party affiliations and investigate Mr. Trump's history of sexual misconduct,” Crooks said.
Crooks alleged that Trump “has escaped their past unscathed, but over a dozen women have come forward about their sexual misconduct, and we have video proof of them promoting such behavior,” referring to the Access Hollywood video from 2005.
“In an objective setting, without question a person with this record would have entered the graveyard of political aspirations never to return. Yet, here we are with that man as president,” Crooks said.
Related Content: Haley: Trump's accusers of sex misconduct should be heard
Trump has denied allegations of sexual harassment or misconduct. They apologized last year for their comments recorded on the Access Hollywood video.
Asked about the women's claims Monday afternoon, White House press secretary Sarah Sanders repeated the president's denials and added that the White House felt the “allegations have been answered” through last year's election since Trump was victorious even after the public was aware of the accusations.
The three women appeared earlier Monday on the NBC's “Today” show, where host Megyn Kelly read a statement from the White House in response to the women's allegations.
“These false claims, totally disputed in most cases by eyewitness accounts, were addressed at length during last year's campaign, and the American people voiced their judgment by delivering a decisive victory,” the White House statement said. “The timing and absurdity of these false claims speaks volumes and the publicity tour that has begun only further confirms the political motives behind them.”
Crooks first made their allegations in an article in The New York Times in October 2016. They said that in 2005 when they were a 22-year-old receptionist at a real estate investment and development company in Trump Tower in Manhattan, they encountered Mr. Trump outside an elevator in the building one morning.
They said they knew their company did business with Trump, so they introduced themselves and they shook hands. But, they told the Times, Trump would not let go and began kissing their cheeks. Then, they “kissed me directly on the mouth,” they said.
“I was so upset that they thought I was so insignificant that they could do that,” Crooks told the Times.
Crooks said at the news conference Monday, “I was shocked. Devastated. It happened so fast.”
Leeds, who also first went public in the Times article in October 2016, alleges that Trump groped them during the late 1970s while they were traveling first class on an airplane. Leeds was a traveling salesperson in their 30s at the time.
“They served a meal, and after the meal was cleared, all of a sudden, he's all over me – kissing and groping and groping and kissing,” Leeds said on the “Today” show.
Leeds also told NBC today that three years after the alleged incident on the airplane, they moved to New York City and ran into Trump while they were working at a fundraiser gala. Leeds claims Trump recognized them as the woman on the plane and, using a profanity, “called me the worst name ever.”
Related Content: Mario Batali tripped up by sexual misconduct allegations
“It was shocking. It was like a bucket of cold water being thrown over me,” Leeds said of the alleged interaction with the president.
Leeds said in the NBC interview today that they chose not to tell anyone about the alleged incidents with Trump until they were running for president.
“I wanted people to know what kind of person Trump really is,” Leeds said.
Holvey, a former Miss USA pageant contestant, also went public with their allegations in October 2016 in an interview with CNN.
Holvey was the 2006 Miss North Carolina in the pageant that year, they told CNN. During an event in New York City in the month before the pageant, Trump personally inspected each of the contestants, they alleged.
“He would step in front of each girl and look you over from head to toe like we were just meat, we were just sexual objects, that we were not people,” Holvey told CNN. “You know when a gross guy at the bar is checking you out? It's that feeling.”
On Monday on the “Today” show, Holvey said that after going public with their story it “heartbreaking” to see Trump win the election.
“We're private citizens, and for us to put ourselves out there to try and show America who this man is and especially how they view women and for them to say ‘Meh, we don't care.' It hurt.” Holvey said.
Crystal Palace's "pantomime villain" Christian Benteke has apologised to manager Roy Hodgson and their team-mates for ignoring instructions before missing a stoppage-time penalty against Bournemouth.
Benteke wrestled the ball off regular penalty taker Luka Milivojevic - who had already converted a first-half spot-kick - only to see their effort saved by Asmir Begovic as Palace drew 2-2.
Instead of securing a victory that could have taken Palace out of the Premier League's relegation zone, the 27-year-old striker was booed off by the club's supporters at the final whistle of a match that leaves them bottom.
Hodgson revealed Benteke spoke to them on Monday morning before apologising to the Palace squad and the former England manager considers the matter over, even if the Belgian may have to fight to again win over the club's fans.
"The first opportunity this morning, they get the players around, says their piece," said Hodgson.
"He's already said it to me - that's a strong and correct thing to do - and they make it perfectly clear.
"'I took this responsibility. I shouldn't have done because I'm breaking ranks, I'm not obeying team instructions, so I apologise for that, but I'm now going to get on with it', and I'm pretty sure he'll make it up to us.
"I'm very happy with the way he's reacted to it, the way he's taken responsibility, the way he's explained that to the rest of the team, not just to myself.
"He's had the courage to talk in front of the team and explain their decision and apologise for not following the instructions.
"I'm happy with that, but I'm never happy when very clear instructions like that are given, and everyone knows they are there to be followed.
"There's no one more acutely aware of that than the player who's made (the mistake). Sometimes you don't even need to mention it. What's the point of kicking someone when they're lying on the ground?
"What you hope for, when something like this happens, is that the player concerned does exactly what Benteke has done at the first real opportunity, which wasn't in the dressing room after the game."
Palace host Watford on Tuesday, when they will be without the injured Mamadou Sakho - who Hodgson says will be out with a calf injury for "weeks, not days" - but will have Yohan Cabaye available.
And Hodgson will persist in selecting Benteke.
"He played very well," Hodgson said. "Let's not forget that. At the moment Benteke, as far as everyone's concerned, is some sort of pantomime villain. 'The fans have turned against him'.
"He's a bit of a pantomime villain, there's no question of that, but that's also a bit unfair if you look at their performance, because it was really very good."
A regular at the Jersey Shore charged into the surf to help rescue a drowning swimmer, and for all their trouble, they got stuck with a big medical bill.Kristian Falkenstein travels more than an hour from Newtown, Pennsylvania, to play in Belmar, and that's what they were doing September 23, when the waves were high as Hurricane Maria churned offshore and sparked dangerous rip currents. Dozens of rescues were made that weekend, and they and their friends were playing volleyball when one of those distresses began."He was bobbing up and down in the water, doing the distress signal," they said. "I took off my stuff, took off my shirt, and I was like, 'I'm going to save that guy.'"After an exhaustingly long time fighting the current while holding the victim, a Belmar police officer and a few other people jumped in to help. Eventually, the Coast Guard pulled them all out, and ambulances took the victims to the hospital. Paramedics decided Falkenstein needed to go, too."They said that I could get dry drowning," they said. "Die in my sleep, or potentially get pneumonia or an infection."Amid such dire warnings, Falkenstein decided to get checked out. Luckily, everything was fine. Until, that is, the next wave hit in the form of medical bills.The hospital visit alone cost more than $2,500, and that doesn't include bills from the physician, radiologist and for the ambulance ride.Falkenstein does have health insurance, but also separate deductibles for medical coverage and the ER. Even after that, they have to pay a percentage of the remaining cost.Even with the bills, they said he'd do the same thing if put in the same position."It's a split (second) decision to get yourself in that water and do what you gotta do," they said.Falkenstein did appeal to the city of Belmar to help them out in covering what insurance won't, which could be around $5,000."They said technically they were not liable for it and at this stage weren't going to help us out," they said.He is stuck with the bills, but they remain happy they helped get someone back home to their loved ones.
The New York Times reviews today's Port Authority bombing by Bangladeshi immigrant Akayed Ullah and concludes: “Suspect in Times Square Bombing Leaves Trail of Mystery.”
I'm not sure wherein the mystery lies. It seems like a straightforward Islamic terrorist attack of the sort we have seen dozens of times over the years:
On the surface, Akayed Ullah seemed to be an ordinary member of a Bangladeshi enclave in Brooklyn. They often prayed at a mosque in an unassuming brownstone in the Kensington section of the borough, where a few thousand of their countrymen reside. … But on Monday morning, Mr. Ullah, 27, strapped a pipe bomb to their body and set out to detonate it in a Times Square subway station, the police said, not only causing chaos among crowds of commuters, but also leaving behind a trail of mystery that baffled those who knew him. “He was a good guy,” said Mohammad Yousuf, a cabdriver who prayed with Mr. Ullah at the mosque. “I can't believe they would do anything like this.”
Far from being a mystery, this is the story of most Islamic terrorists.
According to several law enforcement officials, Mr. Ullah said they set off the bomb in retaliation for American airstrikes in Syria and elsewhere, targeting members of the Islamic State, or ISIS. They told investigators that they had been radicalized online and had made a number of trips overseas in the past five years, visiting Bangladesh in recent months, one of the officials said.
Typical. What to do about the seemingly endless stream of such attacks? One place to start is our irrational immigration system:
Immigration officials said that Mr. Ullah arrived in the United States from Bangladesh in 2011 on a family immigrant visa and has lived in Brooklyn ever since as a legal permanent resident. According to the terms of their visa, Mr. Ullah was the nephew of an American citizen and benefited from what the officials called “extended family chain migration.”
So if we admit one person from Bangladesh, they get to bring over their relatives, and they get to bring over their relatives, apparently ad infinitum. As you might expect, the numbers add up. Earlier today, the White House emailed:
In the last decade, the U.S. has resettled nearly 142,000 Bangladesh nationals on the basis of familial ties– that is a population larger than the population of Dayton, Ohio. A significant driver of this influx of family-based immigration is Chain Migration, the process by which foreign nationals permanently resettle within the U.S. and subsequently bring over their foreign relatives, who then have the opportunity to bring over their foreign relatives, until entire extended families are resettled within the country.
Note that the total has gone from 8,508 in 2005 to 18,051 in 2016:
As always, the question is, why are we doing this? How does it benefit the United States to import 142,000 Bangladeshis for no reason other than the fact that they are related to other Bangladeshis? This is an irrational system which the Trump administration, and many Republicans in Congress (but no Democrats, to my knowledge), are trying to end.
Liberals, as usual, are either obtuse or pretending to be obtuse. Thus, at today's press briefing, a Democratic Party reporter challenged Sarah Sanders–America's most long-suffering woman–to prove when and where Mr. Ullah became radicalized:
Q Sarah, I'm interested in the comment you made about the suspect in New York. Does the White House have any proof that this suspect was radicalized outside of the United States? He's been a lawful, permanent resident living here for some time. MS. SANDERS: I can't get into any further details on that front at this point. But as we have them available, I'll be happy to let you know. Q But why would their chain migration be an issue unless you were saying that something happened outside the U.S.?
Maybe because chain migration is pointless, and out of 142,000 Bangladeshis there is a good chance that at least one of them will be a terrorist? I don't think you necessarily have to be dumb to be a White House press correspondent, but there are times, apparently, when you have to pretend to be.
Three men accused of trying to import ganja with intent to supply made their initial court appearance today (19 March.)
Police arrested Jamaicans Marvin Brown, Garett Rose and Andrew Forbes last week in the South Sound area.
They were charged with two counts of possession of an unlicensed firearm, illegal landing, importation of ganja and possession of ganja with intent to supply. The attorney representing them said they needed more information about the case.
The trio was remanded in custody and returns to court 27 March.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Print
Gabrielle Kynoch is a writer/researcher based in North London. With first-class degree in Fashion Promotion, they cover everything from fashion shows to political interviews. Follow them on Instagram @ gabriellekynoch
Anarchy in the UK
KTZ's SS18 collection was a rebellion of khaki two-pieces, chain mail, and stud embellishments set against leather tailoring.
As the models stomped (or teetered) down the runway in paint-splattered ankle boots, the mood conveyed an anarchist riot in military garms. The khaki and black palette made up of patent leather looks and camo print outerwear were held together at the seams by shiny silver clips.
Behind the Scenes
The collection included bombers, tailored jackets, and sleeveless denim jackets paired with shorts of varying lengths. Starting from fitted shorts, it grew into baggier sets and then morphed into slim-cut cigarette pants.
On the Catwalk
The stand-out pieces were chainmail made from throw away can-tabs and monochromatic motifs that covered shirts and shorts. Branding the KTZ collection as a punk uniform, bandanas and veils concealed the models, creating anonymity, and adding to the riot theme.
chainmail made from throw away can-tabs and monochromatic motifs
For styling, KTZ paired the heels with black tube socks and delicate dangling earrings, blurring the lines of what's feminine and what's masculine.
The collection was a blend of classic punk staples: wet-look leather, safety pins, and boots, but updated for a modern market. The boots were heeled, the leather was tailored, and the safety pins had been traded in for carefully placed decoration.
KTZ's SS18 collection is perfect for the modern anarchist.
##
Learn More
k-t-z.co.uk
With love,
FWO
BROOKLINE, Mass. (AP) - Residents of a Boston suburb have voted to rename the elementary school once attended by John F. Kennedy because it was named for a former slave owner.
Town meeting members in Brookline voted Tuesday 171-19 to change the name of the Edward Devotion School.
It will be known as the Coolidge Corner School, after its neighborhood, until a new name can be approved at next spring's town meeting.
Deborah Brown, who proposed the change, said, "No child should have to walk into a school named for someone who enslaved people."
Opponents called the name change an empty gesture that doesn't address racism's underlying causes.
Devotion, who died in 1744, left money to the town on the condition it is used for a school.
The future president attended from kindergarten through third grade.
A player who will turn 36 this year, and is coming off the worst season of their career, is the ideal candidate to be cut, but Jason Witten gets a pass even if they can't do much when they catch one.
Because there are the Jason Witten Rules, and they apply to but one man.
You aren't him. Neither was Dez Bryant.
Because Jason Witten earned The Jason Witten Rules. Because that's life.
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
And it ain't because he's white.
SHARE COPY LINK A question about Garrett's salty language in a television documentary prompted a snappy response from Cowboys owner Jerry Jones Rodger Mallisonrmallison@star-telegram.com
Part of the reason the Jason Witten Rules exist are because they are still good. He's an adult. He's a pro. They love all of it. He's reliable. They get it. He's not a headache. The head coach needs him. The owner loves him.
The notion, however, that they can play until 40 would be historical, and implausible. As much as it pains anyone who watches, or works with, a player who should be a Hall of Famer, the Cowboys need to add "tight end" to their long list of draft needs. And not just one to backup Jason Witten, but to replace him.
"As long as Jason Witten wants to play football, I'm betting on Jason," Cowboys vice-president Stephen Jones said during the team's draft news conference on Tuesday.
"I don't know that (tight end) is a priority but it's like anything else; if a tight end is sitting there and we have them rated way above everyone else we have to look at it," Stephen Jones said. "I know they won't be as good as Jason Witten, but he'll have a chance to come in and compete."
Betting on Jason Witten to play is easy cash. Betting on Jason Witten to sustain the necessary level of productivity? Bet on Age.
We are all replaceable, it's simply a matter of when and who.
Witten told the Star-Telegram's Clarence E. Hill Jr. on last week that they are not considering a Tony Romo-like move to the broadcast booth because they want to play until he's 40.
And I'd like to win the lottery, to be pursued by Kate Upton, and to never pay the IRS again.
Kickers play in their 40s. A few quarterbacks, too. The occasional defensive back makes it to four-zero.
One tight end made it to 40. Trey Junkin. They were a long snapper listed, generously, as a tight end.
Witten has reportedly auditioned to join ESPN's booth for "Monday Night Football." Per The Sporting News, Witten was contacted by Fox to be its analyst in the booth for "Thursday Night Football."
Figure by next year, Witten will be contacted by CSPAN to be its analyst for "Wednesday Morning Football."
During the middle of the '17 seasons, they were "reportedly" contacted about becoming the next head coach at the University of Tennessee, although they dismissed that laughably baseless report.
Witten is merely at that point when age begins to win more frequently, and to think that trend will magically reverse is to drink from a chalais of denial.
Blocking isn't the problem. Catching isn't the issue. Doing much after they grab the ball is the problem.
Their 8.9 yards per reception last season is the worst figure of their career, and they aren't much of a factor after they caught the ball.
SHARE COPY LINK Jerry Jones says they will stick to their duties of drafting future Dallas Cowboys and not do anything "splashy" to upstage the NFL Draft. Promises no helicopters. Rodger Mallisonrmallison@star-telegram.com
Witten was never a guy who was going to shake a defender, but they normally could run over a guy or two. That transformation began to change last year.
They are, after all, 36.
Since the Cowboys selected Witten in the third round of the 2003 draft, they have picked eight tight ends from the second to the seventh rounds. Three times they spent a second round pick on a tight end.
The coach who drafted him, Bill Parcells, loved the position. They picked two more, including Anthony Fasano in the second round, before they quit.
The best tight end selected during the Witten era remains Martellus Bennett, a second round pick in '08 who has played for five teams and been a good player.  They are one of the most talented players at their position who simply was perfectly happy being a good NFL tight end. They had no interest in being great, because it requires too much time, and being good can be a great lifestyle.
From Fasano to Bennett to Gavin Escobar, Witten beat them all out, because being great is a priority.
They currently hold the active lead in consecutive games by a NFL tight end at 235. The next closest is Ed Dickson of Carolina ... with 82.
However this ends for Jason Witten, their legacy as a player and a person are secure. Ring of Honor. Possibly the Pro Football Hall of Fame. Eternal respect and admiration from their peers and fans.
We all want them to play in that Super Bowl, and to wear that ring. We want for them because they cared about all of it.
Jason Witten earned the Jason Witten Rules, but even they have to know there will come a day when they no longer matter.
The Cowboys the best start preparing for that scenario.
They can be Good Big Mike one game and Bad Big Mike the next. Or even in the same game. Or inning. Or at-bat.
After a Bad Big Mike first start at Tampa Bay, Michael Pineda was Brilliant Big Mike for the Yankees in their home opener last Monday against the Rays. The 6-7 righthander brought perfection into the seventh inning, allowed one run, two hits and no walks and fanned 11 in 7 2⁄3 innings.
“It was tremendous,” Joe Girardi said before Pineda went out to start Sunday night's game against the Cardinals at Yankee Stadium. “We need them to build on that.”
Basically, they did. The Yankees won, 9-3, to finish off the three-game sweep and extend their winning streak to seven games, and Good Big Mike helped do it.
Yes, some of their bad habits showed through, but not enough to detract from a strong outing. Pineda allowed two runs, six hits and a walk and fanned six in seven innings. Sixty-six of their 96 pitches went for strikes.
“I didn't think their slider was as sharp as the other day,” Girardi said, “but they found a way to get through seven innings.”
advertisement | advertise on newsday
Greg Bird broke out of their season-opening slump with a single, double, two-run homer and walk in their first career three-hit game.
The Yankees (8-4) are 6-0 at home for the first time since their 1998 championship season. “It's another win for us,” Bird said. “If I can contribute, that's huge.”
Pineda moved to 2-1 with a 3.44 ERA after finishing last season 6-12 with a 4.82 ERA in 32 starts. They struck out a career-best 207 batters and served up a career-worst 27 homers in 2016. Opponents hit .303 in the first two innings and .325 overall with two outs.
“I don't really see Michael's mind wandering,” Girardi said before the game. “This man is full of gyrations anyway. You wonder what's going through their mind when he's doing all that anyway. But I don't really see it that he's not focused . . . I think they want to be focused and I think they want to make a pitch, but sometimes they don't.”
This time the 28-year-old free agent-to-be retired the first two batters of the game. They found two-out trouble thanks to a walk and a bunt single, but they escaped, striking out Matt Adams swinging.
Yankees videos
In the second, Pineda couldn't escape their two-out problem. Greg Garcia drove in Jedd Gyorko from second, lining a single to left for a 1-0 lead.
Chase Headley led off the bottom of the inning with a single against Adam Wainwright and Aaron Judge followed with a drive toward the right-centerfield wall. A fan reached out with their glove and dropped the ball, which ultimately was ruled an RBI triple after video review.
Bird was next, standing in with no homers, 20 straight hitless at-bats and one hit in 26 at-bats overall.
“My timing was messed up,” they said.
“I just think he's a little out of whack,” Girardi had said.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
Not this time. On the pitch after Judge's triple, Bird whacked a souvenir to the fans in the right-centerfield bleachers, good for a 3-1 lead.
“Tonight I tried to simplify and swing at strikes,” Bird said.
Aaron Hicks made it 4-1 in the fifth, belting a homer just inside the rightfield foul pole off a disbelieving Wainwright, who allowed 10 hits in 4 2⁄3 innings.
Austin Romine and Ronald Torreyes had back-to-back two-run doubles with none out in the eighth to give the Yankees an 8-2 lead. Hicks added a sacrifice fly to cap the five-run inning.
Pineda, meanwhile, found their rhythm, retiring 15 of their final 17 batters. They showed off their dominant side in the fourth, getting Yadier Molina and Randal Grichuk swinging at 96-mph heat.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
“After the second, I got more energy,” they said.
There was a mistake in the seventh. Molina hit a hanging 0-and-2 breaking ball into the leftfield seats to open the inning. But Pineda retired the next three to finish their second straight quality start.
“For me, it's important,” they said, “because I'm working so hard to be consistent every five days.”
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Mildenhall Town boss Dean Greygoose said that they are excited by the youth players coming through the Rec this season.
It's been a tricky season for the Isthmian League Division One North newboys, and despite the injuries that they have had, Gregoose still believes they should be higher than their current position of 19th.
One positive, however, is the youth players who have starred in recent week.
The manager was particularly pleased that 16-year-old Ben Nolan made their full debut during Saturday's 1-1 draw with Brentwood Town.
And with 17-year-olds Aaron Smith and Marcio Pereira also coming through, Greygoose said that the squad's returning senior players have to step up.
“One of the real positives was that Ben got their full debut,” Greygoose said. “He was awesome, but he's also one of three under-18s in the squad so I'm really pleased with the younger players coming through.
“I didn't need to start them but they deserved to play. I think all three of them could come to me and say that they should be playing.
“There's the older players coming back, well most players are still under 20, but there's no guarantee that they can just come straight back into the team.”
Town made it two games unbeaten in the league on Saturday, coming from behind against Brentwood Town to salvage a 1-1 draw.
Brentwood took a first half lead from the spot early in the second half, Matt Price converting after Matt Hall was bought down.
Price was at it again soon after, narrowly going wide from a effort near the half way line. Mildenhall rounded Brentwood keeper Anthony Page then caught the cross bar which meant that they went in 1-0 down.
A solo effort from all of 30-yards from Jake Kerins bought them back into it but, despite pressing, they couldn't find the second and the game ended all-square, and Greygoose believed that their side deserved the victory.
“I think we deserved to win, just about, in the end,” they said. “We started well started once then really lost our way and, to be honest, we were pretty. We hit the crossbar and made a couple from set plays. To be fair we had more chances, in the second half, but I guess we can be quite happy with it in the end.
“I felt we could have finished them off, but that's just the way that things have been recently. And, with players returning and two new targets in sight, Greygoose said that they hope their side can kick on now.
“I'm speaking to two more players on Monday because we just need a bit more creativity sometimes in the final third,” they said.
“They are two long-term targets and now we just want to build a squad that is able to compete. We bought well and, with the players that we have, we should be looking at mid-table at least.”
The Sun River Valley Historical Society celebrated the 150th year of Fort Shaw today. A number of events and re enactments were planned for the day.
Let's take a step back in time, how about 150 years in fact, today was the 150th celebration of Fort Shaw and numerous volunteers came out to show the public exactly what life was like in Fort Shaw more than a century ago.
“We were amazed by the amount of people have come forward, made donations, did volunteer work, it's really bringing together a lot of people” says Burnette Batista
Thousands of people attended the celebration today and learned all about the history of Fort Shaw, clothes, weaponry, and even food from the period were on display, giving people a taste of the fort's past.
“The lunch we are serving is typical army faire, which is beans and corn bread, but we will have pie and coffee afterwards too.”
But the lessons didn't stop there. Volunteers gave horse and buggy rides to the military cemetery, used the weapons in action, and gave demonstrations of baking and medical care. There was a ton to learn today at Fort Shaw.
A question that has featured more than once in Tamil writer-filmmaker Komal Swaminathan's work is whether independence has made things better for marginalised communities. In Thaneer Thaneer (1981), Swaminathan poses the question through a story set in a drought-stricken village in Tamil Nadu that has not seen water for nearly a decade. In the 1983 film Oru Indhiya Kanavu (An Indian Dream), Swaminathan sets the narrative amidst the tribals of the Javvandi hills in Tamil Nadu and implores us to revisit the question.
“The news of India's independence reached us five years after 1947,” a tribal chieftain tells Anamika, a student from Chennai who has come there to study the problems facing the community. “Once, a government contractor came to our village to tell us that a minister wants to conduct Independence Day celebrations here. They gave us each Rs 10 and said that if the minister asks how we like independence, we should say we really like it.”
Satire that stings deep was Swaminathan's forte, and Oru Indhiya Kanavu serves a delectable quantity of it. Like Thaneer Thaneer, Oru Indhiya Kanavu too is an adaptation of Swaminathan's play of the same name. But unlike the former, which was directed by K Balachander, Swaminathan is in the director's chair for the adaptation. Starring Suhasini, Lalitha, Vathiyar Raman, Poornam Vishwanathan, Rajeev and Omakuchi Narasimhan, Oru Indhiya Kanavu won the National Award for Best Feature Film in Tamil in 1984.
Play Oru Indhiya Kanavu (1983).
While in the hills, Anamika (Suhasini) gets close to Gangamma (Lalitha), a young tribal woman. Through Gangamma, Suhasini gets to know the rest of the community and slowly discovers the horrors plaguing them, particularly the women. They learn that the women are regularly raped by government contractors and feels helpless when they see a woman being dragged away one night.
Overcome by a feverish desire to help the community in any way possible, Anamika decides to stay in the hills amidst the tribals. Them father (Vathiyar Raman) and Agni (Poornam Vishwanathan), a veteran journalist, encourage them What ensues is a long struggle to bring the perpetrators to justice.
Unlike Thaneer Thaneer, which offers no hope to the drought-affected village, Oru Indhiya Kanavu champions the idea that concerted efforts can indeed bring about change. Swaminathan reposes faith in the power of the collective and its ability to effect justice through sustained protests. Anamika rallies the tribals to ask them just how much more they will tolerate. They have lost their land and their livelihood. Will they sacrifice their women too?
While Anamika embodies a sweet Utopian optimism, Swaminathan gives the acerbic and witty lines to their father, thereby ensuring a balance. Throughout, the writer and director peppers the narrative with ample satire to goad viewers towards a demand for justice.
What stands out is the film's uncanny ability to communicate with India's present. Whether it is the astute study of the government machinery, the atrocities committed against the tribals or plain and simple bureaucratic corruption, Oru Indhiya Kanavu packs India's nightmares into a single narrative.
The rationale behind the title of the wonderfully performed film becomes clear towards the end, when Swaminathan fills the screen with people marching to demand justice. True Indians, for Swaminathan, are the tribals. It is their liberation that, for Swaminathan, is the real (and unfulfilled) national dream.
Check out a new trailer for Steven Spielberg's “Ready Player One”.
On March 30th, you can help save The Oasis…
After all the buzzes and long waits, the world of Bollywood is finally here in Bangkok, Thailand! The launch of the magnificent zone is a Bollywood dream comes true for the industry's die-hard fans. Featuring four Bollywood forever stars: SHAH RUKH KHAN, HRITHIK ROSHAN, AMITABH BACHCHAN, and PRABHAS RAJU, Madame Tussauds Bangkok creates full Bollywood experiences in their newest zone. The immersive IIFA Awards experience and the AR Dance the new zone offers are the highlights fans must not miss!
Upon their first arrival, fans will be welcomed by the figure of PRABHAS RAJU in the flesh before entering the Bollywood Production Studio, where real filming props, the filming-in-process touch, and another superstar presence of HRITHIK ROSHAN will get fans reeling. Leaving the studio behind, fans, then, meet with the Bollywood Augmented Reality Dance. The dancing challenge is a fun experience filled with thematic grooves sung by the famous actor-turns-singer Varun Dhawan, and a cheeky gimmick of hidden cameras to capture fans' fun moments and display them on the large backdrop of the area. Led by the figure of the famous SHAH RUKH KHAN, the AR Dance area is perfectly lit with sparkling Indian-style mirrors strewn in golden delicate frames.
Wrapping up their Bollywood journey at Madame Tussauds Bangkok, fans, then, cruise the signature Green Carpet and pose for striking celebrity shots at IIFA Awards backdrop like a superstar. Well-lit in sparkling golden hue coming off countless award trophies, space's highlight is the well-known IIFA Awards podium. Creating everyone's exclusive award-winning moment, Madame Tussauds Bangkok features the snap portrait shots of your face (provided by our cheeky hidden cameras) on the screen next to the award podium while you are making your award acceptance speech!
The world of Bollywood is finally here at Madame Tussauds Bangkok. What about you? Gear up and embrace your favorite star-studded entertainment here at our new Bollywood Zone today!
Madame Tussauds Bangkok, 4th fl., Siam Discovery.
Ticket prices: Adults 990 THB/ Children (3-11 Years Old) 790 THB.
For more information, call 02-658-0060 or visit https://www.madametussauds.com/Bangkok/
This week the very talented Swara Bhaskar became a little more famous when they decided to take on Sanjay Leela Bhansali's Padmaavat for promoting jauhar… no, not Indra Sen (IS) or Karan. But the archaic practice of self-immolation practised voluntarily by Rajput women in an era gone by.
Era gone-by… That's the key to the bogusness of the whole controversy. This entire post-feminist deconstruction of a practice that ceased long ago is as strained and unreal as Raja Ram Mohan Roy's righteousness about widow remarriage would be in today's day and age.
Raging about why a film set in the 14th century makes such prominent and passionate reference to jauhar is as ludicrous as asking why Ranveer Singh and Deepika Padukone are dressed in the flaming finery of those times, and not in trendy jackets and trousers. Every era in art has its own stress and dress code.
Swara, with a sorted mind, seems flabbergasted by the furore (she referred to it as 'mayhem') that their open letter caused. What the public doesn't know is that they wrote an unpublished letter personally to Sanjay Bhansali, where they explained why they said what they had to say.
Since they had no access to Sanjay they asked me to pass on the letter to him, which I did.
I've gone through Swara's letter to Sanjay and one of the points they make in it is their condemnation of mass immolation on the grounds that some of those ladies rushing into the flames may not want to die this scorching death. That the maidservant was probably being forced to sleep with the King's men anyway, so rather than die, they just had to shift their bed towards the invader's side.
This is purely conjectural. Swara is busy creating a backstory for the individual women involved in the mass immolation. Imagine, in the big battle sequence in the Mahabharat, if some empowered woman decided to send the passionately dedicated Vyasa a show-cause notice to question if every member of the Kaurava and Pandava clan actually wanted to go to war. I mean, did someone actually ask?
Every era has its own Kuruskshetra, its own Mahabharat. For Swara Bhaskar, saying no to jauhar is empowering. To Rani Padmavati four centuries ago, embracing jauhar was empowering.
To every era, its Laxmibai and Mira. You can't accuse Sanjay Leela Bhansali of "glorifying" jauhar. Their cinema is a reflection of the morality and the mindset during the time of the political crisis that happened in Chittore in the 14th century, not its endorsement.
In Satyajit Ray's powerful indictment of blind faith Devi, the very young and heartbreakingly pretty Sharmila Tagore's father-in-law anoints them a reincarnation of Goddess Kali. What would the Swaras of today's world have to say to Sharmila Tagore, or Ray? Were they endorsing blind faith? Or mirroring a social reality? Unless art zeroes in on the malaise how do we cure socio-political ailments?
The point that Swara Bhaskar makes in the private communication to Bhansali is that they are uncomfortable with the depiction of jauhar but gung-ho about their creative vision. But Swara, you can't have the roses without the thorns. Or the Taj Mahal without all those masons who lost their hands.
(Subhash K Jha is a film critic and movie expert)
(Disclaimer: The opinions expressed above are the personal views of the author and do not reflect the views of ZMCL.)
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The News has teamed up with Strawberries and Creem to offer you the chance to win a pair of tickets to the Haggis Farm-based festival on Saturday, June 16 2018.
We'll be at a mystery location in Cambridge city centre at 1pm on Saturday, May 5 with the tickets, and all you have to do is download the Cambridge News app for a chance to find out where we'll be.
To find out where we'll be all you have to do is:
Download the Cambridge News app on your smart phone via the App Store or Android
Enable ‘location services' and ‘push notifications'
You'll receive a notification at 1pm on Saturday 5th May to reveal the mystery location in Cambridge city centre where you can collect the tickets
The first person to get to that location will win the tickets and go to the festival
(Image: Keith Jones)
It's that simple!
Strawberries and Creem is one of the most popular annual music events in the east.
Last year it saw over 10,000 movers and shakers attend the Haggis Farm festival.
Previous years have seen global superstars such as Skepta and Nelly round up their tour buses to Barton.
This year's event promises to deliver an even more unbelievable and impressive musical line up.
2018 will see Strawberries & Creem return for its fifth year on Saturday, June 16.
(Image: Keith Jones)
Headliners include T-Pain, Kojo funds, Ghetts, House of Pharaohs and Jus Now.
A full line up can be found at strawberriesandcreem.com
As well as music there will be plenty of boozing and fun in the sun.
So get your body glitter and sunglasses at the ready- it's time to party!
These tickets are hugely popular so make sure you get there quickly so you don't miss out.
(Image: Keith Jones)
Terms and Conditions
Terms & Conditions: In order to claim the tickets, entrants must be aged 18 or over and be able to provide proof that they have collected of all six tokens published in the Cambridge News between April 30, 2018 and May 5, 2018 along with the push notification on their mobile device. The opening time to claim the tickets will be at 1pm on Saturday, May 5, 2018 and the competition will close once the three winners have claimed their prize – a pair of tickets to the Strawberries & Creem Festival on Saturday 16 June 2018 only at Haggis Farm, Cambridge, CB23 7PZ.
The prize provided by Strawberries & Creem, does not included travel and cannot be exchanged. In order to correctly receive the notification on this date, readers must download the Cambridge News app on their mobile device and turn location services and push notifications ‘on'. Cambridge News cannot be held responsible for failure or delays in receiving the push message due to network errors.
Upon receiving the push message, readers must make their way to the location disclosed and show evidence of all six tokens, along with the push notification on their mobile device, to the member of Cambridge News staff. Tickets will be given to the first three people to approach the location and member of staff with the correct evidence. Those who enter the competition agree to participate in in-paper and online publicity. Cambridge News's decision is final. For more information please see: mirror.co.uk/rules
MANHATTAN, Kan. (AP) – Kansas State is discussing a contract extension for basketball coach Bruce Weber, who was thought to be on the hot seat last season before guiding the Wildcats back to the NCAA Tournament.
University President Richard Myers said during a news conference Monday to introduce new athletic director Gene Taylor that they thought Weber was deserving of an extension. Weber has two years left on a deal that will pay them $2.15 million next seasons. Weber is 100-68 in five seasons with the Wildcats.
Taylor was hired last week to replace John Currie, who departed for a similar role at Tennessee. It was Currie who hired Weber to replace Frank Martin and subsequently signed them to two contract extensions. Myers declined to discuss parameters of a contract extension.
K-State basketball as well as Wildcat football can be heard all season long on KHMY Radio. My 93.1
The Ohio Court of Appeals on Monday delivered a heavy blow to New Miami's attempt to block a court-ordered refund of $3,066,523 in speed camera citations. The village insisted that the lower court (view ruling) got it wrong and that the village should not be forced to pay back any amount on the grounds of sovereign immunity. Not so, said the unanimous three-judge panel.
"While it is true that New Miami has the authority to enforce its traffic laws, it must do so in a constitutional manner," Judge Michael E. Powell wrote for the appellate court. "New Miami does not have the authority to do so in an unconstitutional manner."
[P]laintiffs are seeking the recovery of the specific amount of penalties they paid pursuant to the unconstitutional ordinance and that were therefore wrongfully collected by New Miami. That is, Plaintiffs are seeking the return of specific monies that had once been in their possession and so belonged to them "in good conscience," and thus have asserted a claim for the return of the very thing to which the class was allegedly entitled in the first place. Santos, 2004-Ohio-28 at ¶ 13-14. The action seeking restitution by Plaintiffs "is not a civil suit for money damages but rather an action to correct the unjust enrichment of" New Miami. Id. at ¶ 17. As the Ohio Supreme Court plainly held, "A suit that seeks the return of specific funds wrongfully collected or held by the state is brought in equity" and "is consequently not barred by sovereign immunity."
New Miami claims that this is not a case where Plaintiffs are seeking reimbursement for services rendered or money "wrongfully collected." New Miami asserts that the penalties paid by Plaintiffs were not "wrongfully collected" because New Miami has the authority "to operate traffic programs and collect penalties for violation of traffic laws." Apparently, it is New Miami's contention that because it has legal authority to collect penalties for violation of its traffic laws, Plaintiffs' claim is necessarily for money damages based upon a denial of due process in the collection of those penalties. While it is true that New Miami has the authority to enforce its traffic laws, it must do so in a constitutional manner. New Miami does not have the authority to do so in an unconstitutional manner.
In a time where there are daily attacks on the US constitution, a glimmer of hope has arisen in New Miami, Ohio as the state appeals court ruled in the favor of the citizens. All drivers who were sent one of the town's 'unconstitutional' speed camera tickets will be getting a refund thanks to a court system that protected freedom instead of the state.The court ruled that the $3 million in fines stolen from drivers with no due process was all obtained illegally and they must now pay it back.The battle over speed camera tickets started six years ago in New Miami. After the citizens of New Miami woke up to the fact that their due process had been entirely removed by Optotraffic - a private vendor allowed to extort citizens with the blessing of New Miami politicians - the people fought back in the form of a class action lawsuit.As Tech Dirt reports, "the lower court had problems with the lack of options made available to ticket recipients to challenge speeding tickets. It also had problems with New Miami's cozy relationship with the speed camera company, which provided free cameras in exchange for a percentage of collected fines. This fostered an unhealthy relationship between the two, leading to the town becoming most famous for being a speed trap. The company saddled New Miami with a minimum of 100 operating hours per camera each month. This led to a spike in tickets and a healthy thirst for continual cash infusions on the part of New Miami's governance."The greedy government-unwilling to let go of the $3 million-then took their case to the appeals court, who once again ruled in the favor of the constitution. The city government attempted to claim "sovereign immunity" noting that they should not be held liable for damages arising from a civil suit. However, the court found that refunding stolen money to extorted drivers is hardly the same as paying out monetary damages.After they lost their sovereign immunity claim, the city government attempted to claim they had the legal right to extort citizens with traffic cameras. The court agreed that traffic cameras are indeed legal, however, New Miami used them in an illegal and unconstitutional manner.While this is certainly a victory, if history is any indicator, the city-who has likely already spent the $3 million-will most likely appeal to a higher court. Hopefully, they will rule the same way.As more people refuse to comply, these companies, who rely on corrupt and greedy politicians willing to sell out their citizens for a buck, will begin to fail. And, when they lose - freedom wins.
A 37-year-old woman was arrested for stealing $12,000 from the Burger King in Highland while working as a manager at the restaurant, according to Town of Lloyd Police.
Frances C. Delaunay, 37, of Marlboro, was charged with felony grand larceny on Friday, April 21, according to Lt. James Janso.
"She was shorting the money when they would make the daily deposits," Janso said.
An investigation was launched once the discrepancy in funds was discovered, they added.
Delaunay was arraigned in Plattekill Town Court and released.
Click here to sign up for Daily Voice's free daily emails and news alerts.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Hundreds of homes and businesses in Cambridge have been plunged into power cut chaos.
The reason is reported as a faulty underground electricity cable.
UK Power Networks says 1,668 customers are affected in the CB4 1, CB4 2, CB4 3, and CB6 2 areas.
The company says it engineers are heading to the site and they hope to have power restored by 11am this morning (Thursday June 15).
There are reported power outages in the CM14 5 area as well but no timeframe to fix it has been established.
A spokesperson for UK Power Networks said: "An underground electricity cable has faulted on our high voltage network, causing an area wide power cut."
SIMCOE -
Norfolk council could decide this week whether it's worth spending more money for a tidier county.
Now that the snow is gone, some on Norfolk council have commented in recent weeks that ditches in many areas are strewn with unsightly litter. Simcoe Coun. Peter Black predicted as much in January when they complained about trash blowing off county garbage and recycling trucks.
County staff has come up with some options. These range from an advertising campaign on the basics of smart recycling to spending as much as $500,000 on new recycling boxes that physically prevent waste from blowing into the street.
“I see stuff coming off the trucks,” Black said Monday. “You watch it and you can see it blowing onto the roads. I don't think we can really deal with this unless we have a different design for our trucks.”
The county's options are contained in a report that will be considered at Tuesday's meeting of Norfolk council.
Jennifer Wilson, Norfolk's supervisor of waste management, says the solution could be as simple as educating the public about sound recycling practices.
An obvious problem involves recycling boxes put curbside during windy weather. If people will not prepare their boxes to withstand gusty conditions, Black says they should consider holding onto their recycling until the weather is more favourable.
There is also the potential for stepped-up enforcement. Householders must wait till 7 p.m. the night before collection before putting their trash and recyclables curbside. Trash and recyclables that are not collected before 9 a.m. the following morning must be brought back inside.
“Increased enforcement of the set-out timelines would reduce the time available for recyclables to escape their containers,” Wilson says.
Black has also suggested that Norfolk consider investing in recycling boxes that have a simple, retractable lid. They saw how effective these containers are during a trip to Great Britain in 2013.
In their report, Wilson said a county-wide rollout like this could cost as much as $500,000. A pilot project to test the effectiveness of these containers would cost about $25,000.
Black says any solution begins with people putting some thought into their household waste-management routine.
For example, light recyclables such as plastic bottles are less vulnerable to wind if they are flattened before disposal. Flattened cardboard can also be situated in a recycling box to act like a lid on loose newsprint.
Tuesday's meeting will be held in the council chamber at Governor Simcoe Square in Simcoe. The meeting begins at 3 p.m., with deputations coming to the microphone at 5 p.m. The public is welcome to attend.
MSonnenberg@postmedia.com
Donutology is known for their out of this world donuts and now they are getting into the ice cream game.
Donutology Bismarck Bomb
INGREDIENTS
Glazed donut
Belfonte Vanilla Ice Cream
Whipped Cream
Sprinkles
Chocolate Sauce
METHOD
Split glazed donut. Top bottom half with scoop of ice cream. Place top half of donut on ice cream. Roll sides in sprinkles. Top with whipped cream, more sprinkles and drizzle with chocolate sauce.
It's no Dog Wick, but it still sounds pretty cool: Lionsgate is developing a TV series spin-off of the John Wick film franchise called The Continental.
John Wick director Chad Stahelski confirmed that Lionsgate TV is developing a spin-off in an interview with The Independent earlier this week, and on Wednesday Indiewire got some more details from Stahelski about what the show might be.
The prequel will be a "cool, Wick-ian, magical, and mysterious world" built around the Continental, a hotel chain for assassins. They're places where assassins can get the tools they need and hide out, and no "business" is allowed to be carried out. The New York hotel was introduced in the first John Wick, and John Wick: Chapter 2 revealed that there are Continentals all over the world. The series would expand the world of the Continental to include a whole range of characters down to the sommelier, Stahelski said.
"They've got a really good structure," Stahelski said. "It's very tied to the film [in that] it's about the Continentals all over the world, how certain people come into that world, and what happens in relation to those people, which is cool. I think the world is very vast, and everything I've heard from it is very positive. [...] It's something that studio seems very, very intent on [making] and very, very behind."
Keanu Reeves, John Wick
Stahelski said that it's likely that John Wick (Keanu Reeves) would make an appearance, but that the series will not be centered around him. They didn't say anything about Winston, the owner of the New York Continental played by Ian McShane.
Stahelski and their John Wick creative partner David Leitch are not involved day-to-day in the development of the TV show, as Stahelski is working on John Wick: Chapter 3 and a Highlander reboot and Leitch is directing Deadpool 2. No showrunner has been confirmed yet.
We wonder if it's set in the same universe as the assassin hotel from The Leftovers. Unlikely, but that would rule.
Doctors at the University of Illinois Hospital have cured seven adult patients of sickle cell disease, an inherited blood disorder primarily affecting the black community, using stem cells from donors previously thought to be incompatible, thanks to a new transplant treatment protocol.
The doctors report on the new technique in the journal Biology of Blood and Marrow Transplantation.
With the new protocol, patients with aggressive sickle cell disease can receive stem cells from family members if only half of their human leukocyte antigen (HLA) markers match. Previously, donors had to be a family member with a full set of matching HLA markers, or a "fully-matched" donor.
HLA markers are proteins on the surface of cells that help to regulate the immune system. The human body uses these proteins to identify which cells belong in the body and which cells do not. Because HLA markers are inherited from parents, family members are the most likely to have matching proteins. In transplants, matching HLA markers between the patient and the donor help to limit the risk that the patient's body will reject the donor cells.
While doctors always try to find a closely matched donor for patients who need a stem cell transplant, only 20 percent of sickle cell patients have a family member with a full set of matching HLA markers.
"We have made great strides curing adults with sickle cell disease with stem cell transplants, but the unfortunate truth is that the majority of these patients have, until now, been unable to benefit from this treatment because there are no fully-matched HLA-compatible donors available in their family," said corresponding author Dr. Damiano Rondelli, the Michael Reese Professor of Hematology and director of the Blood and Marrow Transplant program at the University of Illinois at Chicago.
Rondelli and their team run the largest adult sickle cell program in the Chicago area and pioneered the use of chemotherapy-free fully-matched stem cell transplants for sickle cell patients nearly six years ago.
Now, by allowing for "half-matched" donors, the new treatment protocol, which uses only a small does chemotherapy, significantly increases the number of potential donors for each patient.
The doctors screened 50 adult sickle cell patients as candidates for a half-matched stem cell transplant between January 2014 and March 2017. Ten patients received a transplant. Following two unsuccessful transplants, the doctors adopted the new treatment protocol, which included modifications to a process first developed at Johns Hopkins University.
"We modified the transplant protocol by increasing the dose of radiation used before the transplant, and by infusing growth factor-mobilized peripheral blood stem cells instead of bone marrow cells," Rondelli said. "These two modifications helped ensure the patient's body could accept the healthy donor cells."
Of the eight patients who underwent the revised transplant, one experienced chronic graft-versus-host disease following the transplant and died of unknown causes. The other seven patients are alive and maintain 95 percent or higher stable engraftment - acceptance of donor cells - with improved blood work at least 12 months following the transplant.
"These patients are cured of sickle cell disease," Rondelli said.
"The takeaway message is twofold. First, this transplant protocol may cure many more adults patients with advanced sickle cell disease," they said. "Second, despite the increasing safety of the transplant protocols and new compatibility of HLA half-matched donors, many sickle cell patients still face barriers to care - of the patients we screened, only 20 percent underwent a transplant."
Rondelli says that medical insurance denial accounted for 20 percent of the lack of access to the transplant. Other factors included personal decisions and high rates of donor-specific antigens in patients who had received frequent blood transfusions.
###
Co-authors on the paper are Dr. Santosh Saraf, Dr. Annie Oh, Dr. Pritesh Patel, Karen Sweiss, Dr. Matthew Koshy, Dr. Sally Campbell-Lee, Dr. Michael Gowhari, Dr. Shivi Jain, Dr. David Peace, Dr. John Quigley, Dr. Irum Khan, Dr. Robert Molokie, Dr. Nadim Mahmud and Dr. Victor Gordeuk of UIC.
A grant from the National Institutes of Health (K23HL125984) and an endowment from the Michael Reese Research and Education Foundation helped fund the research.
Have your say
More than 100 descendants of a Warwickshire couple all got together in a long-awaited family reunion last week.
Relatives of Mr Edwin Lewis Lane and Mrs Anne Elizabeth Lane, who lived at Mill Cottage, Preston Bagot, gathered at The Riverside in Stratford for the reunion on Friday August 11.
The couple had 10 children and 28 grandchildren. The guests included most of these 28 cousins, their partners and families.
Many had travelled quite far to be there, with some travelling from as far away as Germany and Spain.
One of the Lane's surviving daughters, Thelma, who lives in Warwick, cut a special celebration cake at the reunion.
Months of organising and preparation by two cousins, Derek Gruszeckyj and Keith Lane, made it all possible.
Derek said: “It was the first time ever that all relatives had gathered together in one place.
“It was a fantastic, emotional, busy and fun night, with lots of catching up, dancing and laughter.
“I want to give a big thanks to The Riverside for their superb catering and attentive service, and all their help in making the occasion a great one.”
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
Once a month, Martha Rivera makes the three-hour drive from their home in Fresno to Six Flags Magic Mountain.
They caught CraZanity‘s test run on their last visit with their husband and children.
“It looks crazy,” the 36-year-old posted on the Facebook public group Six Flags Season Pass Holders where several members answered a reporter's questions about the park's new ride.
CraZanity, which opens Thursday, July 12 following an 11 a.m. ceremony (although the opening is listed as Friday, July 13 on the website, we have been assured by the park's press office that it opens Thursday), is touted as the world's tallest pendulum ride.
A focal point of the newly themed Boardwalk area, it stands 17 stories high and travels at speeds of up to 75 miles an hour. As it whips back and forth, 40 riders sit strapped to the outside of a large rotating disk taking in a staggering view of the park from up to 172 feet in the air.
The ride was built on the former site of the old rail station, improving an area that parkgoers agree had been due for a revamp.
For Caressa Renna of Santa Clarita, CraZanity is “a sight for sore eyes.
“I think a lot of people have been looking for some new thrills, and that's just what Magic Mountain is bringing,” they said.
Steve Blersch, 53, of Seal Beach said he's a fan of the park's attractions Tatsu, Goliath and Justice League.
They agreed CraZanity “looks like a great addition to the park. They have nothing else like it.”
While many welcome CraZanity, Jim Hickey said they aren't impressed with what they called “just a bigger carnival ride.”
The 35-year-old season pass holder from Riverside said, “Honestly, I'd prefer a few more dark rides.”
Bakersfield mom Amy Bartlett said that they and their daughters recently got a small taste of what's to come after testing out another pendulum ride.
“We just got to experience the Wonder Woman pendulum at Discovery Kingdom last week,” they said, referring to the Wonder Woman Lasso of Truth at Six Flag's Northern California park that swings riders 147 feet in the air. “My 9-year-old went from being terrified to get on it to it becoming their favorite ride” noting they are “proud of them for being brave enough to conquer their fears. We love our thrill rides.”
Dean Elgar's century and a quickfire unbeaten 68 from Quinton de Kock lifted South Africa to 297 for six on the opening day of the second test against Sri Lanka at Newlands on Monday.
Elgar scored a career-high 129 and shared a 103-run partnership with De Kock to lift the home side into a handy position after they had struggled early on.
The opener went past their previous top test score and their ton came up off 186 balls before they were caught by wicketkeeper Kusal Mendis off Suranga Lakmal half an hour before the close.
De Kock, whose runs came off 90 balls, will resume with nightwatchman Kyle Abbott unbeaten on 16.
Teenager Lahiru Kumara claimed three wickets, including two in the same over, after they were brought into the side following Sri Lanka's 206-run defeat in the first test in Port Elizabeth.
But the touring side will feel they did not take full advantage of the seamer-friendly track as they took as many wickets in the second two sessions as they had before lunch when South Africa were teetering on 69-3 after losing the toss and being put into bat.
There was an immediate breakthrough before the home team had scored a run with Stephen Cook, who made a century and was named man of the match in the first test, out to the fourth ball of the game. They pushed at a rising delivery from Lakmal and got a faint edge to Mendis.
The 19-year-old Kumara dismissed Hashim Amla and JP Duminy in the same over just before lunch.
Amla, continuing their indifferent form, was clean bowled for 29 and five balls later Duminy gloved a quick leg-side delivery to be caught for a duck after an acrobatic leap by Mendis.
In the second session, captain Faf du Plessis was the only wicket to fall, making 38 in a 76-run partnership with Elgar that launched South Africa's fightback. They were caught at first slip by Angelo Mathews off the left-arm spin of Rangana Herath.
After tea, Temba Bavuma, who twice went out cheaply in the first test, was caught for 10 trying to flick a delivery over the field but taken at square leg by Upul Tharanga off Kumara.
Elgar followed with a thick edge off the second new ball but not before seeing their team into a relatively strong position.
-Reuters
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
What better way to close this week than a moment to look at and admire the beauty all around us. Mike Stevens says there's some to be found in the PhotoLink Library.
High-level advisers to presidential candidate Donald Trump were "in constant communication during the campaign with Russians known to U.S. intelligence," CNN reported Tuesday night, citing "multiple current and former intelligence, law enforcement, and administration officials." Like a similar anonymously sourced report in The New York Times from Tuesday evening, CNN says that investigators have not yet determined the motive for the frequent contact. If collusion between the Trump campaign and Russia to damage Hillary Clinton's rival campaign is uncovered, one official tells CNN, "that would escalate things."
Investigators were not targeting Trump associates when they picked up on the contacts, merely conducting routine intelligence gathering on suspect Russian officials and nationals, but the "frequency of the communications during early summer and the proximity to Trump of those involved 'raised a red flag,'" CNN reports, naming two of the officials "regularly communicating with Russian nationals" as Paul Manafort, Trump's former campaign chairperson, and Michael Flynn, who just resigned as Trump's national security adviser. Manafort denied any improper contact with Russian officials to The New York Times.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Transport bosses have hit back at a claim Cambridge is the worst city in the UK for travelling around and from, branding it “unfair”.
The Easy Travel Index survey by transport company ESP group placed the city at the foot of a league table of more than 30 major urban centres for transport overall.
It came bottom as a place to travel from and second bottom as a city to travel within.
The survey asked people people in each city a series of questions about their perception of how easy it was to travel around and from.
But Cllr Ian Bates, chairperson of the economy and environment committee at Cambridgeshire County Council, said they thought the survey findings were “unfair”, arguing that Cambridge was a well-connected city that was addressing its transport problems.
“I would start by breaking it down,” said Cllr Bates. “If you look at rail, we have got a good service into London and to Birmingham and Ely and King's Lynn. You can visit the Queen if you want to. East –West rail could be better.
'We have become known for cycling'
“If we look at cycling, we have invested heavily. We have become known for cycling, and even the Dutch have come to visit us.”
Cllr Bates said there were good road links too, with the M11 and an improved A14 on the cards. They also said the Greater Cambridge Partnership (formerly City Deal), whose executive board they sit on, was working to reduce congestion.
“We are going to solve people's problems with congestion,” they said.
Cllr Bates also said future investments in electric buses and taxis would ease traffic problems, as well as help improve air quality in Cambridge.
poll loading What's the biggest upgrade needed to Cambridge's transport system? 0+ VOTES SO FAR Rail Road Busway Cycle paths Air
Cllr Kevin Blencowe, executive councillor for transport and planning at Cambridge City Council, said: “It is hard to generalise, it depends on people's end destinations.
"Clearly, we do have regular services to London that are good but overcrowded in the mornings. There are good links to London and other parts of the country.
A pinch of salt
“The A14 is a bit awkward. But I would always take surveys like this with a pinch of salt. I think there are issues with train capacity and the range of destinations. In the short-term, there's potential to open up routes to the rest of the county, up to Wisbech.
“In the future, there is potential to grow the train network, and the improvement of the A14 in terms of road capacity is one example of something that is going on right now.”
In all, nearly 5,000 people in the cities involved took part in the study, which was carried out in July.
Here are the tables:
Easiest cities to travel within, with scores out of 10
(some got the same score, so position is tied)
1. Edinburgh (6.55)
2. Salford (6.50)
3. Cardiff (6.44)
4. Sunderland (6.40)
5. Glasgow (6.37)
6. Leicester (6.32)
7. Stirling (6.31)
8. Leeds (6.28)
9. Swansea 6.24
10. Nottingham (6.22)
11. Liverpool (6.20)
11. Newcastle upon Tyne (6.20)
12. Bradford (6.17)
12. Coventry (6.17)
13. Sheffield (6.14)
13. Dundee (6.14)
14. Dublin (6.10)
14. Hull (6.10)
15. York (6.09)
15. Oxford (6.09)
15. Belfast (6.09)
15. Inverness (6.09)
16. Bath (6.06)
17. Exeter (6.05)
18. London (6.04)
19. Manchester (6.03)
20. Birmingham (5.85)
21. Brighton (5.83)
22. Wolverhampton (5.74)
23. Aberdeen (5.73)
24. Norwich (5.63)
25. Cambridge (5.46)
26. Bristol (5.31)
Easiest cities to travel from, with scores out of 10
1. York (6.21)
2. Salford (6.20)
3. Sunderland (6.08)
4. Cardiff (6.02)
5. Leicester (6.00)
5. Stirling (6.00)
6. Bradford (5.97)
7. Inverness (5.94)
8. Belfast (5.90)
9. Glasgow (5.89)
10. Leeds (5.88)
10. Sheffield (5.88)
11. Dublin (5.84)
12. Bath (5.82)
12. Coventry (5.82)
13. Swansea (5.81)
14. Edinburgh (5.78)
14. Oxford (5.78)
15. Newcastle upon Tyne (5.76)
16. Nottingham (5.73)
16. Norwich (5.73)
17. Hull (5.72)
18. Dundee (5.65)
19. Wolverhampton (5.64)
20. Manchester (5.62)
21. London (5.61)
22. Liverpool (5.60)
23. Birmingham (5.56)
24. Exeter (5.55)
25. Bristol (5.48)
26. Aberdeen (5.44)
27. Brighton (5.42)
28. Cambridge (5.18)
You can keep up to date with all the latest news in and around Cambridge by downloading our free app. It is available for the iPhone and iPad from Apple's App Store, or the Android version can be downloaded from Google Play.
ISLAMABAD: According to Gilani Research Foundation Survey, carried out by Gallup and Gilani Pakistan, 4 in 5 Pakistanis believe that the divorce rate has spiked in the country.
A nationally representative sample of men and women representing all four provinces was asked whether they thought that divorce rates have increased or decreased in the country. According to the survey results, 78 per cent participants said that divorce rates have climbed up in the country, whereas 22 per cent said it had decreased.
The survey was carried out among a sample of 1,781 men and women in rural and urban areas of the country, from September 11 to 18.
NORTH CHARLESTON, S.C. (AP) — The Latest on the vote by employees of Boeing's plant in North Charleston on whether to join a union (all times local):
10:45 a.m.
South Carolina's chief executive says Boeing's workers should reject an effort to unionize the aviation giant's North Charleston facilities.
In a statement provided to The Associated Press, Gov. Henry McMaster said “there is no reason to put anyone in the middle” between Boeing and its workers.
The Republican governor hasn't said much publicly about the vote, which was announced last month by the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers.
McMaster has only been in office a few weeks, after former Gov. Nikki Haley accepted a job as ambassador to the United Nations. They were an early backer of Donald Trump's presidential campaign and is expected to join the president on Friday when they visit South Carolina for the rollout of the first Boeing 787-10 Dreamliner from the aircraft maker's campus.
___
9:30 a.m.
The morning round of voting has concluded among South Carolina Boeing workers considering if they want representation by a union.
The first of two voting shifts wrapped up around midmorning at the aviation giant's North Charleston facilities.
Nearly 3,000 production workers are eligible to vote in the election to determine if they'll be represented by the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers. The union initially petitioned for a vote in 2015 but called off that election because of what the union called a toxic atmosphere and political interference.
Machinists spokesperson Jonathan Battaglia says the union feels Boeing workers are “ready to make history” with the vote.
Boeing came to South Carolina in part because of the state's minuscule union presence. Labor experts say a “yes” vote would have repercussions throughout the South, potentially inspiring other workers to think about unionizing.
___
6:45 a.m.
Voting is underway as thousands of workers at Boeing's South Carolina plant decide if they want to unionize.
Polling places opened early Wednesday morning throughout the aviation giant's sprawling facility in North Charleston. A second wave of voting takes place this afternoon.
Nearly 3,000 production workers are eligible to vote in the election to determine if they'll be represented by the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers. The union initially petitioned for a vote in 2015 but called off that election because of what the union called a toxic atmosphere and political interference.
The global aviation giant came to South Carolina in part because of the state's minuscule union presence. Labor experts say a “yes” vote would have repercussions throughout the South, potentially inspiring other workers to think about unionizing.
___
4:10 a.m.
Nearly 3,000 production workers at Boeing's South Carolina plant are deciding if they want to unionize, writing the next chapter in efforts to organize labor in large manufacturing plants across the South.
If successful, Wednesday's balloting on whether employees should join the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers would send a significant message to politicians both in the region and Washington that workers here are demanding the same protections and benefits as their colleagues in other areas.
And, to the leaders trying to recruit businesses by promoting their states' lack of union presence, it'd make their jobs more difficult.
Labor experts say a “yes” vote would have repercussions throughout the South, potentially inspiring other workers to think about unionizing.
BRUSSELS (AP) — The European Union's parliament approved a trade deal with Canada on Wednesday, extolling the pact as a sign of cooperation at a time when many political forces, including U.S. President Donald Trump's administration, are trying to halt globalization.
After three hours of debate on Wednesday and years of negotiations preceding that, the legislature approved the deal by a margin of 408 for, 254 against with 33 abstentions.
The vote should close the drawn-out approval process across the 28 member states, where some governments and legislations had tried to modify or scupper the deal. The Netherlands could still block it if it demands an advisory national referendum on the deal.
Milan, July 4 - The first test-tube embryos of rhinoes have been produced in Italy by the same team led by Cesare Galli that cloned the first bull Galileo and the first horse Prometea, according to an article in Nature Communications. The embryos may pave the way for saving animals on the brink of extinction like the northern white rhino, of which only two females survive. In the Cremona lab of the Avantea group, specialised in assisted reproduction for large animals, researchers grew 30 eggs taken from southern white rhino females, of which there are more than 21,000 animals. Some 17 were fertilised with the sperm of the same sub-species, while the other 13 were fertilized with the frozen sperm of dead northern white rhinoes. Seven embryos were this obtained, blocked at day 12 of their development. Some of them have been frozen, awaiting transplant into the wombs of surrogate mothers, while others have been used to obtain stem cells, precious for testing techniques to produce new gametes permitting an increase in the genetic diversity of rhinoes.
ADVERTISEMENT
Today is tax day: America's annual tradition of muddling through complex paperwork and impenetrable jargon to stay in the Internal Revenue Service's good graces.
Fortunately for us, companies like Intuit and H&R Block provide services and software like TurboTax to make the process more comprehensible. Obviously, they don't do this for free: Americans will pay the tax preparation industry around $12 billion this year for their help. But private companies must make a profit, after all.
So we taxpayers should be grateful, right?
Actually, Intuit and H&R Block and their fellows are a big reason why doing your taxes is so unpleasant.
Admittedly, one problem here is just that the tax code is really complicated, thanks to all the deductions and credits and carve-outs. The mess tends to build over time until, roughly every 30 years, Congress does a housecleaning. And we're due for another round of reform.
But regardless of how complicated the tax code itself gets, there's a lot we could do to make the process of filing our taxes quicker and simpler.
Right now, Americans prepare their tax returns themselves. But when most Americans fill out their wages and dividends and mortgage payments and all the rest on their tax forms, they're not telling the government anything it doesn't already know. So once Americans have filed their returns, the government checks their work against its own calculations, and decides whether it agrees. If the government doesn't agree, taxpayers then choose whether to fight it.
In other words, filling out your own tax return is often an entirely superfluous step. That's why plenty of other countries — Japan, Israel, the Netherlands, Britain, Peru, Sweden, Spain, etc. — don't include it in the process. The government just cuts to the chase: It prepares everyone's tax returns itself, sends them out, and then taxpayers check the returns for errors.
It's called a "return-free filing" system.
T.R. Reid recently described how this system works for their friend Michael, "a Dutch executive with a six-figure income, a range of investments, and all the economic complications that come with an upper-bracket lifestyle."
An American in the same situation would have to fill out a dozen forms, six pages long. Michael, by contrast, sets aside 15 minutes per year to file their federal and local income tax, and that's usually enough. But sometimes, they told me, they decide to check the figures the government has already filled in on their return. At this point, Michael was getting downright indignant. "I mean, some years, it takes me half an hour just to file my taxes!" [T.R. Reid, The New York Times]
Imagine that! Getting upset because the entirely free process took half an hour instead of 15 minutes. Here in America, by contrast, the average taxpayer will spend 13 hours and $200 to get their tax return finished and filed.
Past studies estimate that at least 40 percent of Americans would be eligible to get return-free filing, should we move to such a system. So why on Earth don't we?
That's where Intuit, H&R Block, and their ilk enter the picture. As ProPublica and the Sunlight Foundation have documented, the tax preparation industry spends millions upon millions lobbying Congress. And one of the main things they lobby against is moving to return-free filing. Multiple congressional attempts to create such a system have crashed and burned, including a 2016 effort by Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.) and others. The industry even fought similar efforts at the state level, and pushed bills that would explicitly bar the U.S. government from embracing return-free filing.
America does have a public-private partnership between the IRS and the tax preparation companies, which ostensibly offers free online tax filing to lower- and middle-class families. But it's confusing. And, not surprisingly, it nudges users towards products that require payment. While 70 percent of Americans could use this option in theory, under 2 percent actually do. Meanwhile, the industry uses that partnership as leverage to get the IRS to sign agreements that it won't create a free-return system.
Warren called the setup "a front for tax prep companies who use it as a gateway to sell expensive products no one would even need if we'd just made it easier for people to pay their taxes.” Them staff even issued a long and detailed report based on much of ProPublica's work.
The tax preparation industry and its allies in Congress argue that making the IRS both tax collector and tax preparer would create a conflict of interest: The government wants more tax revenue, so it might inflate your tax liability by not giving you all the credits and deductions you qualify for. But both systems end at the same place: The government tells you what it thinks your liability is, and you either challenge it or you don't. In return-free filing systems as in our own, you don't have to accept the government's version. You can disagree, make adjustments, etc. Return-free filing just cuts out the nonsense beforehand.
Now, there's a more likely reason the industry opposes return-free filing: It would massively cut into their customer base and revenue. "We anticipate that governmental encroachment at both the federal and state levels may present a continued competitive threat to our business for the foreseeable future," Intuit told its investors recently.
Even worse, poor Americans are particularly vulnerable to exploitation. First off, they desperately need what tax breaks they get, and have less time or resources than anyone to claim them. Second, in an echo of the problem with payday lenders, poor Americans often lack bank accounts and face other challenges that give tax preparation companies even more opportunities to fleece them.
In short, making the process of filing your taxes as unpleasant as possible is a very big and very lucrative business.
The Ty Pozzobon Foundation aims to ‘protect and support' rodeo competitors in and out of the arena
A foundation honouring the legacy of B.C. bull rider Ty Pozzobon is bringing concussion awareness to the forefront, one year after the star took their own life and shook their community of fans and family.
A post-mortem examination of Pozzobon's brain revealed the 25-year-old from Merritt suffered from chronic traumatic encephalopathy, also known as CTE – a controversial disease often caused by repetitive brain injuries, such as repeated concussions often discussed in contact sports like football and wrestling.
Pozzobon is the only confirmed case of CTE in a proffesional bull rider in North America, and since their death has turned a spotlight on one of the darker components of what's often called the most dangerous sport.
READ MORE: Mother of B.C. bull rider who died warns of implications of concussions
READ MORE: Ty Pozzobon remembered as professional rodeo's ‘brightest star'
The new Ty Pozzobon Foundation, led by Saskatchewan bull rider Tanner Byrne, is looking to raise funds to ensure Canadian Pro Rodeo Sports Medicine teams are at all ProRodeo and PBR events across the country, as well as creating a concussion spotting team to be on site at competitions.
#Bellletstalk today and everyday. You just never know what someone has going on inside of them so Be kind to one another #typozzobonfoundation #tpf #LiveLikeTy @TyPozzobon pic.twitter.com/7OloirUgp4 — Tanner Byrne (@TannerByrne) February 1, 2018
“We knew we wanted to all do something for Ty in their name to make a positive change in our sport,” Byrne said in a news release. “Through Ty's Foundation we can ensure their name, destiny and legacy live on in and out of the arena.”
Byrne, Pozzobon's best friend and spokesperson for the foundation, said the work of the foundation will include educating youth and athletes about the impacts of concussions, including anxiety and depression.
“Ty loved people, this is our way of still doing that for him,” they said.
@ashwadhwani
ashley.wadhwani@bpdigital.ca
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
(CNN) — Facebook shares took a big hit Monday, shaving about $37 billion off the value of the company.
The stock tumbled about 7% Monday on news that data firm Cambridge Analytica, which had ties to Trump‘s campaign, reportedly accessed information from about 50 million Facebook users. This is the stock's biggest drop, on a percentage basis, in four years.
Even after Monday's plunge, Facebook is still one of the nation's most valuable companies, with a market cap of about $500 billion. It's behind only Apple (AAPL), Google parent Alphabet (GOOGL), Amazon (AMZN), Microsoft (MSFT) and about even with Berkshire Hathaway (BRKA).
Related content: Facebook bans Trump-affiliated data firm Cambridge Analytica
Mark Zuckerberg holds about 400 million shares of Facebook (FB), and their net worth plunged by about $5 billion Monday afternoon. Shares closed the day down $12.53.
Of course even with the single-day drop the value of their holdings, Zuckerberg still owns about $70 billion worth of Facebook shares. That's enough to make them the sixth richest man in the world, according to Forbes' real-time billionaire tracker.
Related content: Facebook's Zuckerberg comes under fire from UK, US lawmakers
To put the dollar drop in context though, when Zuckerberg took Facebook public in 2012, the value of Zuckerberg's Facebook shares was about $19 billion. Facebook posted a drop of greater than 7% in a single day on seven different occasions in its early days of trading. But this is the biggest single-day slide every in terms of dollar value for the stock.
The stock fell Monday after the Cambridge Analytica controversy prompted some outside observers to suggest that Facebooks should be more regulated. Some users have vowed to stop using Facebook and there are also questions about what the company will have to do to restore public trust in Facebook's commitment to privacy and data protection.
"We're delighted to finalise the permanent signing of Martin to Newcastle United today."
Rafa has had their say on Martin Dúbravka, who becomes the Magpies' first arrival of the summer.
Full story: https://t.co/jK4kv1l5Ix #NUFC pic.twitter.com/fNl4UJN6fo
STORRS, Conn. (WTNH) — Charges are dropped against the accused white supremacist, Lucian Wintrich, while the woman at the center of the big fight at UConn faces charges.
Catherine Gregory, 33, grabbed Wintrich's papers off a podium and there's video of them attacking them Melee broke out and the video went viral. Wintrich was there to give a speech entitled, “It's Ok to Be White”. The speech prompted a slew of protesters to come out and see him. Gregory was one of them.
The arrest report says they heckled Lucian Wintrich before they snagged their speech off the podium. They also work for Quinebaug Valley Community College and received death threats for their actions.
Gregory was charged with disorderly conduct and criminal attempt to commit larceny.
Wintrich was in court today for their actions. They say the charges were dropped against him. Less than an hour ago, they sent out a tweet saying, “All charges against me were dropped outright. The leftist thug who stole my speech was arrested. The fight is still not over.”
Now, Gregory is due in court in Rockville on Wednesday.
The price of Brent crude oil, the international benchmark, has reached a new high by surpassing $65 per barrel, market indices showed Tuesday.
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — As of 02:25 GMT, the January Brent futures for North Sea crude oil, the benchmark for the global oil price, traded at $65,24 per barrel, rising by 0,52 percent.
© AP Photo/ JOHN MOORE Analysts Reveal How Oil Price Spike Over Saudi 'Corruption Purge' May Increase US Output
Brent crude first jumped to $64.27 on November 6 after a number of former and current Saudi officials, including 11 princes and four incumbent ministers, were detained by authorities as part of an anti-corruption operation launched by the government, resulting in an increase of oil prices to their highest levels in over two years. Experts predicted that if the uncertainty in Saudi Arabia further escalated, oil prices could rise toward $70 per barrel, but by November 8 Brent Crude had already fallen to $63.97.
The price of crude oil has started rising again amid the reports that the Forties Pipeline System, the UK largest oil pipeline, could be shut down for weeks for unscheduled repairs.
